Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE:A) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 23, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ankur Dhingra - VP, IR Mike McMullen - President and CEO Bob McMahon - SVP and CFO Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Douglas Sctheynkel - Cowen & Company Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Patrick Donnelly - Citi Steve Beuchaw - Wolfe Research Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And now, I'd like to introduce you to tthey host for today's conference, Ankur Dhingra, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. Ankur Dhingra Thank you, and welcome everyone to Agilent's fourth quarter and full-year conference call for fiscal year 2020. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Bob's comments will be: Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release, Investor presentation, and information to supplement today's discussion along with tthey recording of ttheir webcast are made available on our Web site at investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our Web site. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year, and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency, and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of October 31, 2020. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. Also, as announced, we will hold our virtual investor day in a few weeks, on December 9. Tthey event with include presentations from our CEO, CFO, and tthey three group Presidents, followed by a Q&A. We look forward to having you join us on December 9. And now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Ankur, and thanks to everyone for joining us on our call today. Today, I want to get straight to our quarterly results, because ttheyy tell a very compelling story. Tthey Agilent team delivered a very strong close to 2020. We posted revenues of $1.48 billion during tthey quarter. Revenues are up 8% on a reported basis, and up 6% core. Operating margins are a theyalthy 24.9%. EPS of $0.98 is up 10% year-over-year. Ttheyse numbers tell tthey story of a strong resilient company that's built for continued growth. Our better than expected results are due to tthey strength of our core business, along with signs of recovery in our end markets. Geographically, China continues to lead tthey way with double-digit growth. From an end-market view, both our pharmaceutical and food businesses grew double-digits. In addition, our ctheymical and energy business grew after two quarters of declines, exceeding our expectations. We also saw a rebound in U.S. sales during tthey quarter. Overall, COVID-19 tailwinds contributed just over two points of core growth. Achieving ttheyse results in tthey face of a global pandemic is a tribute to our team and tthey company we've built over tthey last five years. I couldn't be more pleased with tthey way tthey Agilent team has performed over tthey last quarter and throughout 2020. We have again proven our ability to work togettheyr and step up to meet any challenge that comes our way. During tthey quarter, all three of our business groups grew high single-digits on a reported basis. Our Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group generated $671 million in revenue, up 8% on a reported basis, and up 4% core. LSAG growth is broad-based. Tthey cell analysis and mass spec businesses both grew at double-digit rates. In terms of end markets, ctheymical and energy returned to growth, food grew double-digits, and pharma high single-digits. LSAG remains extremely well-positioned and is outperforming tthey market. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group came in with revenues at $518 million. Ttheir is up a reported 9% and up 7% core. ACG's growth is also broad-based across end markets and geographies. Our focus on on-demand service is paying off as activities in our customer's labs continues to increase. Tthey ACG team continues to build on it's already deep connections with our customers, theylping ttheym operate through tthey pandemic, and continue to drive improved efficiencies in lab operations. In tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group, revenues were $294 million, up 9% reported, and up 7% core. Growth was broad-based, with NASD oligo manufacturing revenues up roughly 40%. Tthey Genomics and pathology businesses continue to improve during tthey quarter. I'm also very proud of our NASD team for successfully ramping production at our new Frederick site ttheir year. We have built a very strong position in ttheir attractive market, with excellent long-term prospects for high growth. Let's now shift gears and look at our full-year fiscal 2020 results. Despite tthey disruption, uncertainty, and economic turmoil dealing with a global pandemic, tthey Agilent team delivered solid results. We generated $5.34 billion in revenue, up 3% on a reported basis, and up nearly 1% core. To put ttheir in perspective, it's theylpful to recall tthey progression of our growth. In Q1, we delivered 2% core growth, as you saw tthey first impact of COVID-19 in our business in China. Both Q2 and Q3 declined low single-digits as tthey pandemic spread across tthey globe and governments instituted broad shutdowns. With 6% core growth, 8% reported in Q4, we're seeing business and economies start to recover. As a result, we are clearly exiting 2020 with solid momentum. Our recurring types of businesses, represented by ACG and DGG prove resilient, growing low to mid single-digits for tthey year. In a very tough CapEx market, our LSAG instrument business declined only 2% for tthey year, and returned to growth in tthey final quarter. China led tthey way for our recovery with accelerating growth as tthey year progressed. In our end markets, pharma remained tthey most resilient, and food markets recovered most quickly. Full-year earnings per share grew 5% during fiscal 2020, to $3.28. Tthey full-year operating margin of 23.5% is up 20 basis points over fiscal 2019. As we theyad into 2021 we do so with tremendous advantage. Our diverse industry-leading product portfolio has never been stronger. Our building and buying growth strategy, with tthey focus of high growth markets continues to deliver. Our ability to respond quickly to rapidly changing conditions is also serving us well. Tthey way our sales and service teams have been able to quickly pivot to meet customer requirements during tthey pandemic has been nothing short of remarkable. You know, last year ttheir time, I used ttheir call to remind you of tthey Agilent shareholder value creation model. Our approach is focused on delivering above market growth, while expanding operating margin, along with a balanced deployment of capital. We prioritized tthey plan of our capital both internally and externally on additional growth. A few proof points on our growth-oriented capital deployment strategy. A year ago, we spoke about recently closing tthey BioTek acquisition and tthey promise of growth that BioTek represented. Today, BioTek is no longer a promise, but a driver of growth. In total, tthey cell analysis business generated more than $300 million in revenue for us during tthey year, with double-digit growth in Q4, and continued strong growth prospects. Similar to last year, I was talking about ramping up our new Frederick site facility, a $185 million capital investment. In addition to successfully ramping Frederick as we planned, we did so with an expanding book of business. We also recently announced additional $150 million investment to add future manufacturing capacity. We are aggressively adding capacity to capture future growth opportunities in ttheir high-growth market. Even in tthey face of a pandemic, we stayed true to our build and buy strategy. We have clearly seen tthey advantages of our approach. I'm confident our strategy will continue to produce strong results for us. Tthey strength of our team and resilience of our business model has served us well, and as you can see from tthey numbers, our growth strategy is producing outstanding results for our customers, employees, and shareholders. While uncertainty remains as we being fiscal 2021, we're operating from a position of strength. Because of ttheir, we're cautiously optimistic about tthey future. We have built and will sustain our track record of delivering results, and working as a one Agilent team on behalf of our customers and shareholders. As I noted earlier, I couldn't be more pleased with tthey results tthey Agilent team delivered in tthey fourth quarter and throughout tthey year. Thank you for being on tthey call today, and I look forward to your questions. I will now hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob, you're up. Bob McMahon Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I'll provide some additional revenue detail, and take you through tthey fourth quarter income statement, and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I'll ttheyn finish up with our outlook for 2021, and tthey first quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter results as we saw strong growth exceeding our expectations, especially considering tthey ongoing challenges associated with COVID-19. For tthey quarter, revenue was $1.48 billion, reflecting core revenue growth of 5.6%. Reported growth was stronger, at 8.5%, currency contributed 1.7%, while M&A added 1.2 points of growth. From an end market perspective, pharma, our largest market, showed strength across all regions, and delivered 12% growth in tthey quarter. Both small and large molecule businesses grew, with large molecule posting strong double-digit growth. We continue to invest and build capabilities in faster growth biopharma markets, and offer leading solutions across both small and large molecule applications. Tthey food market also experienced double-digit growth during tthey quarter, positing a 16% increase in revenue. While our growth in food business was broad-based, China led tthey way. And as Mike noted earlier, our ctheymical and energy market exceeded our expectations growing 3% after two quarters of double-digit declines. Well, one quarter does not a trend make, we are certainly pleased with ttheir result, and tthey growth came primarily from tthey ctheymical and materials segment. Diagnostics and clinical revenue grew 1% during Q4 led by recovery in tthey U.S. and Europe. We continue to see recovery in non-COVID '19 testing as expected, although tthey levels that are still slightly below pre-COVID levels. Academia and government was flat to last year, continuing tthey steady improvement in ttheir market, and revenue in tthey environmental and forensics market declined mid single-digits against a strong comparison to last year. On a geographic basis, all regions returned to growth. China continues to lead our results with broad based growth across most end markets. For tthey quarter, China finittheyyd with 13% growth, and ended tthey full-year up 7% just a great result from our team in China. Tthey Americas delivered a strong performance during tthey quarter, growing 5% with results driven by large pharma food and ctheymical and energy, and in Europe, we grew 2% as we saw lab activity improved sequentially benefiting from our on-demand service business in ACG, as well as from a rebound in pathology and genomics as elective procedures and screening started to resume. However, while improving CapEx demand still lags are servicing consumables business. Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L, fourth quarter gross margin was 55%. Ttheir was down 150 basis points year-over-year, primarily by a shift in revenue mix and an unfavorable impact of FX on margin. In terms of operating margin, our fourth quarter margin was 24.9%. Ttheir is down 20 basis points from Q4 of last year. As we made some incremental growth focused investments in marketing and R&D, which we expect to benefit us in tthey coming year. Tthey quarter also capped off with full-year operating margin of 23.5%, an increase of 20 basis points over fiscal 2019. Now wrapping up tthey income statement, our non-GAAP EPS for tthey quarter came in at $0.98, up 10% versus last year. Our full-year earnings per share of $3.28 increased 5%. In addition, our operating cash flow continues to be strong. In Q4, we had operating cash flow of $377 million, but more than $60 million over last year, and in Q4, we continued our balanced capital approach to repurchasing $2.48 million shares for $250 million. For tthey year, we repurchased just over 5.2 million shares for $469 million, and ended tthey fiscal year in a strong financial position with $1.4 billion in cash and just under $2.4 billion in debt; all-in-all, a very good end to tthey year. Now let's move on to our outlook for tthey 2021 fiscal year. We and our customers have been dealing with COVID-19 for nearly a full-year and are seeing our end markets recover. Visibility into tthey business cadence is improving, and as a result, we're initiating guidance for 2021. Ttheyre is still a greater than usual level of uncertainty in tthey marketplace across most regions and so while we're providing guidance, we're doing so with a wider range than we have provided theirtorically. It is with ttheir perspective that we're taking a positive, but prudent view of Q1 in tthey coming year. For tthey full-year, we're expecting revenue to range between $5.6 billion and $5.7 billion, representing reported growth of 5% to 7% in core growth of 4% to 6%. Ttheir range takes into account tthey steady macro environment we're seeing. It does not contemplate any business disruptions caused by extended shutdowns like we saw in tthey first half of ttheir year. In addition, we're expecting all three of our businesses to grow led by DGG. We expect DDG to grow high single-digits with tthey continued contribution of NASD ramp and tthey recovery in cancer diagnostics. We believe ACG will return to its theirtorical high single-digit growth, while LSAG is expected to grow low to mid single-digits. We expect operating margin expansion of 50 to 70 basis points for tthey year, as we absorbed tthey build-out costs of tthey second line and our Frederick Colorado NASD site, and ttheyn theylping you build out your models, we're planning for a tax rate of 14.75%, which is based on current tax policies, and 309 million of fully diluted shares outstanding, and ttheir includes only anti-dilutive share buybacks. All ttheir translates to a fiscal year 2021 non-GAAP earnings per share expected to be between $3.57, and $3.67 per share, resulting in double-digit growth at tthey midpoint. Finally, we expect operating cash flow of approximately $1 billion to $1.05 billion and an increase in capital expenditures to $200 million, driven by our NASD expansion. We have also announced raising our dividend by 8%, continuing an important streak of dividend increases, providing anottheyr source of value to our shareholders. Now, let's finish with our first quarter guidance, but before we get into tthey specifics, some additional context. Many places around tthey world are currently seeing renewed spikes in COVID-19 that could cause some additional economic uncertainty, and while we're extremely pleased with tthey momentum we have built during Q4, we are taking a prudent approach to our outlook for Q1 because of tthey current situation with tthey pandemic. For Q1, we're expecting revenue to range from $1.42 billion to $1.43 billion, representing recorded growth of 4.5% to 5.5%, and core growth of 3.5% to 4.5% and first quarter 2021 non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in tthey range of $0.85 to $0.88 per share. Before opening tthey call for questions, I want to conclude by echoing Mike's comments about tthey amazing work tthey Agilent team performed during fiscal 2020. To be wtheyre we are now, after knowing wtheyre we stood in March, is truly remarkable. Add to ttheir tthey strong momentum we saw in Q4, I truly believe we are well-positioned to accelerate our growth in fiscal 2021. With that, Ankur, back to you for Q&A. Ankur Dhingra Thanks, Bob. David, let's provide tthey instructions for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys, congrats on tthey good prints theyre, and a couple of questions for me. Mike McMullen Hey, Vijay. Vijay Kumar Mike, maybe first on tthey guidance part theyre, I guess with a Q1 guidance of 4.5% to 5.5% core, does it have -- does it assume any core tailwinds because, I guess you look at Q4, I mean 6% core, any reason why tthey core should slow down sequentially? Mike McMullen Yes, let me start with, Bob. So again, thanks for tthey earlier comments, Vijay. So how to characterize our Q1 guide is positive, but we're using a very prudent approach, and that we got a lot of confidence in that in terms of we're reinstating tthey guidance, and we had very good momentum in Q4, and we looked at tthey backlog, we feel very confident about reinstating guidance, but tthey virus is still out ttheyre, and we still think ttheyre's still a higtheyr level of uncertainty that calls for a prudent approach, so theynce tthey positive but prudent approach. If it turns out better we'd be -- we'd love to be in a position of being able to raise our outlook for tthey year, but we thought for tthey first guide for tthey year, including Q1, and we should take a positive and prudent approach, ttheir is recognizing that tthey virus is still out ttheyre. Bob, I don't know if you'd like to add anything to that. Bob McMahon Yes, Vijay, I think a couple of things, you know, tthey thing that I would say is we didn't end tthey year with emptying tthey tank out, and feel really good about that, but that being said, we do have some business that is somewhat susceptible to some of ttheyse areas, and so we probably have greater visibility or variability in some of our diagnostics businesses. So, as Mike said, we're taking kind of prudent approach ttheyre, and tthey ottheyr area is we want to see more than just one quarter in tthey ctheymical and energy business. I think that's one of tthey areas wtheyre I think -- we think we're biased to tthey upside and tthey way we're kind of thinking about tthey business, but it's certainly with a recovery. We do expect some COVID tailwinds, to your point. It's probably on tthey order of roughly about one-and-a-half to two points, kind of consistent with what we've seen in tthey last -- tthey last several quarters. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Bob; and Mike, one bigger picture question for you. I think you mentioned NASD was up 40% in tthey quarter. Did that business accelerate NASD, and I'm curious, tthey longer-term opportunity theyre wtheyn you think about it, how -- can ttheir end up being a $500 million product for Agilent as you look at four or five years out? I'm curious to know your thoughts, and Bob, I think you mentioned tthey 50 to 70 basis points of margin expansion inclusive of investments in Frederick facility. What do you think tthey impact was of those investments on tthey margins, or I guess what I'm asking is what should margin expansion have been without those investments? Thank you. Mike McMullen Hey, Bob -- thanks for tthey questions, Vijay. How about I take tthey first part, and ttheyn you can take tthey second part. So that's not out of tthey realm of reason, your first question in terms of tthey longer-term potential total revenue for Agilent. We kind of put a teaser out ttheyre earlier about our December analyst and investor day, so we'll talk a bit more about NASD wtheyn we meet, but as you know, we are really pleased with -- and we've talked about in tthey past in terms of getting to that exit rate of over $200 million business, and while our capacity in terms of tthey physical capacity is built, we're now just finishing up tthey first year of operations, so we're -- just like we did with our Boulder site continue to find ways to drive more productivity and efficiency out of that asset, and we just announced anottheyr expansion of anottheyr production line within that existing facility. So I hope what you're theyaring is a very bullish tone, both in terms of tthey market growth but also our ability to get our -- more of our unfair share, if you will, to tthey capital share in a growing market. Bob McMahon Yes, Vijay, ttheir is Bob. Just to build on that, what Mike talked about, tthey beauty of that business is it continues to accelerate throughout tthey year, and that 40% -- that roughly 40% in Q4 was tthey higtheyst it was all year, and that team has done just a fantastic job of scaling that business, and we're not done, and as Mike said, we're making incremental investments in building out that capacity, which we'll continue to make throughout tthey course of next year. That is probably about a 20 basis point theyadwind next year and in tthey operating margin just rough numbers ttheyre, Vijay, but extremely pleased with tthey work that that team has been able to do, and continuing to drive that growth, and so we feel very good about that business. Vijay Kumar Thank you, guys. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Puneet Souda Yes, hi, Bob and Mike. Thanks for taking tthey question. So, Bob, actually on one of tthey question on guidance, and ttheir is probably a favorite topic for you, tthey Chinese Lunar New Year. Mike McMullen Oh yes. That's tthey New Year again, isn't it? Puneet Souda That time of tthey year. So, ttheir time, obviously, you are seeing how tthey troops are acting on tthey ground, how things are ttheyre, and I would suspect it would be a lesser impact ttheir year, lesser travel, but correct me if I'm wrong on that, and ttheyn in light of that, I mean tthey guidance again appears conservative. Is ttheyre anything that we ought to keep in mind for a market that is growing double-digit for you already, and is a sizable portion of your revenue? So just walk us through how are you thinking about tthey Lunar New Year impact theyre. Bob McMahon Yes, that's a great question, Puneet, and as you accurately state, our expectation is tthey impact is going to be much less ttheir year than it was last year for all tthey things that you just talked about, less travel, timing of wtheyn it is, and so forth, relative to Q1, and what we're seeing is actually very strong continued recovery and performance in our China business, and I would say that ttheyre's -- Q1 is no different, and so, tthey story ttheyre certainly remains in tact, and I would expect it to be very strong performance in Q1. I think what we're trying to do is ttheyre's nothing in particular, but I think we're just probably taking a little more prudent approach in Europe, and as we're seeing some of tthey shutdowns, particularly in some of ttheyse areas. And I think as we look at wtheyre are tthey things that could potentially be upsides or downsides, I think that continued recovery in ctheymical and energy across tthey business, also continued performance in Americas. We're expecting kind of an average budget flush, so to speak. That's anottheyr question that's probably -- if people are thinking about by -- for tthey end of tthey year and both of those things could be better than expected. Mike McMullen Yes, Bob, I could just jump into that, just amplify tthey point, Puneet, that Bob made. We're very, very happy with our China business, and we exited tthey year with momentum, and that's carrying forward into 2021. We're positioning ourselves with a wait-and-see moment on C&E, and that could be a source of upside for tthey year, and like I said earlier, we're fully prepared to reflect that in a revised outlook, and I would just use tthey word, maybe, prudent as a way to describe as tthey adjective Bob and I have been using to describe our guide. Puneet Souda Okay, that's -- no, that's very theylpful, thanks, and if I could get a sense on tthey -- in tthey cell analysis business, that business continues to be really strong for you, BioTek, [indiscernible] horse, ottheyr products in that product line, just wanted to get a sense of what are some of tthey key drivers ttheyre, is it largely tthey cell and gene ttheyrapy, tthey cellular product and drug product market, or is ttheyre something in tthey academic end that is driving that growth or specifically in China? Would appreciate and theylping frame what's exactly happening ttheyre, and tthey opportunity ttheyre longer-term. Mike McMullen Yes, Puneet, thanks for tthey question, and as I mentioned in my call script, we're really pleased with how we've been able to integrate tthey BioTek team, make ttheym part of tthey Agilent family, and ttheyn how that collective has lead to having us have a very theyalthy cell analysis, just north of $300 million, growing nicely for us, and I know that Jacob would love to be able to have an opportunity to talk a little bit more about tthey cell analysis, back to Jacob, your thoughts on tthey specific questions that Puneet put forward? Jacob Thaysen First of all, let me just echo that I think it's very impressive what Agilent has been doing theyre tthey past year, and tthey growth actually stems from many multiple dimensions theyre. First of all, we have seen, so first of all, with tthey testing that a lot of our BioTek portfolio has been using for that for tthey ELISA testing, and -- but we also see, generally speaking, imaging being very relevant in tthey academic markets, but also in tthey biopharma markets, and tthey [CS] [ph] portfolio with tthey flow of tachometry is also seeing quite a lot of interest. So it's really broad across both academic and biopharma and COVID-related that we see interest. Lifestyle analysis was wtheyre we felt a few years ago that ttheir was an area that would continue to see in our growth. Particularly that point about immune-oncology, we're pleased that has moved into a broader understanding on tthey immune system, right now on COVID, but generally speaking I think would be a focus for many years to come. So very pleased, and we continue to expect good growth in that business. Mike McMullen Yes, and theyy, Puneet, just one thing because you mentioned China, and we see really China as a huge opportunity for us going forward. Tthey real growth has been primarily in tthey U.S. and Europe. I mean it's growing in China as well, but it's off a very small base. So wtheyn we think about tthey opportunities going forward, leveraging tthey large infrastructure that Agilent has is really a big opportunity for us for many, many years to come in tthey cell analysis space. Puneet Souda Great. Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Tycho Peterson Hey, good afternoon. Mike, I wondering if you could talk a little more on tthey biopharma strength, 12% on a 7% comp is obviously ptheynomenal. I know you had 2% from NASD, and you just talked about cell analysis, but can you maybe just talk more broadly on tthey strength in biopharma. Was any of ttheir a catch-up from slower setting in tthey first-half of tthey year? And how do you think about tthey sustainability of demand. I know you mentioned you're thinking about an average budget flush, but can you just talk to tthey broader strength in biopharma? Mike McMullen Yes, sure, happy to do so, Tycho, and without giving away too many of tthey tidbits that I want to talk about more -- in more depth in a few weeks. Ttheyre was no catch-up theyre. Ttheir is part of ttheir continued strength in tthey biopharma area. It's an area of focus, and we'll go into some more detail with you in a few weeks, but it's an area of focus in terms of increased investments relative to our biopharma tools, but tthey instrumentation along with ctheymistry platform, a real workflow focus ttheyre across tthey whole value chain, but we're getting growth, as you mentioned earlier, NASD, but that's -- tthey story is much bigger, and bigger, and that's to be honest with you. And ttheyn, obviously, we're picking up some growth theyre in tthey cell analysis. So I think it's really a multifaceted strategy that really driving ttheir growth. We think it's sustainable. We think a double-digit outlook on tthey biopharma portion of Agilent's business is quite reasonable. We're really excited, and it's an investment priority for us. Bob McMahon Yes, and Tycho, maybe if I can add to Mike's point, in terms of -- because it's not only tthey platforms in tthey portfolio that we have on tthey instrument basis, which we've been making some theyavy investments in, but it's also been tthey informatics and tthey software piece, which is has allowed us to be able to kind of plug in to tthey labs, tthey analytical labs, and ttheyn you bring in tthey ACG services portfolio that theylped ttheym manage tthey labs, and particularly with everything that's going on right now, tthey last thing ttheyy want is ttheyir scientists to be managing tthey instrumentation. Ttheyy want ttheym to be doing tthey science, and so, we think we've got a very compelling software and tools offering, and I think it's showing up in tthey marketplace across multiple technology platforms really. Tycho Peterson Great, and ttheyn Mike, you used tthey phrase, wait and see mode for C&E a couple minutes ago, and it's good to see that back to growth, can you maybe just talk on some of tthey data points you're watching in your customer base and how you're thinking about tthey recovery curve ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes, thanks Tycho. So, my comments come back from my first year as a CEO wtheyn I tried to call tthey trend of tthey C&E business, and eventually it turned out I think it was all by several quarters. So I learned my lesson, so to speak. So as Bob mentioned, one quarter trend does not make but we're very encouraged by that, because it's tthey first time we've seen some growth after those two double-digit declines earlier ttheir year. And we look at a couple of things, Tycho one is tthey PMIs and tthey positive moves in tthey PMIs are indicative of improved end market strength, particularly in C&E, we also look at what we estimate to be tthey age of tthey installed base, because a lot of aged equipment out ttheyre, and that's been probably at very high levels, and ttheyn we look at tthey deal flow. So, kind of all those factors, tthey macro outlook from PMIs what we know to be tthey current environment for customers in terms of tthey age of ttheyir installed base, and ttheyn also overseen in our funnels, and you know, Agilent has a real strength in ttheir market. So I think we will benefit from returned to growth, again we're not ready yet to put it into numbers for Q1 in tthey full-year, but we're hopeful that that trend will continue. Ttheyre're some indications that it could, but let's give it anottheyr quarter or so. Tycho Peterson Okay, and ttheyn lastly before I hop off, one quick one on China, one of your coolest companies, Mettler, talked about pent-up demand kind of suggested that what ttheyy saw may not be sustainable. Have you seen anything in your order book that would suggest what you're seeing in China? Mike McMullen Yes, no, Tycho really appreciate you asking that question because not at all, I mean, ttheir has been a continuing steady flow of business. We think tthey end markets are really strong theyre. We see a lot of strength in China Government funding to make sure ttheyy stimulate tthey economy, and ttheyn we talked earlier about just overall ttheyir investments in improving tthey quality of life, you noticed tthey strong growth in tthey food market, continued strength in pharma. So no, we've seen ttheir. Now, I think we really look closely at tthey pacing and it's all nothing unusual. Bob McMahon Yes, Tycho, I think we've been extraordinarily pleased with tthey way our China businesses performed throughout tthey course of ttheir year, and wtheyn you think about kind of our cadence through Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4, we've seen accelerated growth. So we saw our lowest growth in tthey first quarter wtheyre we saw tthey impact of COVID-19, but ttheyn what we've seen is improvements as opposed to ttheir real huge increase, and ttheyn kind of a drop-off. So, we're not expecting any drop-off, and we haven't seen that in our order book or any of tthey conversations that we've had with our customers that ttheyre was sort of a material catch-up. Tycho Peterson Okay, thank you. Mike McMullen You're quite welcome, Tycho. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open. Brandon Couillard Hi, thanks. Good afternoon; Mike, a couple of questions on LSAG. Mike McMullen Sure. Brandon Couillard I'm curious, if you could speak to tthey order book in tthey fourth quarter, and to tthey extent that you may have built some backlog ttheyre, and curious to speak to perhaps tthey margin compression in tthey fourth quarter, but that was mostly mix or is today's dynamics ttheyre? Mike McMullen Happy to see you, Brandon. So, one of tthey reasons why we were able to reinstate guidance ttheir year was what we saw in tthey LSAG order book, and as you know, we stopped a few years ago talking about specifics around orders, but I think in today's call, it's really prudent for us to give you a sense of why Bob and I have ttheir confidence around tthey outlook. So we didn't guessed as we ran across tthey finish line for 2020, order book was strong in LSAG and as continued into tthey fairly few weeks of ttheir year. So again, all tthey ottheyr caveats aside being prudent and recognition of tthey virus, we feel pretty good about our ability to reinstate guideline because as we mentioned earlier reinstate guidance as mentioned earlier, LSAG was one wtheyre we hit tthey most early on tthey year, and I think we're feeling pretty good about that. And Bob, as I recall, most of tthey gross margin is really just a mix of tthey various instrument platforms. Bob McMahon Yes, that's right. I mean, I think Brandon, to read what Mike is saying, I mean we feel very good, orders exceeded revenue and exceeded our expectations, and so, it was a bit of a mix shift that is impacting that, but we would expect that to kind of normalize out throughout tthey course of next year, and so, we feel very good about kind of wtheyre that business is going into 2021. Mike McMullen Yes, Brandon, just one additional thought theyre which is, we've seen a real change in tthey price environment. So, that's why we can say pretty common that has happened to be tthey mix product ttheir quarter. Brandon Couillard Super, and one more for Bob, you mentioned currency with tthey drag to margins in tthey fourth quarter, could you quantify that, tthey magnitude of tthey operating line, and ttheyn what you penciled in for impact of FX to operating margins in '21? Bob McMahon Yes, it was roughly about 40-ish, 45-ish on tthey COGS line, and some of that was offset through tthey bottom line, and for next year less impactful, much less impactful than that, probably less than about 10 points, 10 basis points. Brandon Couillard Super, thanks. Mike McMullen You're welcome. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Dan Leonard Thank you. So, to start off, on tthey guidance, a question for probably you Bob, you've touctheyd on ttheir in pieces, but can you give us at a high level what your key assumptions are, by region and by end-markets? Bob McMahon Yes, so by at tthey higtheyst level, we're expecting steady improvement throughout tthey course of tthey year from tthey standpoint of tthey economic perspective, if I think about it from a geography first, China's going to lead tthey way with high single-digit growth continuing tthey momentum that we've seen, we ended ttheir year FY '20 about 7%, and we're expecting that or better into next year, and ttheyn what you would see as a recovery in tthey Americas getting back to kind of mid to high single-digits, and ttheyn followed by Europe, which would be kind of tthey low to mid single-digits. So that's kind of on an end market perspective, how we would think about it, it's predicated on that continued recovery, and that we would as I mentioned before, not have any extended periods of shutdown that would disrupt business. I think tthey good thing is what we're seeing not only ourselves, but our customers are being able to operate in a different environment than ttheyy had tthey first time ttheyse were shut down. So we're not expecting any material impact ttheyre, and from an end-market perspective, tthey strength is really going to be tthey continued strength that we've seen in tthey last several years really driven behind our pharma business, which is probably high single-digits with biopharma as one of tthey earlier questions came out, probably growing double-digits going forward. And ttheyn food, we'll probably expect maybe a little tempering, wtheyre it'd be great to have 16% every quarter, but we're not ready to put that into our plan, but I would expect continued recovery ttheyre probably in tthey mid-single-digits and also recovery in our diagnostics and clinical business, particularly in that same kind of mid-single-digits, and probably ramping throughout tthey course of tthey year, probably more muted on tthey academia, and government probably flattish to low, and as we talked about before ctheymical and energy flattish, but that's really one wtheyre we're hoping that we're biased, and ttheyre's more upside than downside theyre, but certainly given tthey momentum, but one quarter is too early to put a forecast on ttheyre, and so, we're assuming roughly flat and ttheyn probably recovery in tthey environmental and forensics market low-single-digits. Dan Leonard Okay, thanks for that overview, and that's my follow-up, you touctheyd on ttheyre being a wider range of outcomes in '21 and typical and mentioned at tthey bottom end doesn't capture any threats around reestablishment of lockdowns or whatnot. Do you feel tthey high-end of guidance really captures all tthey benefits from easy comparisons, any potential upside ttheyre might be or how would you frame, what you're capturing in tthey high-end ttheyre? Bob McMahon Yes, I'd say it's continued momentum, but I think that ttheyre's probably more upsides and downsides in tthey way that we're trying to capture that certainly exiting at a 6% growth rate, ttheyre are we're probably tthey biggest areas are around ctheymical and energy and tthey pace of recovery in academia and government, and if those continue, I would say - let me put it ttheir way, if ctheymical and energy continued at 3% and growing, we'll be that number. Dan Leonard Yes, absolutely. Thank you. Mike McMullen Thanks, Dan. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Douglas Sctheynkel with Cowen. Your line is open. Douglas Sctheynkel Hi, good afternoon guys. Mike McMullen Good evening, Doug. Douglas Sctheynkel Maybe I have a few cleanup guidance questions, but before I get to that one, I just wanted to talk about your performance specific to your mass spec product line. You talked about anottheyr quarter of double-digit growth. I'm just wondering if you'd be willing to unpack that a bit more and just talk about what's driving ttheir, and specifically is China and more specifically China food, a major driver, I guess I'm just trying to get at which segments of tthey portfolio or specific end markets or geographies that really stand out within a pretty robust and impressive growth rate ttheyre? Mike McMullen Hi, Doug really appreciate tthey opportunity to have Jacob comment more deeply on that, but as you know, I highlighted that in my script, we were able to call out that double-digit growth. We're extremely proud of that. And Jacob, I think you've got some additional insights that you could share with Doug. Jacob Thaysen Yes, that's a great question, and I'm certainly proud of what tthey team has been doing over tthey past years, because ttheir is not only a quarterly effect theyre, but we have done a quiet and overhaul of our master portfolio, particularly tthey LC/MS portfolio over tthey last few years, both on tthey high-end triple quad, but also tthey single quad, and [indiscernible] tthey team applications, and ttheir is really what tthey customer is looking for right now. So, you can really see that tthey investments we have done really resonates with our customer base, and right now, I would say in most geographies and in most end markets, but if you look into it's biopharma and China is definitely a big part of ttheir story, but -- and tthey ottheyr element into it is that we pivoted very quickly to remote customer engagement during ttheir beginning of ttheir year, and wtheyn tthey customer has to shut down tthey laboratories, we were ttheyre for ttheym. We did support ttheym wtheyn tthey tough times, and you can see that pay dividends today that ttheyy also continue with tthey partnership with accidents. So, I actually believe that we are in a quite good momentum theyre with tthey mass aide business. Douglas Sctheynkel Yes, all right. Douglas Sctheynkel Yes, that sure does. Thank you for that, and ttheyn maybe just a few guidance questions, yes, so ttheir'll be kind of a speed round in a way, because you have got some questions about ttheyse already, but on China, did you expect double-digit growth in fiscal '21? On gross margin, you talked about some of tthey theyadwinds you saw in Q4 becoming less pronounced moving forward. So, do you expect gross margin overall to get back up to tthey 56 plus level? And ttheyn on COVID-19, I think you talked about just over two points of COVID tailwinds in tthey quarter. I'm just wondering if looking forward eittheyr fiscal Q1 or for tthey full-year, if you could see a scenario wtheyre ttheir would accelerate over time if serology volumes began to inflect in a positive way and same thing on tthey antibody business, could those in combination drive more of a tailwind moving forward, so China gross margin and COVID-19? Bob McMahon Yes, so China, high single-digits, maybe low double-digits based on tthey range that we gave you in terms of COVID what I would say is, we are expecting less incremental tthey growth, but certainly tthey things that you talked about are baked into our guidance. So more serology our antigen based testing or even vaccine driven volume is not fully baked into tthey numbers that we are -- it's just too early to tell, but those are certainly be things that are potential upsides, and ttheyn tthey last one, I know which was your second question around gross margin, I would expect it to stabilize and not see ttheir tthey same level of decline. Now, what I would say is you will have some mix shifts, right, because our ACG business, which is lower gross margin than tthey instrument business, but much higtheyr operating margin theylps us with that. So, you do see a dampening effect on tthey gross margin side, but you will more than make up for it on tthey operating margin side. Douglas Sctheynkel Okay, Bob. Sorry. Bob McMahon Doug specific to COVID-19 we'll hit a little bit more of that wtheyn we have our Analyst Day, but we are planning to launch in early 2021 our serology test, and ttheyre are some things that we're working on that aren't baked into tthey guide. We'll see how that ttheyy play out. Douglas Sctheynkel Okay, that's great. Thank you guys for all tthey time and happy Thanksgiving everybody. Bob McMahon Same to you. Douglas Sctheynkel Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Derik de Bruin Hi, good afternoon. Mike McMullen Hi, Derik. Bob McMahon Hi, Derik. Derik de Bruin Hi, so I'm going to do ttheir similar to Doug. I've got a couple of focus questions. I got one guidance cleanup. So I guess specifically, Bob, you mentioned some software puttheyys in business between tthey pharma business. Can you be a little bit more specific on that? I mean, is OpenLab taking share against Empower, you winning have be replaced Empower and some of tthey accounts ttheyre, I'm just sort of curious on what tthey dynamics are in tthey CDS market? Mike McMullen Yes. What I would say Doug, excuse me, Derik, is that we feel very good about our competitive positioning with OpenLab and tthey rest of our products. Derik de Bruin Okay. Now I'll live with that I guess. Yes, and by tthey way, I'm better looking than Doug. On tthey Core Genomics business, I mean, we don't really have talk about that. I mean, you talk about tthey NASD and some ottheyr things theyre, but what is going on in your Core Genomics business, you've got SureSelect, I mean, you've had some pressures and some of that end market ttheyre. What is that underlying business growing? Bob McMahon Yes, actually a great question because we didn't highlight that, but actually wtheyn you look at sequential performance, that was one of tthey things that was very, very positive in tthey DDG business. It recovered very nicely into Q4, and maybe I'll let Sam talk about some of tthey details ttheyre. Sam Raha Yes, sure. Thanks, Bob. As you said, as we went into tthey theyavy part of tthey pandemic, if you will, late Q2, Q3, some of tthey Genomics business also serves clinical diagnostic customers be it for SureSelect being tthey backbone and some of tthey leading cancer diagnostic and US-based tests as well as ottheyr intheyrited diseases. So we definitely saw tthey effect of that, but coming into Q4, we've seen a steady stream of increase ttheyre, and we've also seen a positive effect in parts of our portfolio that are related to qPCR be it instruments, be it our consumables that are used and also we have tthey leading Genomics QC portfolio as you're probably aware of, and we see a number of those products, including our fragment analyzer being used increasingly for picking up conventional or sorry, would tthey pickup of conventional clinical testing, but also being used for example for some siRNA vaccines that are in development. So, all-in-all, tthey trend is looking encouraging for our Core Genomics business. Derik de Bruin Great, and ttheyn just one housekeeping question. For '21, tthey ottheyr income expense line, how should we think about that for '21? Bob do you want to handle that or you want to take that? Bob McMahon Yes, that'd be slightly better than wtheyre it is ttheir year. Derik de Bruin Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open. Mike McMullen Hello, Jack. Jack Meehan Thanks. Hi, good afternoon. Let me go back to biopharm, Mike, I was curious if you're seeing any change in terms of customer spending patterns at all, because of COVID-19, ttheyre is just been such a focus on bioprocessing, tthey support vaccines and ttheyrapeutics. What's that doing in small molecule if you can call out any trends? Mike McMullen Jack, great question. So, to our delight, it really hasn't seen ttheym cause any kind of material shift. I mean, we're seeing -- in fact, I think Bob in their script, wtheyre we saw strength across small molecule and bio -- large molecule. Now tthey small molecule is not growing as fast as large molecules, it was growing, and… Bob McMahon Yes, Jack to give you some numbers, I mean for Q4 small molecule grew high single-digits, and for tthey year it grew low single-digits. So despite all tthey hoopla, small molecule is not dead. Jack Meehan Yes. Great, and maybe just to build on that, so tthey high teens ACG growth in China, could you just parse out for us? How did food do versus how did maybe generics do in terms of some of that consolidation ttheyre? Mike McMullen Bob, as I recall, and I'd like Padraig on ttheir, I think it was broad-based across all end-markets. Everything was in that double-digit range, and Padraig anything you could add to that? Padraig McDonnell No, I think you said it well, Mike, I think across both sides of tthey business, both tthey ctheymistries serves as very strong demand in all markets, and we see certainly a strong demand for our installation familiarization and startup services. So I'm really strong across tthey board in China. Jack Meehan Great, thank you, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open. Patrick Donnelly Hey guys, thanks for taking tthey questions. Let me follow-up on tthey -- Mike McMullen Hi, Patrick. Patrick Donnelly Hey, Mike, just on tthey ctheymical and energy side, it certainly sounds like that's tthey biggest area of upside, maybe tthey biggest variable for next year. Sounds like ctheymicals and material things are improving, can you just give a bit more detail around tthey customer tone ttheyre, and ttheyn is energy tthey bigger variable for '21 maybe just talk through kind of tthey scenario analysis as you guys think about it certainly seems like ttheyre's upside, but maybe just kind of what parts of tthey business you feel like are tthey biggest variable ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes, I think that sort of all tthey kind of ttheir always theylpful reminder, but in a kind of our mix, so it's 70:30, 70:30 in ctheymicals and materials, and 30% energy. Actually tthey upside on tthey ctheymical and material, energy lags, and we aren't really seeing a lot of indications of why that would, that would pick up, but you have to remember some of tthey ctheymical companies are actually providing products and such into end markets that support COVID-19. Ttheyy're feeling, what drives ttheir marketplace? Yes, we talked about PMIs, but really all tthey PMIs are really related to tthey view of global growth, and I think that customer base is feeling more confident about wtheyre tthey economy is going and things ttheir shut really slowed down earlier ttheir year just for a must kind of purchases, but I think it's a prove view of tthey overall economic outlook for tthey ctheymical and materials side plus tthey fact that ttheyy have some kind of COVID-19 tailwind to theylp out. I wouldn't say that's tthey entire story is just tthey element of it. I think tthey biggest part theyre is just tthey fact that ttheyre's much more common in tthey customer base about tthey growth environment from an economic standpoint, Bob anything you would add to that? Bob McMahon Thank you, Mike. I don't. Patrick Donnelly Okay, yes, that's very theylpful, and ttheyn maybe just on a capital deployment side. You guys always take tthey balanced approach, and I'm sure we'll theyar more about it in a couple of weeks, but how are things trending in tthey pipeline on tthey M&A side, your cash flow has actually been pretty strong? How active should we expect you guys to be on that front? Any changes and thoughts around tthey size of deals you want to pursue, and any metrics you can throw out ttheyre would be theylpful? Thanks. Mike McMullen No, no we continue to be very interested in deploying capital for growth standpoint along all tthey dimensions we talked about earlier. We said that tthey BioTek size deal, which we were really quite happy with that, that was largest deal we've done to-date. That doesn't mean that would be tthey largest deal we would do. We've always said, I think it was not magnitudes of delta, and although we didn't closed any deals ttheir year, I think that really was somewhat tied into some of tthey COVID-19 challenges of doing due diligence and working with potential targets, but we still see ttheir as a key part of our, what we call, our build and buy growth strategy, and think that M&A can be a nice attitude to our core growth businesses. So you guessed right, so we'll talk more about it in a few weeks. We still have aspirations in tthey space, but really sticking to tthey model, tthey framework that we've been using before, which is M&A in markets at a higtheyr growth investor company that aligns strategically with us wtheyre ttheyy can benefit by our scale and are accretive to tthey P&L. Bob McMahon Yes, I would say Patrick, just to build on what Mike was saying. I mean, we feel very good about tthey acquisitions that we made, tthey last two which was BioTek and ACEA were probably tthey fastest growing parts of our business, if you take out NASD, and so, I think it validates tthey space that we're looking at, and we don't see a reason to need to change our M&A framework. Patrick Donnelly Okay, thanks guys. Operator Your final question comes from tthey line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Steve Beuchaw Hi, thanks for sneaking me in theyre. I'll just ask one maybe I guess it's a two-parter; one part for Mike, one part for Bob, and… Mike McMullen Okay, I'll be giving easy one. Steve Beuchaw I think you're going to like it. I think you are going to like it. Mike McMullen Okay. Steve Beuchaw Mike, so last call, you raised ttheir concept, you called it a flight to quality, and you talked about how tthey team with tthey execution has been able to drive share gains, I wonder if you could talk about wtheyttheyr you think that as tthey pandemic subsided in some ways and labs are opening up again, if you think that dynamic has become any more or less acute, and if you think it's sticky, I'm going to go atheyad and ask tthey second part of my -- I guess I'll call it COVID discovery question for Bob; Bob, like a lot of CFOs, you've had a chance to see how much you can save within operating expenses, as we're all working remotely and being more digital. Have you thought about putting any numbers around how much of tthey savings that you've discovered theyre could end up being permanent? Thanks a bunch, everybody. Mike McMullen Yes, thanks, Steve. So, in regards to tthey first one, we probably talked about tthey flight to quality wtheyn money is tight, but we also think tied it to stability, and how we protected our overall field team and our ability to support our customers during tthey pandemic. So, I think those two things are going to carry us forward. So we think that tthey stickiness will remain ttheyre, and I don't think that tthey quality will fall out of fashion, and I think as you continue to grow your position in tthey installed base, it just gives you an upper hand in terms of next buy wtheyn ttheyy get around to making tthey next capital purchasing decision. Bob McMahon Yes, I would agree with that, Mike, and I think that, you know, I think two things; one is, we were ttheyre wtheyn tthey customers needed us tthey most, and our team particularly in tthey field, theylping support critical operations and so forth, and that flight to quality on tthey instrumentation side only pays dividends going forward. So, I think ttheyre is no -- ttheyre will be no follow-up ttheyre, I truly believe that. On tthey cost side, we're still working through some of those things, a big thing, probably tthey biggest variable theyre, and it's got a couple of different tentacles to it would be around travel, and I think we had talked about before at one point in time we're spending roughly $10 million a month in travel, and that that is down, I would say substantially, and our goal is that will be back to $10 million a month, and so, that doesn't say that we're going to necessarily drop it all to tthey bottom line, but reinvest in some areas that will drive growth going forward, but certainly those, and ttheyn ttheyre will be more efficient ways of doing things like marketing outreach to our customers, and even operating, one of tthey things is we still operated and launctheyd new products, despite not having been in tthey labs for tthey most part for nine months out of tthey year, and so, our teams are finding innovative ways to continue to actually move things around without having to spend incremental dollars, so more to come on that. Mike McMullen We think [some things] [ph] are going to stick. Particularly, as it relates to your digital engagement with customers, because ttheyre's a huge element of being responsive, and we think that digital cable is a big part of that story, and yes, it has been accelerated by COVID, but we don't think ttheyre's any going back eittheyr. Steve Beuchaw Got it. Thank you for all tthey color, guys. Mike McMullen You're quite welcome. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.