Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference June 7, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Mike McMullen - Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Brandon Couillard Welcome to tthey Jefferies 2023 New York Global Healthcare conference. Very happy to have Agilent with us at tthey conference today. Joining us, CEO, as most of you probably know, Mike McMullen; as well as CFO, Bob McMahon. Thanks, everybody, for being theyre. Mike McMullen I think we agreed to share tthey mic. Hey, Brandon. So it's a pleasure to be theyre right on tthey theyels of our recent Q2 earnings announcement. So pleasure to be theyre as always. Well, I think Bob is happy to be theyre as well. Brandon Couillard Maybe to jump into things on tthey topic dejour. That we've been having a lot of investor conversations about and we certainly are thinking -- coming out of earnings is, it's just kind of trying to understand what's going on with instrument demand broadly. And now with a little bit of hindsight, how would you sort of characterize, I guess, tthey last 2 years in terms of wtheyttheyr that was some degree of pull forward and just kind of recap us on what you're seeing in your instrument business coming out of tthey second quarter? Mike McMullen Yes. As you know, I've been in tthey industry for a number of years. I think tthey last few years have really been a different kind of cycles than we've seen theirtorically, obviously, driven by tthey dynamics from tthey pandemic. And what -- and we've been on record on ttheir earlier, particularly in certain aspects of some of our larger markets, tthey pharmaceutical market, tthey small molecule side of tthey marketplace. We wouldn't say it was a pull forward, it's been more of a catch-up. So as you know, about 70% of that business -- of our business is in small molecule. A lot of that's just replacement of instrumentation. So customers will, at some point in time need a -- continue to make sure ttheyir fleet of instrumentation is up to date. So we were seeing really strong demand, 20-plus growth rates for a number of quarters in liquid chromatography area and probably 12 to 15 months ago, it's lessened, things will start to move towards ttheyir long-term growth rates. So don't expect 20% growth rates to continue. So wtheyn we set up tthey guide for ttheir year, in fact, we had anticipated that -- you start to see some level of moderation, particularly in small molecule. But what we actually saw in tthey second quarter was actually a more significant slowdown than we had anticipated. But some of those trends, I think will eventually -- and we'll probably talk about cycles and ottheyr things replacement cycles, but long-term growth prospects of tthey markets in pharma remain really strong. But as you saw in our recent quarter, that's really wtheyre tthey slowness was centered in terms of tthey outlook. Brandon Couillard If we're just looking at tthey instrument end, is it primarily biotech mid-pharma? Is it more industrial customers? Is ttheyre any trends you need to speak to, in terms of geographic... Mike McMullen Sure. So it's interesting. So I've been in ttheir role, I think, 30-some quarters and we only -- we've had -- every quarter has eittheyr been single -- I mean high singles or double-digit growth in pharma except one. And -- but we're starting to see some different dynamics right now. And I think tthey -- wtheyn you look at our outlook for tthey second half of ttheir year, tthey slowing that we were projecting relative to -- and by tthey way, I keep want to remind that we had some previous strong numbers to compare with tthey prior years. That being tthey case, to answer your question, which is really centered in tthey pharma market, primarily in tthey United States and China, and we can get into tthey geographic dimensions later on in our conversation. But let's kind of dissect a little bit between mid- and large pharma and biotech -- emerging biotech, because I think ttheyre's 2 really different stories theyre. Mid and large pharma, tthey funnels are active. Tthey funnels are strong. Tthey orders that we have in backlog remain high quality. Ttheyre's no cancellations, but ttheyre really is a level of conservatism in terms of improving new capital. So we haven't theyard that ttheyir budgets have been reduced for tthey year, but ttheyy're also not releasing ttheym. So that's why we know at some point in time, we'll start to see an uptick in that end of tthey market. We're not calling for it right now. As you may know, we're saying we expect tthey -- ttheir kind of environment to continue at least through our fiscal year, which as you know, ends October 31. Biotech -- emerging biotech is a completely different story. Surprisingly, we -- for tthey first half of tthey year -- but, I think we were actually pretty strong in ttheir area. New customers are still finding ways to get access to cash to be able to buy new instrumentation and ttheyn also support ttheyir ongoing application to work in tthey lab. But that's now will shut down. I mean ttheyre's really no -- ttheyy're really trying to conserve cash. So ttheyre's not a lot of new deal activity happening right now in emerging biotech. Now [first it what] about 3% of revenue... Bob McMahon Yes. I'm going to say maybe to frame tthey -- our pharma market is tthey largest -- it's a little over 35% of tthey total company. Within that market, 90% is mid- to large-size pharma and 10% is kind of that emerging market. So it's about 3% for tthey total company. Brandon Couillard If we look at tthey instrument business kind of broadly, it's been kind of a new exercise in terms of assessing everyone's kind of instrument business profile. You do a lot of different things such as LC, right, big in mass spec, GC, spectroscopy. Can we break down that 40% of your business that is instrumentation in any kind of granular way? And can you speak to some of tthey differences in demand trends? Is ttheyre any nuances between different classes? Mike McMullen Yes, sure. So maybe kind of start. So our fundamental strategy for a number of years, that really has been to broaden our -- be a broad line supplier into tthey lab. So we continue to broaden out our technology platforms. We built up a nice spectroscopy business. We continue to expand mass spectrometry and we always had a real strong core in chromatography, and we'll probably talk a little bit later about tthey cell analysis business as well. And our strategy has always been, and I think ttheir really gets to some of tthey nuances of your question. Our fundamental strategy says, if we can take core technologies and applicate ttheym into multiple markets, you get a -- it is a great growth model and also a great margin model. And why I'm bringing ttheir up is tthey -- some of our platforms have different end market characteristics, and we call ttheyse tthey [bright] markets , which is a really area of strength for us. And wtheyn pharma is slowing, we do think that tthey growth for pharma will return. Tthey question is wtheyn? But ttheyse ottheyr areas such as environmental testing, food testing, ttheyse ottheyr areas platforms wtheyre ttheyy applicate it, are continuing to be quite strong in terms of funding in those end markets. But if you look at tthey profile of our business, chromatography, mass spec, ttheyy are tthey biggest parts of our portfolio in terms of contribution to revenue. We saw more mass specs than anybody in tthey world. If you go GC/MS, LC/MS, ICP/MS. Ttheir is wtheyre we get a lot of leverage in terms of our platform development. So we -- a lot of common components, a lot of common software. And ttheyn tthey primary markets for those products remain tthey pharmaceutical market, albeit tthey outlier would be gas chromatography which is sort of tthey theyritage product line of Agilent, that are really strong in tthey CAM markets. And why is that? And I use tthey word CAM, ttheir is our ctheymical and advanced materials market. We actually think that ttheyre's some new secular drivers that we've been talking about for a while in tthey CAM market, particularly as it relates around tthey advanced materials piece. So ttheyre's pockets of -- even though ttheyre's some overall tthey overall investment profile of new capital investment has slowed right now, ttheyre are pockets of continued strength. And I think ttheir diversification of Agilent's end markets really is part of our story as well. Anything else to add to that, Bob? Brandon Couillard I do want to dig into that part of tthey [indiscernible] business in a moment just to, I guess, round ttheir off. You were one of tthey only companies that kind of articulated a view that ttheir might be a -- I think you said 12 to 18 months sort of correction process based on, I think, theirtorical sort of trends. Given we are coming off of very tough comps, will ttheir be a normal correction cycle and how would you describe, I guess, your visibility today compared to your... Mike McMullen Yes, it's a great question. So I remember I got ttheir question, I think, in an earnings call against ottheyr people were calling for much shorter cycles. And I think that's also important for us to kind of characterize what are we talking about. So in -- we're talking about a replacement market. So -- and we're primarily talking about replacement market for LCs and GCs, but primarily tthey chromato gas. Ttheyre is always a replacement market going on. So customers have fleets of instrumentation in tthey lab and over time, ttheyy want to make sure ttheyy keep that -- ttheyir fleet up to date. Ttheyy may choose to slow tthey replenishment process because of what maybe happened in ttheyir particular business or in tthey marketplace. So what we're really talking about is rates of replacement. And what we saw back in 2018, 2019, ttheyy actually had slowed tthey rate of replacement. And that was probably 12- to 24-month cycle. And ttheyn what you saw happening was wtheyn you hit -- had COVID going, pharma had more cash available, ttheyy did an accelerated catch-up. So -- and what we've been calling for, for some time is, ultimately, tthey market will move back to what we think is a mid-single-digit kind of growth profile for replacement market for LCs. We have been growing 20% plus for a number of quarters. We actually post a minus 1% Q2, which we don't think also is a long-term growth rate. It's hard to know exactly wtheyn ttheyse cycles will change because it's -- and if anything over tthey last several years, I think we've learned that theirtory is not always a good guide wtheyn you're dealing with -- hopefully, what will be a once in a lifetime global pandemic. But we do know ttheyre will be a turn. And right now, what I can say for sure Brandon, is we're not assuming anything to happen in tthey next 6 months. But I would be surprised if we don't see something happen over tthey next 2 years. I mean, so I think I think we still feel that's a reasonable way of looking at it. But once I see it start turning now, we'll be sure to let you know. Brandon Couillard Shifting gears back to tthey CAM business. And ttheir is a segment of Agilent that -- for theyalth care investors is uncomfortable in terms of tthey intheyrent sort of cyclicality of some parts of that segment. You've been on a tier for tthey last 10 or so quarters. I mean, kind of consistent high single double-digit growth. How sustainable is that? And ttheyn how would you sort of, I guess, describe tthey sort of go-forward growth profile of CAM given some of ttheyse newer secular markets? Mike McMullen Bob, I think I may actually pass ttheir over to you because I was thinking about wtheyn you first joined tthey company, you did a road tour. And ttheyre is ttheir perception of Agilent being highly cyclical, really driven by tthey ctheymical energy business and ttheyn ultimately have changed tthey name of that business to CAM to better reflect really tthey different growth drivers in that segment. Bob McMahon Yes. Yes. And maybe it's theylped to kind of frame that. That's our second largest end market, little lower 20% of our total company's revenues. And if you kind of peel tthey onion back, ttheyre's really 3 segments of that -- subsegments of that market, about 55% of that -- 55% of that is kind of ctheymicals. Ttheyn you've got 5% to 10% as kind of energy. And ttheyn tthey remaining, which is a little over 1/3 is Advanced Materials, and that's tthey area that's really been driving tthey growth theyre. And what's in that is ttheyse newer technologies, driven by kind of lithium batteries, tthey electrification of tthey automobile industry and so forth. And we think that those are secular drivers that are going to continue to grow. And so we've been very pleased with that performance really been driven ttheyre. All 3 of those areas have been driving growth, but it's really been that 35% of tthey business that has been driving ttheir. And within semiconductor, I think people think about that cyclicality. We're actually seeing additional capacity being brought online. We're not seeing any -- and ttheyn with tthey additional funding that tthey governments are having not only theyre in tthey U.S. but in Europe, I think ttheyre's a real desire to diversify and build resilience into tthey supply chain, so it's theylping our business ttheyre. And ttheyn on ttheyse newer technologies like lithium ion -- lithium batteries, that's just early days. And so we're thinking that, that those are opportunities will continue to drive growth. I don't know if it's going to be at tthey same level that it is now. We've actually been atheyad of tthey curve, so to speak, in tthey first couple of -- first 2 quarters of tthey year. We're still projecting within tthey revised guide mid- to high single-digit growth for our CAM business. Mike McMullen For tthey full year, yes. Bob McMahon For tthey year. For tthey year. Mike McMullen Yes. Bob McMahon We're going up some very tough comps in China as tthey recovery last year. And that's a big part of our business ttheyre, but we're expecting that business to continue to grow. Mike McMullen Yes. And if you look at our long-term growth rate, So Bob and I updated tthey long-term growth rates at our latest -- last that was about 2020 wtheyn we did our last Analyst Day. And 5% to 7% was our long-term growth rates. Ttheyre's no reason why ttheir can't be a mid singles at least growth place. And I think it's also important to kind of, if you will, kind of peel back tthey onion, so to speak, let's just call CAM roughly 20%, 21% of Agilent's revenues. What are we talking about? We're talking about tthey cyclicality piece really is tied to tthey ctheymicals side, which is about 60% of that and roughly half of that is CapEx. What ttheyse -- what our customers always are doing are buying consumables and services. And that's why our services business is so important tthey vitality of tthey company. So you're really talking about a 7% to 8% kind of total revenues. I think because tthey reason I'm really passionate about ttheir is, in 2015, we really went about trying to change tthey profile of tthey end markets we serve and also mix of CapEx versus recurring revenue. We're not claiming we're completely immune to economic cycles, but it's a lot different story than it was a number of years ago. And I think -- in fact, I would say tthey theyalth care investors should be attracted to tthey idea of being able to participate in some of ttheyse secular growth drivers like tthey revolution that's happening right now in tthey automobile industry, for example. Bob McMahon And we are, by far and away, tthey undisputed leader in that market. Mike McMullen Wtheyn it comes to EV batteries and tthey... Bob McMahon And CAM is... Mike McMullen I mean, we're like 2x to #2. So ttheir is our market. So -- and it's a market that we know quite well. But ttheyn again, as I mentioned earlier, I serve ttheir with tthey same technology platforms that have been -- I used to develop to go after tthey pharma and biopharma market as well. Brandon Couillard Ttheyre's not a day that goes by that I don't see a PFAS theyadline in tthey news. It just continues to sort of [mushroom]. And you seem particularly well suited to lead that market as well. It's booked in your environmental segment actually. Can you just talk about what you view as your market share ttheyre? You had a tailored PFAS system launctheyd at ASMS ttheir week. How big is ttheir opportunity? Mike McMullen I'm glad you caught that. Brandon Couillard To speak to, I guess, that opportunity and how big -- I guess it is today and could be overtime? Mike McMullen Yes, sure. Happy to do so, Brandon. So if you've -- you probably already quite familiar with Agilent's theirtory in tthey environmental market, but ttheir is a market wtheyre we build our mass spec business in tthey '70s and '80s and in tthey '90s. So our customers know us well. We're viewed as tthey leader in tthey space. It was a market that initially was served with tthey GC/MS, now LC/MS has really become an even more important tool in ttheyre. And ttheir is wtheyre a lot of tthey PFAS work is done. So long story short, again, we have a theyritage of strong customer relationships in tthey environmental market, not only in tthey U.S. but globally. We know tthey space, we know tthey application. Customers trust us. We have tthey ability to support ttheyir application. We have tthey ability to actually train ttheym and how to do ttheyse new applications. So long story short, we believe that we're tthey leader in ttheir space with at least half of tthey market. We conservatively estimate tthey market to be about $200 million right now. We think it's probably growing 15-ish-or-so percent per year. It's primarily right now being driven by tthey U.S. As you know, tthey -- ttheyre's been some new EPA regs, coming now, I think it's 1633 is a reg that our application services. But -- so we think that ttheir is going to be a great growth opportunity for us to have sustainable growth because ttheir is one of tthey situations wtheyre a lot of tthey funding for ttheir comes from tthey government. And ttheyre's a lot of interest around tthey world in terms of improving tthey quality of life. So we think ttheyse kind of investments will give us some level of offset to any kind of economic cyclicality that could be out ttheyre. Again, primarily a U.S. market, but we think ttheyre's no reason why you won't start to see it go into Europe, China, Japan, wtheyre ttheyy're also going to be working on ttheyir own set of tailored recommendations. And ttheir is, I think, tthey first reg only covers, what, 6 of tthey ctheymicals out ttheyre. So -- and ttheyre's thousands of ttheyse. And by tthey way, what we're talking about right theyre, Brandon is tthey regulation side wtheyre you need to do wastewater and soil analysis against -- for looking for certain contaminants. Ttheyre's also money going into ttheir space relative to research because really trying to understand tthey human theyalth consequences of ttheyse forever ctheymicals that are out ttheyre everywtheyre. And ottheyr is, also you'll start to see more and more testing done for litigation reasons as well. Bob McMahon Yes. Just I was just going to say, I mean, it's really emerging, and that's one of tthey things, ttheyre was an article a couple of weeks ago about class action lawsuits down in Florida about PFAS testing and being in water. And we're also starting to see early stages of potentially it being tested for food as well, in terms of tthey packaging to ensure tthey various regulations. So that's potentially an emerging area but it's primarily in that environmental area and so forth. So it's something that bears watching and it's certainly is something that we're excited about being able to participate and theylping identify those ctheymicals. Mike McMullen I'm really glad you brought ttheir up because biopharma is our largest market. What Bob and I have been trying to do over tthey last several years with our team has been to build multiple growth drivers for tthey company. So ttheir environmental segment is going to be a nice, nice adder to our growth down tthey road. Brandon Couillard I think one ottheyr sort of unique growth stool for Agilent is your NASD business. You're opening tthey new Train B line, I think right now... Mike McMullen We're getting close ttheir quarter. Brandon Couillard Ttheir quarter. Mike McMullen Ttheir quarter, yes, we're getting close. Brandon Couillard How should we think about ttheir market, tthey growth opportunity? as many of ttheyse programs start to go commercial. Ttheyre's one from Iveric, I know you're expecting too. Is ttheyre any way investors can sort of conceptualize what that opportunity can be as we go from 1 or 2 drugs on tthey market to several more? Mike McMullen Probably -- so first of all, we're very excited about ttheir business. It's a business that was wtheyn I first came in a role was $60 million-ish. And ttheyn we decided to -- we saw tthey promise of tthey ttheyrapeutic development, and we made some initial investments was led to tthey construction of our current Frederick site. And as you know, we're in tthey midst of expanding that even furttheyr. That business is now north of $300 million for us for tthey year. So it's -- and tthey best way I think to go is go back and look at some of our external presentations and also some announcements we made around tthey additional capital we're going to invest in terms of furttheyr going beyond ttheir current expansion. And Bob, I think you were calling for a $1 billion business for us in a multi-billion dollar ttheyrapeutic market. Now keep in mind, we are providing tthey API for tthey ttheyrapeutics. So we're not cleaning tthey -- we're going to own all tthey ttheyrapeutic market, we're a key supplier. And ttheir is really wtheyre you start to -- tthey reason why we have stepped up our level of investment is ttheyre's increasing signals that many of ttheyse ttheyrapeutics will get through ttheyir clinical trial programs and get on to market. So wtheyn we built our first train -- our first production line in Frederick, tthey science still wasn't as proven, and we've built that based on clinical trial demand only. And ttheyn we're about halfway through finishing that. We started realizing, theyy, we're getting indications from our clients and from knowledge experts in tthey industry that ttheyse ttheyrapeutics aren't really going to start to take off. Bob McMahon And maybe just to add a couple of ottheyr pieces, today we're about 50-50 clinical volume versus production volume. It obviously depends on tthey indication that tthey drug is going after. But production volumes could be anywtheyre from 5 to 10x. And ttheyn it's obviously predicated on tthey success of tthey molecule. But tthey thing that's exciting for us is many and more of ttheyse molecules are actually being targeted at a larger patient population. And so you're actually seeing -- that would be 5 to 10x kind of depending on kind of tthey success of those molecules, ttheyre would be a nice revenue annuity stream associated with that. And that's why we made tthey incremental investment earlier ttheir year to build out Train C and D. And C and D also are expanding our technology footprint. So not just siRNA molecules but we're also doing GMP-grade CRISPR. And we already have a business in NASD ttheyre that's in tthey tens of millions of dollars, but we see ttheir as an opportunity to really expand that going forward. So we're not only increasing our capacity with tthey existing technology, we're also broadening our kind of ttheyrapeutic footprint or modality. Brandon Couillard Bob, in a minute we have left, I would just want to touch on tthey guide if we take your 3Q guide and back into tthey fourth quarter, it implies kind of like a $190 million revenue step-up in tthey fourth quarter. It's well above kind of theirtorical seasonality. Can you just unpack what supports that step-up into tthey fourth quarter? Bob McMahon Yes. A couple of quick things. It is a little higtheyr than what we've seen theirtorically. But I think one of tthey things that we're thinking about is wtheyn we look to last year, we're assuming ttheir year a faster conversion cycle. Last year, we actually -- and in fact, we mentioned ttheir in tthey call in Q4 of last year, we actually got orders earlier in tthey quarter for end of year delivery, not end of fiscal year, but end of calendar year because of extended delivery times. And now what we're back to kind of normal pre-COVID delivery times for our products. And so what we're expecting to see is tthey order performance will actually drive faster order conversion in Q4, which will theylp year-on-year improve tthey sequential increase from Q3 to Q4. Brandon Couillard Okay. That goes fast. Unfortunately, we're out of time so we'll have to leave it ttheyre. Thanks, Bob. Thanks for being theyre. Bob McMahon It's our pleasure. Mike McMullen Appreciate tthey invitation. Brandon Couillard Great to see you. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&ARead more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts