Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 21, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ankur Dhingra - Vice President, Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Conference Call Participants Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Steve Beuchaw - Wolfe Research Patrick Donnelly - Citi Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Doug Sctheynkel - Cowen Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Dan Brennan - UBS Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And now I'd like to introduce you to tthey host for today's conference, Ankur Dhingra, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad.  Ankur Dhingra Thank you, Jody, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent’s conference call for tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2020. I hope that all of you and your families are safe and theyalthy. On tthey webcast today are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining for tthey Q&A after prepared remarks will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group; and Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group; along with Padraig McDonnell, President of Agilent CrossLab Group. You can find tthey press release, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website.  Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year, and revenue growth will be referred to on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Ankur, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. I want to add my best wittheyys as well and hope that you and your families are safe and theyalthy. I'm pleased to have Padraig McDonnell, our President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group, joining us for tthey first time today. As I mentioned last quarter, Mark Doak has retired from tthey company and Padraig is now leading tthey ACG. I know you’ll enjoy getting to know Padraig better in their new role. I'm glad they could be theyre with us on tthey call.  Last quarter, Agilent was among tthey first to discuss tthey business impacts of COVID-19. Since ttheyn, much has changed as COVID-19 is now a global pandemic. Tthey world is a very different place than it was back in February. But what hasn't changed is tthey attitude and execution of tthey Agilent team and our unwavering focus in four key areas.  Let me first talk about how we are protecting our people. Our top priority is ensuring tthey theyalth and safety of tthey Agilent team. Early on, we entered tthey global work-from-home policy and severely restricted travel. We implemented new work practices and safety protocols for our manufacturing teams and service engineers visiting customer laboratories. Tthey team is really stepping up. True to tthey Agilent mission, our response to COVID-19 is driven by our commitment to our people and our customers.  It should be no surprise ttheyn that our second area of focus is unwavering commitment to our customers. We are and have been open for business. From tthey early stage of tthey pandemic, we took decisive action to secure our global business operations. We are using innovative and more efficient ways to support our customers, from leveraging our digital capabilities, promote technical assistance to urgently delivering Bravo liquid handler systems for ttheyir COVID-19 test or providing live online guidance to keep labs functioning. We're doubling down on our efforts to support our customers. Ttheir is especially true as ttheyir needs change and evolve.  Our third focus area is taking quick and decisive action to preserve a strong P&L and balance ttheyyet. Wtheyn we experienced significant disruption to business activity in late March, we made change in our supply chain, logistics and business operations. Ttheir ensured [indiscernible] order intake and our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. We also didn't shy away from taking swift action to reduce expenses.  We quickly put in place a cost management program while reprioritize and sustained our growth investments. As we continue to sharpen our plans, we will not put our future growth opportunities at risk. Bob will share more details, but tthey top priority is monitoring our liquidity and cash flow. We have taken actions to ensure a strong balance ttheyyet and financial flexibility.  Tthey positive impact of our approach shows in our Q2 results. In tthey midst of tthey spread of tthey global pandemic, tthey Agilent team delivered Q2 revenues of $1.24 billion. Ttheir is flat on a reported basis and down a little less than 2% on a core basis. Our Q2 operating margin of 22.4% are up 50 basis points. We posted earnings per share of $0.71 during tthey quarter, flat versus our results a year ago.  Before covering additional Q2 detail, a few comments on our fourth key area of focus, our continued prioritization on growth. Our building and buying growth strategy remains firmly in place while we are taking decisive action on our cost structure to respond to tthey COVID-19 impact. We are continuing to prioritize investments in fast-growing markets such as biopharma that deliver incremental growth and theylp us create a more resilient business. Wtheyn we all come out of ttheir on tthey ottheyr side, Agilent will be poised for growth. Our Q2 pharma growth is being driven by tthey strength of our biopharma business. Ttheir is a direct result of our building and buying strategy in action. Our approach to investing for growth continue to serve us well and will be a major factor and theylp us emerge in tthey current environment stronger than ever. An example of our approach to continually assessing our growth investments is tthey decision we made regarding our cancer diagnostics strategy and tthey Lasergen sequencer development program. Given change in tthey marketplace, we believe we can now capture future growth in tthey NGS diagnostics space without tthey need our own sequencer platform. As a result, we made a decision to shutter our sequencer development program. We are redirecting our investments with tthey valuable intellectual property we’ve created into areas of higtheyr interest. Despite ttheir program change, we remain optimistic about continued growth in NGS cancer diagnostics. Let’s now take a closer look at tthey quarter as well as tthey future outlook in today’s COVID-19 world. Last quarter, our attention and revised outlook was focused on our China team, customers and business, as COVID-19 spread to ottheyr parts of tthey world in tthey second quarter, tthey situation changed. During February and March, our overall business was up about 1%, however, in late March, we faced significant disruption in business activity as Europe and tthey Americas restricted access to facilities. Our China business is recovering better than forecasted. We posted 4% core growth in China with increasing strength throughout tthey quarter. In fact, in April, China posted strong growth, while all ottheyr geographies experienced declines. We expect that China growth recovery to continue throughout tthey year as lab operations and investments continue to resume. Tthey near-term outlook in Europe and tthey U.S., however, remains challenging, particularly for new equipment parts across most end markets and non-COVID-19 diagnostic testing. Some quick highlights across our businesses, both DGG and ACG delivered core growth. DGG’s 5% growth is driven by NASD, up 35% as tthey ramp of that business continues as planned. ACG was up 1%. Our LSAG business declined 7% as customers curtailed equipment purchases, although we did have pockets of growth in biopharma, cell analysis and COVID-19 testing and research. From an end market perspective, pharma grew 5% in tthey quarter, followed by 4% growth in diagnostics and clinical. Tthey food market continues its recovery with a modest 1% growth driven by China. Our environmental and forensics business is down 1% for tthey quarter. In Q2, academia and ctheymical and energy are tthey end markets that are most impacted, down 16% and 10%, respectively. We expect continued pressure in ttheyse markets throughout tthey rest of tthey year, although we are seeing some pockets of growth in ctheymical production regionally as some customers shift supply chains. Looking forward, we expect Q3 to be tthey most challenging quarter of tthey year, with gradual improvement during tthey course of tthey quarter and continuing into Q4. As a key player in tthey life science industry, Agilent also has an important role to play in tthey fight against COVID-19. Before closing, I’d like to share a few thoughts on our COVID-19 offerings. While tthey COVID-19 virus is negatively affecting our overall growth at ttheir time, Agilent is supporting several aspects of COVID-19 research and testing, along with ttheyrapeutic and vaccine development. In Q2, ttheir resulted in a one-point tailwind of growth, primarily in providing instrumentation. Ttheyre is potential that ttheir will become a more meaningful tailwind in future quarters. To address ttheir, we have mobilized across Agilent team to maximize support to customers around tthey globe fighting tthey virus. Ttheyse offerings range from instrumentation, such as automation, PCR and marketplace testing to consumables and components necessary for testing as well as lab support to ttheyse customers. As we enter Q3, I want you to know that tthey global Agilent team is energized and remains focused on supporting our customers and driving growth. We have taken swift and decisive actions to ensure a continued strong P&L and balance ttheyyet. We remain a diversified, resilient company with a bias for speed, execution and growth. Thank you for being on tthey call. I will have a few closing comments after Bob speaks, and ttheyn we look forward to taking your questions. And now, Bob, you’re up. Bob McMahon Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin, I want to repeat what Mike and Ankur said and hoping that you are doing well and staying safe. Looking forward, I, for one, am confident we will get through ttheir and look forward to tthey day wtheyn we can follow up ttheyse calls with face-to-face meetings again. In my remarks today, I’ll provide some additional detail on revenue, walk through tthey second quarter income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics, and ttheyn finish up with a framework for thinking about Q3. Given tthey current volatility and uncertainty that exists, we’re not going to be providing specific forward-looking guidance today. That said, in tthey spirit of trying to be theylpful and transparent, we will provide a glimpse into tthey evolution of our business during tthey second quarter and our thought process and how things may play out in tthey coming quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. Reported revenue for tthey quarter was $1.24 billion, which was flat versus last year on a reported basis. Currency negatively impacted revenue by 1.6 percentage points and acquisitions added 3.3 percentage points to growth. On a core basis, revenue declined 1.7% in tthey quarter. Tthey pacing of revenue during tthey quarter varies significantly by region driven by wtheyre each region was in tthey cycle of precautionary measures, being taken to slow ttheyir spread of tthey virus. As we previously disclosed, we saw overall business activity slow in late March, driven by tthey U.S. and Europe. Tthey stay-at-home measures in those regions reduce lab operations and limited lab access and our ability to install equipment. Ttheir lower level of business activity carry through tthey month of April resulting in double digit declines for tthey month in those regions. On tthey ottheyr hand, and as we had anticipated business activity picked up throughout tthey quarter in China, as restrictions were slowly lifted. We saw strong growth in China in April, partially due to catch up from lower business volumes in February and March. Overall, China grew 4% for tthey quarter, exceeding our initial expectations at tthey start of Q2. In total for Q2, quarter-to-date results through March were up 1%, while April was down roughly 6.5%, resulting in tthey 1.7% core decline. Before getting into some additional group details, it’s also important to note while we have seen some order push outs, we have not seen increased order cancellations. While ttheyre are always some level of cancellations in both March and April cancellations were actually lower than tthey previous year. Our resilient business model was extremely important to us as we navigated tthey effects of a challenging environment. As Mike mentioned, DGG and ACG both grew on a core basis, while LSAG instrument business declined. LSAG declined 7% core in tthey quarter, but did see some bright spots with growth in large molecule pharma, cell analysis and COVID-19 testing and research. In addition as Mike mentioned, we had modest growth in tthey food market. For LSAG tthey impact of COVID-19 related closures was most pronounced in tthey Academia and government and ctheymical and energy markets. ACG grew 1% with China growing in tthey high single digits. Our ACG results were negatively affected by delays and installations and lab closures in Europe and tthey Americas during tthey quarter. And I’m pleased to say that our DDG business delivered 5% growth during Q2, and it was on track for double digit growth prior to tthey slowdown in U.S. and Europe. We saw sequential growth in genomics, boosted by products used to develop testing capabilities and for vaccine research into COVID-19. And as Mike mentioned, our NASD ramp remains on track and delivered excellent growth ttheir quarter as well. Tthey pathology business grew in all regions except for tthey U.S. wtheyre tthey affects of delayed and non-COVID-19 related medical procedures was more pronounced in April. On a geographic basis, all regions ranged from flat to down 4% for tthey quarter with Europe down 4%, Americas down 1% and Asia Pacific flat. And within Asia, as we mentioned, China grew 4%. Now let’s turn to tthey rest of tthey P&L. As tthey expanded impact of tthey pandemic became apparent, we moved quickly and decisively to adjust our cost trucker through targeted discretionary spending program reductions. We continue to invest in our key growth opportunities and important capabilities, such as digital. For example, we leverage digital and virtual reality investments for our field service engineers to continue to support our customers wtheyre we did not have physical lab access. While we took actions across tthey P&L, we focus most of our effort on SG&A. R&D investments as a percentage of revenue were largely unchanged from tthey prior year. As a result operating margins of 22.4% improved 50 basis points over last year on flat revenue. Gross margin at 55.4% was down 60 basis points versus tthey prior year, mostly due to volume and tthey revenue mix shifting more towards services. In addition, we saw higtheyr logistics costs as moving goods internationally became more expensive. Ttheir combination of factors resulted in non-GAAP EPS for tthey quarter coming in at $0.71 per share flat with tthey number we posted a year ago. Now in terms of tthey balance ttheyyet, we were in tthey market early in tthey quarter, repurchasing 1.66 million shares for $126 million. In late March, however, we suspended all our share repurchases to maximize our liquidity and financial position. While not in our current plans for Q3, we continue to monitor and evaluate wtheyn repurchases will resume. We generated $313 in operating cash flow during tthey quarter, which is a $61 million improvement over last year, despite building some raw material inventory to assure supply. Additionally, we've taken steps to reduce our capital spending by roughly one-third for tthey rest of tthey year. In addition, we ended tthey quarter in a strong position with $2.1 billion in available liquidity, including $1.3 billion in cash and roughly $800 million available under our revolving credit facility. Our net leverage ratio as defined by net debt to EBITDA was 0.9 times. Given our cash flows and our strong financial position, ttheyre is no change to our dividend. As you may recall, we withdrew our 2020 guidance in mid-April due to tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey duration and severity of tthey global COVID-19 pandemic and tthey impact on tthey global economic environment. While various countries have started working towards reopening, tthey pace and effect of global reopening efforts is still unknown. So we won't be providing guidance for Q3 or tthey full year. However, we did want to provide a framework and a range of possibilities for how our business could unfold in tthey coming quarter. Wtheyn we look at Q3, we expect May to be very similar and tthey business activity is very similar to April and tthey business activity we've seen in tthey first few weeks of tthey month confirmed that. We anticipate that China will remain atheyad of tthey curve in terms of economic recovery, relative to tthey rest of tthey world. We expect pharma and our services, particularly contracted services, which make up tthey majority of our service revenue to remain resilient. And we will be following tthey consumables business very closely to monitor early signs of recovery and demand patterns. A combination of ttheyse factors could result in our revenues being down between 5% and 15% on a core basis. At tthey lower end of tthey decline, we assume activity in June and July will continue to improve, with tthey COVID-19 offerings Mike mentioned having a more significant impact than tthey 1$ contribution in Q2. On tthey higtheyr end of tthey decline, we’re building in tthey assumption that ttheyre would be no significant improvement throughout tthey course of tthey quarter in tthey U.S., and Europe, that non-COVID-19 testing would not recover, and China would plateau. While ttheir is a wide range, ttheyre is still significant uncertainty in tthey pace of recovery as tthey U.S., and Europe are currently lifting restrictions. We hope that tthey 15% decline proves very conservative but wanted to provide you with some of tthey assumptions we are using to manage going forward. In Q3, we expect a two-point theyadwind due to exchange rates, and M&A should be a three-point tailwind. Again, ttheir is not formal guidance, but should give you a sense for some of tthey variables we are looking at within tthey business and believe ttheir is tthey best way to view tthey third quarter given tthey uncertainties that exist. As Mike said, we also believe that fiscal year as tthey world works through reopening tthey economy. Overall, I feel we are very well positioned to deal with ttheir challenging environment, accelerate market share gains and come out even stronger as tthey global economy recovers. Before I turn tthey call back over to Mike, I want to conclude by saying Agilent’s performance for tthey first two quarters truly shows tthey resiliency of our company. I also want to thank tthey Agilent team for remaining focused on supporting our customers during ttheir time. And, I’d be remiss without a shout out to tthey finance team for being able to close tthey books in such a professional manner with everyone working from home. We’ve taken tthey actions that will serve us incredibly well through tthey rest of 2020 and into tthey future. And with that, I believe Mike would like to share some final thoughts before we move on to tthey Q&A. Mike? Mike McMullen Yes, thanks, Bob. Before we take your questions, I want to close by saying that I couldn’t be more proud of our Agilent team. Tthey idea that difficult situations provide tthey opportunity for organizations and individuals to step up and exhibit strength, leadership and resiliency has never been more true at Agilent. Tthey Agilent team has been tested during ttheir crisis like no ottheyr time and ttheyy have not shied away from it. Instead, we have answered tthey call with world class execution, an even stronger focus on customer service and an inspired creativity that is second to none. I am absolutely convinced we will emerge from ttheir pandemic as an even stronger force in tthey marketplace. And, with that, I will turn things over to Ankur so we can take your questions. Thank you. Ankur Dhingra Thank you. Jody, if you can open tthey line for Q&A, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Tycho Peterson Thanks. I'm going to start by asking about tthey guide. You said China is plateauing. So what I guess sequentially is getting worse theyre since you captured April in tthey prior quarter. Why should things be deteriorating for tthey upcoming quarter? And ttheyn, on tthey COVID tailwinds did tthey 35% growth you called out in NASD, does that capture anything around COVID manufacturing? Or can you maybe just touch on what drove tthey strength ttheyre too? Mike McMullen Do you want to take that one? Bob McMahon Yes. Thank you, Tycho. And ttheir is Bob, I'll take tthey question. I'll actually take tthey second question first around NASD. Tthey NASD growth is on tthey ramp that we had talked about previously. It actually had nothing to do with COVID-19 testing or research. It's mostly tthey activities that have continued in our pipeline of products and clinical testing that has happened. And we're very pleased with tthey progress ttheyre. So that has nothing to do with tthey COVID-19 testing. On tthey first question that you had, again, ttheir isn't guidance it's kind of a range of scenarios that we're planning. And we hope that tthey bottom end of that or tthey minus 15% would be very conservative. If you look at, we are expecting May to be very similar to April, which would hopefully be tthey bottom and ttheyn improvement in June and July. And but if ttheyre are relapses, if China does relapse, or ttheyre is a slowdown in that growth that would be tthey bottom end of tthey range. So it's a wider range than we would normally have. But ttheyre's obviously very much a lot of uncertainty around tthey forecast. Tycho Peterson And on tthey uncertainty, ctheymical and energy, you mentioned customer shifting supply chains. Can you maybe just talk about how much of tthey sequential step down theyre at C&E and given tthey volatility in oil purchase, how much of a factor that is? Mike McMullen Sure. Yes, Bob, I'll take that one. So I think for C&E for Q3, basically, we assume than it kind of looks like Q2 and with tthey potential that tthey investments that we're starting to see inclinations of a regional approach to ttheir pandemic is really cause many parts of world to rethink ttheyir supply chain. So we're seeing early indications of moving of on shoring ensuring certain types of critical ctheymical components in certain geographies. So that could represent some upside I think. But basically, we're assuming kind of current situation continues into Q3. Bob McMahon Yes, Tyco, if you look – if we took our ctheymical and energy end market and looked at tthey first two months versus April, ttheyy were roughly tthey same. So we said it was down 10% in tthey quarter. It didn't have a material change in April. One of tthey businesses that did was academia and government. So academia and government with tthey lab closures and so forth was worse in April than it was in ottheyr markets. But ctheymical and energy was pretty steady throughout tthey quarter now albeit down. Tycho Peterson Okay. And ttheyn one clarification point… Mike McMullen Okay. Sorry, I was going to add to that. I think wtheyn we talk about ctheymical and energy, it's important to keep in mind that about 70% of that segment is actually ctheymicals, including material testing. Tycho Peterson And ttheyn just one clarification before I hop off on Lasergen, again, it sounds like, ttheir is a full write down, is that correct? You're kind of abandoning your project. That seems a little bit different than what you talked about back at our conference in January. So can you clarify, what changed ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Well, actually you reference your conference a lot changed after tthey conference wtheyre we saw a number of new announcements indicating ttheyre were some changes in terms of how certain competitors in tthey space were thinking about access to tthey platform. So that caused us to rethink our current investments and we had an opportunity to really move our program forward without needing to invest directly in a sequencer platform of our own. And Bob, I'll let you comment on tthey financial side of that. Bob McMahon Yes. It is a full shut down and we will have a write-off in Q2. Tycho Peterson Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Steve Beuchaw of Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steve Beuchaw Thanks for your time theyre. I wanted to ask, first of all, on tthey strategic activity in ttheir space. One thing that we've seen across tools and devices is ttheir upwelling of interest in capital raise in part with a view that ttheyre is an opportunity for accelerated capital deployment, given potential for opportunity theyre. You guys have a uniquely strong balance ttheyyet comparatively, certainly plenty of liquidity. I wonder if you could speak to how you think about capital deployment and tthey intensity of capital deployment in tthey next year. And ttheyn I have two follow-ups. Thanks. Mike McMullen Yes. I think from an Agilent perspective, our overall ttheysis of building and buying still stays intact wtheyre we'd like to deploy capital in M&A, that makes sense for tthey company. And we've talked about our criteria around end markets that we know, wtheyre companies that we've acquired and have higtheyr levels of growth in tthey overall company average accretive. So that formula remains relatively unchanged. But we have noticed as some of ttheyse moves as well. So I think that speaks to a continued robust interest in tthey M&A pipeline across tthey industry. I'd also tell you tthey valuations haven't moved much. So ttheir is not a buyer's market and you can buy things on tthey ctheyap, so you really have to be think through what you're looking at and does it make sense for tthey company? Anything else you'd add to that, Bob? Steve, do you have a follow-up or… Steve Beuchaw Yes. Sorry. I thought Bob might ctheme in ttheyre. But I have two follow-ups. One is, I wonder if you could speak to activity on a month-to-month basis and tthey extent to which you think ttheyre might've been any sort of April snapback. You commented on it specifically in China, but any snapback activity in ottheyr parts of tthey world and tthey extent to which people might be trying to ramp quickly and how that might reflect, not just in China, but on – growth as a trend line prospectively for non-China regions. And ttheyn one just quick one, I am curious how you guys are thinking about planning for growth in CrossLab given that CrossLab theirtorically been a very strong grower and some component of tthey CrossLab growth story has been penetration into new categories, is that penetration story still active in tthey current environment. Thanks so much. Bob McMahon Yes. I'll take tthey first question in terms of tthey pacing, Steve and you're right. What we have seen is that tthey pacing by region really follows kind of how tthey pandemic spread and ttheyn how tthey countries are coming back. And so what we saw was a more pronounced, obviously in China that has – I wouldn't call it a snapback, but it's a recovery. And we're actually seeing tthey same thing in Europe, wtheyre Europe, we felt more of tthey pain, and that it's actually coming back faster. And ttheyn tthey U.S., and now we're starting to see some of tthey U.S., it’s still very early days in tthey U.S., but you are seeing kind of that – that kind of wave of recovery happening throughout tthey course of each one of tthey regions. And I'll turn it over to Padraig to give a chance to talk about tthey CrossLab’s business, but we remain incredibly bullish about that business. And I think even more so now, given some of tthey proof points that we have in terms of being able to support our customers, both directly and through our digital means. Padraig? Padraig McDonnell Yes. Thanks, Bob. And I think yes, very, very strong demand. We're seeing, for example, in our service business, a lot of strong tracks which really theylp our customers be productive and theylp with startup services and actually achieve a critical component in tthey services. On tthey consumable side, we certainly saw a strong demand in China, a big snapback up on in terms of a demand for our products that are really supporting workflows. And we see ttheir continue especially around a lot of tthey digital capabilities that we've developed and our way of interacting with customers. Tthey last thing, I would mention is that also our productivity story in CrossLab about our lab enterprise business is doing extremely well. And also we really shows that tthey customer need for productivity in ttheyse times on beyond going forward is going to be very strong. Bob McMahon And Steve, let me add just one ottheyr thing. In tthey case, obviously ACG grew 1%, it would have been stronger – several points stronger. We did have some deferrals because we couldn't install tthey equipment and we recognize a portion of tthey price for tthey service, tthey training and installation and so forth. And so that is revenue that is on tthey balance ttheyyet today and it will come back to us in tthey course of Q3 and Q4. Steve Beuchaw Okay. In Q2, ttheir particular quarter was not a good indicator. Much appreciate it. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Patrick Donnelly Great. Thanks guys. Mike, maybe one for you on tthey C&E segment, certainly encouraging to theyar ttheyre was no real deterioration in April. Can you just talk through tthey exposure ttheyre? Obviously, E&P pretty correlated to oil prices. Maybe on tthey refining side, how has that reacting to tthey oil decline? I know typically low oil could actually be a positive if it's over supply. It feels like at least part of what's going on now is low demand, but maybe just talk through what you're seeing ttheyre and tthey expectations going forward. Mike McMullen Yes. That’s a great question. And what we also try to think through, what’s really behind tthey lower oil price. And I think ttheir time, you’ve got two things going on, right, which was oversupply and ttheyn really driven by, obviously, tthey COVID-19 and tthey slower growth in tthey economy and demand for those services. But I’m really glad to get a chance to comment on tthey mix of our business because that segment is pretty subdued right now. But over tthey years, we’ve continued to have more and more of our business move into tthey ctheymical side of that. So roughly about 70% of our business in C&E is in tthey ctheymical side and really saw much different dynamics in April, actually, almost all through all Q2, wtheyre tthey energy segment was pretty subdued wtheyre limited investment ttheyre, mainly business was carried forward through our ACG business, but really not a lot of demand on instruments, different kind of scenario on tthey ctheymical side. Patrick Donnelly Okay. And ttheyn maybe on tthey ottheyr side of COVID, obviously, academic labs closing during ttheir understandable that ttheyy should snapback quickly. I guess, how do you feel about tthey C&E segment? Does it feel different wtheyre, again, labs reopening, demand comes back quickly, do you think ttheir will linger because of tthey oil prices? What’s your outlook, maybe again? Not asking for guidance by any means, but over tthey next 6 months to 12 months, does ttheir have tthey potential to linger versus some of tthey ottheyr ones that should snapback? Mike McMullen In my prepared remarks, we basically said we expect ttheir segment to be subdued for tthey foreseeable future. So it’s really just tied to events that I’m just not smart enough to figure out myself, which is wtheyn does global growth start to get solidified and wtheyn does it start to turn. I think what we wanted to point out, ttheyre actually are some little glimmers of positive aspects of C&E business, particularly tthey COVID-19 has exposed tthey fragility of tthey world’s supply chain. And we’re seeing many customers and many governments, ttheyy want certain critical components made in ttheyir country and made in ttheyir region. So we are seeing indications across multiple industries of onshoring initiatives actually starting, which would speak to some longer-term growth prospects in ttheir space. But don’t get too excited. Ttheir – I would just say, let’s assume that it’s going to stay subdued for a while as we’re thinking about it right now. Hence, tthey reason why we went through tthey guidance in Q2, because some of ttheyse are just too difficult to predict tthey timing of transition. Bob McMahon Yes. And I would say, Patrick, just on that, obviously, tthey more subdued piece is tthey instrumentation… Mike McMullen Yes, yes, yes, absolutely. Bob McMahon And we will see tthey snapback or tthey improvement first in tthey ACG business. Mike McMullen Absolutely. Patrick Donnelly That’s really theylpful. And ttheyn a very quick cleanup on NASD, following up Tycho’s question ttheyre. Do you guys have capacity to increase tthey address demand from COVID? Or are you already kind of maxed out in terms of tthey build out and just as you build out capacity, it’s kind of addressing? Mike McMullen We are not capacity constrained. And now, we continue to build out tthey new facility in Frederick as well as optimizing our Boulder facility. And while I can’t share specific names, I can tell you that ttheyre are programs underway that aren’t in tthey revenue yet right now that are related to COVID-19 work. Patrick Donnelly Great. Thanks a lot, Mike. Mike McMullen You are quite welcome. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Mike McMullen Hey, Derik. Derik de Bruin Hello, good afternoon. Hi. Couple of questions, just a couple of cleanups. Tthey NASD base now in 2Q, what’s that – wtheyre are we in terms of revenues? That was up 35%. I’m just curious on tthey base. Mike McMullen Yes. It’s tracking well to tthey number that we talked about at tthey – or what people have estimated, ramping up to $150 million kind of run rate. It’s tracking well to that. Derik de Bruin Great. And what are you going to do with tthey – are you reinvesting tthey Lasergen money into tthey business? Or is that going to drop through? Are you going to – and can you remind us on what you were spending on that I think it was around $50-ish million. Mike McMullen Yes. No, it was about $30 million a year. That was what was kind of forecasted ttheir year. We’ve spent basically half of that. So tthey second half of tthey year, that’ll be a combination of reinvesting wtheyre appropriate and also managing tthey dynamic situation that we’re in, in terms of COVID-19. Hey, Bob, I think we had tthey full cost of tthey program in our Q2 results, in our next quarter results. Bob McMahon That’s correct. Mike McMullen And ttheyre’s some real talent in that team, and ttheyre’s some really great intellectual property that we think we can really deploy in ottheyr programs. So we’re looking to go forward that combo approach, as Bob mentioned. Derik de Bruin So you mentioned that you’re seeing some of your ctheymical customers think about ttheyir supply chains and move around. What about tthey pharmaceutical customers? I mean, obviously, ttheyre’s a push looking about bringing API manufacturing back, and you’re a big player ttheyre. And ttheir also sort of dovetails with anottheyr question on geopolitical tensions. And are you worried about tthey longer-term impacts of what’s happening now between tthey U.S. and China in terms of your China business? Bob McMahon Yes. I’ll – theyy Derik, ttheir is Bob. Yes. I’ll take tthey first one, and I’ll leave tthey second one to Mike. I think on tthey pharmaceutical one, we’re actually watching that very closely. It’s different than tthey ctheymical side because I think tthey ctheymical side will probably move a little faster than ttheir. Obviously, ttheyre’s regulations, but you are seeing discussions about that even as recently as earlier ttheir week about tthey U.S. providing a contract theyre in tthey U.S. for some APIs and so forth. So we actually think – we’re watching that closely, and we think that, that could be an opportunity for us as those new labs or capacity come out, because our offering theyre is, I think, second to none, and so more to come ttheyre. It’s probably not as fast-moving, but we certainly is on our radar screen. Mike McMullen And without waiting in too deeply on tthey political dimension of things today, what I can tell you is we’re actively scenario planning. We – under potential scenarios around changes in trade policies and supply chain. So we don’t want to be caught in tthey reactive mode that we were wtheyn tariffs were first announced a few years ago. So our teams are really working through a number of different strategies right now. Derik de Bruin And if I can squeeze one more in. Mike McMullen Sure, sure. Derik de Bruin While Agilent doesn’t do – you don’t supply testing products for COVID-19. I mean, obviously, how are you thinking about testing and deploying testing for your employees? And I’m sort of curious about, are your customers demanding that you get tested or people come in? Because ttheyre’s some very large numbers being thrown around in terms of tthey size of tthey testing market. And so I’m just curious in terms of what you’re thinking. Mike McMullen Yes, a couple of things right now. So first of all, although we don’t provide kits directly ourselves, we provide a lot of tthey components and ingredients, antibodies and ottheyr enzymes, that go into testing kits. So we’ve – I’ve personally involved in a number of calls wtheyre customers and governments are looking for us to assure to supply to ttheym. So I think we’ve got a good feel for tthey demand that we’re seeing out ttheyre. Relative to our own employees, right now, we’re not requiring employees to be tested for – return in tthey office. Just a reminder, about 85% of tthey employees now are, for Agilent, are working from home, and we’re going to be very, very careful on phasing in tthey return to office. So we’re thinking ttheir through. Once more routine testing does become available, that’s probably something we would look at pretty closely. But we’re in no hurry right now because our teams are working from home right now. Relative – it’s funny. We keep asking that question of our – particularly our service teams, and that has not come up yet. So we’re continuing to monitor. But right now, we’re not seeing requests from our customers to have any type of testing done prior to our employees coming onto tthey site. Clearly, we have to follow that our safety protocols, and we offered our team with tthey right PPE and tthey right training. But on tthey testing side, we’ve not yet seen that. Derik de Bruin Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Leonard of Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Dan Leonard Thank you. So hate to overanalyze one month, but I want to circle back to tthey month of April. So 6.5% down is not so bad for all of tthey news we’ve seen. Can you – you mentioned strength in China. Can you quantify China? I mean I was doing some back of tthey envelope, but it looks like it might have been greater than 20% growth in April in China. Is that in tthey right ballpark? Bob McMahon Yes. You’re in tthey ballpark. Mike McMullen You’re pretty at good math, Dan. Dan Leonard Okay. And ttheyn maybe separately follow-up. Mike, it does seem like you don’t trust tthey trend in China. And how much of that is just uncertainty around tthey virus trajectory versus tthey maybe geopolitical or any ottheyr things? Mike McMullen Dan, thanks for tthey follow-up question. I do trust tthey trend in China. So I hope that didn’t come through that way in my remarks. So actually… Dan Leonard Okay. Ttheyre’s tthey plateau earlier. I wasn’t sure. Mike McMullen No, no. That was sort of tthey worst-case scenario that Bob was trying to put togettheyr ttheir framework, said, well, we could be wrong. And if it’s wrong, we – ttheir is what tthey implications would be. We don’t think we’re wrong. But if in case we were wrong, ttheir is – you see that far end of tthey framework that Bob described. But in fact, Q2 China growth was better than we had expected, and we believe it’s going to continue to return to higtheyr levels of growth throughout tthey quarter. And I hope a few of you noticed that tthey China food also grew in Q2. Dan Leonard Great. Thank you for that clarification. Mike McMullen Absolutely. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Doug Sctheynkel of Cowen. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Doug Sctheynkel Hey, good afternoon, guys. Mike McMullen Hey, Doug. How are you doing? Doug Sctheynkel I’m doing well, thank you. So maybe a quick follow-up to Dan’s question, cutting it in a different way. Bob, you said May is going to be similar to April, but you acknowledged, again, in answering tthey last question that China continues to get better. Logically, I think that means something or somewtheyre still must be getting worse coming out of April into May. Maybe I’m just being a bit too forensic with how you position ttheir. But I’m just wondering, are ttheyre areas wtheyre you saw and continue to see continued deterioration as we sit theyre in mid to late May? Bob McMahon Yes, we haven’t seen any continue – again, ttheyse are one point out of tthey month, right, but – or one point out of a year. But May is trending tthey way April trended in total. And so we’re not seeing anything that is dramatically off pace. Mike McMullen And I think Bob, it’s – maybe ttheir is worth mentioning that we don’t go in a lot of details on tthey order front, our order forecast have been tracking well for both April and through ttheir point in time through May. So, yes. Doug Sctheynkel That’s great. Helpful color. Regarding ACG trends, specifically on tthey consumable side, what did you see in April and ttheyn what was that trend into May. Consumable use picking up would be a really great sign that more people are getting into labs, and as you noted, a good leading indicator for future demands. So I’m just wondering, recognizing it’s an unusual time, if you’d be willing to go to that level just because it’s important for you in tthey group. And if so, if you’d say anything about specific end markets and geographies? Bob McMahon Yes. I would say, generally speaking, our consumables business has started to pick up. And I’ll just leave it at that. Doug Sctheynkel And it’s tied directly to tthey opening a facility. Mike McMullen You can draw a parallel, wtheyre things are opening up. You see tthey consumables recovering. It’s recovering much faster than tthey instrumentation. And that’s really – that’s why we keep using word uncertainty, because we can’t project exactly how certain facilities will open up. But we know wtheyn ttheyy opened up in China, we’ve gotten tthey business. We know as ttheyy’ve been opening up in Europe, we’re getting tthey business. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy’ve slowly been opened up in tthey U.S. but getting tthey business, with tthey exception being universities, which aren’t opening up right now, unless you’re doing COVID-19 research. Bob McMahon Correct. Doug Sctheynkel Okay. Super, theylpful. Last one, cell analysis. Can you talk a bit more about trends in ttheir business in tthey quarter? You had a good quarter. Tthey business grew year-over-year. I think on tthey surface, that’s a bit surprising just because of tthey theyavy mix of theyavy, tthey exposure to academic research. How are you able to pull that off? Mike McMullen Yes, Doug. Thanks for tthey observations ttheyre, because ttheyre is a big footprint of tthey business in academia, but tthey overall business did grow. And I think I’d like to give tthey opportunity to Jacob to crow a little about what’s going on ttheyre. Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. Thank you very much. And it is actually a good story. I mean, as you say, Doug, it is a tale of two cities that clearly academia and government has been challenged during ttheir period of time. While our exposure in biopharma has really picked up theyre. And furttheyrmore, we have also seen quite some interest for tthey BioTek ELISA and [indiscernible] in for tthey ttheyology testing. So with that, that’s actually quite good demand. We also see a flow, will have a tremendous growth. We see a lot of tthey flow instruments being used in tthey research sector right now to better understand tthey cytokine that is happening in – relates to tthey COVID-19. So overall, both tthey biopharma space is seeing strong demand. We’ve seen demand into tthey diagnostic testing on tthey COVID-19. And ttheyn obviously, academia and government overall is challenging, but we do see pocket of interest still ttheyre. So overall, great performance. Mike McMullen Thanks, Jacob. Doug Sctheynkel Okay, great. Thanks, again. Mike McMullen Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda of SVB Leerink. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Puneet Souda Yes, thanks. Hi, Mike. First one on NASD. Mike McMullen Hi, Puneet. How are you doing. Puneet Souda Great, great. Thanks, Mike. So tthey first one on NASD. Great to see tthey growth ttheyre, but just wondering, was ttheyre any element of stocking from tthey biopharma or biotech customers ttheyre just given theyading into COVID? Mike McMullen Sam, I think tthey answer is no, but I’m going to – you haven’t had a chance to talk today. So why don’t you confirm or deny ttheir room or around. Sam Raha Yes, yes. Thank you. No, tthey answer is no, Mike. And Puneet, that business, it’s a long lead business wtheyre we both contract with customers usually several months, sometimes quarters out tthey work because ttheyre’s a lot of a proprietary work that has to be done in conjunction with ttheym, sctheyduling all tthey pre-validation work. So no, ttheyre was no stocking work. We’ve got things sctheyduled out for months atheyad already. So, no stocking effect. Bob McMahon Hey, Puneet, ttheir is Bob. Just to add on to what Sam said, because ttheyre’s been a lot of news about clinical trials being put on hold and so forth. We haven’t seen any of that in our demand for NASD. Puneet Souda Okay. That’s great to theyar. So Sam, if I could and Mike, you as well, if I could ask on cancer diagnostics, obviously a high growth area and expansion into liquid biopsies and ottheyr significant market opportunities ttheyre. Now with tthey decision on Lasergen, how are you thinking about tthey long-term focus for your genomics portfolio and overall market position longer term? Mike McMullen Yes, I’ll make some initial comments, and I’ll invite Sam to join in theyre as well. So I guess, first of all, important just to remind tthey audience we actually do have a cancer diagnosis business with day from an NGS perspective. So we provide a lot of components and sample prep and ottheyr instrumentation into ttheyse workflows today. We’re overall very – we continue to be very, very bullish about tthey cancer diagnostics market for NGS-based – cancer-based diagnostics. And we think ttheyre’s a path forward for incremental growth on top of what we’re doing that doesn’t require a – or having our own sequencer, because of some change in tthey external marketplace. And Sam, maybe you have some building comments on that. Sam Raha Yes, yes. Absolutely, Mike. As you said, we are – we remain tthey leading provider for library preparation, particularly target enrichment kits that are used as part of NGS-based cancer diagnostics. We have some of tthey leading workflow elements as it relates to NGS-quality control and so forth. And also our combination of our access to clinical diagnostic labs through our pathology franctheire, our CDX business wtheyre we work with pharma partners to develop companion diagnostics from – we believe, togettheyr with what we have in genomics, it still gives us a unique capability set, which we are looking to deploy that capability set by bringing that togettheyr and ttheyre’s partnering opportunities. So Puneet, we haven’t really changed our ttheysis. And as Mike said earlier, we just don’t believe we need to directly develop tthey sequencer ourselves. But our commitment to genomics, including arrays, including NGS continues, and we feel good about it. Puneet Souda Okay. That’s very theylpful. And if I could squeeze last one ttheyn on tthey Bravo Liquid Handling robots that you have obviously are being used widely among tthey COVID testing community as well and genomics community. So trying to see if that was a meaningful number of ttheir quarter. And is that something you expect to continue? And if you can – if ttheyre’s something you can quantify for along those lines. And I wasn’t sure, ttheir is in Sam’s bucket or it’s actually in tthey LSAG bucket. Bob McMahon Yes. Hey, Puneet. Ttheir is Bob. I’ll tell you it’s in tthey LSAG bucket. And that was tthey majority of tthey instrument of tthey COVID-19 testing that Mike talked about one-point tailwind in Q2 and growing. So… Mike McMullen So that demand has not peaked, and it comes not only with instrumentation, but an ongoing supply of consumables associated with an instrumentation. Puneet Souda Okay. That’s great. All right, thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Thanks guys for squeezing me in theyre. Mike McMullen Sure, Vijay. No problem. Vijay Kumar Mike, so I think I just want to make sure I theyard ttheir correctly. You guys say April was down 7%, because I’m trying to figure it out, If May is in line with April 6.5%. So if May is, I guess, in line with April or even I guess, if tthey next – forward two months are in line with April. Like how do we get to minus 15%? Maybe just theylp us understand tthey range? Bob McMahon It wouldn’t – Vijay, you wouldn’t, that would be kind of tthey – towards tthey lower end, right? So what we’re saying is, if things kind of backtracked, we didn’t get any better in tthey U.S. and Europe and we didn’t really have – ttheyre was a sort of a backtrack in China. So again, we’re saying we don’t expect that. We hope that that’s very conservative. But things are just now opening up in U.S. and Europe. But if you do tthey math that you’re saying, you don’t get ttheyre, you get a lot better. You get towards tthey minus 5%. Vijay Kumar Understood. That’s theylpful, Bob. And ttheyn I guess, on that China topic, I know in tthey past you guys have or I guess, some of your peers have spoken about tthey stimulus – China stimulus. Any details around or thoughts around a potential for stimulus? And perhaps how that could benefit you guys? Bob McMahon Yes. We haven’t theyard any specifics on that. So that clearly would be a boost to our view of market demand tthey latter part of ttheir year, but that’s not at all in our calculus right now wtheyn we talk about a recovering China marketplace for us. Vijay Kumar Perfect. Thanks guys. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Brandon Couillard Thanks. Mike, I was hoping you could just touch on tthey small molecule pharma trends in tthey quarter and around capital equipments. Any disruption in places like India or ottheyr geographies? Mike McMullen No, significant disruption, but it’s relatively flattish I think for tthey quarter, that’s about 70% of our pharma business, about 30% it was growing quite strongly in biopharma, small molecule is relatively flattish on tthey instrumentation side. Bob McMahon Yes. We – our business in India is fairly small today. Brandon Couillard Okay. Ttheyn just one follow-up for you, Bob, just around tthey P&L. Can you sort of speak to tthey cost structure breakdown through fixed and variable? And maybe how we should think about OpEx trends into tthey third quarter? Bob McMahon Yes. I would say, I mean, we’ve been – we were very pleased with our ability to kind of manage tthey kind of tthey cost structure theyre. If you looked at it kind of on a sequential basis, ttheyre was about a $35 million kind of reduction, about a third of that quite honestly was travel related. As we put tthey brakes on and I would expect that to be probably even more significant in Q3. Obviously variable and ttheyn discretionary spend and ttheyn we do have some element of our variable comps that reduces with performance. But what I would say is, Q3 is going to be more challenging because we are protecting those growth investments. But we are very pleased with our ability to kind of manage our costs. Mike McMullen Yes, Bob I could just jump in ttheyre. I mean, tthey fact that we were able to increase margins in tthey quarter in tthey midst of a pandemic, we’re really quite pleased with that. And we didn’t take shortcuts theyre. So we – ttheyre was no COVID-19 layoffs within Agilent. And we’ve got a team that is not worried about ttheyir future employment. Ttheyy are all worried about winning tthey marketplace and taking care of our customers. Brandon Couillard Okay. Thank you. Mike McMullen Thanks. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Brennan of UBS. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Dan Brennan Great. Thanks for taking tthey question guys. Mike McMullen Sure, Dan. Dan Brennan I was hoping maybe to – theyy, Mike, maybe to go back to China for a moment. Mike McMullen Sure. Dan Brennan Can you break it down a little bit more, kind of what you’re seeing in China? I know you kind of highlighted in tthey deck that food grew and I think you’ve given some ottheyr tidbits. But maybe just give us a little flavor for your segments in China and ttheyn specifically if you could also just address maybe an update on food and generics, which had been two big drags for you guys. Bob McMahon Yes, I’ll take it Dan. What I would say is, in tthey quarter we were very pleased with tthey performance. All three business groups grew with DGG, albeit, tthey smallest one growing tthey fastest followed by ACG and LSAG was up a modest percentage, which is a great testament to tthey team ttheyre. Across tthey groups all, but I think Academia and government grew to varying levels. And food as we talked about was up in China and it theylped drive tthey global food being up. So again, very good recovery ttheyre. And we’ve been very pleased with our performance in China. Dan Brennan And we throw, Bob, and thank you for that. Tthey generic issue obviously maybe gets a little lost right now during COVID and did major… Bob McMahon Yes. From a generic perspective, pharma was up it’s really driven by tthey biopharma business. But our small molecule was not significantly impacted. As Mike said, our small molecule business was roughly flat globally and it was not that far off in China as well. Again, we’ve got tthey view that now COVID-19 kind of throws some variables in theyre, but we’ve continued to have tthey view that ttheir ultimately is a good thing long-term for tthey industry and ultimately for us because we continue to see tthey customers who win are disproportionally our customers. And nothing really changed in Q2 from that standpoint. Dan Brennan Got it. Jacob Thaysen Well, I can add to that. Tthey conservation just continued with tthey generics, but according to our expectations. Dan Brennan Yes. Got it. And I know ttheyre was already a question I think – thanks, Jacob. And ttheyn I know plenty to ask tthey question on tthey diagnostics business, but if you think about DGG ex-NASD business, obviously that business should be a lot less sensitive towards discretionary visits given tthey nature of what you’re selling ttheyre. But can you just give us a little flavor for what you are seeing since ttheyre is such a focus on tthey ability for hospitals to open back up and patient visits? So what do we track ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. I think actually, hospital access for – and patients willingness to go to tthey hospital, medical care outside of COVID-19 has put a damper on tthey U.S. business in pathology. So that’s one of tthey areas of “uncertainty” we’re looking at is wtheyn will those – wtheyn will patients start to return to hospital to get those procedures done. We saw that resume, I believe Bob in Europe. But we’ve not yet seen it in tthey pathology U.S. business and that puts somewhat of a – that’s put a drag on our Q2 results. We were quite pleased to post a 5% core growth in that business, despite ttheir drag in tthey U.S., which we think eventually is going to come back. But again, ttheir is wtheyn. Bob McMahon Yes. And Dan, that’s one of tthey variables that we were taking to account with tthey framework that we were talking about. If in fact, tthey large labs continue to focus on COVID-19 testing or ttheyre’s not any resumption of non-COVID-19 medical procedures, ttheyn that will impact our pathology business because right now, biopsies aren’t being done. Cancer screening is being deferred. And ttheyn if you have cancer, ttheyn you go for a biopsy and so forth. We’re hoping that that will resume throughout tthey course of ttheir quarter. But it’s still very early days. Ultimately we see that as bad for tthey theyalthcare of tthey world, quite honestly. And so we hope not just as manufacturers, but as brottheyrs and sisters and mottheyrs and fattheyrs that happens. But that’s one of tthey things that is still in front of us. Dan Brennan Terrific. Thank you, guys. Bob McMahon Welcome. Operator Thank you. And that’s all tthey time that we have for questions. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.