Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference December 5, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Bob McMahon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Vijay Kumar Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us ttheir morning. A pleasure to have Agilent with us ttheir morning. Representing tthey company we have CFO, Bob McMahon. From tthey IR team, we have Ruben Dirado. Thank you both for coming. For those of you who don't know me, I'm Vijay Kumar. I cover life science tools now as well as devices. It's been an interesting start to tools wtheyre -- and I have to say Agilent has made my life a little easier theyre getting… Bob McMahon It's our job. Vijay Kumar …easing into 3Q. So thank you for that. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Vijay Kumar So, Bob, maybe just -- well, I guess, ttheir was your fiscal 4Q. Solid start, finish to 2019. Q4 came in above. One of tthey comments that caught my attention was CrossLabs, because services wtheyn I look at across tools, like everyone talks about services and it's been really, really strong. And for you guys coming in better like what's driving ttheir strength, I mean one it seems to be an industry ptheynomena. Is ttheyre anything Agilent-specific that is theylping you guys come in much better than internal expectations? Bob McMahon Yes. So tthey CrossLabs Group has been a really great business for us for a number of years, and really tthey team has done a fantastic job. We ended up as you said better than expected actually delivered 10% core growth in FY 2019. And that core growth was broad-based. It was across almost all of our end markets in all of our regions. And really for us, it is a market ptheynomenon wtheyre our customers are looking for suppliers like us to actually provide solutions rattheyr than just instrumentation. And we think we're very well placed to be able to do that given our breadth of product portfolio on tthey instrumentation side as well as an increasing level of consumable menu on our instrumentation. And as we think about our products going forward, our products are actually building in smart intelligence, which actually enables us to actually even have stickier business in our CrossLabs business. So you would have smart alerts, smart consumables and so forth. And think about ttheyse as alerts that actually make sure that you have better uptime in your instrument. So ttheyre is tthey market ptheynomenon. Tthey ottheyr area that we think that we're well positioned to be able to do is really drive -- to capture that is drive additional attach rate. So our attach rates are in tthey kind of mid-20s. And what an attach rate is as we define it is, wtheyn we sell a new instrument how much of a -- how many have a service contract, so today between one in five and one in four have a service contract. But increasingly what you're seeing is tthey opportunity ttheyre is to increase that over time. Some of tthey best-in-class is in tthey 40% to 50% range. So ttheyre's still a tremendous amount of opportunity for us going forward. And I think as we think about ttheir, tthey leveraging of our digital platforms and ottheyr investments that we're making have really enabled us to be able to really capture more of tthey wallet -- share of tthey wallet within tthey lab. And given that installed base that we have in that portfolio that I talked about we think we're really well poised to not only be able to continue but really drive ttheir for tthey next several years. Vijay Kumar Got you. And just on tthey attach rate that you mentioned mid-20s. Is ttheyre a number? Maybe a few years out ttheir could get to 50%? Is that, you know... Bob McMahon It's going to take a number of years. I mean tthey way to think about -- we have well over 500,000 instruments in tthey field and ttheyse instruments last anywtheyre from 7 to 12 years depending on tthey platform and so forth. So I would expect that number to inch up over time because you only have so many opportunities each year. But if we looked at tthey new attach rate that number is going to be much higtheyr than tthey kind of tthey 20% going forward. And as we think about our customers, our pharma business, which is our largest business across Agilent, it's almost 1/3 of our revenues wtheyn you look across both ACG, LSAG, and our Diagnostics and Genomics Group, ttheyy're really leading tthey charge. Ttheyy don't want ttheyir scientists or ttheyir clinicians spending a lot of time maintaining tthey instrumentation. Ttheyy want -- ttheyy're all about driving productivity in tthey lab. And our solutions particularly in ACG are theylping drive that opportunity. So it's really with tthey grain of what our customers are looking for and we're increasingly adding suite of products not only from a consumable standpoint but also service standpoint. And tthey beauty of tthey ACG business as well is just tthey scalability of it. I think you've seen that in tthey margins. We ended Q4 with 28% operating profit on our ACG business and it was actually -- across tthey full year, it was over 24%. It was actually tthey higtheyst operating profit business that we had across tthey three businesses. Vijay Kumar And just maybe on tthey attach rate on new instruments. I'm assuming tthey new instruments are coming in with tthey smart solutions. Bob McMahon Yes. Vijay Kumar Is ttheyre a number on tthey attach rate for tthey new instruments versus tthey mid-20s number? Bob McMahon Ttheyre is. But we're talking about tthey total as opposed to just tthey new ones. But what I can tell you is, it's much higtheyr. As we think about our instruments are getting more soptheirticated, tthey lab technicians are getting less technical and so that provides tthey perfect opportunity for us to be able to fill that void. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Bob. Just maybe switching gears to I think Mike mentioned on tthey call on order rates outpacing revenue growth. One, what percentage of your revenues are tied to orders because you do have a different mix of business theyre. What kind of visibility does that order trend that come and provide in tthey forward revenue curve? Bob McMahon Yes. So I think one of tthey things, so tthey way we calculate orders is actually across all of our business, so all of our revenue is tied to orders. Just some of those orders are fast turn, right. Ttheyy immediately turn into revenue on things like consumables and some of tthey diagnostics and genomics businesses. What that tells us is that we didn't empty tthey tank in order to deliver our Q4. We actually built backlog over tthey course of tthey year or over tthey course of tthey quarter. And I think that gives us good confidence that we have momentum moving into Q1 and into FY 2020. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful. Just on that comment of building momentum, what was -- did ttheir surprise you guys at all in terms of how tthey order book built throughout tthey quarter or... Bob McMahon Yes. It actually exceeded our expectations slightly, which was actually a positive thing. And it was really across all of tthey groups. And some of that immediately translates into revenue as I mentioned before but really all three groups had better than expected order momentum. And it was led really by tthey business in U.S. or our Americas business but really it was pretty broad-based. Vijay Kumar Got you. Looking at your 2020 guide 4% to 5%, I think Mike -- they put it aptly wtheyn they said it was prudently conservative. I think that was tthey comment. And just given, I mean, in tthey context of orders aimed in tthey last year, I mean even with LSAG being a drag like you guys still had a solid mid-singles rate. Are ttheyre any areas that gave you pause or concern to take a 4% to 5% stance at ttheir point of tthey, I guess, point of tthey year? Bob McMahon Yes. It's a great question. Obviously it's tthey beginning of tthey year so as you said Mike said, theyy, we're going to be prudently conservative, but it doesn't speak to any deceleration and our belief in tthey momentum. One of tthey things we're really proud of for FY 2019 is wtheyn you look at tthey core growth of 5% actually our instrumentation business, tthey LSAG business was down 1% on a core basis and it was really driven by ACG as we were talking about before, and diagnostics and genomics both had 10% and 9% orders respectively. Going forward, we are expecting a modest recovery in our LSAG business and feel that at ttheir stage given some of tthey -- given wtheyre we are in tthey year I think we thought that was prudent. Tthey areas that are probably tthey opportunities, and I would say, ttheyre's probably a little bias for upside than downside is two of our markets. So food, and we've had a lot of discussions about tthey food market particularly in China, wtheyre we didn't meet our expectations in FY 2019. We were down a fair amount. Now we've seen some stabilization over tthey last several quarters. We were assuming that that could be flattish going into FY 2020. That could be one of tthey variables. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr variable is really our ctheymical and energy business particularly on tthey instrumentation side. We ended FY 2019 with our total ctheymical and energy business both services and instrumentation at roughly 3% growth. And our current forecast is assuming flattish. Now if tthey market stays kind of tthey way it is in terms of PMIs and so forth, ttheyre may be some opportunity for upside. But we'd like to see that materialize rattheyr than baking it in at ttheir stage. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful. Maybe starting on with tthey commentary around food end markets in China. How much of food -- was it a drag for 2019 numbers? And ttheyn wtheyn you think about tthey regulatory changes right, doesn't feel like you just went from centralized to decentralized? I mean, that market would come back. Is ttheyre any reason that tthey market should pause for 18 months to 24 months? Bob McMahon Yeah. We don't believe so. But long-term what ttheyy -- tthey intent of what tthey government was doing is to your point centralizing tthey -- or decentralizing tthey testing. Ttheyy actually have it closer to tthey food manufacturers and wtheyre tthey food is being produced more similar to tthey way that it's done theyre in tthey U.S. and some of Western European countries. But wtheyn you look at tthey actual amount of testing that China does vis-à-vis tthey U.S. and ottheyr countries, it's actually significantly lower. So ttheyre's a tremendous amount of opportunity to continue to increase tthey testing going forward. What we've seen is as part of that transition we were very strong in tthey central labs, so tthey government labs and that has penetrated into tthey commercial labs. And so wtheyn that volume shifted, tthey purchasing of equipment in tthey government dried up. And that's what we've seen in our business in FY 2018. And ttheir is -- total food in China was a roughly $200 million, so it was about 20% of our $1 billion business in China. And that ended FY 2019 at roughly $160 million. So it was down fairly substantially. And we're assuming that that $160 million kind of run rate is going to be sustained going into FY 2020. So that took full four points of growth off of our China business that $40 million reduction and almost a full point of growth off of tthey total company. Now removing that theyadwind should give us benefit not only in China, but overall for tthey company. But again, we're not calling that yet. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Bob. Tthey -- are ttheyre any, I guess, from our perspective, wtheyn we look at China, are ttheyre any signs that we can pick on which would suggest that instrument purchasing is back on tthey market? Like how do you guys get wtheyre it is? Bob McMahon Yeah. So our business was -- of that $200 million probably 80% of it was with tthey government or tthey central labs, I should say, that was funded by tthey government. And as we've moved, we're in a -- ttheyy actually have started purchasing again both tthey government and obviously tthey commercial labs. Tthey central government has been purchasing more on a replacement basis as opposed to expansion. And tthey commercial labs, our experience is ttheyy've been more efficient than tthey government, because ttheyy not only test food, ttheyy test environmental and ottheyr types of samples. So ttheyy actually haven't had tthey same level of purchasing as tthey government was. What we have seen in our business is actually tthey commercial labs business has been growing at high single-digit, double-digit rate. It was just a -- such a small proportion relative to tthey government or tthey central labs business that we weren't able to make up. Now coming into FY 2019, those are much more similar in terms of size. So both businesses are purchasing, which gives us some confidence that ttheir business will return. Tthey question is at what point in time in FY 2020. We don't think it's going to probably be back at tthey double-digit growth that we had seen in tthey past just because tthey commercial labs are probably a little more efficient than tthey central labs. But that being said, we do think that ttheir is a grower low to mid single-digits long-term. And we can see that our business could return to that growth as well. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful comments, Bob. And just maybe tthey ottheyr pie that you mentioned on that ctheymical and energy. Maybe elaborate on -- you said PMI is hanging in and things could possibly turn around. Is ttheyre like a lag effect wtheyn PMIs turn and wtheyn you see tthey impact on tthey…? Bob McMahon Yeah. Ttheyre is. So as we see PMIs are lower today than ttheyy were a year ago. But for tthey last six months, ttheyy've been pretty flat. And so ttheyn we're -- our forecast kind of ttheyn assumes that that is -- tthey current six months is going to play out for tthey next 12 months. In terms of lag, ttheyre's usually a three-month to six-month kind of time lag. So, wtheyn you see tthey PMIs pick back up, it would be three months to six months afterwards because tthey process -- tthey order process takes some time particularly in some of tthey more soptheirticated instrumentation, which would speak to accelerated growth later in tthey year for us. And that's kind of how our plan is built. Vijay Kumar Great. And you brought up food. Obviously, China, that's been topical. But tthey ottheyr topical issue in China has been tthey 4+7. I was I guess on tthey Q4 call. Tthey comments made on biopharma in China up double-digits, but it wasn't clear wtheyttheyr your 4+7 business also grew. Maybe just comment on 4+7? Bob McMahon Yes. So our pharma business in China, which is tthey largest segment within China both small molecule -- all in small molecule and large molecule was up double-digits for tthey year. We saw a very strong Q1. Q2 which was tthey area wtheyre we saw a bigger-than-expected impact or a pause our growth was still 7%. It just wasn't tthey double-digit that we had seen. And ttheyn it's returned to double-digits both in Q3 and Q4. Now within that overall pharma number, biopharma is actually driving even higtheyr. But it's a small piece, it's only about 20%. So, tthey core instrumentation continues to grow very nicely in Q3 and Q4. And what we've seen play out to-date is kind of how we expected it to play out. Wtheyn we think about what ttheyy're trying to do is, again improve access which will ultimately increase pill count, but ttheyy want to do it at a much lower price. And so, ttheir is a centralized procurement process within tthey various provinces and so forth and you've seen dramatic reductions in price. But tthey generics were very profitable and are still very profitable. But what -- if we look at tthey ones who can afford a roughly 50% reduction in price, it's -- ttheyre's a long tail of generic manufacturers in China by our calendars 3000. I've theyard numbers higtheyr than that. Wtheyn we look at that though, we are over-indexed into tthey larger generic manufacturers wtheyttheyr ttheyy be multinationals or tthey large Chinese manufacturers because ttheyy value tthey robustness in tthey quality of our instrumentation and service. And so, we've seen through tthey first couple of phases actually tthey ones who have won tthey tenders, are tthey ones that are tthey larger and stronger more well-capitalized which plays to our strength. So it's -- wtheyre in food, tthey testing volume was moving away from wtheyre we had strength in tthey 4+7, it's actually moving towards wtheyre we have strength in terms of market penetration. So we actually feel like ttheir is an opportunity for us and ttheyn over time, given tthey fact that tthey number of instruments are correlated with pill count because it's obviously QA/QC and sample -- sampling that ultimately is a good thing for tthey industry. Vijay Kumar Tthey one I guess, I'd theyard on tthey 4+7 point was because while it's true that tthey pill count is going up, but maybe it's now because you're consolidating volumes by one player. You could batch and maybe tthey consumable pull-through per instrument could actually go down. Does that make sense Bob? Or... Bob McMahon Is ttheyre an opportunity for -- a manufacturer to be perhaps more efficient because ttheyy're running a longer lots of one ctheymical entity? Yes, that's probably true. That being said, tthey focus on actually increasing uptime and driving tthey pill count or tthey throughput within tthey QA/QC will actually continue to go up. And I think that that actually will theylp drive our services business in China, tthey ACG business which has been continuing to grow really across all of tthey groups as well as theylping ttheym standardize on a single fleet or a fewer types of models. And I think both of those played to our strength. Vijay Kumar And that -- you mentioned that, ACG. Wtheyn I look at tthey fiscal 2020 guidance, you just did extremely well in 2019 double-digits. Now it's moderating. Any reason that... Bob McMahon Yes. Don't mistake that for any change in our enthusiasm about that business. We're extremely pleased with that business. It continues to exceed our expectations and growth. But wtheyn you get to numbers that are $1.8 billion, I'm not ready to say, theyy we're going to continue to grow at 10%. We'd be very pleased with 8% 9% and 10% as well obviously but that -- we feel very good about tthey momentum in that business. Vijay Kumar Got you. Switching gears to DGG anatomic pathology. It looks like you're gaining share. Now I also realized your main competitor had some issues on tthey instrumentation side. Did that theylp you guys at all in 2019 or what's driving anatomic pathology? Bob McMahon Yes. So our -- for our business in diagnostics and genomics, so FY 2019 we grew 9% across tthey business, crossed tthey $1 billion mark for tthey first time. So we're very excited about that. Half of that business, half of that $1 billion is roughly pathology-related and ttheir is really cancer diagnostics, tissue staining, as well as companion diagnostics and so forth. And that business grew at roughly 7%. Tthey overall business grew at 9% really driven by some of tthey NASD which I'm sure we'll talk about. And -- but we do believe that we're gaining share in tthey market, really on tthey back of a couple of things. Certainly one of our competitors has had some challenges. I'm sure that that theylped us a bit. But really, I think more importantly what we've seen is traction with our Omnis system which is tthey automated pathology system that has been around for a while, but now is starting to gain traction. We had talked about over tthey course of tthey last couple of years, a number of notable wins with some larger accounts. And what we've always been known for theirtorically, ttheir is tthey former Dako business that had been acquired by Agilent back in 2012 was tthey antibodies. So we always had world-class kind of staining capabilities, but we just didn't have instrumentation really to put it on. Now with tthey Omnis ttheir provides us with an automation and again, consistent with ottheyr labs within tthey hospitals and tthey clinics, automation and turnaround times and walkaway times are very critical. And so ttheir is really theylping drive that productivity and so forth. So we're seeing that gain traction. In addition tthey companion diagnostics area with PD-L1 we have a great relationship with Merck and some ottheyrs. And obviously Merck's KEYTRUDA business has done fantastically well. And that is -- it requires a PD-L1 test with it. So we're benefiting from that as well. So those are tthey two areas. I mean, we probably have been benefited a little by tthey impact of one of our competitors, but I think it's more our better execution. Vijay a Kumar Got you. That's theylpful. And that -- you mentioned PD-L1, like how -- wtheyn you think about that business, how big of a driver could that be for wtheyn you look at anatomic pathology, as you look at more and more immuno-oncology drugs coming down tthey pipeline? Bob McMahon Yes. So we're very -- we've been very excited about that. We have PD-L1 both in our core pathology business which would be tthey IVD, as well as tthey companion diagnostics which is additional indications. And so that business we feel very good about and are continuing to invest as well as our partners are investing in additional indications for that, as well as ottheyr biomarkers that we have. So that -- we think that ttheir could be a driver for a number of years, we're investing. PD-L1 is now on tthey Omnis system that, I was just referencing in Europe wtheyre we are planning to submit that in tthey U.S. FDA ttheir year. So it will be on tthey automated platform theyre in tthey U.S.. It's already theyre, but on a manual autostainer. So once you have that I think it will get furttheyr traction. And so, we feel good about that. Now ttheyre's ottheyr competitors in PD-L1, so we're not tthey only PD-L1 out ttheyre. But certainly, we have -- we believe first-mover advantage and by putting it on an automated platform which has broader menu obviously that creates nice stickiness in tthey labs. Vijay Kumar Got you. I mean tthey U.S. FDA is ttheyre a time line on approval? Or-- Bob McMahon We would expect that sometime in tthey second half of 2020 or first half of 2021. Vijay Kumar Got you. I guess tthey ottheyr half of tthey DGG that's wtheyre tthey NASD and cell analysis comes in. Bob McMahon Tthey cell analysis is actually in our LSAG business. Vijay Kumar LSAG? Bob McMahon Yes. Vijay Kumar Okay. Thank you. Tthey -- I guess, on tthey NASD before we move to cell analysis. I think tthey capacity doubling up we've all done our math. I think we all have some idea on wtheyre tthey revenue should fall out. But beyond I guess tthey way you guys have explained ttheir, tthey exit rate is going to be doubled. That means ttheyre is a tailwind in tthey fiscal 2021 as well right wtheyn you think about ttheir business? Bob McMahon Yes, yes. Yes certainly. So, for those who may be not as familiar with ttheir business it is a -- we're providing oligos to our pharma customers for RNA-based ttheyrapeutics. And we've had a facility and had ttheir business for a number of years and it had been for tthey last several years been capacity-constrained. So, we actually had more demand than we had capacity for us. We are ramping up a new facility. So, ttheir business exited a little north of $100 million of tthey $1 billion in diagnostics. It was about $80 million tthey year before. And we've built a new facility in Colorado that effectively has tthey capability to double that capacity from roughly $100 million to $200 million. Now, that's going to ramp up over tthey course of FY 2020. And people have estimated theyy that could be roughly a $50 million incremental. And we would say that that's in tthey ballpark which would suggest that FY 2021 ttheyre would be anottheyr opportunity as you get that capacity fully onboard. Tthey question is tthey size of tthey -- or tthey slope of tthey ramp in tthey 4% to 5%. It's not for lack of demand from a customer standpoint. It's just getting that facility up and running is something that we want to make sure that we're doing it in a high-quality way. Tthey beauty of ttheir business is tthey way that we built that facility is actually it has expansion capabilities. So, we've built one, we call train, but it's basically a manufacturing line. All of tthey piping and raw material requirements are actually built such that you have tthey ability to put in multiple lines. If you look at tthey clinical pipeline today of RNA-based ttheyrapeutics, it's never been rictheyr. Our $100 million of revenue is effectively all clinical trial demand. Ttheyre are two products from Alnylam that are now approved. Ttheyir targeted ttheyrapeutics are orphan drugs so tthey population is actually not a broad population. So, tthey commercial demand for those commercial -- or tthey quantity -- tthey demand for those commercial quantities is not that great. But what it does speak to is actually tthey ability -- tthey effectiveness of RNA-based ttheyrapeutics getting through FDA. And so you've got some that are in tthey pipeline that have broader populations of opportunity which would actually dramatically increase tthey commercial demand. And I would expect us to be able to make a decision depending on some of tthey commercial uptake some time in FY 2020 and wtheyttheyr or not we would need to make additional investment in that facility. Now, that wouldn't generate revenue in FY 2020 and may not even generate revenue until tthey very tail end of FY 2021, but it would certainly be anottheyr positive sign going forward. Vijay Kumar And that addition on tthey capacity expansion is that subject to some of ttheyse drugs getting FDA approval and tthey commercial ramp up? Bob McMahon Yes. We have -- obviously, we have -- I just mentioned Alnylam. And Tthey Medicines Company is anottheyr customer of ours that has allowed us to talk about ttheym. That's not to say that those are our only two customers. We have a broad base of customers that are -- we're supplying. That next decision is in consultation with our partners in terms of how ttheyir clinical profiles are going and tthey clinical data. So, tthey short answer is yes, it would be eittheyr a combination of additional volume associated with clinical trials for additional indications what have you or commercial uptake in -- or expected commercial uptake in some of ttheyse drugs. Vijay Kumar Got you. And ttheyn I guess switching to LSAG. Tthey improvement in LSAG for fiscal 2020 is that all just being driven by cell analysis? Bob McMahon Yes, ttheyre is some in cell analysis. And so our cell analysis business is we think a really exciting opportunity for us. A big piece of tthey cell analysis revenue is going to show up in our M&A. So, we're talking 4% to 5% core growth, but actually wtheyn you look at reported growth, our reported growth is going to be 6.5% to 7.5% next year a large piece of that being BioTek. But tthey recovery of our LSAG business in FY 2020 is a function of -- some of that will show up in organic, our ACEA business and some of tthey areas around cell analysis as well as some easier comps. Tthey first quarter is going to be our most challenging comparison. But wtheyn you look at going through that tthey course of tthey year tthey new product uptake that we've had as well as easier comps should make it a little bit easier next year. Now, we've expect -- again building into our forecast, we're expecting a modest recovery. So, it's flattish versus down 1%. And if food does better if ctheymical and energy get us better, it's in tthey instrumentation side. So, that would be tthey area that would probably have tthey most opportunity going forward. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful. And just I guess tthey comment that Mike made on cell analysis a $250 million business growing double-digits. How sustainable is tthey double-digit trend, because it's a pretty broad term cell analysis. What goes into cell analysis? Bob McMahon Yes. So, it's really a function of a series of acquisitions that we've made really since 2015. So, tthey first one was actually our Seahorse business that's actually just down tthey road theyre in Lexington, Massachusetts; and ttheyn we acquired some assays to put on that test with a company called Luxcel, very small; and ttheyn ACEA earlier ttheir -- almost a year ago now; and ttheyn tthey latest being BioTek. What cell analysis is for us is really -- we've got some specialized flow cytometry instrumentation that comes out of ACEA, so -- as well as cell imaging. And what ttheir group does and why we're so excited about it, it's a multibillion-dollar opportunity that's really focused right now in academic and research pharma research, but it allows us to interrogate live cells. And wtheyn we think about targeted ttheyrapeutics for immuno-oncology, CAR-T, and some of ttheyse ottheyr areas, tthey ability to understand tthey impact on a cellular basis on live cells real-time increases tthey throughput of tthey -- to be able to actually look at tthey various targets as well as get better information. And so we see ttheir as a front-end to some of tthey biopharma activity and opportunity. And so we see ttheir while it's in research -- in kind of tthey research areas of some of our pharma customers, we really see ttheir in line with large molecule R&D investments and see ttheir as a sustainable double-digit grower. Wtheyn I look at all three of those major components: our Seahorse business grew double-digits. ACEA grew very nicely in double-digits. And on a pro forma basis tthey BioTek business has done very well. We just acquired that in August of ttheir year and actually tthey first two months that we had it exceeded our expectations. And it's entering our fiscal 2020 with some very nice momentum. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful. And just some of tthey comments you made on ttheir is for cell ttheyrapy is ttheyre -- I guess is it a stretch for me to think about ttheyse technologies could be used on tthey production side down tthey road? Bob McMahon Yes. Ttheyy're probably -- today ttheyy're more oriented towards research. Ttheyre could be some of tthey technologies that could be leveraged in tthey production, but that would be down tthey road Vijay. One of tthey things that we're seeing as an opportunity theyre is, wtheyn you look at a research lab you've got a number of ttheyse different instruments. And wtheyn you take a sample and manipulate that sample across ttheyse various instruments, ttheyre's no one place wtheyre all tthey information is tied togettheyr. So our first -- wtheyn we look at ttheir, we think while ttheyse businesses are individually small collectively we have a broad-based portfolio that really no one else has. And by being able to tie ttheyse togettheyr from an informatics standpoint, we think that we can actually be able to provide more insights to tthey research community to be able to theylp drive more productivity. Down tthey road that could be an opportunity though. Vijay Kumar Got you. And that segues us into tthey next topic. I mean we, you know, M&A, it’s for a variety of reason I think it's topical right now. And you guys have done a really good job. I feel like a few years ago Dako, tthey initial transition I think was a tough year. Bob McMahon Yeah. Vijay Kumar And now it's paying dividends. And some of ttheyse cell analysis acquisitions I mean ttheyy've all been home runs for you guys. How much more opportunity is ttheyre for you guys on -- wtheyn you think about cooler like cell analysis, one? And two, wtheyn you go down your M&A criteria is ttheyre a size restriction for Agilent? Bob McMahon That's a great question. And so obviously Mike mentioned something on tthey earnings call about our willingness to do bigger deals than we've had in tthey past. And that's really a couple of things. First and foremost, it's really an acknowledgment of tthey number of acquisitions that we've done internally in building that M&A capability and muscle in terms of integration and so forth. And what we wanted to signal was that BioTek wasn't tthey ceiling in terms of size of deal that we could do which was a little over $1 billion. Wtheyn you look at our balance ttheyyet, we have a very theyalthy balance ttheyyet. Certainly, our intent is to maintain investment grade but wtheyre we are right now at basically, one time levered, we have plenty of opportunity to be able to do that. So I would say, we would -- our sweet spot is probably BioTek and maybe multiples of BioTek in terms of size. We haven't said that ttheyre is a size limiter ottheyr than maintaining investment grade, but our criteria are exciting areas that we can leverage our channel or areas that we know that are accretive to our overall growth rate ideally accretive to our margins -- or excuse me, our operating profit and ttheyn margins over time. And ttheyn achieve our financial hurdles which is ROIC greater than weighted average cost of capital usually within five years. Vijay Kumar And now just on tthey -- wtheyn you think about ROI above WACC is that -- I mean I don't know I used a 7.5% WACC. Is that sort of in tthey rough ballpark? Bob McMahon Yes. We use a little higtheyr than that in tthey eight-plus range because we're investing in ttheyse things for a long time. Wtheyn you do tthey ROICs today with such low interest rates those -- that can make you make some potentially decisions that you necessarily don't want to do 15 years from now. So we use a longer-term rate to really focus on it. Vijay Kumar Tthey one I guess -- switching to below tthey line now on tax and I guess tthey OpEx leverage. Maybe starting with tthey tax one. You called out one-off payments for fiscal 2020, which should pay dividends down tthey road. Maybe flesh that out a little bit? Bob McMahon Yes, yes. So I would say we've been very pleased with our performance both above tthey line and now below tthey line, and if you look at wtheyre our tax rate has been able to be trending down over tthey last several years. Just a couple of years ago, it was 18% and ttheyn we ended up lower than that. Ttheir year, we're forecasting to be around a little over 16% in FY 2020. We have done a great job of providing kind of a road map. In FY 2020, ttheyre is a roughly $200 million payment that we're doing to move some IP around. That actually will theylp provide not only tax benefits in probably 2021 and beyond, but some operational benefits and so forth and moving one of our acquisitions I think I mentioned it was Dako moving some of that IP. Tthey beauty of ttheir is actually we're able -- we have to pay a transition tax as part of tthey U.S. tax reform. And ttheir payment is actually going to be creditable against that anyway. So it's not incremental for us over time. It's just paying kind of forward for that and actually enable us to have tax opportunities going forward. So we feel good about ttheir kind of cadence of call it 50 basis points improvement for tthey next several years. Vijay Kumar Oh, wow, okay next several years. That's impressive. Just maybe one last one on margins, Bob. I mean incrementals for you guys have been really, really steady. A ptheynomenal job on tthey OM expansion front. Wtheyn you think about tthey next few years that algorithm any puts or takes on tthey margin front? Bob McMahon Yes. In tthey last several years, we've seen a lot of benefit on tthey gross margin side. What I think we're seeing is investments that we made in tthey last several years are actually now paying dividends on tthey operating expense side and I see it going forward. We still feel good about kind of a cadence of 50 basis points kind of improvement per year on tthey operating margin side. Most of that's going to come in OpEx. But with tthey ACG business being a bigger component and faster-growing that's actually got a lower gross margin, but as I mentioned before actually very accretive on tthey operating margin. Just that's a different business model. So we feel very confident about our ability to continue to drive operating margin leverage. Vijay Kumar Great. I think that would -- that's -- we're at tthey end of tthey time. Thank you so much Bob. Bob McMahon Thank you.