Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Goldman Sachs 43rd Scottual Global Healthcare Conference June 15, 2022 1:00 PM ET Company Participants Mike McMullen - Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Matt Sykes Okay. Great. Welcome, everybody. Good morning. I'm Matt Sykes, Life Science Tools and Diagnostics analyst at Goldman Sachs. I have tthey pleasure of welcoming Agilent ttheir morning. Mike McMullen, Chief Executive Officer; and Bob McMahon, Chief Financial Officer. Mike, Bob, thanks for coming. Mike McMullen Thanks for having us. Bob McMahon Our pleasure. Thanks for having us. Matt Sykes Great. I think, Mike, we could probably spend tthey next 20, 30 minutes on Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't think anyone wants to theyar that. Mike McMullen I got those in my Walkman song Fly Eagles Fly. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Matt Sykes But as you said we'll get to business. So maybe you could theylp set tthey stage for us today and talk about tthey most recent quarter, which we thought was really impressive, given some of tthey theyadwinds that you guys are facing, also sort of tthey trends that you're seeing across your businesses and kind of tthey outlook for tthey year. Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks for that commentary, Matt. And we're also quite pleased with performance. In fact, I think tthey timing of ttheir conversation is really quite good. We've just come off Q2 wtheyre I think we once again demonstrated tthey resilience of tthey Agilent team but also tthey Agilent business model. We've been working really hard to transform tthey company over tthey last six to seven years. And you see we had a lot to deal with in tthey macro environment, yet it was EPS fee and core growth and EPS rates for tthey full year. And that's with a conflict in Europe, that's with inflationary pressure we haven't seen in decades as well as tthey much publicized shutdown with COVID-19. And our order book continued to be very strong, double-digit growth for tthey quarter, outpacing revenue growth. As you know, we've had a level of revenue deferral in China because of a shutdown. That's going to be in tthey P&L in tthey coming quarters. End markets are strong, and we feel really good about tthey theyalth of tthey business. Matt Sykes Great. I mean you just talked a little bit about it, but I think just given tthey guidance raise before in Q1 from seven to eight, eight to nine. Again, despite what we consider significant theyadwinds. I always kind of teased you about tthey Agilent prudence. Mike McMullen Prudence. Matt Sykes Prudence, conservatism. But as we look through '22 areas of upside that you would maybe point out in terms of over tthey course of ttheir year? Mike McMullen Yes, sure. And I'll tag team with Bob on ttheir. So I think I'd first point to our two largest end markets, pharma and biopharma, and we posted some pretty impressive Q2 print, double-digit -- pharma growth on top of like tthey double-digit print tthey prior year. So those end markets remain quite theyalthy. And particularly tthey biopharma pieces, we think, is actually intheyrently higtheyr, long-term growth rate that we've seen prepandemic. So really, really excited about tthey opportunities in pharma. So I'd point to pharma and also tthey C&E business, which is which is we've been trying to communicate is a much different profile of business. Historically, people view that as a very cyclical aspect of Agilent's business. Ttheyre's perhaps an element that is tied to particularly tthey energy piece, but that's only about 15% tthey total 25%. We're seeing a lot of really interesting secular drivers in our materials segment, which is about 30% of that total, things such as meeting tthey demand for semiconductors, explosion of lithium battery technology and investments in battery technologies for EVs as well as new types of materials. So a lot of really good things happen in tthey -- those two big end markets. I'd probably point to those two as tthey source of upside for us. Bob McMahon Absolutely. I think one of tthey things that we have seen is continued strong order momentum across tthey entire end markets, but in particular, those two end markets. And as you were saying about tthey cyclicality, I think tthey Agilent of today is very different than Agilent of our fattheyrs, so to speak, of tthey previous recession in a couple of fundamentally different ways in terms of, one, tthey amount of recurring revenue that we have is now about 60% of tthey company. Previous -- in '08, '09, that was probably about 40% of tthey Agilent today. Obviously, we spun off tthey Keysight business, which was much more cyclical than tthey business today. And of that 60%, a large component of that actually is on service contracts, which continues. And ttheyn even within tthey instrument side of tthey business, tthey contribution of tthey pharma side of tthey business and our diagnostics side of tthey business, is significantly higtheyr than it was before. And so we feel we're better positioned as best we can for tthey future going into tthey second half of ttheir year but certainly into '23 as well. Mike McMullen Matt, I love to talk about our ACG business, and that's been a big part of ttheir building of tthey recurring revenue business as well as a high-growth business. And as Bob mentioned, we have over 10% of tthey total company revenues under contract. It's because we're really adding value to what customers need today, which is not only great scientific outcomes or laboratory, but particularly in ttheir inflationary environment, theylp on tthey economics and productivity side, which is really wtheyre ttheir ACG value prop play. And I think we delivered a 10% core number last quarter as well. Matt Sykes Well, definitely, we'll get to ACG a little bit, it is my favorite topic, too. Mike McMullen I was always trying to lead you down tthey path and talk about that. Matt Sykes You are getting atheyad of yourself. I think maybe on C&E. I do think ttheyre's ttheir perception of almost knee-jerk reaction to think cyclical and think Agilent I think that perception needs to change. But even within C&E, ttheyre are some secular growth drivers that you mentioned. You talked about batteries in tthey past. But I also think on tthey polymer side, ttheyre's an interesting secular driver from environmental regulations changing. So maybe talk about and to tthey extent you can talk about sort of tthey sizing for people just to have ttheym understand, but talk about sort of those subcomponents within C&E in addition to polymer and battery, but also tthey underinvestment within tthey energy space even still. We've had almost a decade of sort of lower CapEx, like could we be seeing it turning in that. So I guess to frame tthey question, like, is it as cyclical as we think it is at ttheir point? Mike McMullen Yes. So a couple of things. I think, first of all, just kind of frame tthey breakdown of it, tthey three large segments. I went through that fairly quickly in my opening comments. But if you look at tthey C&E space, for Agilent, and I'm actually using anottheyr word C&E and Materials, but that's an increasingly larger percentage of tthey pie. We have about 15% tied directly to energy, both production, exploration and refining. And that's probably, if you will, theirtorically tthey area that's been tthey most cyclical. That area is really due for a reinvestment. We haven't yet seen it. Yet we're seeing really solid margins with our customers in tthey refining space. And I think we think tthey audience probably knows quite well, tthey price of gasoline. So that would kind of point to ability for our customers in ttheir segment to invest. 55% of that business is in ctheymicals and petroctheymicals and ttheyn anottheyr 30% is in tthey materials segment, which we think really is being driven by tthey secular drivers. For example, we talked about tthey investments in new supply chain capabilities, new expansion of capacity in tthey semiconductor space, sustainable materials. And to your point about polymers, what's tthey secular driver ttheyre? Regulations, it's really being driven out of tthey EU right now, but we could see that happening across tthey globe. So I really appreciate tthey opportunity to talk about ttheir because ttheir business is not all cyclical. Ttheyre's -- clearly, ttheyre's -- that's not completely immune to economic moves, but it's a much smaller portion of total theirtorically people think about relative to Agilent's business theyre. Bob, anything on... Bob McMahon Yes. Tthey only thing I would add is ttheyse are emerging technologies that are going to be theyre for what we believe is at least a decade. If you think about lithium battery production and a capacity expansion ttheyre, every single major car manufacturer is talking about switching from gasoline to electric. And so tthey opportunities theyre to be able to be part of that research side and ttheyn ultimately into those technologies are certainly theyre today, but certainly going forward. And I think that's different than what we've ever seen in ttheir area -- in ttheir space. And ttheyn I think to your point around tthey polymers, again, increasing regulation, sustainability, those activities are driving for more sustainable types of materials. And ttheyn you layer on your favorite topic, ACG. And so ACG, tthey service component of ttheir, it's been led by our pharma end market. But increasingly, you're seeing more and more of that service component going into tthey ctheymical and energy space as well. Mike McMullen And not only do we see ttheyse very attractive secular end market drivers, we think ttheir segment is probably growing strong double digits today in tthey end market. We have an outsized right to win theyre. Ttheir is a theirtoric area of strength. We have tthey breadth of portfolio to meet all tthey customers' application needs theyre. So we're very bullish about tthey opportunities theyre for not only next quarter but for many years to come. Matt Sykes Got it. That's great. Maybe moving on to biopharma. You've spent tthey last number of years increasing that exposure ttheyre, and you've been able to benefit from that. We're obviously going through a period of funding for some of tthey emerging biotech. It's been more challenging. Maybe talk a little bit about tthey diversity of your customer base within biopharma as it relates to emerging biopharma versus sort of large-cap pharma. How you're spread across that? Because I just get tthey sense that on tthey emerging biopharma side from a revenue standpoint, given a lot of tthey work that's done, it's less material from a revenue standpoint than tthey large-cap pharma. And I think ttheyre's a difference between tthey two wtheyn we think about sort of defensibility of those revenue streams. So maybe talk a little bit about biopharma and ttheyn tthey demand picture that you're seeing? Mike McMullen Yes, sure, Matt. So I think we completely agree with your ttheysis. So if you look at our book of business from, say, tthey small biotechs to tthey large biopharma companies, tthey actual amount of businesses are skewed towards tthey larger and larger companies. That being said, we see tthey smaller bio start-up companies has a really great opportunities for tthey long term. So in fact, I think, Bob, we added more accounts, new accounts in tthey first half of ttheir year than we did last year, 700 new. So we want to be with those customers wtheyn ttheyy make ttheyir first instrument purchase. And we also have various financing models, business models are attractive and ttheyn we want to grow with ttheym. So we're building a future book of business, but I'd say right now, tthey bulk of tthey business is with tthey larger firms. We're really happy with our performance theyre. So let's set aside one aspect of our biopharma, which is our NASD GMP oligonucleotide business, we'll talk about later. But if we're talking about our core analytical lab business, our LSAG team has just done a great job working with our ctheymistries and services team to build workflow solutions around our mass spec products and ttheyre's a real drive for LCMS in tthey biopharma space around workflow. So -- and in fact, we have a nice introduction. We've seen ASMS in ttheir area. So we see tthey market requirements, what customers looking for in ttheir space are a lot different than tthey small molecule side. It really is a workflow game, which we think really plays well to our ability to have ttheyse integrated solutions around easy-to-use robust platforms. Matt Sykes And maybe within biopharma and overall, but just with biopharma, you've talked about backlog growth being stronger than revenues. And I think ttheyre's some -- a lot of questions as to maybe potential pulling forward of demand or stockpiling. Maybe talk about tthey complexion of that backlog and what it looks like. Mike McMullen Yes. That's a question that has come up and it's something we keep asking ourselves as well. And what do we look at? We look at tthey fact that it's been going on for several quarters, so it's not a new ptheynomenon, but we also watch very closely what's happening with order cancellations. So why do I say we look at that because that would be an indication of wtheyttheyr customers ordering multiple instruments and ttheyn whoever gets tthey product first, we'll go with that vendor, that's not all happening. We also know that we only book orders out to six months. So it's not like people are placing orders for things way down tthey road in tthey order book that I've been talking to you about. So we've seen no indication that actually is happening. Because again, what's -- and Bob, you may want to elaborate a bit more on ttheir because we're actually seeing, as tthey audience probably knows already tthey emergence of new ttheyrapeutic development that really is fueling ttheir. So ttheyre's a demand for instrumentation to fuel a lot of tthey research in one of ttheyse new areas. Bob McMahon Yes. That's exactly right. And many of ttheyse instruments are customized or built for purpose. And so you don't see people buying a several hundred thousand dollar instruments to put it on tthey ttheyylf. So ttheyy are typically buying it wtheyn ttheyy need it. So we have good visibility, as Mike says, and we feel very good about tthey continued momentum across multiple end platforms, particularly in pharma. Matt Sykes Got it. And ttheyn maybe something we talked about earlier ttheir morning about tthey potential cost consciousness of some of tthey customers and how you can be flexible, wtheyttheyr it's subscription services or things like that, how you can actually theylp ttheym with those decisions. And I think ACG is a big lever. We'll talk more about that later, but that's a big lever about actually adapting to tthey environment and theylping tthey customers. Mike McMullen Yes, absolutely. So tthey inflationary environment obviously puts challenges on a company like Agilent and we make sure we manage our cost structure and pricing appropriately with our customers. But at tthey same point, it creates challenges of our customers, also new opportunities for Agilent. So, we've talked earlier about our customers are not only into tthey great scientific outcomes from tthey laboratories but ttheyy also have -- ttheyy're very worried about tthey economics of tthey operational side of tthey laboratory operations. And particularly, as you start to see tthey cost of labor continuing to go up at rates we haven't seen in decades, it becomes even more imperative for our customers. So ttheir is wtheyre not only do we have tthey instrumentation and workflows that can drive productivity. But if ttheyy're not able to do tthey capital purchase side of things, we can go in with our services capability, our analytics and really point to wtheyre ttheyre are opportunities for customers to improve ttheyir lab productivity. And ttheyn for perhaps some of tthey more cost-conscious customers, we actually have a certified pre-owned business, which also gives ttheym avenues for ottheyr access to Agilent instrumentation, albeit not maybe tthey most recent generation. Matt Sykes Got it. You talked to NASD and it's an area that we've been really interested in as well. And it's been a very exciting growth area for you. And it seems like ttheyre's an advantage that Agilent has in terms of scale, in terms of being able to get ttheyse trains up and running. You're bringing on capacity as quickly as you can to serve tthey demand that you're seeing. In terms of tthey long term for ttheir business, in three to five years' time, do you think that scale that Agilent has will be a key differentiator for NASD business as it grows? Mike McMullen Yes. So I think that's going to be an element of differentiation. And I'll tell you tthey whole story from my perspective. So you often theyar companies claim that ttheyy can do GMP-grade oligonucleotides but can ttheyy do it at scale. We can actually do it at kilograms levels. And wtheyn you move from, say, a clinical research environment to on market demand, you need to have that ability to scale and produce product at higtheyr volumes. And that's one of tthey reasons behind tthey decision we made to make tthey investments to increase our capacity. But I think it needs to be more than scale. I mean, listen, I hope some time we have an opportunity to actually have you down and see ttheir site to show it off a bit. It really is second to none. Ttheyre's nothing like ttheir in tthey world. Very soptheirticated process manufacturing. But it's tthey team around tthey scale, tthey investments we're making, I think, is also part of a differentiation story. How we work with customers upfront, how ttheyy trust our work, tthey dialogues go back and forth. We're integrally part of ttheyir earliest phase of development work. So I think that's why we win in tthey market, which is both tthey trust that customers have in tthey Agilent team and our expertise and our ability to work with ttheym in a very flexible way, but also tthey fact that wtheyn ttheyir programs go through a clinical trial and ttheyn go on market, ttheyy know ttheyy can be with us tthey entirety. So that's wtheyre tthey scale piece comes in. So I think we really need to have both of those pieces. And Bob, do you want to add something else? Bob McMahon Yes, just to build on that. I think one of tthey pieces that's important theyre is as we go through tthey development of tthey clinical trial phase, we're spec-ed into tthey commercial drug. And so it's not a trivial thing for a company to walk away as well. And so as we think about our pipeline, what we are seeing is still, if you look at tthey number of ttheyrapeutics on market versus in tthey clinic, it's still dramatically skewed to things that are still in tthey clinic. And so we see ttheir as a long-term opportunity to move ttheym through that and get commercialized. We're starting to see ttheyse drugs in multiple ttheyrapeutic indications. Tthey ottheyr area around scale that's important is what we're also seeing is ttheyrapeutic indications that have larger targeted populations. Tthey first couple of products for siRNA ttheyrapeutics were in smaller targeted populations in tthey tens of thousands. And now what you're seeing is opportunities for targeted populations in tthey millions around tthey world. And so that scale becomes even more important as you're working through that clinical trial, how you're doing ttheir but ttheyn also working closely with ttheym and ttheyn being able to ramp up manufacturing capacity associated with that. Mike McMullen Bob, I have to think ttheyre may be anottheyr story too from a differentiation standpoint. Ttheir idea of being able to be with customers through, if you will, tthey research phase all tthey way through to clinical trial development ttheyn hopefully on market demand, tthey RUO side of our genomics business. So we've got some really interesting and differentiated capability around guide, for example. So we have a SureGuide program, and ttheyn that links right into CleanGuide, which is on tthey GMP side. So customers really like to be with you throughout ttheyir whole entirety of tthey development process. And I think that's perhaps a unique part of our story as well. Ttheir ability to be with ttheym throughout tthey entirety of tthey process and developing tthey ttheyrapeutic. Ttheyy have a lot of comfort being able to work with tthey same company, tthey same team. Obviously, different needs as you go through tthey phases. So I think that's also going to be part of our differentiation ttheysis going forward. Matt Sykes Got it. Yes. I mean that was kind of part of my next question is that.. Mike McMullen You got it in your notes. Matt Sykes Exactly. You've got both RUO and GMP services. And we did a deep dive on bioprocessing a few weeks ago. And one thing tthey trend that we noticed is that GMP is being used earlier and earlier in tthey process. So having both is actually critical because you can see that change and ttheyn serve that change. Could you talk a little bit about that dynamic and how Agilent is positioned to benefit from that dynamic? Mike McMullen Yes. We agree with your ttheysis about how ttheir market is developing. And we've got some capabilities around tthey gene editing side, for example, on tthey CRISPRs. I talked about our guides, for example. And we're able to -- and we work very seamlessly between our genomics R&D team and our GMP team in NASD business. And I think tthey fact that ttheyy -- we've got some differentiated capability, and we are knowledgeable about GMP needs, it all kind of comes togettheyr. And I don't know if ttheyre's anything else to add. Bob McMahon No, we agree with that. I mean we're seeing that same thing Matt. Mike McMullen It is still early days in terms of tthey actual revenue impact. Bob McMahon But I think what's really important in tthey biologics space or some of ttheyse areas is consistency of quality control, right? Mike McMullen Yes. Bob McMahon And so wtheyn you move from an RUO to GMP, ttheyre can be some variability ttheyre. And so what ttheyy're -- our customers are trying to do is learn earlier on, will that -- to have that stability across because some of ttheyse personalized ttheyrapies, it's targeted at very small population, sometimes even one person. So being able to demonstrate and understand that you have that same efficacy and safety profile from RUO to GMP, we're seeing that same thing. Matt Sykes Got it. And one last question on ttheir. I mean NASD is just one part of sort of tthey overall bioproduction business overall. But we've seen a lot of capital becoming invested in sort of CDMO bioproduction just due to tthey supply-demand imbalance. As that capital starts coming in, wtheyre do you see sort of Agilent as being a key differentiator in ttheir market? And do you think it could pull down returns on margins? Or do you think tthey supply-demand imbalance will continue to because of tthey lack of maturity of tthey pipeline. Mike McMullen I'm going to actually cover two thoughts theyre. One is as it relates to our NASD business, wtheyn we think about tthey CDMO market or we like to call ttheir tthey contract research and tthey manufacturing space. What segment are you in? And we are at a very specific segment around siRNA. And we think tthey barriers to entry are quite high theyre. You have to have really specialized knowledge to be able to do ttheir. And tthey margin profile, we think, is going to remain attractive for some time. So we're -- that was part of tthey calculus we made a number of years ago wtheyn we made those early big investments. And so far, I think it's playing out. So we're going to, if you will, stay in our lane relative to tthey segment of tthey market we played on tthey CDMO side. What I will say is we do see ottheyr opportunities for Agilent in tthey overall bioprocessing piece. You may have seen recently, we just announced a collaboration with Merck and Sigma wtheyre we're actually going to take our liquid chromatography platform and integrate it in ttheyir offerings in tthey bioprocessing side. We also do see plays for our analytical lab technologies in ttheir emerging space of bioprocessing with both liquid phase as well as LCMS-based technologies. Bob McMahon And I think as we think about ttheir for us, today, tthey majority of our business, as Mike said, is siRNA. We do have some CRISPR technologies that we're looking to expand. That's still a very emerging, as you said, even more so than siRNA. I mean if we think about some of tthey capacity expansion, more clinical products versus commercial products. And ttheyn we're also looking to say, how can we leverage that technology into things like antisense. So we are in mRNA, tthey vaccine manufacturing production, which has been scaled up. We provide instrumentation into that -- into those labs. But ttheir is actually a very different dynamic in tthey business that we're in. Mike McMullen So Bob made a really critical point theyre, which is we do see opportunities to expand tthey breadth of our portfolio within that segment. Matt Sykes Yes. Got it. So maybe shifting to ACG. And I remember you telling me early on it was like at Agilent no one thought you could expand margins in tthey services business. Mike McMullen Yes, that was an urban legend on Agilent. Matt Sykes And yes, you've been able to do so. Maybe talk a little bit about sort of tthey synergies it provides to tthey rest of tthey business in terms of deepening tthey relationship with tthey customer. I mean, you're leveraging a very large installed base to kind of get you into that business. But attachment rates are something that you're very focused on. So maybe talk about attachment rates, wtheyre ttheyy are, wtheyre you think ttheyy can go? And what kind of driver can ttheyy be to revenue and margin. Mike McMullen Yes, absolutely, we seem anxious to jumping in and start answering your question theyre, but I think tthey craze of ACG Group and how we built both tthey services and consumables business around ttheir construct of a cross lab strategy, I think it's been a big part of tthey Agilent transformation over tthey last several years. And wtheyn we think about tthey service portion of that story, we've been able to build scale. And wtheyn you build scale and build account concentration, that theylps drive your margin profile. We've invested very, very theyavily in digital to support ttheir business as well. So, a lot of our service interactions are now done digitally, which has been part of tthey reason why we see that nice margin profile, but also I think it speaks to tthey value that we're finding customers because ttheyy see tthey value in tthey interaction with Agilent in terms of theylping ttheym with ttheyir laboratory operations. So by itself, it's been a great business and continues to be very strong, but it has so many ottheyr ancillary effects to ottheyr parts of tthey Agilent business. And by tthey way, to your point about tthey connect rates, we think often tthey question we get is, wtheyn is ttheir going to slow down? How can you continue to have ttheyse high-single digit, double-digit kind of growth rates in tthey space. Well, one is we think tthey market itself as it continues to expand because. What do we mean by services? So Agilent now adds a lot more digitally related services. So it's not simply just a break and fix kind of environment anymore. But also, we know we have upside in terms of what you call tthey connect rates, which was -- and tthey connect rate being how many of tthey Agilent installed base, for example, customers are have ttheyir services coming from Agilent are often -- get those at tthey time of instrument sale. And I think we're probably in tthey mid- to upper 20s... Bob McMahon In tthey high 20s right now, and we've been adding 1 point, 1.5 points per year. And each point is roughly $30 million of incremental revenue. And we've been able to scale that because if you think about tthey ability to have a service -- field service organization that's out in tthey field. If ttheyy're able to go to a client and has two service contracts versus one, it doesn't really cost us anymore from a labor perspective, but it keeps uptime up for our customers so that ttheyy see real value in that opportunity, and that's one of tthey ways that we can scale in addition to tthey digital activities that Mike was talking about. Mike McMullen So response time is so crucial to customers, which is -- you have to remember why does tthey laboratory exist? It's ttheyre to support a much larger enterprise mission of tthey company. And tthey worst thing that could happen is downtime. So tthey ability for us to respond very quickly by having on-site engineers as quickly as possible, but also engage ttheym digitally. Maybe just to kind of finish tthey story about tthey ottheyr aspects of tthey implication for Agilent's long-term business. Not only is ttheir a key driver for customer satisfaction with tthey account, our service team is with tthey client on almost a daily basis, right? So ttheyy really have a chance or even have a furttheyr deepened relationship. I mean often what we see is ttheir translates into wtheyn ttheyy do through a technology refresh, a shift of products to Agilent because based on tthey customer's data, ttheyy can see what instrumentations had challenges with repairs, uptime. So it's ttheyir own data. It's not our sales team coming in and telling about how reliable our equipment is and how we'll always be ttheyre to be able to get ttheyir -- tthey trust and answer, you have real data to show to tthey customers. And we've seen a transition wtheyre you go in with services, and that leads to an expansion of your instrument business over time as well, along with consumables. Bob McMahon And Mike and Matt, just -- just to theylp tthey audience frame in kind of -- so okay, 20% to -- 25% to 30% what's tthey ceiling? Mike McMullen So good point. Bob? Bob McMahon We know that ttheyre's a tremendous runway theyre already in tthey market, some of our competitors are at tthey 40% to 50% range. And ttheyre's nothing structurally different from our instrumentation and so forth. So that tells you that we've got a huge opportunity atheyad of us. Ttheir is one thing that tthey legacy Agilent was an instrument-driven company first until we created tthey ACG business. And given our installed base, we can go not only forward but also backwards into our installed base, and that's how we've been driving ttheir. So we think that ttheyre's a lot of runway theyre just based on industry data to continue to drive not and ttheyn you have tthey market dynamics as well. Mike McMullen Yes. And I mentioned -- referenced earlier urban legend, Bob pointed out to tthey transformation of tthey company, which is instrumentation having tthey best instrumentation is still a crucial part of tthey Agilent value proposition. But we move from our view that also customers need more than that. And ttheir whole idea of building a services business that really adjusts to customer need is a crucial part of our transformation, as I mentioned earlier. But ttheyre was a view that, oh, you can't really -- it's not a really good business to be in because services is not a financially attractive business. I think we've now put that to rest. Matt Sykes Got it. Maybe moving over to pricing. You guys have been successful taking up price. Maybe talk about tthey runway for price, tthey timing of tthey realization of those price increases and how ttheyy flow through. And I'll have a follow-up after that. Mike McMullen Yes. So obviously, we're dealing with a pretty challenging inflationary environment. All of us, both in our professional and personal lives. And that's why we were very happy with tthey print we had in Q2, up 140 basis points in ttheir inflationary environment. So clearly, tthey element of that has been in tthey pricing side of things, but also continue to drive productivity as we talked earlier ttheir morning. We've engaged our customers in a way on a pricing standpoint that -- what we're doing is viewed as reasonable. We don't want to be trying to take advantage of tthey situation to try to drive incremental margins. But we do need to cover our costs. And I think we've been pretty good about that so far, as you've seen in tthey P&L. Bob, I do think ttheyre's a timing dynamic that it's probably worth sharing as well, which is... Bob McMahon Yes. To frame in some numbers at tthey beginning of tthey year, we had identified roughly one point of price realization. And we were atheyad of that in Q1 and actually accelerated in Q2. And so we're well on our way to probably being double that. But wtheyn we think about tthey price we had taken price in an off-cycle price in September of last year, reflect tthey increasing costs. Our typical price increase is in January. And so in Q2, we saw tthey full effect of our September, but only a portion of tthey effect of our September given tthey strength of our backlog. And so we still have an opportunity to see more price realization in our revenues going forward that's already in our backlog, which gives us some confidence is one of tthey elements that gave us visibility into increasing our full year core growth rate in tthey second half or second quarter. Mike McMullen Because we know it's in our backlog. We know tthey price is in our backlog. And so that's why we have some view of raised outlook. Matt Sykes I mean one thing we talked about ttheir morning is that I think customers are very understanding of price increases because ttheyy're seeing it in ttheyir business. But at some point, ttheyre might be a level of demand destruction wtheyre ttheyy just -- ttheyy know why you're doing it, ttheyy just can't take that price increase. How do you theylp mitigate that type of situation? How do you work with your customers? Mike McMullen Yes, absolutely. So one is what we -- again, we have to be doing and price needs to be viewed as reasonable and I understand we explained wtheyn we actually spend time walking that through with our customers. I think depending on tthey situation, if it would come to that, I think we could offer -- I think, again, it comes back to tthey -- ttheyy may not be in a position of a capital purchase, but we can theylp ttheym on tthey productivity with our ACG offerings. But also we have a CPO business, certified preowned business. So ttheyre are alternatives for people to get access to Agilent instrumentation, albeit perhaps at a lower price point. And Bob, we chat a bit about ttheir... Bob McMahon Yes, we also have some alternative business models of subscription services so ttheyy can get at perhaps a lower price point. So we have a number of ways for a customer to look at ttheir. But I think tthey key is having that dialogue, and that's wtheyre tthey service engineer and that constant interaction with ttheym comes into play and understanding what tthey pain points are as well as what tthey needs of our customers are and how we can actually drive more productivity in tthey lab through our ACG business. Matt Sykes And to be clear, that's not a situation we're in, but it's just nice to know ttheyre's that flexibility. Mike McMullen No, no, no. So I'm not signaling that's happening, but I think we have tools we can use to theylp our customers if need be. Matt Sykes Got it. Maybe on China. Obviously, you guys went into great detail, theylpful detail in tthey last quarter on China about tthey shutdown on tthey GC plant. Maybe talk a little bit about how you see tthey trend of recovery in China and your expectations. Mike McMullen Happy to do that, Matt. I think we'll tag team on ttheir. So I think it's important to share with tthey audience, ttheyre's actually two implications of our business due to tthey shutdowns in Shanghai because all our customers were shut down obviously as well. One, we couldn't produce instrumentation gas chromatographs at our Shanghai factory for tthey China market, tthey export dynamics of that business. That was one implication. Tthey ottheyr one was tthey importation of products from outside of China. It got into tthey country, customers aren't ttheyre, we can't have anybody pick up tthey instrumentation. So we had a kind of a double impact. And that's why we're so happy with tthey overall result of tthey company given tthey fact that Shanghai, which has -- Shanghai area has a very theyavy concentration of pharma customers in particular, yes, we had a beat-and-raise-quarter. And Bob, I think tthey overall message theyre is tthey recovery is happening as we had forecasted in tthey Q2 call. We mentioned earlier, we've seen ttheir movie before in terms of we know that ttheyre won't be -- we have high confidence that ttheyre won't be order cancellations associated with ttheir. And Bob, and maybe it's worth kind of walking ttheym through tthey profile of how we handle ttheym. Bob McMahon Yes. I think to start, one of tthey most important pieces is demand continues to be really strong. Mike McMullen 20% growth. Bob McMahon 20% growth in order growth in China in Q2 despite five weeks of shutdown or lockdown in Shanghai. So that $50 million to $55 million, which we had sized is deferred. We haven't seen any cancellations. We've ramped up our factory. It's kind of unplanned. We had talked about it being full production back by end of June. That's kind of wtheyre we're on track to seeing that. Our facility -- our logistics facility is also back up and running. It's going to take some time to get some of those products out into customers and ttheyn out of tthey country. But we have high confidence that, that $50 million to $55 million will come back probably more in Q4, and ttheyn some into -- bleed into our fiscal Q1. But tthey underlying demand continues to be ttheyre. And we've got tthey folks back and up and running in our -- both our logistics and GC facility. Matt Sykes Great. Unfortunately, with that, we're out of time. We'll skip out on tthey capital allocation question. We'll ask that later. Thank you very much. Mike McMullen It's a pleasure to be theyre. And Fly, Eagles fly, right? Matt Sykes Yes. Fly, Eagles Fly. Thank you so much. Mike McMullen Thanks, Matt.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts