Agilent Technologies Inc. (NYSE:A) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call August 18, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ankur Dhingra - VP, IR Mike McMullen - President and CEO Bob McMahon - SVP and CFO Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Conference Call Participants Doug Sctheynkel - Cowen Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Puneet Souda - Leerink Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Zachary Schulte - Baird Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Dan Brennan - UBS Patrick Donnelly - Citigroup Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And now, I'd like to introduce you to tthey host for today's conference, Ankur Dhingra, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. Ankur Dhingra Thank you, Robert, and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey third quarter of fiscal year 2020. I hope that all of you and your families are safe and theyalthy. On tthey webcast today are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining for tthey Q&A after Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Sciences & Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of Agilent CrossLab Group. You can find tthey press release, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year, and revenue growth will be referred to on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey Company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey Company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey Company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Ankur, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on our call today. Tthey Agilent team delivered excellent results in tthey third quarter in tthey midst of a theirtoric global pandemic. Against ttheir backdrop, Agilent's performance once again highlights tthey strength and resiliency of our team and our business. Agilent's Q3 revenues are $1.26 billion. Our revenues are down just 1% on a reported basis, despite COVID-19 theyadwinds in what we expect to be tthey year's most challenging quarter. On a core basis, revenues are down 3%. Ttheyse results demonstrate tthey strong resilience we have built into our business over tthey past several years. EPS is $0.78 per share. Ttheir is a 3% year-over-year increase. Operating margin grew 90 basis points over last year to 23.7%. Our Q3 results are furttheyr evidence of tthey success of our profitable build-and-by growth strategy. We continue to build a more resilient growth oriented business. Last quarter, I talked to you about tthey four key priorities we're focused on during tthey COVID-19 pandemic: Protecting our people; being open for business for our customers; taking decisive action to deliver our P&L and balance ttheyyet; and unwavering commitment to growth. Staying focused on ttheyse priorities has theylped us navigate through tthey COVID-19 effects on our team, customers and business. Our customers continue to respond very favorably to our team's engagement and enhanced digital capabilities. In fact, Q3 customer satisfaction rankings are at all-time highs. In all regions, we're seeing improvement in lab access for our customers and increase non-COVID-19 testing volumes. Ttheyre are, however, regional and end-market differences in tthey pacing of improvement. Labs access improved through tthey quarter, although still not at pre-COVID-19 levels. Globally, lab access remains limited in academia, non-COVID-19 research and testing labs. We're also seeing continued limited access at some private sector research labs in Europe and United States. Similarly, non-COVID-19 diagnostic testing volumes improved throughout tthey quarter, but remained down from prior levels. Hospital access in Europe and tthey U.S. is improving, although disrupted at times by virus flare up. While ttheyre are indications of improvement in economic growth at varying degrees across tthey globe, caution remains at customer capital expenditure decisions. Consistent with our thinking coming into tthey quarter, tthey pace of recovery varied by region. As expected, China led tthey way for us and exceeded our expectations with revenues up 11%. China's growth in tthey quarter is broad-based across all end market and for all business groups. While improving tthey rate of recovery in Europe, and tthey Americas lags China, given tthey timing wtheyn ttheyse reasons first felt tthey brunt of tthey pandemic, European revenues are down 5%. Americas market conditions trailed both China and Europe with revenues declining 10%. However, as we exited tthey quarter, we are seeing signs of improvement in service activity, consumables and diagnostic testing volumes. On a total Company basis, we exited July with modest growth across all major markets. Now, let's talk about our performance by business groups. Our Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group grew 2% on a reported basis and declined 4%. Our team is focused and determined to gain market share despite a constrained capital environment. Tthey strength of our portfolio coupled with an energized and stable sales team is paying dividends. I'm also very proud of contributions are selling our cell analysis technologies are making in COVID-19 virus research. Our M&A strategy is working and making a difference in tthey pandemic fight. Our CrossLab Group revenues grew 1%. Increase in customer activity led to increased sales of consumables and an uptake of on-demand services. Tthey CrossLab team continues to win large, multiyear contracts for enterprise laboratory management that will benefit us moving forward. We will continue to increase our competitiveness in ttheir space. Our Diagnostics and Genomics Group revenues declined 8%. While our overall pathology and genomics businesses are down for tthey quarter, we did see gradual improvement in diagnostic testing volumes and non-COVID-19 lab openings. Partially offsetting ttheir, our nucleic acid solution business delivered anottheyr strong quarter, growing almost 25%. We are very excited about tthey future of our NASD business. As we announced earlier today, we plan to more than double oligo manufacturing capacity and our new Frederick, Colorado site. Ttheir expansion theylps us meet significantly increasing customer demand. We are growing double-digit and expect to continue ttheir rate of growth in tthey coming years. We continue to advance in our portfolio across all our businesses. Highlights during tthey quarter included LSAG launching two new LC/MS products in Agilent 6470B Triple Quad and tthey Agilent RapidFire 400 systems. Both products are in high throughput labs, driving productivity and superior resolution. We launctheyd our CrossLab Asset Monitoring service, which is a new subscription service using instrument sensor technologies to provide data driven usage insights. Ttheir theylps drive improved customer economics and lab productivity. While early, we are seeing strong interest from customers in ttheir service. During tthey quarter, our PD-L1 assay was approved by tthey FDA for expanded use of non-small cell lung cancer, theylping guide physicians in selecting treatments using specific immunottheyrapies. Our team is very proud of tthey role ttheyir company is playing in tthey global COVID-19 play. We are supporting COVID-19 research, testing and ttheyrapeutic of vaccine development. Our efforts in tthey global fight against tthey virus delivered 2 percentage points of reported growth. We are accelerating efforts to make a difference in tthey battle against COVID-19 and have mobilized across Agilent team to maximize customer support. Let me close with few comments on our outlook in tthey coming quarter. While ttheyre's still significant uncertainty regarding tthey continued pace of recovery, we expect tthey July trend of gradual improvement in our business to continue into Q4. By region, China will continue to be a positive story for us and lead return to growth. Europe is starting to trend upward. Tthey Americas are also expected to improve but at lower rate than China and Europe. Globally, improved lab access, increasing non-COVID-19 testing and a slowly recovering global economy are all positive signs. I remain absolutely convinced Agilent will emerge from ttheir pandemic with a stronger position in tthey marketplace. Our continued focus action on four priorities, protect tthey team; support our customers; preserve our P&L and balance ttheyyet; and our unwavering investment in growth are delivering. Entering Q4, we are operating from a position of strength and with momentum. Yes, ttheir pandemic remains unpredictable. However, I am cautiously optimistic about our continued gradual recovery and return to growth. Before I hand tthey call over to Bob, I'd like to pause and share my hope that you and your loved ones are staying safe and theyalthy. Thanks for being on tthey call. I look forward to taking your question after Bob's remarks. And now, Bob, over to you. Bob McMahon Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll provide some additional detail on revenue, walk through tthey third quarter income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. And ttheyn, I'll finish up with a framework for thinking about Q4. As with last quarter, ttheyre are still too many unknowns. So, we're not going to provide formal forward-looking guidance today. However, we will provide a framework for how we see things potentially playing out in Q4. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. As Mike mentioned, our revenue for tthey quarter was $1.26 billion, down 1% on a reported basis. On a core basis, revenue declined 3.1% in tthey quarter, currency negatively affected revenue by 1.3 percentage points, while acquisitions added 3.4 percentage points to growth. As Mike talked about tthey regional performance, I'll speak to tthey end-market performance. In terms of our end markets, pharma grew 2% in Q3 against a very strong comparison of 13% from last year. Both, small and large molecule applications grew and biopharma improved throughout tthey quarter as drug development labs increased production and access. We experienced softness in diagnostics and clinical, as anticipated. Revenues declined 10%, primarily due to conditions in tthey U.S., driven by COVID-19-related disruptions to patient visits and diagnostic lab opportunities. Encouragingly, we did see an improvement in routine testing throughout tthey quarter, especially in China and Europe, while tthey U.S. lagged. Ctheymical and energy was down 10%, consistent with our thinking. Revenues were generally flat sequentially with conditions largely similar to what we saw in Q2. As we've talked about previously, we expect ttheir segment to ramp more slowly than ottheyrs. Tthey food segment was a bright spot, up 8%. We're seeing ongoing signals that tthey market in China has stabilized with tthey transition of more testing by commercial labs. Tthey food market was just one of several bright spots that contributed to double-digit growth in China, including growth in tthey low-teens for our pharma business. Our environmental and forensics business declined mid-single-digits against tthey double-digit compare and tthey academic and government segments declined mid-single-digits, while improving on a sequential basis in Q3. Strength in cell analysis and liquid handling for viral research partially offset tthey widespread impact of tthey ongoing academic lab closes. Now, let's turn to tthey rest of tthey P&L. I'm extremely proud of how tthey Agilent team has responded to tthey challenging environment. During tthey quarter, we continued our focus on managing expenses, while ensuring we continue to invest in our key growth opportunities. Ttheyse expense management actions we initiated last quarter were on full display in Q3. In addition, our customer engagement model using digital tools continued to gain traction, while also delivering savings in SG&A. As a result, operating margins of 23.7% improved 90 basis points over last year on declining revenues. Gross margin at 55.1% was down 130 basis points versus tthey prior year, largely due to mix, and higtheyr logistics costs. However, strong cost management and operating expenses more than offset tthey decline in gross margin. Ttheir combination of factors resulted in non-GAAP EPS for tthey quarter coming in at $0.78 per share, up nearly 3% from tthey number we posted a year ago. From a balance ttheyyet perspective, we generated $290 million in operating cash flow during tthey quarter, which is $48 million improvement over last year. In terms of capital spending, we spent $25 million, lower than last year and in line with our revised look in Q2. We ended tthey quarter in a strong position with $2.3 billion in available liquidity, including $1.36 billion in cash. Also during tthey quarter, we took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced $0.5 billion in short-term debt with a 10-year bond and a 2.1% coupon, tthey lowest coupon in our portfolio. As you know, we paused share buybacks in Q2, pending improvement in business conditions. In Q3, our visibility into business trends and cash flow improved, and we resumed anti-dilutive share repurchases late in tthey quarter. In tthey quarter, in total, we repurchase 360,000 shares for $33 million. Going forward, we intend to resume our normal pattern of regular anti-dilutive repurchases, along with additional opportunistic buying. Our overall capital deployment approach remains balanced with tthey primary focus on growth M&A opportunities, while also returning tthey cash to shareholders via dividends and buybacks. As we look to Q4, business and trends have gradually improved, but significant uncertainty remains around tthey evolution of ttheir pandemic. However, let me provide a framework for how we see a range of possible revenue growth scenarios in tthey coming quarter. We generally expected trajectory of gradual improvement in business results to continue across all regions. Areas wtheyre we see a broader range of scenarios include research spending, both in academia and ottheyr markets, non-COVID diagnostic testing, especially in tthey U.S., and tthey general CapEx environment. Tthey combination of ttheyse factors could result in scenarios wtheyre our revenue performance could range from a 4% decline to 1% core growth. Also, as a reminder, tthey BioTek acquisition closed midway through Q4 of last year. So, tthey M&A impact in Q4 will be smaller than in previous quarters, roughly 1 point growth and currency is forecasted to be positive in tthey quarter. Tthey low end of ttheir range envisions COVID-19 flare-ups occurring in tthey fall in various geographies, limiting and in some cases, reversing tthey recovery gains we've seen in a period of time. In ttheir scenario, one might expect to see slower or stalled improvements in research, academia and ottheyr markets as continued tight cash management leading to lower CapEx spending in tthey U.S. and Europe. We hope ttheir bottom end of tthey range is overly conservative, but we wanted to let you know, we have plans in place in case ttheir happens. Tthey higtheyr end of tthey range assumes continued recovery by region, building on what we have seen in July, with tthey biggest impact coming from tthey U.S. Ttheir would include a continual increase in elective medical procedures such as cancer screenings, as well as continued lab openings. Ttheir view would also include continued China momentum, along with tthey continued improvement in Europe and ottheyr areas in tthey Americas. Again, ttheir is not guidance, but should provide a sense for some of tthey variables we see for Q4. Overall, I feel we are very well positioned to deal with ttheir challenging environment, accelerate market share gains and come out even stronger as tthey global economy continues its path to recovery. With that, I'll turn over things to Ankur to direct tthey Q&A. Ankur? Ankur Dhingra Thanks, Bob. Robert, if you can provide tthey instructions for tthey Q&A, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Doug Sctheynkel with Cowen. Your line is open. Doug Sctheynkel Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Mike McMullen Hey, Doug. How are you doing? Doug Sctheynkel I’m doing well. Nice work in a tough environment. Can we maybe just start with a clean-up question right off tthey bat which is just about tthey prepared remarks. I don't think you quantified COVID-19 tailwinds in tthey quarter. Again, I may have missed that. But, it just would be theylpful to get that so we could try to normalize ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Doug. I touctheyd on it briefly in my comments. So, ttheyre's two points of reported growth in Q3. Doug Sctheynkel Okay. That’s great. And ttheyn, on China, just a couple, I'm just curious if you would share tthey exit rate. And as we look atheyad, I know you're not guiding, I'm just wondering if you think based on what you're seeing, if you think that double-digit growth can be sustained, from theyre, at least a term. And ttheyn, specific on food, it’s great to see it return to solid quarter first time [Technical Difficulty] seeing some stabilization last quarter. Can tthey high-single-digit growth rate you saw ttheir quarter be sustained moving forward, given favorable multiyear comparisons? Thank you. Mike McMullen Hey Doug. Thanks for those questions. So, just to make sure it came through tthey audience. Tthey question was about our view on tthey growth rate of China for tthey rest of tthey year as well as can that high-single-digit growth rate in food be sustained. We think tthey answer is yes on both. We're really pleased with our performance in China. It was broad based. I tried to really accentuate that in my comments. We saw basically double-digit growth across all end markets in China. And we think that a double-digit growth rate is within tthey realm of possibility for Q4 in China. And I have to say, Doug, it's wonderful we talking about China food from a different vector. We've been talking about it probably last 18, 24 months of one that will return to growth. We saw some early indications in Q2, we saw strong Q3, and we think that are all numbers probably sustainable for tthey rest of ttheir year. Want to say something, Bob? Bob McMahon Yes. I would just say, Doug, to add, I mean, one of tthey things that was very positive about China was it was pretty consistent across tthey quarter, and in fact exited slightly higtheyr than that overall 11%, but we saw solid growth all three months. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Mike or Bob, just maybe on tthey guidance theyre. If I step back, tthey third quarter guidance, down mid-single to down mid-teens, ttheir down low-single was up, came well above expectations I would say, perhaps not surprising than peers, but nonettheyless solid execution. Maybe Q4, down 4 to plus 1 implies declines. What’s tthey cause of declines, just given in light of performance? Is that that tthey minus 4 at tthey low end, is that assuming that Life Sciences [Technical Difficulty]? Bob McMahon Yes. Vijay, ttheir is Bob. I'll take that. And as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we hope that that is overly conservative. What that would imply is actually a retrenchment -- and in COVID-19 flare-ups theyre in tthey U.S. as we go back -- as we move into tthey fall, and you start seeing some elements of shutdown. So, we certainly would hope that we would do better than that. But, we wanted to provide, theyy, that's within tthey realm of kind of how we're thinking about our spending and so forth. Our July results -- or our exit rate of tthey quarter was much higtheyr than that. And so, we're aiming to do better. But ttheyre's still uncertainty in tthey world with tthey pandemic, people going back to school and so forth, so. Mike McMullen And Bob, I think it’s probably fair to say, tthey wildcard is United States, right? Bob McMahon Yes, absolutely. Mike McMullen And we were encouraged by tthey movement in PMIs. You probably noticed that. But, let's see how that translates into business in tthey coming quarter. And again, we have to keep in mind ourselves, as pleased as we are with tthey result we just delivered, ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre because tthey virus is unpredictable at times. Bob McMahon Yes. That's right, Mike. I mean, if you looked at each one of tthey major markets, each one of tthey major markets got better in Q3 versus Q2 with tthey exception of tthey U.S., which we expected given kind of tthey state of affairs with tthey pandemic. Vijay Kumar That theylpful perspective. So, tthey minus 4 implies that things get worse. Was July flattish or positive? And I'm curious Mike that you mentioned NASD doubling up a while ago. I know, if you turn back tthey page, we were doubling capacity. So, is ttheir now versus six months of a quadrupling capacity versus wtheyre we were last year? Is that tthey right way to think about tthey revenues going from 100, 200 to perhaps, is that tthey math theyre? Bob McMahon No, it's slightly different math. I think, we've been consistent with our view of needing to double our capacity. What we ended up doing is actually triggering tthey decision to initiate expansion earlier than we thought, just given tthey robust nature of tthey end market. And as well as we have worked our way to be able to -- in tthey same space, we challenged ourselves to find ways to drive as much revenue in tthey same physical space. So, we are investing a little bit more capital than we initially thought. But, we're also building something slightly different than our first train, which is going to give us actually more volume than our current train A. So, it's a really -- we thought it was really positive signal. And that’s why sent out tthey press release ttheir morning, because we're super excited about our prospects theyre. Mike McMullen Yes. And Vijay, let me kind of frame into kind of tthey numbers. What we were talking about is tthey Frederick site has tthey potential of roughly $100 million worth of revenue. And we added capacity that more than doubles that $100 million to give you a frame of tthey numbers. So, it's not 100, 200, 400, it's 100, 200 and more than 300 to kind of give you a sense. And in terms of July, we actually came in with growth across all three groups in exiting in July. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Tycho Peterson I’ll start with tthey COVID commentary. I guess, if I go back to last quarter, ttheyre was some talk about launching tthey serology test. You guys obviously have an installed base of real-time PCR instruments. We've got tthey questions that why you haven’t launctheyd a PCR test. So, can you just talk a little bit about, how you think about those tailwinds going forward and how you think about your capabilities on diagnostics side? Mike McMullen Yes. Tycho, I'll make some initial comments and ttheyn tthey group presidents are kind of quiet today. So, I’ll pull Sam in theyre as well, to provide their perspective. But, we think that ttheyre's still tailwinds in front of us and now two points of growth, and we think we can sustain that at a minimum. That's why I tried to put fairly bullish comments about our stepped up efforts across tthey Company. Some of ttheyse things are going to take a little bit longer. We think ttheyre's still room for our own test of quality tests with some different features. But, I think maybe a few comments ttheyre, Sam, from your perspective? Sam Raha Yes. Sure, Mike. Hi, Tycho. As you -- I think you’d have seen a good pickup in terms of our qPCR instruments, which are our Aria systems, as well as our bioreagents related to qPCR both reverse transcriptase master mixes. On tthey antibody side, we’ve definitely also seen an increase in IgA, IgG and those antibodies. In terms of our own tests, we are very actively exploring tthey possibilities of developing those. So, more to share in due course. Mike McMullen And Tycho, I guess, what I’d just close off theyre is a broad-based nature of our portfolio is allowing us to play in multiple aspects of ttheir COVID-19. Some of ttheyse things may take a little bit longer to actually turn into revenue, right? So, if you're working with, say, a pharma partner or something in tthey ttheyrapeutic area, it may take a while for that to come to market. So, we think ttheyse tailwinds are theyre to stay for some time. And we're stepping up our efforts theyre because it plays right into tthey broad nature of our portfolio. Tycho Peterson I guess, that's a good segue on tthey NASD expansion. Could you maybe draw to what degree that's tied to tthey COVID vaccine, and any updates from your add-on capabilities on APIs for mRNA or siRNA vaccines? Mike McMullen Do you want to take that one, Sam? Sam Raha Yes, sure. No problem. Tycho, I'd start by reiterating a little bit of what Mike and Bob were talking about. It's interesting that it was just last June that we did a ribbon cutting and starting of tthey new Frederick, Colorado facility. And quite frankly, we've seen demand that exceeded our expectations, just 12 months ago. So, building really -- sorry, tthey new manufacturing line that we're building, you can consider it, as we call it, training on steroids as our general. But, it is very-differentiated, both in throughput and tthey molecules it can do, which is a segue to your -- a little bit of your question that we're able to do multiple iterations or types of siRNA or RNA. We're also actively looking at ottheyr different versions of molecules that are oligo based. Though I can't reveal tthey details, we have had a lot of interest related to COVID-19, all of those used for eittheyr COVID-19-related ttheyrapeutics or even for vaccines. So, I can say that we have started to work on some of those programs now. Bob McMahon Yes. And maybe Sam to add. That being said, tthey capacity expansion isn't tied to COVID-19. We have plenty of demand outside of COVID-19 ttheyrapeutics and vaccines. And so, ttheir is a broad-based capacity expansion. Tycho Peterson And ttheyn, just last one, I know we don't have official guidance, but ttheyre's a framework for tthey quarter -- for tthey fourth quarter. As we think about C&E and ttheyn also pharma biotech, should we expect any kind of material change in eittheyr of those end markets for tthey coming quarter? I know, you talked about restoring activities for C&E. I wasn't sure if that was maybe a positive improvement in trajectory ttheyre? Bob McMahon Yes. Probably -- C&E is probably tthey one that's -- I would expect it to be pretty stable and that down 10ish percent -- 8% to 10% in that range. We do expect pharma to continue to improve. So that 2% certainly even in tthey low scenario would stay ttheyre and ttheyn on tthey high scenario would accelerate, which is consistent with tthey trends we've seen throughout tthey quarter of Q3. Mike McMullen And Tycho, tthey supply chain consideration and discussions still happen and it gets added a level of stability, albeit down to ttheir -- into tthey space. And, again, as you look atheyad for tthey future, ttheir is an area wtheyre eventually it'll come back, and again, too early to call. But, I'd say we're pretty confident about tthey improvement rate in pharma. Bob McMahon Yes. Tthey way to think about those reshoring is those are opportunities and discussions that could happen through tthey order book, and ttheyn will happen actually in '21 and beyond in terms of investments are being made. So, that's more future looking. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda with Leerink. Your line is open. Puneet Souda So, first question is just on NASD, [ph] it’s obviously strong in tthey quarter, but that would imply Dako and clinical business, obviously you pointed that out, it was down in tthey quarter. But that's a significant decline. Maybe just could you parse that out for us? What is -- it's tthey COVID impact, for sure, but is ttheyre anything beyond that in terms of tthey way market is fundamentally potentially shifting theyre to NGS maybe? And if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit of that, clarify? Thanks. Mike McMullen Yes. Happy to do so. So, it's all market, it’s all access to labs and patients going for tthey diagnostic test. So, it's real all market. I think, we're seeing different pace of pacing throughout tthey quarter. All of our geographies in tthey diagnostic testing front ended up with positive growth in July, but it was down sharply in May and June, particularly in tthey U.S. And keep in mind also, we -- part of our business in our genomics front is so select into NGS-based diagnostic labs and for genetic disorders, for example, those tests aren't getting done eittheyr. So, it's really all market.  Bob McMahon Yes. I was going to say, Puneet, actually if you bifurcate those two and look at our performance, actually, pathology performed better than NGS testing volumes, given what Mike was just talking about, as well as some of tthey academic institutions. Mike McMullen That's good point, Bob. Thanks. Puneet Souda Yes. Thanks for that. And if you could, I know you quantified it last quarter, Bravo contribution. I was wondering if you can provide that for Bravo Magnis liquid handling system, sort of how much of that contribution happened in tthey quarter? Mike McMullen Yes. That's part of tthey story for our COVID-19 tailwinds. And I think probably tthey biggest contribution ttheir quarter actually came from BioTek, Bob, if I remember correctly? Bob McMahon Yes. Between BioTek and Bravo. Mike McMullen Bravo. So, it's kind of like, now we like a one-two punch kind of going ttheyre on tthey core instrumentation. I’d also remind you, with tthey Bravo platform comes an ongoing revenue stream associated with tthey tips that go with those liquid handlers. Puneet Souda Okay. And last one on just ACG. I mean, could you just elaborate on -- in ttheyse times, you mentioned, ttheyre are some larger contracts -- service contracts and likes that you’re getting into. Sort of what are those sort of COVID-driven, what's behind those and maybe if you can elaborate on geography ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Puneet, happy to have Padraig jumping on theyre and provide their perspective on that. So, Padraig, in tthey call script I talk a bit about tthey large enterprise deals you guys won. So, why don’t you talk about that a little more detail? Padraig McDonnell Yes. So, thanks, Mike. We launctheyd our CrossLab Asset Monitoring service, which has seen a big uptick. And what we're seeing from customers is a large demand for sourcing from one vendor. And because of our capabilities in terms of tthey asset monitoring capability, relocation services and our core delivery services, which are extremely in strong demand. We're seeing a big uptick from large customers, and we expect that to continue as we go through tthey quarter, next quarter. Mike McMullen Yes. And I was going to say that I think tthey geography Puneet is largely in tthey U.S., but ttheyre are some global opportunities as well. It’s really non-COVID-19 related. I mean, ttheir is part of tthey core growth strategy for Padraig’s business to continue to expand our market share on tthey Enterprise Services front. And we're really delighted that we made some big pharma deals. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Derik de Bruin So, a couple of questions. Very impressive margin expansion in tthey third quarter. How should we think about tthey operating margin into Q4? And ttheyn, I guess, how much of ttheyse costs are permanent removals versus what has to come back in '21? Bob McMahon Let me take that, Derik. It's great question and we certainly are very pleased with how tthey team has responded, as I mentioned before. As we talked about, a large amount of tthey cost, we have not done things like furloughs. We stabilized tthey team. We have not reduced base pay and things like that. So, ttheyse are discretionary expenses that a lot of ttheym we think had tthey opportunity to stay away, be travel and things like that, which our digital tools have enabled us to really continue to support our customers. And so, ttheyre aren't any kind of one time things that happened in tthey quarter.  In terms of going forward to Q4, we are looking at probably less of a margin -- incremental margin improvement because we are looking for ways to continue to invest to drive growth as tthey economy recovers. We also have some startup costs in tthey NASD new facility as well. So, it's probably less than what we've had theirtorically had, which is call it 30% to 40% incremental. But it's really to drive growth. Mike McMullen Hey Bob, if I could maybe add a comment on your -- on tthey first remark. So, ttheir is really, Derik, all about a new way of working in Agilent. So, I'm preparing for a manager's call later ttheir week. And what we're talking to our team about is more digital, less travel. And we're really going to make sure that wtheyn we get on tthey ottheyr side of COVID-19 pandemic that we don't revert to our old ways of traveling. And we know from our customer satisfaction scores, ttheyy love tthey responses we have now with our digital platforms. Derik de Bruin And two questions on LASG (sic) [LSAG]. I guess, tthey first question is, if you look at your numbers in China versus some of your major peers in that area, I mean, you really outshone in China. Can you just talk about just share dynamics ttheyre that are going on? I mean, as I said, ttheyre was a pretty stark comparison between you and your main LC competitor ttheyre. And I guess, also along those lines, can you talk about potentially any sign of a budget -- any sign of a budget flush into sort of thinking about 4Q trends? What are you theyaring in terms of people with budgets? And are ttheyy going to be allowed to roll things over and to -- or are ttheyy going to have to use it or lose it? Just some dynamics in terms of growth on tthey fourth quarter and just sort of to your general thoughts on what customer spending habits are? Mike McMullen I'm going to have Jacob handle tthey first question. And Jacob, you can pass it back to Bob and I for tthey second question. And I know Jacob would be just delighted to talk about tthey share dynamics in China, which we think are very positive for Agilent? Jacob Thaysen Yes. Thanks for that. And tthey number speaks for itself. It's clear that both in China but I think actually globally that we right now will be taking care. And ttheir doesn’t come like coincidence. We have been executing our strategy to make a deal over tthey past year. And tthey customers are really buying into our value proposition. We are playing a game wtheyre we are leveraging our whole portfolio, not going after one product line versus each ottheyr and tthey customer really likes that we’re outcome based. So that's what is happening right now. And we see theyre in tthey crisis that not only are ttheyy excited about tthey investments we have done over tthey past year, but also, as Mike talked about, in tthey digital world, into tthey work world, we have been very optimistic and super responsive ttheyy have taken off tthey digital, we take challenge variable very, very good and tthey customers responded very, very positive to it. Ttheyy know that wtheyn ttheyy work with Agilent that we are ttheyre for ttheym in ttheir crisis. Mike McMullen And ttheyn, on tthey ottheyr question, Derek, what we're theyaring from our customers, particularly in tthey public sector and we’re seeing it in our order book, and while I'll offer my perspective theyre, and feel free to build on my comments theyre. But, ttheyre's a real sense of making sure ttheyy commit to tthey budgets. So, we're seeing it both in our order book as well as order activity, wtheyre ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty what's going to happen post elections as we go into 2021. So, ttheyy want to commit those funds. And it's actually quite amazing tthey amount of deal activity that's going to occur without visiting a customer face to face. So Bob, I don’t know what you're theyaring from field… Bob McMahon Tthey only thing I would add is just reiterate what Jacob was saying, because it's not just China. I think, wtheyn you look at our LSAG portfolio, I think what people don't fully appreciate is, is how we've actually changed tthey portfolio to technology platforms, ttheyy're probably tthey best -- in tthey best shape ttheyy have been in probably five years in terms of new products and so forth. And I think you're seeing that across tthey globe. And wtheyn we think about wtheyre we ended up in Q3, LSAG was certainly tthey standout relative to wtheyre we thought ttheyy were going to be. In a capital constrained environment only down 4% on a core basically speaks to our responsiveness to customers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brandon Couillard Bob, on tthey gross margin line, you mentioned higtheyr logistics cost in tthey third quarter. Is that a new trend? And ttheyn, could you theylp us just think through some of tthey puts and takes, wtheyttheyr it's logistics costs or mix and how those puts and takes might evolve in tthey fourth quarter? Bob McMahon Yes. Sure. We’re hoping that's not a trend that's going to be around for a while, but it certainly was exacerbated in tthey Q3. That being said, I would say three quarters of that was probably mix, wtheyn you look at tthey various businesses across each one of tthey groups. But, wtheyre we saw logistics, challenges are, it's lower capacity and freight and air capacity. But we would expect that -- and we actually saw that through tthey quarter to kind of relax. And I think as you’re starting to see more intercontinental travel, both from a passenger standpoint as well as freight standpoint we would expect that to kind of relax over time. Brandon Couillard Okay. And ttheyn, Bob or Mike, you're not quite giving formal forward-looking guidance yet, but you do feel comfortable enough to restart tthey buyback program. Just what are your latest thoughts just around comfort as far as capital deployment goes and maybe your appetite for M&A right now and what tthey funnel might look like ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Brandon. And I'll start off theyre, and Bob, feel free to jump in. But, we felt quite comfortable resuming our share repurchase program on tthey non-dilutive perspective, and we'll be looking at opportunistic as well. And cash flow remains strong. We felt for some time that tthey third quarter of ttheir year would be tthey tougtheyst quarter for us for tthey year. We’re through that now. And tthey third quarter actually was significantly better than we had thought. And we saw positive growth across all tthey businesses in July. So, we think, okay, barring some kind of major flare-up, we should be able to continue to see ttheir gradual improvement of growth in tthey fourth quarter, sort of our message. So, we have tthey comp. We also narrowed tthey framework that we provided, it’s more narrower than it was in Q3. But again, I think we need to keep in mind ourselves that we still -- ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty associated with tthey pandemic. I think, our capital deployment approach remains unchanged, which is, we certainly wanted a balanced approach to capital deployment across dividends, cash, share repos and with tthey prioritization of investment in business, we just made a significant commitment in capital with our new NASD expansion. And we're still on tthey hunt for deals that make sense for Agilent. So, our approach to capital deployment really fundamentally remains unchanged. We paused a bit in tthey second quarter just because -- on tthey share repo because of tthey -- in tthey early part of tthey third quarter, given what was going on in tthey environment outside of Agilent. So, we feel pretty good about wtheyre we are right now and have a reasonable level of confidence, and ttheyre is decent level of stability about tthey business. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Dan Leonard So, maybe just to circle back… Mike McMullen Hey Dan. Dan Leonard Hi Mike. So, maybe ttheir is a question for Bob, talking again about tthey Q4 framework. So, if your business grew in July and tthey world improves month to month through October, what does that imply ttheyn tthey high end should be above that 1% organic growth number? Bob McMahon It could be. I'll just leave it at that. Ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty and so forth. But certainly, we wouldn't complain if it was better than that. Dan Leonard Okay. And ttheyn, my follow-up, whoever wants to take it, on tthey NASD business. Can you elaborate on, what's tthey lead time for that announced expansion? Is it something that would take a year or multiple years to put in tthey new line, or is it a quicker turn? And can you comment on your willingness to commit capital inorganically in that business in addition to your organic commitments? Bob McMahon I'll take tthey first one just real quick. And ttheyn, Mike, if you want to add something on tthey second one. We announced that we would make that $150 million investment and we would expect it to go live towards tthey end of 2022. So, it's taking a little longer than just a regular train. Sam mentioned train A on steroids. So, it's bigger, and probably take a little more capital. And obviously with COVID-19 ttheyre's some activity ttheyre in terms of little long lead time. But, we feel like we have tthey capacity to be able to manage us through that time, and ttheyn that will come online at tthey end of 2020. Mike McMullen Yes. I think, it’s perhaps end of '22. And don’t specifically talk about specific targets or areas of focus, certainly, but it's not out of tthey realm of reason that I would say, why wouldn’t we want to furttheyr expand ttheir business inorganically as well? So, that's not out of tthey realm. I'm not singling anything near-term happening. But we think we're operating from a position of strength theyre in ttheir business. We had a first -- get our new factory up and running and build for that. So, we now think we have a, if you will, a beachtheyad to build from both, organically and inorganically. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Zachary Schulte with Baird. Your line is open. Zachary Schulte I guess, first, despite tthey relatively good LSAG results in tthey quarter, it sounds like tthey outlook on tthey capital equipment side is still a bit uncertain. Can you just talk to how tthey services and consumable side of tthey business trended in July, and what your expectations are for instrumentation trends in tthey coming quarters? Bob McMahon Yes. I think -- Zachary, ttheir is Bob, all three of our businesses actually performed better in July than ttheyy did in May and June, which was very positive. Tthey ACG business actually led tthey charge in terms of that, as you would expect, given tthey resumption of activities. Ttheyre's some catch up ttheyre, in terms of -- we saw that kind of ptheynomenon actually in China, in April. But ultimately ACG was ttheyre. I think, LSAG capital is going to continue to be constrained. But I think what we've seen in our business is we've talked about ttheir in tthey past kind of ttheir flight to quality. And with our instrumentation and tthey reputation that we have, I think in a capital constrained environment, those dollars are precious. And we think our positioning is very good vis-à-vis tthey market. Mike McMullen Yes. I tried to hit that in my remarks, which as I really say, theyy listen, we know we're picking up share in a tight market. And I think you saw that on C&E, right, which is if a C&E capital purchase is going down, it's coming Agilent’s way. And that's why -- and tthey market is still cautious, but you see PMI starting to creep up a bit, so. Bob McMahon Yes, Zachary, just one last thing, to give you maybe a little more color. If we look across tthey groups, we would expect LSAG to still be negative in Q4. I mean, it's probably going to lag, given tthey [Multiple Speakers] big fourth quarter last year as well. Zachary Schulte And ttheyn, Mike, you mentioned seeing growth in all regions for tthey non-COVID diagnostics business exiting tthey quarter. Can you just give us a sense of wtheyre those activity levels are in tthey U.S. versus China and wtheyre ttheyy bottomed out across tthey different regions? Mike McMullen Sure. So, I think, I’d say China is in lead position in terms of if you -- almost full recovery. Europe is second and tthey U.S. is trailing. So for tthey first -- throughout tthey quarter, if I look at Sam's business in tthey U.S., for example, tthey first two months were negative of diagnostic testing values in pathology. But we saw actually improvement to growth in July. So, I think that's sort of tthey pattern of how tthey pandemic has flowed around tthey world. China is back. Europe's on its way. And I'd say, U.S. is still in tthey early stages of recovery. Bob McMahon Yes. And I would say, in tthey U.S. it’s probably -- and keep me honest, Sam it’s -- we're probably still at about 80% pre-COVID levels from a diagnostics perspective, but improving wtheyre it was. It was below that at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, so. Does that sound, Sam? Sam Raha It does. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open. Steve Willoughby Just one question for you. A lot of my ottheyr questions have already been answered. 90 days ago, you made a brief comment about potential onshoring back in tthey U.S. Just was wondering if ttheyre's any update on that at all? Mike McMullen Thanks, Steve. Happy to comment on that. I think, that's still going to happen. And ttheyse things take time. But, ttheyre's active discussion. And, by tthey way, I wouldn't say it's just confined I tthey United States. I mean, many geographies are now looking at tthey security of ttheyir supply chain, both in tthey pharma side as well as in tthey ctheymical marketplace wtheyre ttheyy're providing precursors into tthey APIs for tthey pharma chains. So, ttheyre's nothing significant to announce relative to tthey impact on business, but ttheyre does seem to be an overall trend in ttheir regard. And I can say also from an Agilent perspective, we're working hard to make sure that our supply chain is secure as well. So, I think that tthey COVID-19 pandemic is a real wake up call to really some vulnerabilities in some aspects of supply chain. So, we're kind of working both sides of it, which are to ensure our own ability to deliver product under multiple scenarios, as well as we do see some market trends underway. Bob, I know you take a look at ttheir pretty… Bob McMahon Yes. Just to build on that, we talked a little bit about earlier in tthey call. We would expect that to see some of that opportunity show in our order book. And that's probably more a ‘21 timeframe for revenue. I wouldn't expect any of that to happen in Q4, just given tthey kind of timing. But you're seeing it in multiple end markets in multiple regions. We think ttheir is a trend that will continue. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Brennan with UBS. Your line is open. Dan Brennan Maybe first question just on ctheymical and energy, obviously, you've already highlighted a few comments throughout tthey call. But just wondering if you can kind of walk through a little more color separate trends within that segment by customer in ctheymical and if it's worth seeing if ttheyre's going to be divergence theyre between ctheymical and A&P and R&M? And ttheyn secondarily, maybe just remind us of how much of that business is tied towards like QA/QC versus R&D and kind of what are we looking for to determine wtheyttheyr or not ttheir down 10% begins to improve more reliably, or if it's going to save tthey slow steady progress that you believe? Mike McMullen Hey, Bob, why don't I make some initial comments, and ttheyn we can ctheyck our notes to see if I missed anything. But, I think unlike tthey last quarter, tthey mix theyre -- and I think both tthey ctheymical and tthey energy later side had about tthey same dynamics wtheyre both were down about tthey same, primarily on tthey instrument side. And on one hand, tthey ctheymical side of tthey business was really benefiting -- continues benefit from tthey low oil prices. But, some of ttheyir end markets are weak, wtheyttheyr be automotive or some of tthey ottheyr markets that ttheyy service are weak. Some of ttheym are getting a little bit of theylp on COVID-19 related products. But overall, I'd say both, tthey ctheymical side, as well as tthey energy side of that are down about tthey same, but stable. And I have to say that Bob and I had talked to at some length about ttheir in our last call. And our prediction at tthey time was we thought we were going to be in a stable situation relative to ttheir. That wasn’t going to get any worse. That was sort of tthey question we were getting last call. So, I think we're really pleased to see that that came through ttheir quarter. And we expect that eventually ttheir thing will start to move back to grow. I think it's probably a 70-30 mix, wtheyre most of it’s in QA/QC. And that's why ttheyse facilities are running, albeit maybe not at full volume. So, QA/QC equipment will be needed as well as consumer services that go with it. So, ttheyy can only hold off tthey depots on that side for so long. Ttheyre is an element of research. But I think in tthey ctheymical and energy space, tthey biggest driver for that is tthey QA/QC side of tthey business. Bob McMahon Yes. And tthey only thing I’d add, Dan is we would expect ttheir, as you said, kind of steady slow progress going forward. Dan Brennan Okay. And ttheyn, maybe one different follow-up, I know -- a couple of questions on China. But maybe could you just go a little bit more into detail on what you saw in food and generics? Obviously COVID is impacting tthey globe and tthey recovery. But, you've got some pretty unique issues with food and generics that are maybe a little different. So, dependent upon tthey improvement or lack ttheyreof, that could drive notable changes in China. So, what did you see ttheyre? And what's tthey outlook as we look forward to those segments? Bob McMahon Yes. I was going to say, Dan, one of tthey things we were incredibly proud of in China was all three of tthey business groups grew and all of our end markets grew, really led by food, which was up over 20%. It's been a while since we've been able to say that. And so, we think that -- we talked about kind of tthey moves away from tthey government labs or tthey central labs into tthey commercial labs, and we think that that's stabilized, and team has really been able to garner share, or our view of capacity in that space. And ttheyn, in pharma, it continues to perform very well. Actually, pharma was up roughly 10% in China, and that's a combination of both, large and small molecule. And I think that our ttheysis around that continues to play out, which is that tthey winners of tthey 4 plus 7 or tthey tendering process are -- customers that wtheyre we are over indexed, and we continue to see that positive momentum, we actually saw acceleration from Q2 to Q3 in both, food and pharma, and tthey rest of tthey businesses were positive as well. So, I think, it’s broad-based. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly with Citigroup. Your line is open. Patrick Donnelly Mike, maybe just one for you on -- I know, ttheyre’s been a few questions in July obviously. But with all tthey businesses returning to growth, I guess, is it safe to assume you guys didn't see too much of a pullback around tthey second wave theyre in tthey U.S., even tthey first few weeks of August? It sounds like you're a little more cautious on Americas versus ottheyr geographies. But, just wondering, any surprises on an end market basis in tthey U.S., as you went through July and even early August, given tthey reoccurrence of virus? Mike McMullen No, I'll jump in on ttheir. But from our perspective, I don't know real surprises. Maybe we're -- like all of us are watching what was happening with tthey pandemic as it worked its way across throughout tthey U.S. and we saw tthey case numbers go up and lab access was down really sharply April, May, June and we started seeing some recovery. So, I think no real surprises versus what we thought. Bob McMahon Yes. I would agree. I mean, Patrick, ttheir is Bob. Tthey Americas, as Mike said earlier, is in fact tthey biggest variable because it's furttheyr along in its recovery than both Europe and China. And I think, tthey thing that we're watching is those COVID flare-ups and tthey potential impact on elective procedures, which would impact our diagnostics business. That's probably got tthey biggest variability going into Q4 relative to LSAG and ACG. But, to Mike's point, we did not see any significant change with ttheyse flare-ups in August -- or excuse me in July and early August. Patrick Donnelly And ttheyn, bunch of that good commentary on tthey ctheymical and energy and industrial side. Just want to and just clarify, I mean it certainly seems like tthey industrial sentiment feels like it might have bottomed. It seems like your tone is little bit better from three months ago. Even though, again, ctheymical and energy is probably going to be down similar ttheir quarter and again next quarter. But, I guess what you're theyaring from customers ttheyre on spend plans? Again, it sounds like you're a little more optimistic and talking a little more bullishly about '21. So, I'm just wondering, I guess, as we enter into tthey end of ttheir fiscal year into '21, are you seeing things improve a little bit? Obviously, you’ll come up against very easy comps, but it does seem like tthey tone is a little more positive. So, are you theyaring from customers, things that are trending a little bit better into '21? Mike McMullen Yes. I think that's a fair assessment of what I was trying to communicate today. First of all, tthey fact that we do think it's bottomed. And that was our ttheysis wtheyn things started going directly down and tthey pandemic hit. So, we do see that. Again, I don't want to get too far out and describe some big dramatic increase in growth in ttheir space. But, customers are working on tthey plans. Ctheyvron actually is making some big investments in Iraq. So capital -- ttheyse are ongoing concerns, and ttheyy can hold back ttheyir capital for a while, but ttheyy're going to want to maintain ttheyir operations at tthey higtheyst capabilities. So, we're hopeful that tthey budget environment will be a little bit different in '21. I think once we get a little bit more clarity, once our customers feeling more clarity in ttheyir view wtheyre tthey economy's gone, ttheyn ttheyy can make ttheyir decisions with a lot more confidence. So, tthey PMIs are good view of how some of ttheym may be changing. So, again, don't over interpret ttheir for fourth quarter, but it does point to '21 being perhaps a better environment. Operator And your last question comes from tthey line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open. Jack Meehan So, I wanted to go back to tthey NASD business and just get a little bit more color. Are you working on any of tthey mRNA-based COVID-19 vaccine? I guess, curious because tthey trials are going so quickly. I was curious to get your take if one [indiscernible] and into commercial within tthey next six months, how would you manage tthey business to deliver on tthey capacity that customer might need for that? Mike McMullen Hey, Sam, I’m going to pass that to you. Sam Raha Yes. no problem, Mike. So, I can't comment specifically on tthey molecule or tthey molecule of tthey projects that we're doing related to COVID-19. But, two things I will point out. As Bob indicated earlier, ttheir is business separate for or different than tthey business we're already doing or it's not taking tthey place of business, if you will. And we believe, we have tthey capacity and that's -- if tthey demand is ttheyre related to certain things playing out related to COVID-19 and tthey molecule that we happen to be working on, we believe we will be in a position to be able to supply that material as tthey volume required. Jack Meehan And ttheyn, one more follow-up on LSAG. I'm just curious, as you're looking at tthey research labs around tthey globe, kind of in ttheir conversation around deferral versus cancellation, what are customers telling you? Is it still mostly deferrals versus cancellations? And on tthey deferral side, wtheyn do you expect ttheyse, how far out is it getting puttheyyd something that you think it hits before tthey end of tthey year or probably more likely in calendar '21? Mike McMullen Hey Jack. Happy to answer ttheir question. Ttheir is something we've been monitoring pretty closely, deferrals versus cancellations. And we've really been pleased, our cancellations are actually lower than last year. And our ttheysis is ttheyy’re being puttheyyd and actually funds will be deployed ttheir calendar year. Bob McMahon Yes. That's what we actually -- we saw that -- Jack, some of that actually happened in Q3. And as people are going back into tthey labs physically ttheyre, ttheyn ttheyy can install tthey instrumentation. But to Mike's point, we've seen no cancellation or lower cancellations than what we would have last year. Ttheyre's always some level of it. I would say that we've been extraordinarily pleased. And I would expect it to happen ttheir calendar year. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey allotted time for our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Ankur for any closing remarks. Ankur Dhingra Yes. So, that concludes tthey call for today. Thanks, everyone for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.