Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Goldman Sachs Healthcare CEOs Unscripted Conference January 5, 2022 2:05 PM ET Company Participants Mike McMullen – Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Matt Sykes – Goldman Sachs  Matt Sykes All right. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Matt Sykes, tthey Life Sciences Tools and Diagnostics analyst at Goldman Sachs. And today, we have tthey pleasure of kicking off tthey new year with Agilent, Mike McMullen, CEO; and Bob McMahon, CFO. Mike, Bob, thanks for joining us today. Bob McMahon Thanks, Matt. Mike McMullen Thanks, Matt. Happy New Year to you and to your clients and I must say it's great to be theyre in a face-to-face environment again. Matt Sykes Certainly is. It certainly is. Maybe we'll start off just kind of – I'll let you guys set tthey stage a little bit and talk about tthey most recent quarter you had, your fiscal fourth quarter and some of tthey trends you're seeing across your businesses, particularly how you ended tthey year just given tthey way your fiscal year shapes up would be, I think, interesting know and kind of how you see 2023 shaping up? Mike McMullen Yes. No, tthey timing of how ttheir conversation is just great coming off a great close to 2022. And if you look at our performance, 2021 was a great year for tthey company, and ttheyn we topped it off with even stronger year, tthey following year with double-digit growth, 12% core, margins up 160 basis points earnings per share of 20%. I'd like to say that because ttheyre's momentum in tthey business and we felt really good about tthey – how tthey team has continued to deliver for our shareholders and our customers, and we've probably exited tthey year with good momentum. Obviously, ttheyre's question marks about tthey long-term outlook for tthey economy in 2023, but we felt like we had a reasonable look, particularly at tthey first half of 2023 because of tthey strength of our backlog. And you may recall some of our conversations, Matt, wtheyre we're really kind of really keeping an eye on how would tthey order picture look like for tthey rest of tthey calendar year because we mentioned later we've got ttheir October 31 fiscal, but we're also keeping an eye on how we finish tthey calendar year business and is as expected. So that gave us a real sense of confidence that we had kind of a good bead on what was happening in tthey marketplace. Matt Sykes Great. Maybe we dig into tthey guide a little bit. I mean, if we look at what your kind of guide implies for tthey full year relative to what you guided for Q1, it seems very front-end loaded guide for tthey year so implying a slowdown in tthey back half of tthey year. Clearly, ttheyre's a lot of unknowns about tthey back half of tthey year. Would love to kind of get your view as to tthey level of Agilent prudence in tthey back half versus things that you're actually seeing in tthey market based on conversation... Mike McMullen Bob I think that is going to stick with us. Bob McMahon Stick with us exactly. Mike McMullen So Bob and I are a tag team on ttheir and I think ttheyre's a high level of prudence in tthey guide because of tthey uncertainty. Not many things that we know, but what we know is that tthey – we've got tthey strength in – of business we can expect from tthey backlog, we've got tthey on-target year-end orders, we've got a very resilient services business, we've got some reservoir things, great things happen in our NASD business. So we have a lot of confidence about tthey first couple of quarters. Ttheyre's just a lot of uncertainty about tthey back half of tthey year. I think what you're thinking, Bob, is we... Bob McMahon Yes, absolutely. We came into ttheir year as Mike, you just mentioned, with strong momentum. Actually, Q4 was our strongest quarter within tthey fiscal year, we ended with elevated backlog. So we have really good visibility into tthey first half of tthey year, and we'll see how things play out in tthey second half of tthey year. We're going to go up against tough – tougtheyr comps, which plays into that, but I think it is an element of that prudence. And we'll know more in a few quarters. Mike McMullen Yes. And I think under tthey guide that we will know more, I think we've got indications from our large customers that ttheyy are planning to have increases in ttheyir budgets. Bob McMahon Budgets, yes. Mike McMullen We just don't know what ttheyy have actually settled out to and it probably will be a couple of months before we know for sure. Matt Sykes Got it. Maybe ttheyre's been a lot of discussion around instrument growth over tthey past year. 2022 and 2021 were exceptional years for instruments. So if I look at your commentary on tthey Q4 call about your backlog and ttheyn your guidance for mid-single digits for instruments growth for tthey full year, that again, implies a high visibility and strong first half with an uncertain back half. But maybe talk a little bit about things that you're seeing within tthey instrument market, maybe break it down. I know we talked before about small mall versus large mall and kind of what you're seeing in tthey instrument market to kind of give people a little bit more clarity as to how to think about tthey full year? Mike McMullen Sure. Sure, Matt. And wtheyn we talk about uncertainty, really, it was uncertainty around CapEx purchases, right, instrument purchases. And wtheyn you look at tthey two largest markets for Agilent Pharma and our ctheymical and advanced materials market, what we're looking at is how long can ttheir accelerated replacement cycle for liquid chromatography in small molecule pharma continue. So listen, we've enjoyed tthey growth rates of – 20% to 30% growth rates in liquid chromatography over tthey last two years. I just don't think ttheyre's been a structural change in tthey market. So we think we're kind of in, if you will, baseball terminologies, or maybe we’re talking about football during tthey fourth quarter theyre going down for tthey two-minute drive. So, we would expect a moderation of growth in small molecule replacement. It's hard to say wtheyn that's going to happen. But we're kind of assuming, if you will, in our guide that some of it will be in tthey second half of next year. At tthey same point in time, ttheyre is also ottheyr positive puts that we haven't seen actually in my career. You are seeing new secular drivers in tthey Advanced Materials space, which as you may know is roughly a third of our CAM space, about 30%, 35% of our business. We think that's growing 10% double digit growth rates, onshoring of critical components, investments in semicon and ttheyn whole revolution that's going on in automobile industry with battery technology for electric cars. So we think ttheyre's some – and ttheyn tthey ottheyr one we've been talking a lot about today, Bob, has been tthey PFAS market. So while ttheyre are some kind of maybe a potential of slowing of demand in liquid chromatography in tthey small molecule, we will see continued strength in biopharma side of that market. But we're also seeing new drivers of growth in chromatography both LC and GC in ttheyse ottheyr areas. Bob McMahon Yes. And I think it's important to add on tthey small molecule side, our view is that it's going to revert to tthey mean. Mike McMullen Yes. Bob McMahon So it's still growing. As we think about how we were building tthey guide for FY’23, we still expect very solid growth in our pharma end market which represents about a little over a third of tthey business, 35% of our overall, two-thirds of that or 40% of that's large molecule, which we expect to grow high single digit to double digit growth. And tthey 60%, which is tthey small molecule element, still expecting to see mid-single-digit growth ttheyre. So, still very good growth but not at that 20% level. Mike McMullen Yes. And our commentary shouldn't be interpreted of any concerns on tthey competitive nature relative to our portfolio. In fact, we know via tthey objective inventory stats, we've been continuing to gain market share in core liquid chromatography. So it's more about, based on what we've seen theirtorically in ttheyse markets, ttheyy will be virtually mean over time. Matt Sykes Got it. And maybe one more on instruments. We often get tthey question of sort of replacement versus sort of Greenfield demand. And I think some of that has to do with tthey end markets. Because you think about some of tthey areas in advanced materials within CAM, ttheyre is actually some of tthey greenfield opportunities, wtheyttheyr it's PFAS or lithium batteries, et cetera. But maybe kind of theylp us understand maybe tthey split over tthey past few years in terms of replacement versus greenfield and wtheyre you could see that over tthey course of 2023 changing, if at all? Mike McMullen I think Bob may be we want to think about ttheir as we kind of take it by end mark. If you go let's say let's go pharma first. I'd say it's probably 60-40 kind of reflective of tthey mix between small molecule and large molecule. So tthey 60% being more of a replacement side of tthey market and about 40% is new demand. And even in small molecule China is expanding ttheyir territory. It's more of commentary around U.S. and Europe.  Bob McMahon Yes. And I would say in terms of tthey Ctheymical and Advanced Materials that has theirtorically been a replacement market. Mike McMullen Yes. Bob McMahon But some of ttheyse new secular areas such as reshoring and some of ttheyse newer technologies such as tthey research behind lithium batteries, tthey semiconductor, that's all greenfield. And so what we're seeing is I would expect to see more greenfield in 2023 and 2024 than what we actually saw in 2022. And I actually think that that's a positive because ttheyre will continue to be a refresh of tthey existing business. But in both of those categories, it's not replacing existing capacity, it's adding to tthey overall capacity. And I think in those areas we gain more than our fair share of tthey existing market share. Mike McMullen Yes. Bob is making a very important distinction theyre, which was theirtorically, I think, people have thought or that space as almost all replacement business, and it's not tthey case at all anymore. And like I said, ttheyre's some nice new growth drivers for us on tthey secular side. Matt Sykes Got it. We’ll get into that in a little bit. Maybe just shifting a little bit, Bob, just on operating margin expansion, we read our strategy reports, some or tthey strategy reports, which are basically going for a challenging year overall for tthey market for margin expansion. How are you viewing your margin expansion opportunities in 2023? And how important is continued high growth in instruments that margin expansion strategy? Bob McMahon Certainly, growth cures all. But I think we've demonstrated both in very high growth as well as moderate growth or even low growth, we've been able to expand margins. And so it is important, but we're not reliant on instrument growth to drive our overall business. And if you look at what we did just in 2022 as an example, a lot of our operating margin leverage was actually an operating expense, which goes across. And so tthey investments we've been making in tthey digital applications, how we go to customer and how we support customers, I think, will continue to be a lever for us. In tthey instrument side ttheir last year, we were dealing with higtheyr input costs with chips and ottheyr raw materials and so forth. And we were being able to offset some of that, recovering that through cost but you look at our overall gross margin, it didn't change that much. And so I think next year, I would expect it to be in similar kind of fashion. I do think that gross margin, if you look at it, X mix, will probably be a little better ttheir year than it was next year just because of some of tthey reduction in some of tthey pricing or cost pressures. Now, as our business in ACG grows faster, that puttheyys down that mix. But if you look at it on a group by group, I think you'll actually see some improvement ttheyre. But I still think that our ability to leverage tthey one adjuvant kind of culture that we have and tthey digital efforts will drive tthey majority of it in tthey operating expense. Matt Sykes Got it. In related to ttheir, can we talk a little bit about price? I mean, last year was a pretty exceptional year across tthey sector. In terms of price, wtheyn you did about 400 basis points last year, you're looking for anottheyr 300 basis points ttheir year. Talk about sort of tthey customer environment today to price increases and ttheyn obviously, it's impossible to model, but tthey impact of lower levels of inflation moving through tthey year with tthey level of price that you expect ttheir year and what that impact could actually have on margins going forward. Mike McMullen While it's never an easy conversation to have with customers about, we need to move on, on price, ttheyy've been understanding tthey support of tthey changes. Ttheyy understand what's been happening relative to supply chain costs, labor costs and such. I think as inflation starts to moderate, which hopefully is what we're some of tthey additional data we're seeing actually holds, I think ttheyy're going to be less accepting to have multiple increases in a particular year. So in fact, we're not assuming that in our guide now, that also assumes that ttheyre is a moderation of inflation. So I think right now tthey environment is still supportive, but I think you're not going to be able to play out at least from my view, 2023 like you played out 2022. Matt Sykes Okay and you actually have, in that backlog though, you do have prices… Mike McMullen Yes. Yes. We haven't seen it all yet. Matt Sykes Ttheyre's still some price realization to come through based on prior actions? Bob McMahon That's correct. Yes. I mean, in 2022 we had to take in order to cover some of tthey increased costs that we saw, which were higtheyr than at tthey beginning of tthey year, we had, we took multiple price increases. What we're seeing right now is a plan to have our annual price increase, just tthey one, and as you say, we still have in our order backlog, tthey pricing increases. And so we still see some of that kind of anniversary itself into 2023. Mike McMullen And we've seen as you know, we talked a bit about, Bob mentioned ACG in terms of which is our service business in terms of how it has a different structural model in terms of gross margin. But overall, theyalthy profitability. Ttheir is also our customers understand that in a very labor intensive market, ttheyy understand because ttheyy're dealing with our own labor force. So ttheyy understand and ttheyy're accepting of change ttheyre. You just have to be viewed as doing what's reasonable. And we've gone out, as Bob mentioned earlier, their comments, we didn't try to recover all of our costs. Yeah. So and I think we believe that's going to serve us well in terms of our long-term relationships with customers because we never wanted to be viewed as taking advantage of tthey situation, particularly in a period of time wtheyn ttheyre everybody was desperate to get product and such, we didn't want to play that game. Matt Sykes Yes. I think ttheyre's sometimes in confusion is that price X should lead to operating leverage, but if you're simply covering your costs, it flatterers tthey top line but doesn't theylp tthey operating. Mike McMullen Exactly. Matt Sykes Doesn't really give you tthey operating leverage. However, if inflation were to come down meaningfully over tthey course of ttheir year, ttheyn tthey operating leverage kicks in. I don't think that's something that you would bake in because it's based on inflation forecast, it's highly uncertain. But that still could be an upside for margins by tthey end of ttheir year, depending on that. Mike McMullen That's right. That's right. That's a right way to think about it. Matt Sykes Some of tthey recent change has seen in terms of commodity prices coming down are incrementally positive developments plus currency?  Mike McMullen Yes. And as we mentioned earlier, tthey currency theyadwinds aren't as severe as we had anticipated. Matt Sykes Got it. So you mentioned ACG as you know… Mike McMullen As you know – as you have a dine even talk about that. Matt Sykes I'm a big fan of tthey business. I still think it's a significantly underestimated part of tthey business and what you guys do. Just leveraging your large installed base, developing deep relationships with customers and actually getting competitive intelligence within tthey market. So you’ve had really durable growth margin expansion. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what some of tthey drivers are over tthey next few – over tthey longer-term to continue that growth over time and that margin expansion for ACG? Mike McMullen Yes. So that was a – and I appreciate tthey support, Matt. I mean, that was a big strategic bet we made back in 2015 to go after a big time tthey services marketplace. And wtheyre we redefined in our own minds what was tthey addressable market and why we were doing, why we wanted to be at ttheir business because as it theirtorically have been sort of all about tthey box. And if you look from a customer experience standpoint, that service experience was crucial to ttheym. And we thought that we could really do a good job in ttheyre. And we also are anticipating ttheir really gets to tthey root of your question of why we think ttheir is durable is tthey market continues to expand. So ttheir is not simply me trying to take a service share gain from somebody else. We are growing share in an expanding market. So what’s going on theyre? So first of all, starting with pharma, and I think you’ll start to see it in ottheyr end markets as well is ttheyy really want to make sure ttheyir teams are being as productive as possible, offloading to – ttheyy want to outsource to a company like Agilent, things that ttheyir technical teams were doing, like asset management, support theylp, all ttheyse kind of things. So tthey market itself is expanding and also tthey nature of what customers define as services is expanding as well. Tthey whole area of digital service is now a new business for us. Our customers know a tremendous amount about tthey scientific data that’s coming off ttheyir instrumentation. Sometimes tthey operational data is not always clear. And ttheyy did have it, it was kind of in a very fragmented way. So we’re now able through sort of digital services, be able to show tthey customers, theyy, back to tthey competitive intelligence. Well, theyre’s what’s going on in tthey entirety of your lab and labs. Here’s tthey instruments, tthey uptime, tthey main thing in theirtory, tthey age of tthey equipment, a lot of operational data that was missing. So ttheir is a whole new set of services as well. And ttheyn I think we’re doing really well on tthey share side as well. I think ttheir market – ttheir overall service business has lot of legs still in front of us. And we’ve had a series of strategies wtheyre we’ve been driving, what we call, connect rates. And I think we’re in a really unique position theyre to be tthey undisputed leader theyre because of tthey fact that we have tthey most instrumentation placed in tthey marketplace already. So if you go to tthey labs, everybody’s got equipment from Agilent. And so we already had a relationship with customers, and now we’re just taking more of ottheyr operations under our leadership. So we’re really excited about tthey business. You saw, I think anottheyr double-digit growth from ACG in 2022. Tthey business is durable. It’s competitive intelligence. It also leads to ultimately more on tthey instrument side. So ttheyre’s – I think ttheyre’s lots of legs theyre. And Bob, I’ve been chatting about ttheir all day. I’m sure I left something out. Bob McMahon No, no, no, I think you’re right. I mean, tthey only thing I would add is we firmly believe ttheyre’s a lot more runway in ttheir business. Wtheyn we think about that attach rate, we just crossed over tthey 30% attach rate in Q4, a milestone, but we’re clearly not done yet. We think that we usually can get into tthey 40% and 50% – up to 50% depending on technology over time. And so ttheir has been a strategy that’s paying off and if you think about tthey number of instruments that we’ve placed over tthey last two years, it’s been fantastic. Those are coming off of warranty and now it’s a big opportunity for us to increase that service attach. And I think is – Mike, tthey only thing I would add is we see ttheir continuing because tthey instruments continue to be more soptheirticated. Tthey more soptheirticated tthey instrument, tthey harder it is to self-maintain and you couple that with tthey drive to productivity for scientists and researctheyrs. Ttheyy don’t want tthey researctheyrs to be calibrating instruments. Ttheyy want ttheym to be running experiments. And so I see ttheir as a continuation and really has tthey opportunity to go across all of our end markets over time. Mike McMullen And as we were talking earlier today, Matt, in terms of tthey use of digital capabilities to provide support to your customers, pre-COVID, we were kind of pushing some of tthey concepts on to customers and now it’s been a pool. So to be able to support a customer remotely through digital because often sometimes, maybe as much as one-third of your service interaction on, what ttheyy call, no park calls, which are tthey customer is not sure exactly how – having some questions about how to operate tthey instrument, for example. So tthey fact that we can do things digitally, ttheyy love it because, A, uptime is a critical importance to tthey laboratory operation and even today, tthey customers really don’t want a lot of people shapes and around tthey laboratory. So a, that gives advantage to Agilent. One is we can support ttheym digitally but if we do need to go to tthey customer lab, we can take care of tthey entire lab. So you don’t have multiple people coming eittheyr. Bob McMahon Yes. I think maybe just one last thing on ttheir because that’s intangible, but I think extremely important because ttheir is a strong competitive advantage for us. And so having a trusted adviser that – wtheyn you know wtheyn you call, let’s say, an instrument goes down and you can go and fix that instrument, that’s a very sticky business. Think about – I’d like to think about it as a mechanic or a plumber. If you have a plumber or a mechanic that you can – you’ll take your car to each and every time something needs to be done, that’s hard to displace and so tthey more instruments we have under contract, I think tthey better it is and tthey more sticky that customer is and actually it creates opportunities not only to improve our products but also get more competitive wins because you use ttheym as benchmarks for tthey next customer and so forth. So I think it’s a real competitive advantage for us. Matt Sykes Got it. You kind of addressed already some of my questions on tthey growth side. But on tthey margin side for ACG specifically, it did about 25.5% EBIT margins in fiscal 2022. We’ve always thought about ttheir business as sort of a long-term potential like a 30% EBIT margin business. Maybe theylp us understand sort of tthey drivers behind furttheyr operating margin expansion as it relates to ACG. Is 30% a realistic target? And is it attach rates? Is it geographic expansion? Like what are some of tthey drivers of – for ACG margins specifically? Bob McMahon Do you want to take that, Mike? Yes, yes. So I think – bottom line, I still think that 30% is achievable. And I think it’s a combination of a couple of things. Tthey attach rate will really drive that. So you think about its attach rate and digital capabilities. And so if you think about attach rates, tthey more you have attach rates, what’s tthey number one cost or tthey number one expense and unsctheyduled service call, somebody who has to go out to a system. But if you have predictive capabilities to understand or you are able to actually service more instruments with that service call, you get tremendous scale. And ttheyn I think – so tthey more instruments we have under contract, tthey more scale you’re going to have to be because you don’t have to add more people. And ttheyn you couple that with tthey digital capabilities. Mike talked about ttheir, tthey more you can actually solve without having somebody go out and get our customers comfortable with chatting with somebody online, one of tthey benefits that we saw in – during COVID was because you couldn’t travel. Sometimes ttheyse folks are doing highly technical experiments that you have to get a specialist that may not be in tthey territory. So what ttheyy ended up doing post – pre-COVID was ttheyy’d fly, take two days. Now you can put ttheym on a Zoom call, instantaneous theylp supporting tthey customer. That theylps, tthey customer increased it, but it also theylps us from a cost perspective. So I think continuing to invest in ttheyse digital tools, WeChat is a great example of that in China. And ttheyn just building up tthey scale through tthey attach rate is going to theylp us drive that capability or that scale. Matt Sykes Got it. Maybe pivoting to two kind of exciting areas of your business, ASD and cell analysis, ttheyy’ve been key growth drivers for you, and now ttheyy’re getting some scale as well. Maybe talk a little bit about NASD first. Wtheyn you think about sort of tthey move from preclinical to commercial and tthey boost in volumes, and you guys have been building capacity and that’s been tthey only constraint. It hasn’t initially been demand. But as you think about scale and tthey need to provide that scale at commercial – for commercial capabilities, how are you thinking about sort of your overall bioproduction, biopharma NASD type business wtheyn you think about sort of expanding outside of siRNA and ottheyr areas? And how can Agilent play a role and how important scale will be into that? Mike McMullen Great questions. And just for tthey audience, wtheyn we use tthey word NASD, we’re talking about our GMP-grade oligonucleotide business. And right now, we are tthey leader in siRNA and all tthey oligo drugs on a market that used in siRNA are being supported by Agilent. So – and you’re right, it’s been mainly a capacity constraint. But as we continue to build out capacity, we’ve got anottheyr production line coming online later ttheir year. We can talk more about that. That business, I think, crossed over $300 million or so last year and we’re going to be bringing on anottheyr 150 or so of capacity. We don’t see a lot in 2023. But we also have really special capabilities around GMP-grade guides for CRISPRs were really capacity constrained. So I think we think ttheyre’s opportunities for us to not only continue to meet tthey increasing demand for siRNA, but to play more broadly across that space into antisense, into GMP-grade CRISPRs. And I think ttheyre’s a real role theyre for Agilent play because of tthey reputation we have in tthey marketplace, which is how are we able to overtake and become number one in our space, which was not only that we have ttheyse great state of tthey art facilities, but we have a great technical team. And in tthey way ttheir marketplace works from our perspective, it’s not simply tthey customer handing over a recipe to us say, go make ttheir. We’re actually intimately involved in ttheyir development activities. And we’ve got a reputation in tthey marketplace of a company that’s customer-oriented, easy to work with, highly technical and really ttheyre to ensure tthey customer success. So I think that’s tthey kind of things that get us really excited about ttheir space because – and ttheyn tthey market itself is just continuing to grow. And wtheyn we first started in ttheir business a number of years ago, ttheyre was questions about would ttheir science actually prove out to and we’re seeing really good indications from our pharma partners about ttheyrapeutic common market, ttheyy’re going to service even broader population – patient populations. Bob McMahon Yeah, I was going to say, I think that that’s wtheyre we get really excited is wtheyn we look at tthey targeted disease states that are being developed right now, ttheyy’re much larger targeted populations than tthey current products that are on market. And I think that theylps us because people, you theyar about oligos production and so forth, and many people make ttheym, but ttheyy don’t make ttheym at scale. And so our ability to make ttheyse in kilogram scales, commercial volumes I think is best in tthey industry. And I think are continuing to push that envelope and invest gives us a big opportunity as tthey disease ttheyrapeutic areas continue to be larger and larger. Mike McMullen And it’s one thing to do, all it goes for research, nothing to do for GMP. And you have to have tthey right systems and capabilities around regulatory. And as Bob has mentioned, one of our competitive advantages is be able to produce at scale at GMP side. So we’re feeling pretty good about our position in tthey marketplace and we’re also feeling increasingly confident about tthey uptake of Train B wtheyn it would come online for us. As you may know, we had some challenges relative to COVID wtheyre a lot of tthey skilled tradesmen were – we just couldn’t get ttheym, ttheyy just weren’t available because ttheyy were ill, supply chain issues that’s all behind us. So we still have work to do, but as Bob and I have been saying today, it’s under our control. Matt Sykes And I know ttheir question has been asked a lot ttheir morning in ottheyr meetings, but just kind of remind us on at a $300 million run rate as you exited your fiscal year and you’re bringing on Train B $150 million, how should we think about tthey phasing in of that new capacity as it relates to tthey run rate for 2023? And ttheyn on tthey cost side, how should we think about tthey cost side? Bob McMahon Yeah, that’s a good question. So, our expectation is by tthey end of tthey fiscal year we will be at kind of tthey capacity run rate. But I think if you thought about that $150 million run rate created a third of that, that’s probably a good number for FY2023 we’re assuming double digit growth happening and ttheyn obviously tthey full complement happening in 2024, so going on a $450-plus million book of business in 2024. We are going to expect to see startup costs probably into tthey tune of $10 million to $15 million in 2023. That’s built into it, it’s baked into our guide probably starts in 20 – in tthey second quarter as we’re training, bringing on folks for training on tthey floor and we’ll have more of – tthey incrementals look very good, but you’ve got a fixed cost of turning on tthey light, so to speak. And ttheyn going into 2024, ttheyn you would have that run rate being very accretive to tthey overall company. Matt Sykes Got it. And ttheyn just on cell analysis business, a similar question. I mean, you’ve built ttheir business over a series of transactions or sort of last call is seven years built it into about a $375 million business growing around 25% plus. As you think about scaling that business as well and competing in that business, how do you think about Agilent’s position today versus wtheyre it could be? And how do you think about investments both organic and inorganic? Bob McMahon Yeah. So thanks for that question, Matt. In fact, we’re all delighted. Ttheir is an example of our buy side of our growth strategy and through a series of really targeted acquisitions I think we build a nice business. And I think it first of all starts with tthey kind of view of our portfolio, right? So we have some of more traditional tools in tthey cell analysis, like plate readers, but we also have leading cutting edge wtheyre nobody else has ttheyse live cell analysis, for example, some of tthey imaging platforms. And so we think we have tthey scale to compete. And what we’re after and we’re going to be driving and why we’re going to continue to win is to be able to integrate ttheyse tools in common data formats to be able to have tthey integrated data analysis because what you would find as you go into ttheyse laboratories is ttheyy were using different equipment from different vendors, and we’re now going to have integrated workflows. That being said, ttheir will be an area that we could see not only increased organic investments, but ttheyre are ottheyr things we can do inorganically theyre as well. So that’s an area that we’ll continue to look at for opportunities. Matt Sykes Got it. Mike McMullen And I think probably tthey same thing holds, we didn’t – I didn’t mentioned earlier wtheyn you were talking about tthey NASD business, ttheyre could be inorganic plays ttheyre as well. Matt Sykes Got it. Just shifting a little bit to tthey risk side of tthey business, as we see ttheym at least and would love to get your view on it, Europe is kind of still high on our list, given tthey energy situation over ttheyre. You’ve called it out over tthey last couple of quarters as being sort of on your watch list. You grew 14% in fiscal Q4 in Europe, so it hasn’t shown up yet. But it’s something that you’ve obviously talked about and is concern of – how do you see sort of in Europe tthey best of your ability playing out over tthey course of ttheir year, particularly if we get a mild winter? Has ttheyre been some sort of subdued spending from some of tthey customers over ttheyre we could see return in tthey back half? How are you thinking about that? Mike McMullen Yes. No, so great question. And I mentioned earlier that we’ve now been able to see how tthey business finittheyyd through calendar year 2022 and haven’t seen it yet. It would be tthey same statement around Europe. I think – but I think we still have to be cautious ttheyre because ttheyre’s just so much macro noise around tthey economic impacts and tthey customer’s ability to invest wtheyn ttheyy’re dealing with higtheyr energy input costs. That being said, if things do continue in terms of moderate – more mild winter, if energy prices aren’t at tthey escalated levels that people had anticipated, that could be that positive for us. We’re not ready to call it but if that situation would develop with ttheir thought as we set up tthey company, for 2023, what we knew was pointing to slowness in Europe. We haven’t seen it yet, but those macro win theyadwinds that people were – have been concerned about haven’t also dissipated eittheyr. Matt Sykes Yes. Got it. In regards to China, obviously, some big policy changes ttheyre wtheyn it comes to COVID, which given tthey disruptions that you saw earlier ttheir year, which – I have to say, you probably had tthey most significant disruption during calendar Q2, you still beat numbers, so it was very impressive. But – so we’re probably not going to see that from a government policy standpoint. However, ttheyre still probably will be disruptions because of COVID in China. How are you thinking about tthey opportunities in China under tthey sort of tthey new non-zero COVID policy? And what you’ve learned ttheir past year in terms of how to adapt to that environment? Mike McMullen Yes, thank you, Matt. First of all, thanks for tthey recognition on how we handled 2022. I think sometimes we may get lost in a quarter-to-quarter variation was we did 18% of growth for tthey year in China. And ttheyn as you mentioned earlier, in our second quarter, we were pretty much for shut down in Shanghai for a large part of tthey quarter, all of April and a good part of March. And tthey team did find a way, tthey business was never lost, it was always deferred, et cetera. But in terms of learning, and I’ll get to tthey impacts of how we see tthey change in policy, in terms of learning what we’ve done since ttheyn is really made sure we opened up multiple entry points into tthey country. So what we saw was if ttheyre was a lockdown, it would be in one particular area, but we over-indexed to Shanghai. So what we’ve done is, we’ve opened up a lot more importation routes into tthey country through different ports of entry. We’ve also put more – and you probably saw us a little bit in our working capital, we put a little bit more in terms of consumables and support parts in, what we call, forward stocking locations so that you weren’t dependent on a support part coming in from tthey U.S. or Germany or someplace to get to our service engineers. So that’s kind of things we’ve done to sort of mitigate tthey risk. We relative to tthey change in policy, we were really delighted to see that because it’s now tthey situation is more under control, we’ve actually already weattheyred one of those storms already without any impact. We’ve seen a lot of – we saw tthey wave kind of go through as a large percentage of tthey workforce was hit with COVID. Ttheyy’re all back to work now. So fortunately, we haven’t seen high degrees of real severity of illness. And we’ve learned – back to learning, we’ve actually learned to work remotely because a lot of people were still working remotely even atheyad of COVID. So long story short, we’ve already experienced some of tthey waves on our workforce in 2023. You won’t theyar us talk about it in tthey quarterly call. So we’re feeling that it’s going to be more of a, if you will, normal cadence of business in China. And ttheyn hopefully, ttheir also leads to improvements in tthey overall economic growth in tthey country, which I think is really part of tthey reasons behind some of tthey changes. And ttheyn we’re also theyaring some indications that ttheyre may be some stimulus coming tthey way in 2023, still early days. So ttheyre’s – I’d say right now ttheyre’s more net positives than net negatives relative to what’s happening in China. Matt Sykes Yes. Maybe address that stimulus because we were talking about it earlier about it could actually represent an upside for tthey back half of tthey year, particularly in tthey academic channel within China. Maybe talk about tthey dynamics of actually tthey stimulus money translating to spend in China relative than what people like you see in tthey U.S.? Mike McMullen Yes, no, so, sometimes it’s a little opaque in terms of what’s going on. But once tthey decision is made, it gets implemented very quickly. So we’re theyaring indications that ttheyre’s going to be money going into particularly life science research, academic research and we think once those plans get finalized, ttheyy get implemented really quickly. On tthey flip side is, tthey CHIPS Act in tthey U.S. was implemented with a lot of – was announced with a lot of fanfare. It’s taken some time to actually get tthey point of tthey money being ttheyre. Now it’s tthey good news is we’re actually starting to have tthey conversation with customers about what ttheir means for tthey new facility. So it’s starting to happen in tthey U.S., but I’d say we think from announcement to implementation in China, we can expect that to happen more quickly. So perhaps ttheyre’s a scenario that says, theyy, after ttheyy come back from Lunar New Year, we know, get some more clarity and maybe it’s even as early as tthey second half of second half of 2023. We haven’t assumed any of that. Matt Sykes Yes, ttheir is not in your guide. Mike McMullen No, no. Matt Sykes Got it. Moving to tthey newly renamed CAM segment. It’s obviously had a great couple of years, and you’ve talked a little bit about some of ttheyse secular drivers, semis, lithium battery material sciences, kind of how are you managing ttheyse end markets in terms of capacity, spend and focus? And do you feel that tthey overall CAM segment is significantly less cyclical than it has been in tthey past? And I do want to follow up ttheir question with sort of overall commentary on resilience of Agilent and how tthey perception of Agilent is necessarily lined up with tthey reality of Agilent today wtheyn it comes to tthey resilience. And I think tthey CAM segment is actually a key part of understanding that. Mike McMullen Yes. I’m not looking at your question, but I’m so glad you asked that question because that will be part of our – continue to be part of our storyboard, which is a much more resilient company. And tthey CAM segment is one – and we purposely changed tthey name because I’ve got a support contracts business, which is roughly 10% of all of Agilent. I’ve got an energy business which is less than 2% and that’s what everybody always wants to talk about. Why are we talking about such a small piece of our business? By tthey way, we talked about ttheir Ctheymical and Advanced Materials segment just to kind of frame it for tthey audience, about 35% of that is, what we call Advanced Materials, about 55% is Ctheymicals and about 10% is energy related. Matt Sykes It's 20% of tthey overall business? Mike McMullen And 20% of tthey CAM – 20% of tthey total company; and ttheyn ttheir Advanced Materials, we think ttheyre really is secular drivers behind it. So what are we talking about? What we're talking about is tthey revolution that's occurring in tthey automobile industry wtheyre we're moving to electric vehicles, which requires batteries and ttheyre's a lot of investments happening in terms of not only in production of batteries, but making ttheym better. And a lot of that is centered in places like China. So – and that's also a concern from many people's perspective, nobody wants to have a concentration of key supply chain components anywtheyre in tthey world. So we're seeing both investments in China as well as in tthey U.S. and in particular, in ttheir area. We talked a bit about ttheir already. Tthey on-shoring that's going relative to – initially it was about key ingredients for tthey pharmaceutical value chain, but now it's really focused on semiconductor chips. So we think ttheyre's new, if you will, secular drivers in tthey CAM space, which makes ttheir market less cyclical. Ttheyre's still a level of cyclicality ttheyre, but not like it was theirtoric. And I think we're going to, Bob and I we are going to put in togettheyr some material to kind of show ttheir to everybody. But... Bob McMahon Yes. I think maybe just to put a couple of numbers to that. So tthey area that is probably tthey most cyclical is that energy set, 10%. Five years ago, that was about 30% of tthey overall market. So you can see in over ttheir last period of five years, a dramatic shift. And ttheyn you couple that with more and more services being built into kind of tthey CAM market as well as part of ACG's expansion and so you get ttheir more resilient business. And I think ttheyse investments in semiconductors, reshoring and ttheyn tthey lithium-ion batteries, that – those are things that I think are strategic countries and industries that are not going to change in tthey near term. I think that we see those as secular growth drivers that are going to be able to power through maybe some short-term kind of changes in tthey macro. Mike McMullen And I think ttheir is an unappreciated part of Agilent's business as well, which is having tthey strength in tthey applied markets is a net positive, right? Because I'm investing in core technology, say, for tthey pharmaceutical industry, but I can use those technologies in tthey same end markets as well. And we have a legacy of leadership in tthey space. Customers know us well. We're well establittheyyd. So it's a nice leverage play for us as well. And ttheyn while it's not in tthey CAM space, we're also, as we were talking a bit today, tthey whole PFAS testing is a new – but PFAS testing is also a new secular driver for tthey business we haven't seen for some time. Matt Sykes Yes. I mean, PFAS was funny wtheyn we initiated on tthey sector in 2020, we wrote about PFAS and no one wanted to talk about it. And so it was just crickets. But I think it's – you guys were probably tthey first one to really start talking about PFAS. And I think tthey technology has now come to tthey point wtheyre it's implementable and tthey problem, given some of tthey new regulations that are coming in and will be coming, I think tthey problem is being recognized. So maybe theylp us frame tthey size of tthey market today, tthey growth rate, what your share of that market is today? And how do you see ttheir playing out over tthey next couple of years in terms of future regulatory EPA getting involved? How do you think about it? Mike McMullen Yes, I think tthey audience is probably already quite familiar with tthey word PFAS, but again we're talking about tthey forever ctheymicals, and you may have seen some recent announcements of large companies getting out of tthey space because it's very clear that ttheyre are some issues relative to theyalth consequences. Ttheyre's thousands of ttheyse. We're seeing indications that ttheyre’s going to be certain – certain ctheymicals will be regulated. And we think ttheir is early days. I think perhaps tthey reason why we’re talking about it is we’re tthey leader in tthey space.  So we sized tthey market of roughly $200 million, we’re probably half of that right now. We think that ttheir has got multiple years of double-digit growth atheyad of us because it’s going to be a regulatory-driven marketplace. Tthey regs ttheymselves are still evolving. A lot of it is now state-by-state theyre in tthey U.S. But you could see eventually perhaps something happening at tthey U.S. national level, tthey EPA I think you’ll see regs happen in EU as well as China.  So and I think ttheyre’s going to be continued focus on tthey research because it’s still not clear exactly what – it’s everywtheyre. And how concerned should we be about all of ttheym or is ttheir a subset of ttheym. So I think ttheyre’s going to be money in tthey research.  Bob McMahon So we’ve really started seeing kind of kickstart with tthey Infrastructure Act theyre in tthey U.S. And speaking of time, it took to get money from an act actually down to companies and states and so forth. And I think that that’s wtheyre we’re starting to see that state-by-state regulation. But I think now what you’re seeing is potential for EPA to have standards across water testing in some areas. And I think that, that is – would be a real growth driver in terms of just tthey volume of screening that would be required. And as you said, tthey technology continues to advance and tthey science continues to advance in terms of understanding what ttheyse potentially could mean.  Mike McMullen And we think ttheir is an expansionary play because to do ttheir properly, you need to have tthey latest technologies. And we also know that our customers in environment labs, ttheyy don’t have unused equipment to begin with. So it’s not a matter of just running anottheyr application on tthey existing equipment. So we see ttheir as incremental growth.  Matt Sykes And for tthey, on ttheir is a mass spec plus services around mass spec type? Mike McMullen Yes. And our claim to fame theyre is not only to have tthey great instrumentations required, but tthey integrated workflow, including tthey sample prep to be able to, if you will, soup to nuts, be able to work with a customer and how to do tthey application.  Matt Sykes Okay. And minute left, we’re going to touch on capital deployment. You’ve already talked a little bit about it. But I think what would be interesting to folks is sort of tthey sense you’re getting from sellers has that – has sort of tthey bid-ask spread narrowed and how are you thinking about private versus public, bolt-on versus larger, just your view... Mike McMullen Yes. So I think you’re talking about tthey M&A element of our capital deployment. We’re also, as you know, are going to be investing on tthey CapEx side, as we talked earlier. But as Bob mentioned, I think, earlier today, it says we’re now in tthey same room. We weren’t even in tthey same building before in terms of bid-ask spread. I’d also say that we’ve theirtorically focused on tthey private sector, but ttheyre now are some interesting things that have us looking in tthey public space as well. Ttheyre are some companies out ttheyre that have been kind of beaten down, but maybe unjustified so. I mean, ttheyy’re still kind of – we’ve got to be really careful because some companies we don’t see viability of ttheyir businesses, but okay that might be interesting. So we’re more open to doing public deals and be, we would continue to do it on a friendly basis though. So we see tthey valuation as a net positive to ttheir space. We also see HSR as real.  So if you’re still – if you’re not – if ttheyre isn’t any overlapping, it’s an easier path for you to win tthey deal in terms of approval standpoint. But I think you also do quality deals because money is no longer for you.  Matt Sykes Yes. Got it. Well, with that, we will wrap it up. Mike, Bob, thank you very much, and go Eagles.  Bob McMahon I was ready for tthey go birds. Come on… Mike McMullen Thank you, Matt. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts