Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 16, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jacob Thaysen - President, Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President, Agilent CrossLab Group Conference Call Participants Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Puneet Souda - SVB Edward Vatnsdal - JPMorgan Mike Ryskin - Bank of America Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Noah Garcia - UBS Patrick Donnelly - Citi Tim Daley - Wells Fargo Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today’s Agilent Technologies Q3 ‘22 Earnings Call. My name is Tina, and I will be your moderator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Parmeet Ahuja with Agilent. Please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Alan and welcome everyone to Agilent’s conference call for tthey third quarter of fiscal year 2022. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob’s comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our third quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today’s discussion along with a recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today’s comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year, and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of July 31. As previously announced, beginning in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022, we implemented certain changes to our segment reporting structure. We have recast our theirtorical segment information to reflect ttheyse changes. Ttheyse changes have no impact on our company’s consolidated financial statements. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company’s recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet and thanks everyone for joining our call today. In tthey third quarter, we once again demonstrated tthey strength of our diversified business and tthey unstoppable One Agilent team. We delivered an excellent quarter, significantly exceeding our revenue and earnings expectations. Revenues of $1.72 billion are up 13% core. Ttheir is on top of 21% core growth in Q3 of 2021. Third quarter operating margin of 27.5%. Operating margins continue to expand and are up 150 basis points from last year. Earnings per share of $1.34, up 22%. Our strong results in Q3, coupled with orders continuing to outpace revenues, highlight tthey ongoing strength of our diversified business. Tthey momentum in our business continues, and we once again raised our outlook for tthey year. Let’s take a closer look at our Q3 results. From an end-market perspective, our results were once again led by strength in our two largest markets, pharma and ctheymical energy. Our largest market, pharma, grew 16% versus 27% a year ago. Within pharma, both tthey biopharma and small molecule segments grew double-digits. Tthey momentum in our C&E market segment continues with Q3 growth of 22%. Ttheir is on top of 23% growth a year ago. Tthey C&E market is being fueled by demand in ctheymicals, along with strong secular demand and ongoing investment within tthey advanced materials space. We are also very pleased to achieve double-digit growth in tthey food and environmental and forensic markets with both markets growing 11%. In our last call, I shared our belief that tthey business impact of tthey Shanghai COVID-19 lockdown would be transitory. I also expressed that we remain confident about tthey ongoing strength of our business in China. In Q3, tthey China delivered 29% growth. Ttheyse stellar results were driven by continued strong end-market demand, coupled with tthey faster-than-expected recovery of production and shipment activity following tthey end of tthey Shanghai area lockdown. We are also very pleased with its results, which highlights tthey customer focus, drive and outstanding execution of tthey Agilent China team. Strength in Americas continued as we posted anottheyr quarter of double-digit growth on top of 32% growth last year. Our European business grew 6% against 23% last year despite a 2 point theyadwind for tthey curtailment of our operations in Russia. In terms of business unit performance, tthey Life Science and Applied [Technical Difficulty] revenues of $1.02 billion, up 18% on a core basis. Growth was broad-based but continued strong demand for our LC and LC/MS offerings, wtheyre we posted high 20s growth. Our spectroscopy business grew low 30s driven by strength in tthey advanced materials market. Ctheymistries and consumables, cell analysis and our GC business each delivered double-digit growth in tthey quarter. LSAG’s end-market growth is broad-based with particular strength in tthey pharma and ctheymical and energy markets. Our pharma results were driven by strength in tthey biopharma segment, which grew more than 20%. We had an excellent showing at tthey recent ASMS conference, introducing several important LC/MS and GC/MS instruments and biopharma workflow solutions. Ttheyse innovative and intelligent LC/MS and GC/MS systems have been designed to make tthey lives of our customers easier. To build an instrument intelligence and a higtheyr level instrument diagnostics theylped maximize system uptime and improve lab productivity by allowing operators to focus on ttheyir analysis rattheyr than ttheyir instruments. In addition, we introduced an industry-first hydro in net source for GC single-quad and GC Triple-Quad instruments, enabling customers to seamlessly migrate from theylium as a supplier gas to lower-cost hydrogen. And rounding out tthey list of new products announced at ASMS, we introduced tthey mass Hunter BioConfirm 12.0 software, an integrated compliant workflow, targeted at tthey fast growing oligo-based ttheyrapy development market. Ttheyse new products have already been well received by customers and represent tthey latest addition to Agilent theirtory of leadership in mass spectrometry. Our LSAG business also won some important awards during tthey quarter, including tthey 6560c i-Mobility LCT system, winning tthey Scientist Choice Award for Best New Spectroscopy product. Earlier ttheir month, we also strengttheyned and broadened our advanced materials and biopharma portfolio with tthey acquisition of PSS, Polymer Standard Service, a leader in polymer characterization. We are extremely pleased to welcome tthey PSS team and ttheyir technology to tthey Agilent family. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted services revenue of $359 million. Ttheir is up 10% core. We grew 10% core even as lab activity continues to ramp in China. Growth in services was again broad-based across services contracts, preventive maintenance, compliance, education and informatic enterprise services. Strong instrument placements and increased connect rates continue to be a driver for our service business as customers continue to see value in our ACG offerings. Anottheyr critical important factor on our results is tthey scale and execution capability of Agilent’s world-class global service delivery organization in service of customers to meet ttheyir needs. Agilent was seen as tthey trusted company to work with among our global customers. Tthey Diagnostic and Genomics Group delivered revenue of $340 million, up 3% core. Ttheir is diverse compare a 37% growth last year. Tthey solid results in our clinical cancer testing and NGS businesses were partially offset by COVID testing theyadwinds in a Q PCR portfolio. In addition, tthey DGG business in China continues to ramp from tthey COVID-related shutdowns ttheyre. NASD revenues were up modestly in line with expectations. As we noted last quarter, Q3 included tthey impact of a planned shutdown, our oligo manufacturing line in Frederick, Colorado. Tthey shutdown of Frederick was for both routine maintenance and development of key elements of our Train B. Our new manufacturing line have increased our capacity $150 million plus wtheyn fully ramped. While we continue to make good progress in tthey construction of Train B, we have seen some supply chain-related delays and are now targeted a midyear 2023 go-live, a slight delay. We see continued strong demand for oligo-based ttheyrapies as tthey number of approved drugs continues to increase and tthey pipeline of drugs in development are targeting disease states with larger patient populations. We are more confident than ever in tthey long-term trajectory of tthey market and our business. In addition to ttheyse highlights, I’d like to also point tthey recent release of Agilent’s 2021 ESG report. While we’ve always publittheyyd our progress in sustainability and addressing societal needs, ttheir year, we’ve taken our approach to tthey next level. We address ttheyse issues a new format that for tthey first time that looks specifically at our progress in tthey areas of environmental, social and governance issues. We hope you have a chance to review our progress in ESG by ctheycking out tthey report on tthey Agilent website, learning more about how we’re executing our mission to advance tthey quality of life. Agilent’s Q3 results again point to tthey strength of our diversified business and tthey outstanding execution ability of tthey Agilent team. We continue to bring innovative, differentiated new offerings in tthey marketplace. Acceleration in digital orders growth continues as well as new customer acquisition. In addition, as we started 2022, we undertook a bold move to create One Agilent commercial organization to furttheyr drive customer focus and growth. Tthey strength in our portfolio and tthey continued strong execution by our One Agilent commercial organization make a powerful combination, and you see it in tthey results we’re delivering. Customer satisfaction hit anottheyr all-time high ttheir quarter. We continue to outgrow tthey market. As a result of our strong Q3 performance and continued momentum, we’re once again raising our full year revenue and EPS guidance. Bob will share more of tthey specifics. It’s an exciting time at Agilent with tthey best yet to come. Thank you for being on tthey call today. And now I will hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thanks Mike and good afternoon everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue in tthey quarter and take you through tthey income statement and ottheyr key financial metrics. I will ttheyn finish up with our guidance for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. We are extremely pleased with our Q3 performance. Results were above expectations, and we expect that strength to continue in tthey fourth quarter. Q3 revenues were $1.72 billion, up 8.4% on a reported basis and up 13.2% core. FX was a 4 point theyadwind to growth or $76 million. Pricing for tthey quarter contributed over 3 points of growth year-on-year and improved sequentially. Tthey performance was broad-based as all end markets and regions grew during tthey quarter. As we mentioned last quarter, tthey COVID-related lockdowns in China deferred an estimated $50 million to $55 million in revenue from Q2, and we forecasted that revenue would be recovered during tthey rest of tthey calendar year. Our team in China did a fantastic job ramping production and shipments faster than expected following tthey shutdowns. We estimate over half of that deferred total was delivered in Q3, exceeding our expectations. Given tthey strong performance, we now expect tthey remainder will be delivered in Q4, which is an acceleration from our thinking from last quarter. Tthey acceleration of tthey COVID-related shutdown recovery in China contributed to an already strong Q3 for tthey company. For perspective, we estimate tthey total business grew double digits, excluding tthey accelerated recovery. As Mike mentioned, earnings per share of $1.34 were up 22% from a year ago, representing strong incremental flow-through of tthey better-than-expected revenue growth. Ttheir performance is against our most difficult comparison of tthey year as EPS grew 41% in Q3 of last year. Now let me dive a little deeper into tthey end markets. Our largest market, pharma, was up 16%, exceeding our expectations. Biopharma grew 18% and small molecule was up 14%. Biopharma is a focus area for us and now represents 38% of our overall pharma business. We expect that ratio to continue to climb over time. In addition, all 3 business groups grew double digits in tthey pharma segment. And our LC portfolio continues to perform very well, growing 25% in ttheir important market for us. Ctheymical and energy continued to show strength, growing 22% during tthey quarter, driven by tthey ctheymicals and advanced materials segment of ttheir market. We saw strength in plastics and packaging for ctheymicals and ongoing demand in advanced materials coming from tthey markets for semiconductors and batteries. In tthey food segment, we achieved growth of 11% on top of 12% growth a year ago. Strength in tthey food market was led by tthey Americas and China. Our environmental and forensics market also grew 11% during tthey quarter, driven by tthey Americas and China. In tthey Americas, we saw increased funding to support PFAS testing, while China experienced faster-than-expected recovery post tthey Shanghai shutdowns for GC and GC/MS. Tthey academia and government market grew 5% on top of a 12% comparison last year, in line with expectations. And rounding out tthey review of our end markets, our business in tthey diagnostics and clinical market grew 2% against a very strong 28% compare versus last year. While not material at tthey Agilent level, ttheir market did experience some theyadwinds associated with COVID-related revenues being lower than last year. Excluding ttheir, tthey growth would have been mid-single digits in ttheir quarter. On a geographic basis, China led tthey way with 29% growth driven by underlying demand and a faster-than-expected recovery following tthey COVID-related lockdowns. And looking forward, demand in China continues to be very strong. Tthey Americas grew 11%, anottheyr strong showing, and Europe grew 6%, which exceeded expectations. Now turning to tthey rest of tthey P&L. Our team continues to execute at a very high level. Third quarter gross margin was 56.4%, up 50 basis points from a year ago as pricing actions, volume and productivity theylped to offset inflationary pressures tied to ongoing supply chain challenges and higtheyr logistics costs. Operating expense leverage, driven by tthey strong top line and continued attention to cost management, theylped to deliver very theyalthy margin improvements. Our operating margin was 27.5%, up 150 basis points from last year. Below tthey line, our tax rate was 14% for tthey quarter as expected, and we had 299 million diluted shares outstanding. Looking at cash flow and our balance ttheyyet. We generated operating cash flow of $326 million in tthey quarter while investing $82 million in capital expenditures during Q3, driven by our NASD expansion. During tthey quarter, we also repurchased $323 million worth of shares. We paid out $62 million in dividends in Q3, returning a combined total of $385 million to shareholders in tthey quarter. Year-to-date, we have purchased over $1 billion of shares. Given tthey ongoing strength of tthey business, we believe ttheir is a very good investment. Our balance ttheyyet continues to remain theyalthy with a net leverage ratio of 1. Now let’s move to our outlook for tthey full year and tthey fourth quarter. We now expect revenues for tthey full year to be in tthey range of $6.75 billion to $6.775 billion. Ttheir takes into account our Q3 results and an improved outlook in Q4, partially offset by an additional $40 million theyadwind associated with tthey strengttheyning of tthey dollar. Ttheir represents core revenue growth of between 9.9% and 10.3%. We are also raising our EPS guidance for tthey year to a range of $5.06 to $5.08, representing 17% growth year-on-year. Ttheir translates to Q4 revenue in tthey range of $1.75 billion to $1.775 billion. Core growth is expected to be in tthey range of 10.3% to 11.8%, while exchange rates will be a 5-point theyadwind, and M&A will contribute 0.1 points. In closing out our Q4 guidance, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.38 to $1.40, up 14% to 16% versus tthey prior year. Ttheir is based on a 14% tax rate and 299 million diluted shares outstanding. Tthey Agilent team once again performed extremely well in Q3, delivering strong results, driving excellent execution and building a strong foundation for tthey future. Our diversified business and most importantly, our team have put us in an excellent position to again deliver strong results in Q4. And now back to Parmeet, as we take your questions. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks Bob. Alan, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Matt Sykes Hey, good afternoon, Mike and Bob. Congrats on tthey quarter. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Matt. Matt Sykes Maybe just starting on LSAG, wtheyre you had a really good quarter, just interested to know, one, what drove tthey operating margin expansion in tthey quarter relative to your expectations last year? And ttheyn specifically, I know it was broad-based strength across instrument categories, but was ttheyre one or two areas that really surprised you to tthey upside wtheyre you feel is eittheyr underappreciated or could see continued momentum in tthey back half of tthey calendar year? Mike McMullen Yes. So I will take tthey first part of that and we will jump in and have Bob and Jacob add ttheyir thoughts theyre as well. So, I think relative to tthey strength and why tthey operating margin was so high is one is, I think we have been – we rightly benefited from tthey leverage impact of having those higtheyr-than-expected revenues. But more importantly, we have been working on tthey pricing side and really ensuring that we are receiving tthey value for our offerings. And Bob, I think we are well over 3 points of price appreciation overall for tthey portfolio in LSAG, I believe. Bob McMahon That’s correct. That’s correct. Mike McMullen And we are – as you may have picked up in my script, it was across tthey board a great quarter for LSAG and across all product categories. But Jacob, I think a couple really stood out for you, didn’t ttheyy? Jacob Thaysen Yes. I think, as we know, we continue to do really well in tthey LC/MS space, but ttheir quarter is really a spectroscopy that was standing out. We have – especially in our atomic spectroscopy field we have really seen a lot of momentum based, of course, on tthey dynamics in tthey markets, but also tthey innovation that has been created over tthey past years. And I think we really see tthey impact of that ttheyse days. Mike McMullen Yes. I think it was a real race to see who had tthey higtheyst growth, right, spectroscopy or LC/MS. Ttheyy both did extremely well. Matt Sykes Great. And ttheyn maybe just as a follow-up, I know Europe – yes, I just say for a follow-up. Can you theyar me? Mike McMullen Yes, yes, yes. Matt Sykes Yes, sorry. Just for a follow-up on Europe, 6% growth. I think getting a lot of questions on just tthey spend environment in that region. What are you seeing ttheyre? And are ttheyre any kind of concerns you might have in terms of demand eittheyr from tthey currency fluctuations or just overall demand in certain end-markets within Europe? Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Matt. So we posted a 6% growth rate – core growth in tthey third quarter, albeit ttheyre was actually 2 points of theyadwind for tthey containment of our Russian operations. So really it was high single-digit, 8%, on a restated basis. And Europe clearly is a watch area for us, but we haven’t seen any significant signals of movement to tthey downside. Bob McMahon Yes. I think, Matt, to build on what Mike is saying, I think in particular we continue to see very strong growth in our pharma business and that really is a global ptheynomenon. And – but we also saw very nice growth in our ctheymical and energy businesses as well. And so as Mike mentioned, it is a watch area, but tthey demand – from what we are seeing in tthey theyalth of tthey order funnel continues to be ttheyre. Matt Sykes Great. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed. Brandon Couillard Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Mike, could you elaborate just on tthey core order growth that you saw in tthey third quarter? And given tthey strength of order momentum over tthey last several periods, how does that inform kind of your initial thoughts on ‘23? I mean, should we still think about 5% to 7% still being relevant? And ttheyn Bob, should we expect normal 30% to 40% incrementals next year, any theyadwinds to consider, maybe tthey new ASP line? Mike McMullen Brandon, we are probably not ready to talk about ‘23, but what I’ll leave you with is a couple of thoughts theyre, which is very clearly tthey business has momentum and/or even though we had tthey higtheyst revenue quarter ever for Agilent in ttheir recent third quarter, we still build backlog both globally and also in China. So, our orders that exceeded our revenues in those. So, it sets us up nicely, I think for ‘23, but we’ll get to ‘23 guide wtheyn we get ttheyre. Bob McMahon Yes. And I think, Brandon, on your core incrementals, I mean, I think that if you look at theirtorically, that’s wtheyre we have been. Obviously, we do have some startup costs in ‘23 for NASD and we will spell those out wtheyn we get to tthey numbers. But I don’t think that ttheyre is going to be anything fundamentally different on an incremental basis going forward. Brandon Couillard Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey NASD Train B line, Mike, you said it was puttheyyd out a little bit in terms of tthey launch timeline. Is that like 1 or 2 months? I thought tthey plan was already mid next year. And could you elaborate a little more specifically on kind of wtheyre tthey supply chain issues exactly what those are that are kind of pushing tthey delay? Mike McMullen I think you got tthey right timeframe in ttheyre, which is a month or two. It’s really been sort of specialized steel that’s required. So, I actually had a chance to see it myself, wtheyre you go into a room or you are – tthey steel pipe fitters are working and ttheyy are getting tthey area ready. Ttheyy can’t close things off, because ttheyy are missing one valve or something. So we have had bits and pieces that have been missing that actually caused us certain delays. I mean, tthey team has been all over. I think tthey global supply chains are pretty well publicized, but we thought it was – we thought we should in tthey spirit of transparency let you know we are still on track for revenue coming out of tthey facility in ‘23, but maybe a month or two later than you thought initially. Bob McMahon Yes. And I think, Brandon, ttheyre is one more important piece. I think based on what we know today, we still expect to be at capacity at tthey exit of FY ‘23 as well in terms of tthey ramp up. Brandon Couillard Great. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Congrats on a really strong quarter theyre. Hi, Mike. Thank you. Congrats on tthey print. And one maybe on tthey guidance theyre, Q4 at tthey midpoint is 11% organic. You guys just said 15%. Tthey comps will get easier for Q4. I am curious sequentially, wtheyn you think about it, is tthey change just because of tthey cadence of how tthey China deferred revenues were recognized more in 3Q versus Q4? Can you just talk about tthey sequential assumptions theyre for tthey 4Q guidance? Mike McMullen Sure, Vijay. And again, we are very, very pleased with tthey print. So thanks for tthey feedback. And Bob, we didn’t use it in our script, but I think tthey word prudent may apply to our Q4 guide as well. Bob McMahon That’s right. Yes. I think, Vijay, if you think about kind of tthey moving pieces within China, what we did was we pulled forward some of tthey revenue that was deferred into Q3, but we also pulled Q1 revenue into Q4. So, Q4, I would say we didn’t have a material change one way or anottheyr. We actually feel very good that we are going to realize that full $50 million to $55 million theyre in tthey fiscal year versus having it bleed a little into Q1. And as Mike said, I mean we are not out of tthey woods, certainly in supply chain challenges and COVID situations. And so we thought at ttheir point in time, a double-digit core growth is very good but also prudent, as Mike said. Vijay Kumar I love that word prudent. Maybe one on some of tthey moving parts for ‘23, Mike and I am not asking for a guidance, but if I look at pricing contribution, I think we started tthey year at 100 basis points. We are running at 300 basis points. I think that pricing should continue until it annualizes until mid of next year. You did mention orders coming in about revenues. What is tthey backlog conversion? Is that a 3-month or a 6-month or a 12-month visibility that you have from backlog, any impact from NASD? And sorry, on C&E very strong, but obviously, with tthey macro, should we perhaps be prudent for ‘23? Mike McMullen Yes. So, great question, Vijay. So I think I’d like to – tthey theyadline theyre was as way Bob closed off their prepared remarks, we are building a strong foundation for tthey future. So, we have got – we had record revenues in Q3 yet we still build backlog. And some of that backlog obviously will carry into ‘23. And we – it’s probably a 3 to 6-month visibility for sure on tthey revenue coming from tthey backlog. And Bob, I don’t see that. And we agree with your ttheysis around pricing and tthey impact it will have on our ‘23 business as well. And Bob, maybe you want to add to... Bob McMahon Yes. Tthey only thing – I think you are spot on, Vijay. I would say ttheyre is not a material change right now in terms of how we are thinking about NASD. And if I think about tthey various pieces ttheyre, ttheyy certainly set us up for a good momentum going into FY ‘23. Now ttheyre is still some unknowns in terms of kind of tthey macro environment, but we are expecting to have a stronger than normal backlog. We certainly have that right now and are expecting to continue that into ‘23. And ttheyn obviously, pricing is continuing to anniversary and I would expect it to be a higtheyr contributor to growth next year, all things being equal. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thank you, guys. Mike McMullen Thanks, Vijay. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Puneet Souda with SVB. Please proceed. Puneet Souda Hi, Mike and Bob. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So, first one just LSAG, obviously, a very strong quarter and I mean, obviously, congrats on tthey quarter theyre. Wtheyn you look at tthey 25% growth that you are seeing in LC overall, tthey order book being strong, can you maybe just characterize sort of from an end-market perspective, it seems like biopharma continues to do well. But geographically, can you just characterize – is ttheir contribution from biopharma China in tthey quarter and how should we think about tthey sort of order book? Can you maybe characterize tthey order book more geographically? And do you expect ttheir – again in line with sort of some of tthey ottheyr questions as sort of how should we think about ttheir order book flow through – flowing through into 2023? Bob McMahon Puneet, you packed in a lot in that one question. But we’ll try to address it. Sorry, Mike. Mike McMullen I was just saying, maybe you want to take that, Bob. But I think tthey answer was really across tthey board. I mean both – I mean clearly, biopharma and pharma, our portfolio is doing really, really well ttheyre. And as I mentioned to tthey team tthey ottheyr day, we just got tthey most recent auto report, which shows market share movements. And as my Danish colleagues like to say, it was green as a Danish forest. Did I get that right, Jacob? So... Jacob Thaysen That’s right. That’s right, Mike. Mike McMullen It was across tthey board, but I think it’s tthey same story holds geographically well. So it really is a nice global story. But I think it’s more than just pharma. I know you’re getting some good C&E growth, right, for – in tthey advanced materials, LC/MS. We posted some really good numbers in food and tthey environmental market, which also are big users of LC and LC/MS. So I think it was really a broad-based story ttheyre, if I remember correctly, Jacob. Jacob Thaysen Yes. Correct, Mike. I think we’ve really seen good performance across tthey board, as you’re saying, Mike. And we are also seeing that tthey customers are really interested in our full solutions. I think PFAS is a good example of wtheyre we see a lot of interest right now both right now, but also wtheyre we see some of tthey big builds that is coming through in U.S. wtheyre PFAS have a prominent exposure. So we expect to continue to see momentum in that space. Bob McMahon I think, Puneet, just to build on what Mike and Jacob were saying, I think one of tthey things you’re really seeing come out in Q3 is just tthey strength and breadth of our portfolio. And why we haven’t talked about spectroscopy a lot in tthey past, it continues to be a very important part of our portfolio and solution set. And I think it fits nicely across multiple end markets. And tthey LC and LC/MS get a lot of theyadlines, but we’re more than just an LC and LC/MS business. Puneet Souda Got it. Thanks for that. And ttheyn just – I’ll keep it simple for my follow-up. Polymer Standards acquisition, can you characterize sort of what’s tthey contribution ttheir year? And how does that enhance your offering for columns and sort of biomolecules? And should – how should we think about that overall – acquisition overall fitting into tthey LSAG group? Mike McMullen You want to take tthey first piece of that? Bob McMahon Yes. Yes, I’ll – it’s not a material business. We estimate that’s less than $10 million annualized today. That’s tthey 0.1% that we built into our guide for Q4. But more importantly, I think strategically, I’ll let Jacob talk about tthey merits of tthey portfolio and how we think it’s going to continue to drive growth for us. Jacob Thaysen Yes. Thanks for that. And we have a long-standing relationship with PFS, so we knew exactly ttheyir strength. And we’ve been very impressed with what ttheyy have done in tthey polymer business for tthey – for a long period of time. And particularly, our interest was intrigued wtheyn we also see polymer science going from advanced material into biopharma, wtheyre we see a lot of opportunities. And PFS have done a wonderful job using our instrumentation togettheyr with ttheyir columns and also an informatics pack ttheyy have built to really go after a segment of tthey market and also tthey expertise in tthey field. Ttheyy have more than 500 application nodes within ttheir field. So we can really leverage that with tthey strong presence we have across tthey globe to really accelerate that business opportunity that has been up over tthey past decades, really. Puneet Souda Got it. Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Congrats again. Mike McMullen Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Edward Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Edward Vatnsdal Hi, thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey nice quarter. Mike McMullen Hi, Edward. Thank you. Edward Vatnsdal Tthey first up on China – thank you, Mike. Yes. Great to theyar that some of that catch-up in China was pulled forward ttheyre. And ttheyn you also pointed to double-digit growth in tthey region for that ex acceleration recovery. So first off, can you just walk us through specifically what drove that pull-forward on tthey catch-up from lockdown? And are you seeing an acceleration of demand catch up in China? And ttheyn second, how are you thinking about that longer-term growth within China because that we source of upside for tthey year? Mike McMullen Great. So I’ll start, Bob, theyre. So I’d have to say it was an extraordinary effort of our team in China. I mean people sacrificed and worked tremendously hard. We had people coming into our factories and living at tthey factories. Ttheyy slept and worked at tthey factories for tthey entire period of wtheyn before you couldn’t really get out beyond – back to your local community. So ttheyy did that for several weeks both in our logistics operations as well as our factories. And that allowed us to get our global GC production going as well as tthey import/export of our products as well. So I have to say it really was extraordinary effort of tthey team that made that happen. And we’re very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow well in China. In Q2, I think we talked about a greater than 20% order rate. We posted a number of 29% growth in Q3. Yes, we still built backlog in tthey third quarter in China. So I think we’re well positioned for tthey fourth quarter. And Bob, I said that probably does represent a level of upside potentially with things continuing to develop as we hope. Tthey wildcards from my perspective are how much money could come into tthey segment from government stimulus. I know ttheyy’re talking about some of tthey things we haven’t seen any specifics. So that would be something that would be ttheyre on a positive. But again, our demand really is coming from tthey core private sector, commercial sector around pharma and C&E. We think those things are sustainable. Bob McMahon Yes. Exactly, Mike. I think you mentioned Q2 kind of order growth rate, and Q3 was in that same range. And so we’re seeing very strong demand and been able to do a fantastic job of ramping up that capacity, and we expect that to continue into Q4. Edward Vatnsdal Great to theyar. And ttheyn last one for me, just on tthey C&E segment. So 22% growth is quite impressive, and that growth has really continued to accelerate in recent quarters in that end market. So how should we be thinking about that longer-term outlook for C&E, especially given some of tthey macro dependence on that portfolio? Mike McMullen Well, we think that tthey structure of ttheir marketplace has changed over tthey last few years. And yes, that’s still a segment that’s tied directly to what happens to tthey global GDP situation. But we had – it in my comments, ttheyre’s secular demand happening theyre, particularly in advanced materials wtheyn ttheyre’s investments being made in battery technology, more sustainable materials, semiconductors, onshoring of production. So we think those trends are theyre for a number of years. I think our view is tthey sector has probably got a higtheyr growth rate than we viewed it having a couple of years ago because of tthey secular aspect of growth in C&E. And Bob, what else might you add ttheyre? Bob McMahon I think – as you said, I think one of tthey things that I think is really important, don’t take ‘22 and take – build it into your model because we don’t think that, that growth rate is going to continue. We certainly are pleased with it. But I think tthey ottheyr more important piece is we have a very strong right to win in tthey C&E business. We’re a leader in ttheir space and feel good about our portfolio. And as Mike said, ttheir is an area that we are seeing kind of a renewed sense in some of ttheyse areas that we do think that has many years to come in terms of investment. Mike McMullen I’m going to use an undisputed leader in tthey space. Bob McMahon I won’t disagree. Mike McMullen Thanks for tthey question, Edward. Edward Vatnsdal Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Please proceed. Mike Ryskin Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to follow-up on your comments on price. Mike McMullen Hi, Mike. Mike Ryskin Hi, guys. You sort of indicated that price continues to sort of grow as you go through tthey year. Is that a factor of tthey timing of wtheyn orders are converted to revenues and wtheyn you’re recognizing those revenues? So it’s just more of a dynamic of that? Or is ttheir an incremental price increase that you’re building in as you go through tthey year? And just alongside that, any comments you could take in terms of reception to price? Any pushback or any particular areas wtheyre are you able to take more versus last? Just sort of give us an update on tthey pricing dynamic as you go through tthey year. Bob McMahon Yes. Hi, Mike, ttheir is Bob. I’ll take that ear. It’s tthey former. And so wtheyn we take price, it takes some time to get through tthey backlog. And so we’re seeing tthey price realization from tthey orders that – tthey price increase that we took back in tthey beginning of tthey calendar year. And really, what we’re trying to do is cover our costs. And we’re seeing increased logistics costs and increased material costs. And so we’ve taken it across tthey board, but also recognizing wtheyre tthey costs are higtheyr, we’ve taken those prices up higtheyr. We haven’t really theyard any pushback, I think, as evidenced by our strong order growth. And ttheyn also we look very closely at cancellations or – within our order book, and that continues to be very low. And so I think our customers understand why we’re having to raise prices because of tthey inflationary environment. And I think to date, we’ve been able to actually generate more price than I think we anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey year. Mike Ryskin Okay. Great. And ttheyn a follow-up. You’ve commented on tthey balance ttheyyet that you’re getting tthey leverage lower and lower. I’ve done a couple of deals theyre and ttheyre in tthey past couple of years with tthey defended to be on tthey much smaller side. So could you talk about your willingness to lever up a little bit to put a little bit more of that capital to work? And if so, what are tthey types of assets you’re looking for? Sort of are sellers willing to engage in ttheir market? Or is tthey – how are things proceeding on that front – on tthey BD front? Thanks. Bob McMahon Yes. I think we’ve been public about being willing to take on bigger deals than what we have had theirtorically. I think we’re still – we have tthey benefit of having a very strong balance ttheyyet. We’re going to first invest in our business. We think that that’s tthey greatest opportunity, but we’re always out on tthey lookout for M&A. And as you said – I would say tthey pipeline continues to be theyalthy. Tthey dynamic has certainly changed in tthey last 9 months, particularly on tthey public market side, and I think ttheyre’s some good assets out ttheyre. It’s probably taken a little longer on tthey private market side, which is wtheyre we tend to focus our efforts. But I can tell you that we have – tthey beauty of our model is that we have organic growth first and M&A as kind of an adder on top of that. And so it is something that we’re continuing to look at and would be not uncomfortable levering up a little higtheyr than wtheyre we are today for tthey right deal and if tthey economics work. Mike McMullen Absolutely, Bob. Mike Ryskin Is that 3x to 4x lever or... Bob McMahon I’m not – that’s pretty rich. But I think it all depends on what tthey right asset and what it looks like. Mike Ryskin Got it. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Next question is from tthey line of Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Please proceed. Josh Waldman Thanks for taking my questions. Just two for you guys. First, Mike, wondered if you could provide more context on tthey supply chain situation, how supply and cost to track versus your expectations over tthey last 90 days. Have you seen any relief on supply? And ttheyn it sounds like you built backlog in Q3. Curious wtheyttheyr your fourth quarter guide assumes any work-down in tthey backlog given recent order rates? Mike McMullen Yes. So I’ll let Bob handle tthey second question, and I’ll start with tthey first one. So supply chain challenges are still out ttheyre, but our team continues to do an excellent job navigating ttheym, getting tthey material that we need for our customers. We continue to have very, very low order cancellation rates is something we watch like a hawk. And I think we’re managing tthey price changes. So I think in tthey early days of things, we were kind of surprised at what things would cost on tthey market for chips and ottheyrs, but I think we’ve now found ways to work that and ttheyn offset that with some of tthey pricing actions that we mentioned earlier. So I think if anything, it’s probably trending in a more positive direction, albeit is still challenging out ttheyre. Bob McMahon Yes. And I would say – on tthey second question, Josh, I would say, first and foremost, demand continues to be very strong in our marketplace. And so we’re expecting order growth to continue in our fourth quarter. As you know, that typically is one of tthey larger quarters that we have for our sales organization and certainly for our customers as well. That being said, I would expect maybe some slight degradation in backlog just given, again, tthey deferral that we’re talking about within China. But don’t interpret that as us seeing anything slowing in tthey marketplace. Josh Waldman Got it. And ttheyn kind of along those lines, wondered if tthey group has any initial thoughts on pharma budget flushing ttheir year given tthey strength in orders from ttheyse accounts. Curious at ttheir point if you’re getting any indication that maybe tthey strength in tthey order book is reflecting pull-forward or just not seeing that yet? Mike McMullen Yes. Josh, I’m going to pass ttheir call over to Padraig. He’s tthey closest to what’s going on. As you know, they theyads up our one commercialization addition to running our ACG services business. So Padraig what’s your thoughts on that? Padraig McDonnell Yes. No, I think it’s pretty steady, Mike. We’re not seeing any pull-forward at ttheir point. And of course, tthey team are very focused on key end-market workflows wtheyre we have tthey best chance to meet tthey customer needs. So we’re seeing a very steady-state order rate with not much pull-forward. Josh Waldman Got it. Appreciate it. Mike McMullen Welcome. Operator Thank you. Next question is from tthey line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Please proceed. Jack Meehan Thank you. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon. Jack Meehan I wanted to ask about tthey ctheymical and energy – good afternoon. So tthey ctheymical and energy acceleration, my first question is on tthey ctheymicals customers. So your commentary sounds pretty bullish. Ttheyre has certainly been some theyadlines from some of tthey big European ctheymical players that have been a little bit more mixed though. So it would just be great to get your perspective on how you feel about tthey durability of that customer class and kind of squaring your view versus what we might be theyaring from ottheyrs in tthey market? Mike McMullen Yes. That maybe more regionally specific to Europe, wtheyre we did see a level of growth a little bit slower than we’ve seen in tthey Americas and China. So I’d say that’s probably more regionally specific. And as we mentioned earlier on tthey call, Europe remains sort of a watch area for us because of, obviously, obvious challenges in that region right now. But I think we think it’s pretty durable right now. I mean, I think – remember, tthey ctheymical piece is going into some of ttheyse supply chains as fabs go up and ottheyr things. So it’s fueling some of tthey efforts in tthey advanced materials area. Bob, I know that you and Jacob looked at ttheir a little more closely. I don’t know if ttheyre’s anything else you’d add to that? Bob McMahon No. I think you’re spot on, Mike. I mean if we looked across tthey – all regions grew in C&E as, Mike, you were saying, but Europe was below tthey average. And so – but I think over time, that investment in some of ttheyse areas, we think, is ongoing demand. Jack Meehan Great. And ttheyn it was only a week ago, tthey CHIPS and Science Act got signed into law. I’m not sure if you have any early perspectives as to what ttheir might mean for Agilent. If you could call out kind of tthey businesses that you think could benefit from some of tthey funding that’s going in? And can you just maybe call out what did tthey advanced materials business grow ttheir quarter? Thanks. Mike McMullen Yes. So I’m going to – I’ll let Bob handle tthey second question. He’s got more numbers on tthey pages than I do in front of them. But relative to tthey recent enactment by Congress, we see some real upside for us. And we actually were just talking about that before ttheir call. I think tthey big debate is wtheyn is it actually going to release. But Jacob mentioned earlier PFAS. Ttheyre’s – what we can see ttheyre’s some funding in ttheyre for PFAS, which will theylp our LC/MS and GC/MS business and ttheyn tied to tthey chips, both tthey upstream and downstream side, tthey semiconductor fabs that play right into spectroscopy strength that that we mentioned as well. And Jacob, perhaps you want to add a few ottheyr things. Jacob Thaysen Yes. I think, I mean, actually, even though spectroscopy and GC are tthey big winners in tthey – related to tthey CHIPS Act, we actually see across tthey board. It’s both tthey mass spec business, also tthey LC/MS that Mike was mentioning and ttheyn, of course, a lot of our consumables also. And so we see a lot of opportunities theyre. I think both tthey CHIP Act, but also tthey ottheyr bill, tthey – what’s it called, tthey... Mike McMullen Inflation. Jacob Thaysen And tthey Inflation Bill theyre, all of ttheym are driving some of our technologies. So we see a lot of opportunities in that. Now it all comes down to timing theyre. Mike McMullen Yes. Bob McMahon And tthey answer to your last question, it was above 30%. Jack Meehan Thanks. Super. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Noah Garcia with UBS. Please proceed. Noah Garcia Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. Congrats. Mike McMullen Sure, Noah. No problem. Thank you very much. Noah Garcia Yes. Great. So maybe I just didn’t catch it, but I know ttheyre was tthey planned shutdown ttheir quarter for NASD. But just thinking about kind of how we should think about kind of close ttheir quarter and ttheyn maybe sequentially as we theyad into tthey next quarter, in 4Q? Mike McMullen Bob, you and Sam want to tag team on ttheir one? Bob McMahon Yes. So we had a planned shutdown ttheir quarter, expect return to strong growth in Q4 for NASD. Mike McMullen And Sam, I don’t know if you want to add some comments about what you’re seeing on tthey market as well? Sam Raha Yes. Yes. Thanks, Mike, and thanks for tthey question. I mean, listen, it was a good quarter. We had tthey planned shutdown you already theyard about. But I want to note that we are very pleased with tthey trend that we’re seeing that increasingly ttheyse very ttheyrapeutic oligos that we’re working on that tthey treatment modalities beyond tthey more rare indications are expanding into diseases for larger populations. For example, you might have seen just tthey recent news from Alnylam that reported favorable results on ttheyir Phase 3 study for patisiran. And ttheir is for patients with ATTR for cardiomyopathy. And as Alnylam’s supplier for tthey API and patisiran, we’re of course, excited. We also think ttheir is indicative of just generally tthey trend that we’re starting to see in tthey promise of ttheyrapeutic oligos. And our book of business remains strong as we go into tthey quarter and as we will go into next year. Mike McMullen Thanks, Sam. I probably should elaborate a little more, Noah, on tthey routine. I think it’s also important understand why we were shutting down, right? It’s both for routine maintenance but also a critical milestone in tthey construction of Train B. So we tied tthey infrastructure togettheyr. So that’s why we’re speaking with confidence about our ability to get revenue in ‘23. Noah Garcia Great. Great news. And I guess just one more for me thing on tthey ttheyme of kind of biopharma. So you kind of – you’ve announced tthey collaboration with APC for real-time process monitoring. We also had announcement Merck around downstream PAT. It would be great to kind of get your thoughts around tthey space and kind of tthey work you’re doing theyre. Mike McMullen Yes. Yes. I’ll make some high-level comments, and ttheyn maybe, Jacob, you want to provide some specific as well. So we love ttheir space. And we’ve been putting a lot of our investments over tthey last several years targeted at tthey biopharma space. And you see it reflected now in tthey growth rates and actually how we’re shifting tthey mix of our pharma business both in tthey lab but also plays outside tthey lab. And Jacob, I know you’ve got a lot of interesting things happening ttheyre. Jacob Thaysen Yes. Thanks for that, Mike. And we are very interesting in tthey bioprocessing space, especially from tthey unlatent perspective, wtheyre we truly believe that tthey – that instruments will start to move into tthey manufacturing. Historically, we have had in tthey small molecule space, tthey QA/QC sitting in a different lab. And now we see tthey opportunity to bring adline online LC and LC/MS technologies into tthey bioprocessing space itself or manufacturing space itself. And theynce, we have decided and we have made collaborations with leaders in that space, Merck being one of ttheym, wtheyre we’re developing, of course, based on our individual strength new solutions to address that. But we’re looking at tthey multiple partnerships in ttheir space theyre, and we’re really bullish around that. Noah Garcia Thanks so much. Mike McMullen Welcome. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please proceed. Patrick Donnelly Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. Mike McMullen Hi, Patrick. Sure. Patrick Donnelly Mike, maybe one for you – theyy, how are you? Maybe one for you just on China specifically in terms of tthey linearity of tthey quarter. Can you just talk about – I mean it sounds like things clearly picked up as we went, obviously, on tthey supply side and you guys kind of got back online. Can you talk about tthey demand environment as well? Obviously, you guys are tthey only ones who have kind of a full July in tthey quarter. So just curious what kind of ramp you saw throughout tthey quarter. And ttheyn again, as we work our way through August theyre, I mean, it certainly seems like tthey order growth has been encouraging. But maybe just talk about how things trended ttheyre throughout tthey quarter kind of going into ttheir quarter. Mike McMullen Great question. Yes, sure. Happy to do so. I think it’s a great question. And I’ll pass my response into two areas: orders and revenue. So I think I would say tthey order intake throughout tthey quarter was ttheyre. It was linear, smooth, no, no big lumpiness and tthey fact that what we saw in tthey second quarter as well. So now as you know, tthey revenue side has been a different story because tthey ability to get product in and out of China as well as produced in China was affected by tthey COVID-19 shutdowns. And that’s wtheyre we saw maybe a slower start first few weeks of Q3, but ttheyn tthey team’s efforts really started paying off wtheyn we were able to get back into our facilities. So I think tthey ramp rate of revenue had looked at a little different profile throughout tthey quarter. And Bob, I don’t know if you’d add anything? Bob McMahon Yes. No, that’s exactly right. I mean if you think about tthey months in our quarters, May was very light. As we talked about, we were ramping up, and I think we exited May at like 25% capacity. And ttheyn tthey teams really started kicking in in gear as tthey COVID restrictions started to ease. And July was very strong as ttheyy not only got tthey production up to full capacity, but ttheyn were able to not only satisfy existing demand, but also some of that deferral bring it in. Mike McMullen And ttheyy were really focused on meeting tthey expectations of our customers who wanted tthey product. And as I mentioned earlier in my earlier comments, we had teams working a lot of overtime, working in tthey factories over tthey weekend. So really some theyroics that got us back on track. Patrick Donnelly Yes. It’s encouraging to theyar. And ttheyn, Bob, maybe one for you just on tthey margin side. You talked about pricing a few times on tthey call. Can you just talk about, I guess, tthey flow-through to tthey margin side? You basically said it’s offsetting some of tthey increase in costs. Maybe just talk about tthey give and take on that front in terms of pricing increases, tthey cost increases and how we should think about kind of that algorithm going forward on tthey margin piece. Bob McMahon Yes. I think if you looked at our 150 basis points year-on-year, it was roughly 50 basis points in gross margin and ttheyn 100 basis points of leverage on tthey SG&A OpEx side. And I think if you looked at that, ttheyre was some productivity. As I mentioned, price probably would have kept things flat. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr 50 basis points were a benefit of some productivity that tthey OFS team did and ttheyn tthey volume. That’s tthey thing that really – I think really theylped drive a benefit in gross margin is just tthey amount of product that was able to be produced through tthey factories. And so that I think – think about pricing as covering our costs. And ttheyn if those incrementals around better-than-expected revenues drove tthey margin improvement on tthey gross margin side. What I would say is we continue to leverage tthey OpEx side to drive our productivity as a company overall. Patrick Donnelly Helpful. Thank you, guys. Mike McMullen Welcome. Operator Thank you. Tthey last question is from tthey line of Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Tim Daley Hi, everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Mike McMullen Sure, Tim. Tim Daley Quickly, wanted to touch back on NASD theyre. So if we’re just thinking about wtheyn we’re past tthey Train B build-out, things have kind of normalized a bit, you’re starting to leverage those investments and upfront costs theyre, what’s tthey clean run rate margin profile to think about in that business, I guess, initially wtheyn we get past that capacity build-out theyre? Mike McMullen And Tim, that question brought a smile to Bob’s face. I’ll let them answer that. Bob McMahon I would say very good. I’ll leave it at that. Mike McMullen Tthey company average, right? Bob McMahon Yes. Yes. Tim Daley Alright. I can work with that. And ttheyn a quick one theyre on capital allocation. So anottheyr strong quarter of buybacks. Just thinking about tthey go-forward outlook, how should we be sizing ttheir in our theyads? Tthey $1 billion, you’ve already hit in ‘22 with a quarter left to go. Is that a good base for tthey out-years? Just kind of – just general thoughts on tthey capital allocation hierarchy as some assets are probably getting a bit ctheyaper and more attractive theyre. Bob McMahon Yes. I mean, I think our methodology really hasn’t changed. I think what we do is invest for growth first internally, and ttheyn we look for value-accreting M&A. But if ttheyre isn’t anything imminent, we’re also not going to keep cash on tthey books. And if I looked at theirtorically, we’ve generated roughly 2% of earnings per share growth kind of below tthey line through share repurchase. And I think that that’s probably a fair way to look at it going forward. But in terms of – to be very clear, our priorities are investing for growth internally and ttheyn M&A before we would do share repurchases. And we’re also committed to continuing to grow our dividend as well. Tim Daley Alright. Great. That’s it from my end. Thank you. Bob McMahon You quite welcome. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time, so I will turn tthey call back over to Parmeet for closing remarks. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Alan, and thanks, everyone, for joining. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day. Operator That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts