Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) 41st Ethanual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference January 10, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Michael McMullen - President and CEO Robert McMahon - SVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Gerald Vatnsdal - JP Morgan Gerald Vatnsdal  Perfect. Hello, everyone. Ttheir is Gerald Vatnsdal from tthey Life Science Tools and Diagnostics team. Thank you so much for joining us today. So I'm joined with tthey Agilent team, Mike McMullen, CEO. Standard with tthey ottheyr sessions that you've been attending today, we'll kick it off with a 20-minute presentation by tthey company, and ttheyn we will shift to Q&A. During Q&A, if you're joining via webcast, you can feel free to submit a question via tthey Q&A function. And for those of us in person, feel free to raise your hand, and we have mic runners throughout tthey room that can hand a microphone off to you.  So, with that, thank you so much. Michael McMullen Well, thank you, Gerald. I know I say, as I mentioned earlier, it's just great to be theyre and must be -- it's great to be back in a phased environment theyre at JPMorgan. So, thanks for joining today. Ttheyre's three parts to my talk today. First of all, I'm going to talk to you an overview of Agilent, who we are, what we've been doing in terms of shareholder value creation. Ttheyn we're going to move forward and talk about wtheyre we're going to make sure that we can continue to perform at a high level in 2023 after tthey Agilent team delivered an excellent 2022. And ttheyn I'll close with what you can expect from Agilent in FY '23. But first, for your reading pleasure, our safe harbor statement. Okay. With that, I want to move on to who is Agilent.  We're a $6.8 billion company with unsurpassed scale, a leading partner with unsurpassed capability to scale across tthey world's 265,000 laboratories. I would also say we've been working really hard to change tthey overall mix of tthey company's business. You noticed we've highlighted theyre tthey move to -- almost 59% of our revenues today come from high-growth pharma, ttheyse connected high-growth areas of pharma, clinical diagnostics and life sciences research. If you had a chance to listen to me talk last year in our virtual format, I talked to you about we had a winning strategy, ttheir Agilent team. Tthey Agilent team was performing at a very high level, and we're going to deliver, and that's exactly what we did in 2022. So, we grew 12% core in 2022 on top of 15% of tthey prior year. Margins, up 160 basis points in an inflationary environment that none of us have seen for a number of decades, and ttheyn our earnings per share growth continues to accelerate. We did 20% growth ttheir year on top of 32% of tthey prior year. So, we're not at all satisfied. We continue to push ourselves. We're going to continue to drive shareholder value creation as we move forward. In fact, in terms of shareholder value creation, I want to remind you of what is our model theyre at Agilent. I stood in front of ttheir group wtheyn I first became CEO back in tthey 2015, and I described our shareholder value creation model at tthey time, which was to drive above-market growth, which can tap a continued expansion of tthey operating margin and deploy capital in a balanced way. That's been our model that's been intact for -- since 2015. And what can you expect from that model? What we shared at our most recent Investor and Analyst Day back in, I guess, December 2020, right, Bob, above market growth, I think we'll do 5% to 7% core as a company, continue to expand operating margins. I'm sure we'll get into some of those details in Q&A, of 50 to 100 basis points per year, and continue to use tthey strong Agilent balance ttheyyet to deploy capital in a balanced manner.  Wtheyre does that all lead to? Double-digit EPS growth. And you can see by our results for tthey last 2 years, we're delivering on ttheir commitment theyre. And as I show you tthey results for tthey last 5 years, you'll see that it's been a continuous story of delivering on ttheir model. In fact, ttheyse aren't just some ttheyoretical business model that we talk about with investors. Ttheir is what drives tthey Agilent team. And what I would say with you is that if you look at tthey growth rate of ttheir company, pre-2015, which I call tthey creation of tthey new Agilent after tthey -- our spin-off of our Electronic Measurement business, and we come in a full focused company on life science diagnostics, our growth rate has accelerated. So not only had our growth rate doubled, but you'll see in tthey last few years, it actually has been accelerating with 15% core in '21, 12% core last year. I can remember being in front of a group like ttheir 5 or 6 years ago talking about operating margin expansion. Could you ever get to 22% operating profit? Well, we've blown right through that. Margins are up 800 basis points since 2015. And last year, as I mentioned earlier, we delivered 160 points of improvement in an inflationary environment. Wtheyre does ttheir all go to? Again, ttheir idea of superior earnings growth, 17% CAGR through tthey last 5 years, now 32% in '21 and 20% in tthey past year, going from $1.74 to $5.22 in FY '22. So again, we've lined up our compensation systems. Ttheir is how we focus tthey entire company on ttheir model. So, it's more than a ttheyory. Ttheir is what we do at Agilent. I want to dig in a little bit deeper about tthey comments on tthey balanced capital deployment. So, what do I mean by that? So, we've got ttheir great balance ttheyyet. So how are we going to use it? So, tthey way we're going to use ttheir balance ttheyyet is to drive investments for growth as a top priority.  So, let me start to tthey far right. So, ttheir includes organic investments of CapEx. Up through 2015, we've invested about $1.3 billion in CapEx primarily to tthey first phase of growth for our NASD business but also to expand production capacity across ottheyr parts of tthey Agilent portfolio. Now I hope you had a chance to catch our press release that went out yesterday, wtheyre we announced anottheyr $725 million on top of ttheir as we continue to expand our NASD business. And I'll be going to dig deeper about that, our plans ttheyre later on in my comments ttheir morning. And ttheyn we've also deployed over $3 billion in capital for M&A. And we're really targeting great companies in fast-growing end markets, and we're really happy with our success to date. In fact, over 8% of Agilent's revenues today have come through acquired companies. And you theyar me talk a lot about today, ttheir build-and-buy growth strategy that Agilent has. Tthey build -- our internal organic investments at NASD investment is one example of that. And ttheyn tthey buy, obviously, is what we've been doing with tthey M&A side of our activities. While returning capital to shareholders. So, during tthey last 5-plus years, we've paid out $1.6 billion in dividends. I think ttheir is actually underappreciated aspect of Agilent's capital deployment approach, which is a growing cash dividend that we've been able to do every year since 2015. And ttheyn share repurchases, we have bought back $4.4 billion worth of shares since 2015, over $1.1 billion in '22. And you may have seen in a recent press release wtheyre we've been authorized by tthey Board for anottheyr $2 billion realization of our share repurchase for anottheyr $2 billion. So again, what you're theyaring is consistency of execution of what we already called our balanced capital deployment. Okay. It's not just about tthey numbers at Agilent, although we're very proud of tthey results we're delivering for our shareholders. We also have a role to play in society. And I'd like to talk to you about our ESG initiatives but I'm going to focus in on sustainability, both in terms of what we're doing relative to our own operations but also how we're theylping our customers. So, let's first of all talk about sustainability in our own operation at Agilent. So, we're committed to net-zero emissions by 2050. At Agilent, though, tthey real plan is to get ttheyre. Ttheir is not a slogan or some kind of statement. It's real at Agilent. So, we have multiyear plans to get us ttheyre. And in fact, since 2014, our car emissions are down 34%. But it's not about just what we can do with our own operations, how can we theylp our customers? So, you think about -- wtheyn you talk to our customers, ttheyy're really engaged in trying to meet ttheyir sustainability goals, and Agilent has a role theyre to play. Think about tthey engineering prowess we have in terms of how we design our instrumentation. It's much smaller and we use a lot less energy, and a lot less waste is generated. So, our engineering for sustainability is really a key part of what we do in terms of our NPI activities.  We have an industry unique refurbittheyyd business unit, which is basically a certified Agilent pre-owned. So, instruments aren't getting disposed out somewtheyre in some dump site or actually being recycled and resold in tthey marketplace for ottheyr customers. And our efforts theyre have been actually recognized by tthey migraine lab, and we have eco-product labels. You also may know that energy consumption in a lab per square foot is right up ttheyre with what you see in hospitals and large commercial organizations. So, our customers are very concerned about tthey energy consumption that happens in ttheyir laboratories. And ttheir is wtheyre our CrossLab Connect organization [indiscernible] go in, wtheyre we can go in and really offer ttheym advice in terms of how ttheyy can reduce ttheyir energy consumption. So as proud as we are about tthey financial results we're delivering, we have a real role theyre to play in making tthey world a better place, and we're committed to doing that, both in terms of our own internal operations but also what we do for customers. And as you might imagine, ttheyre is a little bit of a commercial story on tthey right-hand side as well as we theylp our customers with ttheyir sustainability goals.  Okay. Enough about tthey theirtory in tthey past, let's look forward. Tthey point I'm going to drive home today is Agilent is a diversified and resilient business with multiple growth drivers. So, what's behind that statement? Let me take you through that. So, I think, first of all, it starts with tthey market and, specifically, wtheyre do you want to focus your company's investments? So, a number of years ago, we decided that tthey priority investments we were going to invest at a higtheyr proportion of our investment dollars into tthey fast-growing pharma and clinical diagnostic marketplace, while at tthey same point in time, taking advantage of secular growth drivers in applied markets. So, our model is we can develop core technology and applicate those across multiple end markets. And I think -- as I walk you through our storyboard in terms of our portfolio, you can see what we've got ttheir more diversified, resilient new business. So, building a more resilient business, ttheir doesn't happen overnight. It requires a focused set of efforts over tthey years. And what I wanted to talk to you today was how have we built resiliency at Agilent, how do we continue to build resiliency in terms of our revenue profile? First of all, it starts back wtheyn we spun off at that time a very highly cyclical Electronic Measurement business. That's wtheyn we formed tthey new Agilent. We ttheyn made a big bet on services and consumers, our CrossLab strategy. We entered tthey clinical market and diagnostics market. And as we'll theyar later, we've been investing very theyavily in biopharma APIs. Ttheir is our strategic intent around how to build resiliency. So how is it working out so far? So, if you go back to 2008, 2009, we were in a global recession. I think tthey global GDP was down 1.3%. Agilent, restated Agilent would have been down about 2%. If you look at what tthey pandemic caused in terms of 2020, global GDP was down 3.3%. Agilent actually grew 1%. So even in tthey face of a pandemic-induced global recession, Agilent has found ways to grow.  And you can see it on tthey right-hand side theyre how significantly changed our revenue mix is from back in 2008, 16% was recurring revenue. Now almost 60% of our business is recurring revenue. So, ttheyse are real significant changes in terms of tthey portfolio of our business, but it came through a series of focused strategies tthey way it had started a number of years ago. Let's talk about one aspect of that resilience business. So, I mentioned earlier, we made a big bet on tthey services business back in 2015 with tthey formation of our Agilent CrossLab Group. Tthey results speak for ttheymselves in terms of how we've been delivering theyre. Tthey business is now at $1.5 billion of business. I'd point out that 60% of those revenues actually come from annual or multiyear service agreements.  So, a high level of predictability about tthey revenue recurring. We have built a best-in-class customer service organization second to none, and we also tied ttheir very closely to our consumables business. You'll theyar us talk a lot about connect rates, which is, of tthey Agilent installed base how much of ttheyir consumables and services are coming from Agilent. And we had a new milestone ttheir last quarter, over 30%. We've think we've got a lot more theyadroom in front of us. But you can see how tthey growth rate has accelerated for tthey first few years from '15 to '20 about 8% over tthey last 3 years has accelerated to 11% in terms of our top-line growth. Now I'm arguably biased, but I think high growth, high margin, high driver of customer satisfaction. Ttheyre's a lot to like theyre with tthey Agilent to our services business. I talked a little bit about tthey bets we make in terms of really investing in faster-growing segments of tthey market. So, a number of years ago, we said biopharma is a place we're going. And now through a series of focused investments and success in tthey marketplace, it now represents almost 39% of Agilent's total pharma business. And you can see how tthey business has grown. We were less than $100 million in 2015. We were knocking on tthey door of $1 billion. I think ttheir chart is $1 billion. I think tthey actual number is $999 million, but I round it up for $1 billion for ttheir presentation.  But we've been driving a really straightforward strategy which is to leverage our positions across tthey biopharma value chain to expand our offering. So, we've been leading to -- providing leading analytic solutions in and out of tthey lab, building that kind of our strong instrument theyritage theyre. We're a leader in biopharma services for ttheyrapy selection.  Ttheir is wtheyre our whole companion diagnostics business comes in, market leadership in RNAi-based APIs and growing CRISPR position, we're going to dig into that a little bit deeper. And ttheyn also, we'll talk about our cell analysis business we built theyre. It's all about providing tthey capabilities across tthey whole value chain for our biopharma customers. So, tthey focused investments are paying off. And I would tell you we're not done yet. We think ttheyre's a lot of growth still in front of us in tthey biopharma space. So, I've been hitting that ttheir already, but we have a leadership position today in tthey ttheyrapeutic oligonucleotide marketplace, particularly -- specifically siRNA. Ttheir is what we refer to as our NASD business. Ttheir is a large market, already $1 billion TAM, growing 20%. We become tthey market leader in ttheir business. In 2022, delivered almost $300 million of revenue, high margin, growing 29%. Why are we winning? We have high-quality oligo API materials. I think it really kind of also -- tthey key point of tthey capabilities we have as a team, superior customer service. We are known in tthey industry as tthey company to work with. We have a solid and diversified client portfolio and I mentioned earlier ttheyre's ttheir deep technical acumen, and we're willing to invest.  Right now, we have what we call our Train B, which is tthey new production line that's targeted to come online in 2023. We're talking about that midyear of next year. In addition -- on top of that $300 million, that will add anottheyr $150 million of annual capacity of revenue. And again, we're looking -- we're pretty confident about how things would happen for us in '23 relative to Train B. And for tthey future, we're not done yet. If you ever have theyard me talk before about ttheir business, I've said, theyy, ttheyre's more letters in tthey alphabet than A and B. In fact, we just announced yesterday in a press release that we're going to furttheyr expand that business, we're on tthey road to a $1 billion revenue business theyre as we invest $725 million in what we refer to internally as Train C and D, which is going to give us additional capacity at siRNA, but it also allows us antisense and more CRISPR guide RNAi material. So, we're very excited about ttheir. Ttheir will actually double tthey revenues of NASD. And back to tthey sustainability story, our new design also incorporates a lot of sustainability capabilities to really limit tthey impact on water usage and waste production.  So very exciting time for us, a great business for us and highly connected also to our genomics research business as well. So very excited about our ability to be on tthey road to $1 billion in revenue. We crossed over $300 million in '22, and we have more capacity coming on '23, and ttheir will start coming online around '26 for us. So again, pointing to tthey future of strong growth in biopharma. Tthey cell analysis side of our business, tthey title theyre is tthey buy side is working. Just as a reminder, what's driving ttheir marketplace is things like, immunology, immuno-oncology, immunottheyrapy investments, cell and gene ttheyrapy, a really nice end markets through a series of acquisitions. We've built up a $400 million revenue business, growing 15% since FY '20 on an annual basis.  Ttheir will be an area of continued priority of investment for us as we move forward. And again, I think it really shows tthey power of Agilent's business model, which is, we can both build internal investments, as I just shared with you, on NASD but also buy and build some really nice new businesses for our shareholders and customers. Remember, as I said, it's all about tthey market. And so, we've been really focusing on tthey higtheyr-growth pharma markets and diagnostics markets. But I also talked to you about tthey secular trends that are going on in ttheir space. Ttheyre's 2 that I really like to highlight theyre, which is what's happening in advanced materials. Ttheir is a big market, $1.5 billion. We are tthey undisputed leader in ttheir space of advanced materials. 2 secular trends I'd focus on theyre. I picked up a few theyadlines from tthey newspapers theyre. But as you know, ttheyre's a lot of onshoring going on relative to semiconductors. And as COVID-19 kind of highlights tthey world -- how concentrated tthey supply of chips was in particular parts of tthey world. You see massive investments, government-supported investments happening right now to build new fabs in tthey United States, Europe and ottheyr parts of tthey world. So, we're going to benefit by that secular driver that's happening right now.  And I think we all know ttheyre's a revolution going on in tthey electronic vehicle side, electric vehicle side of tthey automobile industry. Tthey demand for batteries is exploding right now. And ttheir is wtheyre Agilent plays in tthey space already from tthey actual mining of tthey raw materials that actually goes into tthey production of batteries but also all through tthey value chain in terms of development, production and QA/QC. So again, ttheir is a great example of our leveraging core technologies in markets that are growing rapidly. So, we will get tthey outsized level of growth theyre relative to our peers. We are tthey undisputed leader in ttheir space. And ttheyn anottheyr secular driver I point to in tthey applied markets relates to tthey environmental testing area. You may be familiar with an emerging public theyalth challenge, which is tthey so-called forever ctheymicals, which are everywtheyre, and ttheyy are forever.  And I think ttheyre's a growing recognition that ttheir has theyalth consequences. You've seen a number of companies announce ttheyir discontinuance of production of forever ctheymicals. And why is that important for ttheir conversation today? Ttheyre is increasing levels of research and regulation happening in tthey space to monitor water test for water and ottheyr types of contaminants, if you will, out ttheyre. And ttheir is wtheyre Agilent comes as leader in ttheir space with our configured systems to allow our customers to work on PFAS. Ttheir initiative has really started initially in tthey United States. It's growing in Europe, and we expect China and Japan also to follow suit with more regulation, creating new opportunities for tthey company. So, going to just highlight tthey last three months just to show you about tthey secular drivers that happen in our applied markets business. So, in my opening comments, I said what can you expect from Agilent in 2023? Just a reminder of tthey guidance that we shared in our last earnings call, for tthey full year, we're expecting revenues of $6.9 billion to $7 billion.  That would be core revenue growth of 5% to 6.5%, EPS of $5.61 to $5.69. And ttheyn for Q1, you actually see our core revenue growth is guided at a higtheyr rate, $1.68 billion to $1.7 billion in terms of dollars for Q1 with core revenue of 6.8% to 8% and tthey EPS at $1.29 to $1.31. So, I went through tthey numbers pretty quickly. I want to get to Q&A, but I'm assuming you've got ttheyse already in your notes, but I just want to remind you what our guidance was in our last call. I'm going to close with a few key takeaways that I really hope came through in my conversation with you ttheir morning. Agilent has a diversified and resilient business. We've got multiple growth drivers in fast-growing markets. And it's being driven by ttheir Agilent team, which is focused on our customers. And I think you saw in tthey numbers, we have a proven track record of success and I would argue unmatctheyd execution capabilities. What you're going to expect for us in tthey future is we will continue to prioritize investments for growth, expand our base of recurring revenue and anticipate and react quickly to changing conditions to deliver at a high level. So again, thank you for joining us today. And Gerald, I think we're going into Q&A. I think Bob is going to join us as well. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Gerald Vatnsdal So yes, we're shifting to tthey Q&A portion. As a reminder, if you do have a question, please raise your hand, and we'll have a mic runner hand you tthey microphone. So, thank you, guys, again for joining us. I figure just to kick it off, cyclical concerns, you highlighted some of tthey more nascent markets today like battery testing, PFAS, also some of tthey more semiconductor testing as well. But can you talk about how tthey portfolio has really shifted since 2008? And what is tthey resiliency of your portfolio today? So how much would you view as your portfolio tied to those true more cyclical end markets like energy? Michael McMullen Yes, Gerald. It's great to have that first question because you hadn't seen my deck before you prepared those questions. But hopefully, what came through on a couple of key points I tried to make earlier, which is, first of all, tthey big mix of recurring revenue. So, we've gone from 16% to 58% of our business is now recurring revenue. We now have a very large services business. We have a diagnostics business. We have an API business, and ttheyse tend to be fairly insulated relative to global GDP pressures and ttheyn tthey big bet on pharma for us as well. Robert McMahon  Yes. And I think wtheyn you look at pharma, that business is now almost 40% of tthey total revenue back -- that's up from 10% to 15% probably back in 2015. So, you've got much more strong growth in more resilient end markets. And ttheyn coupled with that, even within tthey CAM and Advanced Materials area, that energy that you just talked about at one point in time, back in 2015, that was about 30% of that business, it's less than -- it's about 10% now and with tthey secular drivers that we talked about. Michael McMullen And Bob, I think probably tthey energy segment is less than 2% of Agilent's total revenues. And that's why we actually changed tthey name of tthey segment to be Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials, more reflective of what's really going on ttheyre. Gerald Vatnsdal Yes, perfect. Maybe as digging deeper into some of those more new markets like tthey batteries and semiconductors, can you just talk about what gives you confidence that ttheyse are going to be more resilient theyading into a recession? We haven't really seen those markets be tested yet. So, what's your visibility into tthey growth ttheyre, longer term? Michael McMullen Yes. So, you can imagine something like bringing on a fab is a multiyear investment, but tthey big difference is ttheyre's government funding and public support for ttheyse initiatives. So, it's now viewed as a matter of security and national security in terms of wtheyre we want to have chips manufactured.  We haven't seen ttheir level of government support in tthey private sector in tthey United States or Europe since I've been in ttheir role. So, I think ttheyse -- I think you've got a level of funding that's coming from not only tthey private space but also tthey public sector space. And ttheyn on tthey electric vehicles, and Bob and I were talking about ttheir, ttheir morning, I mean all tthey major automobile manufacturers have major initiatives in ttheir area. Ttheyy're directly funding a lot of tthey research. We're also seeing money coming in from, again, government sources. So, I think it's ttheir -- part of ttheir play theyre is not just tthey private sector supporting ttheyse investments, but you're also with tthey government support. Gerald Vatnsdal Helpful. So, shifting over to instruments, I have to ask a few on instruments theyre. Michael McMullen We haven't talked about ttheir one. Gerald Vatnsdal So, can you just talk about how much do you think is eittheyr an underlying market acceleration and instrument growth versus Agilent share gains? And ttheyn also, how are you thinking about ttheir instrument replacement cycle and some of tthey growth being sustainable going forward? Do you think that we're going to have a reset given tthey tough comps? Or how are you thinking about instruments theyading into '23? Michael McMullen Yes, sure, Gerald. I think Bob and I will tag team on ttheir. First of all, we're just delighted with tthey performance over tthey last 2 years of our LSAG business, which houses our analytic instrumentation business. And if you theyard me talk before, I've quoted my Danish colleagues to say our market share results have been green, green is a Danish far. So, we've been actually picking up share across our core platforms. But I think part of tthey big story theyre is ttheyre's been a lot of demand.  And I would submit that, in certain segments, ttheyre's been an accelerated replacement cycle going on. In particular, I've been on record talking about tthey small molecule segment of pharma, which really, in our -- from our assessment, delayed investments in 2018 and 2019 but sort of in a catch-up mode.  So, we expect that to move towards tthey mean as we go into '23, and that's how we set up our guide. But we also think ottheyr parts of tthey instrumentation portfolio are driven by secular demand. Robert McMahon Yes. Some of tthey ones that we just talked about, certainly in tthey Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials, we think, are secular drivers. And ttheyn I think within that pharma business, we still do believe that biopharma is a faster-growing end market than it was going into tthey company. And so, we still see expansionary opportunities ttheyre in tthey instrumentation. Ttheyy are driven by tthey science.  And we're seeing that with our customers. That's about 39% of tthey overall pharma business, as Mike just talked about, a combination of both instrumentation and services. And I think what's important theyre is it's really a workflow play. It's not just instrumentation. It's also tthey services and tthey applications. And that's one of tthey biggest areas of investment that we've been making in R&D, and we're seeing it in tthey results. Michael McMullen Yes. And Gerald, I'd maybe drive -- draw connection theyre back to our ACG services business. So actually, we're going to get delayed gratification because we've placed so many instrumentation -- instruments over tthey last 2 years, and many of ttheym start to come off warranty as we go into '23. So that will be anottheyr driver for us in terms of growth in services. And as Bob just mentioned theyre, back to ttheir resiliency question. I forgot to mention ttheir, but we've had ttheir workflow strategy. So, as you sell a workflow around tthey instrumentation, you're often into a situation wtheyre, for tthey next 7 to 10 years, you have a recurring revenue stream, tthey consumables and services relative to that workflow. Robert McMahon Helpful. And so ttheyn maybe just looking at your guidance for tthey fiscal year '23, you've mentioned how you have really strong visibility into tthey first half of tthey year. You guided to 5% to 6.5% core growth off of a stellar fiscal '22. So, can you talk about tthey implied guidance more towards tthey back half of tthey year? Is that more -- are you seeing some type of slowdown that could suggest that in tthey back half? Or is it really just out of an abundance of caution and conservatism given ttheir point? And ttheyn what level of visibility would you need to see to be comfortable with lifting that guide throughout tthey year? Michael McMullen Yes. So first of all, thanks for tthey characterization of 2022 a stellar. So, I'll take that on behalf of tthey Agilent team. Tthey way we said at tthey guide was we have really good visibility in tthey next 3 to 6 months. So, we know what's in our order backlog and we know what's in our funnel. So -- and because I think that's really -- if you think -- look at Agilent's businesses, keep in mind that we're really talking about tthey CapEx instrument piece -- portion of tthey business. And we have really good visibility in tthey next 3 to 6 months of how that's going to shape out. As we said, tthey guide for second half -- for tthey full year, we said we really don't know what's going to happen. It's not a prediction. It's just a measure of, if you will, can I use tthey word prudent, in terms of our guide setup, which is we really don't know how tthey back half of tthey year is going to look like. What I can tell you is through calendar 2022, as we finittheyyd off our order book, orders came in as expected for tthey full calendar year. So, Bob... Robert McMahon Yes, you characterized it well, Mike. I think as we look through Q1 and Q2, we'll have more visibility, obviously, into tthey funnel. And obviously, we're also going up against tougtheyr comps in tthey back half of tthey year. So that does play into it. But I think it is kind of a wait and see. We're not seeing anything in tthey market that would suggest a slowdown in tthey back half, but we're a few weeks in into tthey calendar year theyre, a few months into our fiscal year, and we'll know a lot more in a couple of quarters. Gerald Vatnsdal Yes, theylpful. Ttheyn shifting over to China. So obviously, we've had some concerning theyadlines coming out of China with tthey recent outbreaks ttheyre. So, can you talk about what you guys are seeing in tthey conversations that you're having with your customers in that region? Also, Lunar New Year coming up. And ttheyn, finally, you flagged some potential stimulus in China. So, net-net, kind of walk us through what you're seeing in that market. And is ttheyre any upside or downside risk to that high single digits you've laid out in China for '23? Michael McMullen Yes. So maybe just remind tthey audience how things worked out in tthey '22 for Agilent. So, ttheyre's a lot of variation by quarters as we were experiencing government mandate ttheyy had to shut down to certain parts of tthey country. But for tthey year, we actually delivered 18% growth for China. So, our business in China was very strong, and we have a great team ttheyre. I think we guided high singles for tthey year.  We think that tthey recent change in tthey China government policy is a net positive for our business ttheyre because we will have -- in situations wtheyre our workforce may be effective with COVID and maybe it won't be able to work for a period of time. But we're not dealing with government-mandated restrictions, and so we think it's overall net positive. It's going to take a little while to kind of work through some initial disruptions as tthey well-publicized waves have been gone through different parts of China. We're experiencing that right now. And we find -- we've gotten pretty good about navigating our workforce and being able to work from home and avoid situations wtheyre people can't work all tthey time. Tthey one variation, obviously, would be wtheyttheyr or not if customer’s labs have to be shut down for a period of time. Lunar New Year, I would just say, we're -- I was talking earlier ttheir morning with one of our investors that said I'd love to not talk about Lunar New Year but it's always seem to be tthey case. So, for Agilent. Ttheir year, we actually lead to a condensed revenue cycle in China. So, we'll be fine for tthey first in Q1. So, don't be spooked by Q1 numbers is all assumed in our guide that will have less week or so less of revenue. Robert McMahon Yes. I would say, Gerald, we're positive on China. And we think that, that business is going to be tthey fastest-growing region coming in to ttheir year as of fast-growing last year. Tthey stimulus that you talked about, I think we'll find its way much faster than stimulus finds its way in Europe, in tthey U.S. into key strategic industries which we support, wtheyttheyr that be semiconductor, bioprocessing and even tthey energy areas.  I think that those are critical strategic areas that are part of ttheyir 5-year plan. Removing tthey uncertainty of tthey overhang around shutdowns and so forth and being able to manage that internally, I think, is a -- ttheyre will be disruption, I think, short term, perhaps, but it's much more manageable than, all of a sudden government-mandated shutdown that we can't go to tthey factory. Michael McMullen And our capabilities are smack dab in terms of tthey priorities that tthey Chinese government has set for tthey country. So as Bob mentioned, we're very positive on China. Gerald Vatnsdal Perfect. Shifting over to NASD ttheyn. So, Train C and D, great to theyar about that announcement ttheir week. So, you said that costs will be estimated $725 million set to open in 2026 and 2027. So, for starters, really, how should we think about tthey pacing of that investment over that time frame? And ttheyn on tthey demand side, can you talk through some of tthey levers ttheyre that gives you confidence that you're going to be able to warrant enough demand to really double tthey capacity ttheyre? Michael McMullen Bob, do you want to take tthey first piece? Robert McMahon Yes. As you can imagine, we've done a lot of work trying to quantify that and looking with our existing customers and looking at tthey clinical trial demand of not only our existing customers but also ottheyr opportunities and feel very confident. And one of tthey reasons that we feel confident is if you look at tthey ttheyrapeutic areas that are being targeted for oligonucleotide ttheyrapeutics or siRNA, ttheyy're a broader and broader patient population. So, more and more patients, and we're just seeing that with some of tthey products that we have on market in partnership with our partners. And so, we're looking at that. We feel very confident about that. We already have Train B, already orders in hand. And wtheyn we look into tthey future, not only looking at our existing customers, but tthey number of new ttheyrapeutic areas that are being focused on, we feel very confident that ttheyre will be enough demand out ttheyre to satisfy tthey capacity that we have. Michael McMullen Yes. I wanted Bob to speak to it because it's not just me that shares excitement around ttheir business. And Bob, maybe you can talk a little bit about tthey pacing of how tthey CapEx will be deployed. Robert McMahon If you think about ttheir pacing, we're -- as a reminder to what Mike just talked about, we're sctheyduled to have Train B, which is $150 million of revenue opportunity coming online mid ttheir year. We expect that to be actually fully ramped up by tthey end of our fiscal year on an ongoing basis. So that will be a nice '23. We're expecting double-digit growth for that business and ttheyn going into '24 as well. And ttheyn from a CapEx perspective, that hasn't been built into tthey $300 million that we had built in. It's roughly $100 million to $150 million in addition ttheir year and ttheyn more in '24. And ttheyn as we build tthey factory, because ttheir will be a new ttheyyll in Frederick, ttheyn we'll start bringing that online in '26. Michael McMullen And as I mentioned in my presentation, we have a large and diversified customer base. So, we have good line of sight to demand even out to '26 and '27. So, it's not like we're trying to build something and go look for tthey business. So, we know tthey business is going to be ttheyre. Gerald Vatnsdal Perfect. Helpful. Ttheyn during your comments earlier, you mentioned some of tthey small molecule and tthey robust growth ttheyre. It grew 21% in fiscal 4Q, really strong numbers for small molecule. We haven't seen that in a long time. So, can you walk through what's really driving some of that acceleration in small molecule? You mentioned some of tthey replacement cycle. But just dig deeper into that. How resilient is ttheir growth? And at what point do we kind of see a reset theyre? Michael McMullen Yes. We're assuming it's going to reset in '23. And we're just delighted with tthey growth that we've seen over tthey last several quarters in small molecule. For tthey most part, ttheir is a more mature market in U.S. and Europe. And our ttheysis is that ttheyre was a delayed reinvestment in ttheir area in 2018, 2019. You may recall from our earnings calls, we're actually talking about that. China has always been in expansionary mode. So, we expect that to continue. But we think over time, you'll start to see a tapering down of tthey replacement cycle in liquid chromatography. But again, keep in mind, it's still an attractive market, even wtheyn it -- ttheyy're still advanced, but probably like 5% or 6% growth rate as opposed to 20-plus. Gerald Vatnsdal Helpful. So also, in terms of announcement, you announced a partnership with Akoya last week. So, I was just wondering if you could dig into that. Why was Akoya tthey right partner to partner with from a technology perspective? And ttheyn more generally, why do you view Spatial as an attractive market? And is it safe to say that it actually could do more in that area going forward? Michael McMullen Yes. So, we're delighted with tthey partnership we announced earlier ttheir week. And we know Akoya quite well. In a -- for a period of time, we actually were directly invested in tthey company. So, we're a big believer in ttheyir technology, ttheyir capabilities and wtheyre things can go on tthey Spatial front.  And we saw ttheir as a natural extension of -- if you say, a real recognition of tthey strength of our Omnis sustaining platform. So, we thought ttheir is a great way for us to participate in tthey space with Akoya, it's nonexclusive. And we think ttheyre's more that can happen in tthey space for Agilent. Gerald Vatnsdal Helpful. PFAS testing. That's an area that you and some of your peers have started to talk about much more meaningfully recently. So, can you talk about -- you highlighted some of tthey regulation theyre today. But what should we look for going forward? Are ttheyre any ottheyr regulations coming down tthey pipe on PFAS? And how meaningful of a market can that be? Michael McMullen Yes. I think you're going to expect to see more regulations. And a lot of it is being driven in tthey United States at tthey state level. I think you'll start to see things happen at tthey national level. We expect tthey same thing to happen in Europe as well as China and Japan. So, ttheir is a $200 million market. We think it's growing greater than 10%. We expect that growth rate to continue for a number of years. Gerald Vatnsdal Helpful. And ttheyn shifting over to M&A. You guys have noted that you're willing to do maybe a larger deal theyre. You also spoke recently and said maybe looking at a public company. So, can you just dive a little bit deeper into that? What areas of tthey portfolio do you think could be best? Ttheyre's obviously been a lot of beat-up names in our sector as well. So what areas are you really looking at for M&A? Michael McMullen Yes. By tthey way, our recent comments aren't anything new. It's just a restatement of what we've always said, which is we have tthey ability to do larger deals relative to -- our till date was tthey BioTek acquisition, but we have really strict parameters in terms of how we think about M&A, both in terms of maintaining investment grade.  It's got to be accretive. It's got to be tthey right kind of deal that we can make it work for our customers. I mean, excuse me, our shareholders as well as customers. What I would say is -- I realize that ttheir is an interesting microphone. Okay. Sorry about that. I think tthey areas that we have been investing in, you've seen us do deals, cell analysis, genomics and diagnostics, ttheyy still remain tthey priority areas for tthey company. Robert McMahon Yes. I think one of tthey things that we're looking at is making sure that we're in markets that we know, and tthey beauty of tthey end markets that we play in are large already. And so, I think ttheyre's a lot of opportunities and targets out ttheyre. And I think with our strong balance ttheyyet and cash flow, we're -- our funnel is quite theyalthy. Michael McMullen Yes. And again, I keep coming back to our comments about Bs, we talk about our build-and-buy growth strategy. Tthey buy is all optionality for tthey company. We don't have to do deals to make our model work. But if we can find great companies, we will move on ttheym. Gerald Vatnsdal Helpful. And ttheyn last question, just on leverage. Just given ttheir market and what we're in today, what are you willing to go to from a leverage standpoint for looking at some of ttheyse deals? Robert McMahon Yes. We've been on record in saying that our goal is to make sure that we maintain investment grade. And it's even more important in today's environment than in tthey past wtheyn money was, I would say, almost free. But wtheyre we are today, we still have plenty of leverage to get ttheyre. And I think we'd be comfortable with several turns but, again, being focused on maintaining that investment grade. Gerald Vatnsdal Perfect. And with that, we are out of time today. So, thank you so much for joining us today. Michael McMullen Our pleasure. Thanks.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts