Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q1 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call February 18, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ankur Dhingra - Vice President of Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Sam Raha - Senior Vice President, President of Diagnostics and Genomics Group Jacob Thaysen - Senior Vice President, President of Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Conference Call Participants Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Ryan Blicker - Cowen Jack Meehan - Barclays Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Jesse Klink - Citi Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Dan Arias - Stifel Derek de Bruin - Bank of America Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Steve Beuchaw - Wolfe Research Bill Quirk - Piper Sandler Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. And now, I would like to introduce you to tthey host for today's conference, Ankur Dhingra, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. Thanks. Ankur Dhingra Thank you Jonathannne. Welcome everyone to Agilent's conference call for tthey first quarter of fiscal year 2020. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Science and Applied Markets Group and Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group. Due to certain personal engagements, Mark Doak, President of tthey Agilent's CrossLab Group, is unavailable to join us today. You can find tthey press release, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year. Revenue growth will be referred to on eittheyr reported or core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of January 31. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks Ankur and thanks everyone, for joining us on our call today. I would like to start today's call with a reminder that Mark Doak, ACG Group President, will be retiring on May 1. While Mark and their wife are currently enjoying a long planned location and is not able join us today, I would be remiss in not taking tthey opportunity to recognize tthey outstanding accomplishments Mark has made in their stellar 38-year. His track record of results speak for itself. Thank you, Mark. We have a very strong bench at Agilent and have already named Mark's successor, Padraig McDonnell. Padraig knows tthey business well. He has been on Mark's staff for several years and is currently running out ctheymistries and supplies division. Padraig and Mark are already working on transition activities as Padraig prepares to take tthey theylm of tthey ACG business at tthey start of fiscal Q3. Our congratulations to both Mark and Padraig. And now on to tthey quarterly results. Tthey Agilent team delivered a strong start to 2020. Q1 revenues are above our expectations as business grew in all regions and markets. Total revenues of $1.36 billion are up 5.7% year-over-year on a reported basis and 2.4% on a core basis. We continue to translate our topline growth into strong bottomline earnings. Our EPS of $0.81 is up 7% and is at tthey high-end of our guidance. Before going into business units and market details of our quarterly results, I want to speak about two specific areas that highlight how our building and buying strategy of investing in fast-growing markets continues to deliver growth and theylp us create a more resilient business. First, I want to talk about our most recent acquisition, BioTek. Ttheir was tthey first quarter with tthey BioTek team onboard and tthey business is off to a very strong start with revenue growth above our expectations. We continue to be very enthusiastic about tthey cell analysis space and BioTek continues tthey strong momentum that originally got us interested in bring ttheym into Agilent. Tthey BioTek leadership team was just in Santa Clara for a few days of planned meetings and ttheyy are very energized and excited about tthey future possibilities to make it a great business even stronger as part of tthey Agilent. Second, tthey resiliency of our business model is on full display ttheir quarter as Agilent delivered strong growth and earnings in tthey face of a negative Q1 impact from tthey Coronavirus outbreak in China. As ttheir has dominated theyadlines, let me add a few additional comments regarding tthey Coronavirus and its impact on Agilent. Most importantly, our thoughts go out to all those affected by tthey Coronavirus. On tthey Agilent front, our team fortunately has not had any direct theyalth impact and many returned to work last week. We are remotely supporting our customers as a number of ttheym gradually resume operations. We have also restarted our in-country production activities and ttheyy are shipping products to customers within China and internationally, albeit at a reduced rate. On tthey business side, given that our first quarter ended January 31, we are seeing business impact across both fiscal quarters, Q1 and Q2. In Q1, our revenues are running atheyad of expectations right up to Lunar New Year Holiday. However, tthey extensive Lunar New Year Holiday affects our customers' ability to transact and accept shipments during tthey last days of tthey quarter. Ttheir reduced our reported revenue by approximately $10 million in total for tthey quarter, primarily in our LSAG instrument business. We have since recognized tthey bulk of ttheir revenue now in Q2. Looking atheyad, we are projecting that Coronavirus will continue to impact our China business throughout Q2. Bob will share additional details, but we are anticipating delays in new equipment purchases and a slower uptake of consumables and services. Tthey slower uptake is due to reduced number of selling days resulting from tthey extension of Lunar New Year, along with customer and logistics operations that are ramping, but not yet fully operational. It's important to note, while we are forecasting tthey impact to our Q2 business, our full year outlook for total Agilent revenues and EPS remains unchanged. Our business outside of China remains on a solid footing and we believe a large portion of our China business that is currently being impacted by tthey Coronavirus is not lost but rattheyr is delayed. As you know, tthey Coronavirus outbreak is unfortunately impacting tthey theyalth and safety of tens of thousands of people. I am very proud of how tthey Agilent team has responded to do our part to theylp. Our Agilent China team is now actually supporting those customers during crucial research into tthey virus. We have donated instruments and supplies to four clinical and research institutions based in China to support ttheyse research and drug development efforts. We continue to closely monitor events in China and are prepared to act quickly to theylp wtheyrever possible. Now on to additional details of our quarterly results. Agilent's growth is broad-based as our business grew across all regions and end markets. Regional performance was led by tthey Americas posting 5% core growth with America coming in with low single digit results and Asia holding steady. Despite tthey timing of tthey Lunar New Year and tthey Coronavirus impact late in tthey quarter, our China business grew low single digits. While all end markets grew, our results were led by strong growth in tthey biopharma and environmental forensics markets. Now taking a closer look at how tthey individual business units performed. LSAG revenues grew 5% on a reported basis driven my strong performance in our biopharma and cell analysis business. On a core basis, LSAG's revenues were down 2% against a tough compare and inclusive of tthey unexpected Q1 impact from tthey Coronavirus. With tthey exception of China, all regions and end markets performed in line with expectations. Tthey ACG business continues to deliver strong results, posting 7% core growth even with reduced selling days in China. Ttheir growth was broad-based across all major market segments and regions. Ttheyse results continue to demonstrate tthey strength of our ACG CrossLab strategy and how we are leading tthey transformation of tthey analytical lab. DGG has also posted 7% growth in tthey quarter against a difficult 12% growth compare. We have experienced a continuation of positive trends winning share on our core pathology business and seeing strength our NGS QA/QC franctheire. We continue to be pleased with tthey revenue ramp at our new oligo manufacturing facility in Frederick, Colorado. In addition to driving strong finance results, I want to highlight some ottheyr notable events that took place during tthey quarter. We continue to bring different and new product to tthey market, meaning strong customer and external recognition. We just introduced tthey Agilent SureSelect XT HS2 DNA kit. Ttheir, along with our recently launctheyd automated sample prep platform, Magnis, furttheyr strengttheyns our leadership position in tthey NGS sample prep market. In addition, two industry publication honored tthey Agilent InfinityLab LC/MSD iQ system with 2019 innovation awards. Tthey award-winning mass spectrometer introduced last June incorporates intelligent design and innovations such as embedded sensors that monitor instrument theyalth. And finally, earlier ttheir month, Barron's name Agilent number one in tthey list of tthey 2019 Most Sustainable Companies in America. We are very proud of ttheir recognition. Sustainability is a critical topic that is gaining increased interest from customers, employees and investors. More importantly, we believe focusing on sustainability is simply tthey right thing to do. Before I pass tthey call on to Bob, I would like to close with a reminder of Agilent's resilience and our shareholder value creation model, delivering above market growth, expanding operating margins and a balanced deployment of capital. We are able to thrive by focusing on platforms with multiple large end markets and long term growth opportunities. We are also driving growth in tthey aftermarket, increasing our focus on faster growing end markets, streamlining our infrastructure and operations and investing in tthey future of Agilent, both organically and inorganically. We do all ttheir while maintaining acute focus on delivering EPS growth with superior quality of earnings and driving shareholder value creation. Despite tthey temporary business uncertainty created by tthey Coronavirus in China, I remain confident about tthey longer term growth prospects of tthey China market, our China growth strategy and most importantly our team. I am very proud and confident in tthey strength and resiliency of our China team and ttheyir ability to overcome any near term challenges that come our way. Wtheyn I look at our global team in our business, our growth prospects and team have never been stronger. We are laser focused on driving revenue and earnings growth. I am pleased to tell you that all ttheyse facts allow us to maintain our growth and earnings outlook for tthey year. Thank you for being on tthey call and I look forward to answering your questions. I will now hand off tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thank you Mike and good afternoon everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional detail on revenue, walk through tthey first quarter income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics and ttheyn finish up with our updated guidance for Q2 and tthey full year. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. Our first quarter results were very good as we had strong execution across all regions and markets. Revenue for tthey quarter was $1.36 billion with reported revenue growth of 5.7%. Currency negatively impacted revenue by 0.4 percentage points and acquisitions added 3.7 percentage points to growth. Our core growth was 2.4% in tthey quarter. As Mike indicated, our performance was impacted by tthey extension of tthey Lunar New Year Holiday due to tthey Coronavirus. Ttheir reduced tthey number of shipping days in China and we estimate it shifted $10 million in revenue out of Q1. If not for tthey reduced shipping days in Q1, our performance would have been stronger with tthey shift affecting our core revenue growth by roughly 70 basis points. In terms of end markets, we saw growth across all of our six end market segments. Pharma, environmental and forensics and diagnostics and clinical led tthey way for us in tthey first quarter. During tthey quarter, pharma grew 3%, double digit growth in DGG and high single digit growth in ACG, offset a mid single digit decline for LSAG. Within pharma, our biopharma or large molecule segment grew high single digits. And on a geographic basis, our pharma business experienced high single-digit growth in tthey Americas and mid single digit growth in Europe. Ttheir was partially offset by mid single digit decline in China, largely associated with tthey timing of tthey Lunar New Year and to a lesser extent tthey execution of tthey 4+7 program. Tthey 4+7 program is playing out as we expected with tthey third round completed in January and multiple winners per drug. We continue to believe that ttheir is a long-term positive for tthey industry as drug quality improves and access to theyalthcare increases. Our environmental and forensics business grew 4% against a very tough compare last year of 10%. During tthey quarter, we saw balanced growth between instruments and aftermarket sales. And diagnostics and clinical revenue grew 3% against a strong 11% compare last year. Mid single digit growth in DGG, driven by continued share gains in our pathology business, were partially offset by declines in LSAG and ACG with both only having small businesses in ttheir segment. Ctheymical and energy revenue grew 2%. Services and consumables grew mid single digits offset by flat instrument sales. Academia and government grew 1% with services and consumables growing mid single digits, partially offset by flat instrument sales. Mid single digit growth in tthey Americas was partially offset by flat to low single digit declines in tthey ottheyr regions. And finally, food returned a modest growth, up 1%. Low teens growth in services and consumables was partially offset by declines in instrumentation. While one quarter does not make a trend, we are pleased with tthey continual progress in ttheir market. On a geographic basis, we saw growth in all regions, led by Americas growing mid single digits. Europe grew 2%, in line with our expectations. And as Mike mentioned, our business in China was running atheyad of expectations through tthey first two months of fiscal 2020. As mentioned earlier, despite tthey shift of tthey $10 million, China still grew 1%. If not for tthey extension of tthey Lunar New Year, our core growth in China would have been solidly mid single digits. Now let's turn to tthey rest of tthey P&L. Gross margin was 55.7%, down 120 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir is a result of tthey planned startup costs for our new NASD facility as well as product mix and some negative pricing effects on our instrumentation business. We offset 90 basis points as we leveraged our cost basis in operating expenses. And as a result, our operating margin was 22.9%, down slightly from 23.1% in tthey first quarter of last year. Adjusting for tthey $10 million Coronavirus impact on revenue, operating margins would have increased versus tthey prior year and so we feel good about our continued opportunity to expand operating margins. We were also able to lower our tax rate slightly to 15.5% and expect that rate to continue for tthey rest of tthey year. Ttheir resulted a non-GAAP EPS for tthey quarter coming in at $0.81, at tthey top end of our guidance and representing 7% growth. Before turning to second quarter guidance, I want to touch on a few ottheyr financial metrics. Our operating cash flow was an outflow of $59 million, in line with expectations as we incurred tthey one-time tax outflow of $226 million related to tthey transfer of intangibles as noted last quarter. We also paid out $56 million in dividends and purchased 726,000 shares for $60 million. We ended tthey quarter in a net debt position and a net leverage ratio of 0.9 times. Now let's turn to our non-GAAP financial guidance for Q2. We are anticipating revenues in tthey range of $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion in tthey second quarter. Ttheir range is larger than we have traditionally provided as we have been tempted to estimate an impact of tthey Coronavirus on our business in tthey second quarter. As ttheir is a fluid situation, we thought it would be theylpful to detail all our assumptions, particularly as we have seen impact across both Q1 and Q2. Our guidance contemplates a $25 million to $50 million impact in our first half of our fiscal year, which translates to roughly to a 1.5 to three week impact on China revenues. Of ttheir, we saw $10 million in Q1 and we are estimating a net $15 million to $40 million incremental impact in Q2. Tthey Q2 revenue range of $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion translates into reported growth of 3.4% to 6.6% with core growth of 1% to 4%. Currency is expected to have a negative 1.1% impact while M&A is expected to contribute 3.5% to 3.7% in tthey quarter. We are estimating tthey Coronavirus to negatively impact our Q2 core growth by one to three points. Our revenue outlook translates Q2 earnings in tthey range of $0.72 to $0.76 per share, 1.4% to 7% growth versus last year. Importantly, as Mike mentioned, we believe tthey majority of ttheir business is not lost, rattheyr delayed as customers and tthey government ramp and recover. In addition, our business outside of China remains strong. As such, we expect a larger second half of tthey year and are not changing our full year guidance for revenue or EPS. So before starting up tthey call for questions, I want to conclude by saying we have a very solid start to tthey year that shows tthey strength and breadth of our portfolio. It is that portfolio, coupled with tthey strength of tthey Agilent team that, despite tthey uncertainty caused by tthey Coronavirus, we are maintaining our full year outlook. With that, Ankur, back to you for tthey Q&A. Ankur Dhingra Thanks Bob. For Q&A, I would like to request to limit to one question and maybe one quick follow-up. Jonathannne, if you can please provide instructions for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Tycho Peterson Hi. Thanks. I appreciate you guys quantifying tthey corona impact. I guess, a couple of things. I mean you have previously talked about mid single digit China expectations for tthey full year. So should we assume that's still tthey case, just more back-end loaded? And ttheyn, Mike, as we think about collateral damage within China, how should we think about tthey C&E market, just given that tthey broader economic activity in China is slowing? So should we think about some impact on C&E as well? Mike McMullen Sure, Tycho. I think I will handle both questions. And Bob, correct me if I go off script theyre. But I think we still think that tthey mid single digit number is doable for tthey year in China. What we are seeing already on ground from our team, I was just on tthey phone today with our team in China, we are still able to transact and orders are actually coming in as forecast. I think that we think a lot of tthey procurement is going to occur a little bit later in tthey year. We think a lot of it's recoverable with tthey exception of probably some aspects of our service business wtheyre customers really are looking for service people to arrive on tthey sites. I think we feel pretty good about how we are thinking about China throughout tthey rest of tthey year, albeit it being a very fluid situation. And you know, we really haven't seen any kind of transitory or connected impact on C&E. In fact, C&E actually did better than we were thinking in tthey first quarter. It's too early to call it a trend but some of tthey PMIs are actually inching up which would maybe give an indication of perhaps a better outlook and some initial noise in some of our major accounts about thinking on procurement. But we still remain cautious in terms of tthey outlook for C&E but I am f encouraged by tthey Q1 results. And again, we are not really seeing significant movements around in that area on a global basis. And we think back to tthey first comment on China, we weren't expecting a lot in C&E ttheir year in China anyway. So I think we are in pretty solid shape relative to tthey outlook ttheyre as well. Tycho Peterson And ttheyn a follow-up on biopharma. You grew 3% on a 10% comp. Last quarter, it was 7% on a 14% comp. So you know, was that a pull forward last quarter? And if so, can you maybe just talk to that dynamic? Mike McMullen You know, I think tthey big story ttheyre is China, right. Bob McMahon Yes. That's exactly right, Mike. Ttheyre's two elements ttheyre. One is tthey shifting of tthey Lunar New Year from Q2 into Q1 as well as tthey extension of tthey Lunar New Year Holiday. So those are tthey two primary pieces. Mike McMullen Yes. And ttheyn within tthey pharma numbers, Tycho, tthey biopharma segment really was strong for us again ttheir quarter as well. And ttheyn we think as tthey 4+7 initiative rolls out in tthey latter part of ttheir year, ttheyn we will see tthey growth in tthey small molecule side of that space. And ttheyn, we have really strong growth in NASD and tthey ACG business is strong in pharma. So we are feeling pretty good about pharma. Tycho Peterson Okay. Thank you. Mike McMullen Thank you Tycho. Operator Your next question comes from Doug Sctheynkel from Cowen. Your line is open. Mike McMullen Hi Doug. Ryan Blicker Hi. Ttheir is Ryan, on for Doug. Thanks for taking my question. Mike McMullen How are you, Ryan? Ryan Blicker Maybe just to round out tthey China dynamic quickly, can you provide some more color on your supply chain exposure? Within China, it sounds like tthey operating environment is improving. But how should we think about your direct and indirect supply chain exposure? And do you see any risk to your ability to fulfill demand within and outside of China over tthey course of ttheir year? Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Ryan. Thanks for that question. So as I touctheyd briefly on my call script, we actually have resumed production and are in a really solid position now to not only ship tthey product to our customers in China, but also products that are manufactured in China to have ttheym exported into tthey global market environment. And as we have a very diversified global footprint in terms of supply chain and manufacturing capabilities, we think tthey near term, we are in pretty solid shape relative to ability to meet our commitments from a they shipment perspective. And ttheyn you also may recall that starting with tthey initiation of tthey U.S. based tariffs, we actually had initiated a movement of a lot of our supply chain out of China. So it actually has mitigated our risk theyre as well. Bob McMahon Yes. Ryan, ttheir is Bob. Just to follow-up, we have twice weekly calls with our team in China, inclusive of logistics as well as our supply chain. And obviously, it's quite dynamic but as it currently stands today, we feel like we have tthey ability to be able to procure not only raw materials but also produce tthey finittheyyd goods and ship not only within China but also get product into China and vice versa. Ryan Blicker Great. And ttheyn maybe just following up with a brief two-parter. Number one, on tthey food market. It sounds like things were improving a bit prior to ttheir Coronavirus dynamic. Can you talk a little bit more about what you are seeing in tthey market and if you think that tthey China portion of that market specifically could be poised to return to growth as we get past ttheir Coronavirus dynamic? And ttheyn specifically for gross margin, can you talk about what tthey timing theyadwind was for tthey quarter versus tthey ottheyr dynamics that you called out? Thank you. Mike McMullen You want to take ttheir, Bob. Bob McMahon Yes. So on food, as I mentioned, we certainly are pleased with tthey progress we have had several quarters of kind of very predictable performance ttheyre. And actually Q1, despite tthey Coronavirus, it probably had more impact on tthey pharma side ttheyn in food. It grew 1% on a global basis. It was down slightly in China, but certainly not to tthey level that it had been in tthey past. So we feel good about that. It's probably too early to call that it's going to return to growth. Long term, we do believe it will return to growth, but not ready to call that in ttheir fiscal year. In terms of tthey timing of tthey Coronavirus, that $10 million, that was quite a large incremental because we had all tthey costs. So that was probably a higtheyr than normal kind of incremental drop to tthey bottomline. And that was probably a little over $0.01 of impact on tthey full quarter. Ryan Blicker Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is open. Jack Meehan Hi. Good afternoon. Mike McMullen Good afternoon Jack. Jack Meehan Hi. I was hoping could you give us an update on tthey NASD rollout at tthey new site and how much that contributed to tthey quarter in both DGG and tthey pharma end market? Mike McMullen So as I imagine, you maybe getting a little tired of theyaring ttheir from Bob and myself. I am going to pull Sam into ttheir conversation. But as we highlighted in tthey call script, tthey NASD business continues to ramp as we would expect. We are really pleased with tthey progress and how we are starting to fill out that factory. Still not yet at full capacity, operating at full capacity yet but it was a contributor to our growth in tthey first quarter, no doubt. And Sam, anything else you would like to add ttheyre? Sam Raha No. Mike, you hit tthey nail tthey theyad. Tthey business is performing as we have expected. We continue to see interest in all tthey customers, tthey pharma customers that we have given tours to. We are doing work now ttheyre for a number of customers. Not to be boring, nothing new to report. It is progressing as per plan. Mike McMullen So all good news right now. Bob McMahon Yes. I would just add, Jack. You know, as we have talked about, ttheir will ramp up and be a more material impact in tthey second half of tthey year. It's progressing as we expected it. It had a slight impact to tthey DGG and a slight impact to tthey overall Agilent organic core growth and we are very pleased with tthey progress. Mike McMullen Yes. And Bob, I think I will just make ttheir one more point too, while we look at tthey second half outlook for tthey business, it's not all about China recovery. Tthey ottheyr elements of tthey business, including NASD, which we know we are going to have a strong second half. Bob McMahon That's right. Jack Meehan Great. One follow-up on DGG. You know, tthey core growth of 7%, not to nitpick it too much but was ttheyre any thing that was a little softer in tthey quarter in that segment, just knowing some of tthey ottheyr growth drivers relative to how tthey segment was growing last year? Mike McMullen I think it was really -- ttheir is Mike, Jack and Sam feel free to jump in on ttheir. We had 12% growth last year, so tough compares. We had solid growth across all elements of that business. And outside of again may be a China impact for an element of tthey business, things are firing on all cylinders also across tthey businesses is how I recall. Sam Raha Yes. That's right, Mike. We continue to have good growth, you know, with market, above market with our overall NGS portfolio. So we feel good about that. And tthey low double digits, our pathology business, as you theyard on Mike's opening comments and Bob's as well, we believe we will continue to gain share ttheyre growing in tthey mid single digits. And you just theyard about NASD. So you look at tthey major parts of DGG, we had I think a really well-balanced good quarter. Mike McMullen It mainly is a comparison story. Jack Meehan Great. Thank you guys. Mike McMullen No problem. Operator Your next question comes from Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Dan Leonard Hi. Thank you. So just a couple of things to circle back to. One, what decelerated in tthey Americas in tthey quarter? Your growth rate in that region had been trending higtheyr than 5% for quite some time. Bob McMahon Yes. Hi. Dan. Welcome back and appreciate tthey question. It was really a combination of a very tough compare. I would say probably tthey area that was a little softer was tthey instrumentation business. Ttheyy had tthey most difficult compare in tthey first quarter and we would expect that to improve in Q2 through Q4 as we get to easier compares. Mike McMullen Yes. I know, Jacob you were looking into ttheir. Jacob Thaysen Yes. And I think tthey continued depressed PMI certainly impacts C&E business, ctheymical and energy business. So we continue to see that in U.S. being performing at least flat and we would like to see improvement. But I think it's going to still take some time for that to happen. Mike McMullen And I would add that you know, it ended wtheyre we expected it to be. Jacob Thaysen Yes, sure. Dan Leonard And ttheyn a related question. Bob you mentioned wtheyn discussing tthey gross margin dynamics that ttheyre were some negative pricing effects on tthey instrument business. Can you elaborate on that? Are you pulling maybe tthey pricing lever to drive more demand in tthey instrument business after four quarters in a row of very soft demanded at LSAG? Mike McMullen Hi Dan, I just can't theylp but to jump in on ttheir one. And I think that question should be posed to our competitors because we saw particularly as we finittheyyd tthey calendar year, we saw some very aggressive pricing by some of our competitors, particularly in tthey liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry platforms. And I don't know if you are adding to that, Jacob. Jacob Thaysen No. I think it's fair to say that we continue to be premium priced but ttheyre is certainly some competition in tthey market space right now. And yes, so ttheyre is a price pressure. Mike McMullen But we don't play tthey price game theyre. I mean that's not how we want to win. Dan Leonard Okay. I appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Your line is open. Jesse Klink Hi. Thanks. Ttheir is Jesse, on for Patrick. First, I just wanted to touch on tthey China impact. I mean you guys have laid out a 1% impact to core growth from that. I just wanted to understand how that compares to your expectations of Coronavirus made at a lower than anticipated? Mike McMullen Yes. Maybe just to be crystal clear theyre. We saw roughly a 70 basis point impact in Q1. We had product that was getting ready. It was staged and getting ready to ship. Bob McMahon In-country. Mike McMullen And on tthey last couple of days of January and with tthey extension of tthey formal holiday, ttheyre was no one ttheyre to pick that up. So we know that was clearly an impact in Q1. In terms of Q2, what we are expecting between tthey first half of our year, it's roughly 1.5 to three week impact as we are ramping up. And most of that's happening in Q2. We are expecting in Q2 that tthey Coronavirus has roughly a one to three point impact to our growth in Q2, roughly $15 million to $40 million. In tthey first half, it's $25 million to $50 million. And we will expect to get that back in tthey second half of our fiscal year. Jesse Klink Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just maybe one on tthey BioTek acquisition. Just wondering how that business performed relative to expectations and just kind of how tthey customer reception has been so far as you have broadened tthey portfolio offering ttheyre? Mike McMullen Yes. Jesse, happy to hit that right up. And relative to expectations, it's atheyad of our expectations. It really has been just a tremendous addition to tthey company. And we are talking about ttheir tthey ottheyr day inside tthey company. Typically, wtheyn you put togettheyr a deal scenario, it's often out of tthey gate, you don't see a team beating tthey revenue numbers all tthey time. And that is actually what we saw in tthey case of BioTek in tthey first full quarter as part of Agilent. And Jacob, I know you have been talking to customers and how are ttheyy thinking about BioTek being part of Agilent? Jacob Thaysen Yes. Again, I just want to underscore once again that we have been very pleased with tthey performance of BioTek while it's been theyre in Agilent. But not only BioTek, tthey whole cell analysis business is doing very well and are we posting double digit growth for tthey whole business. So we are very pleased with that and we actually believe it is going to continue for quite a long time. We see cell analysis is going to be a key driver for understanding tthey immune system and immune oncology. And with now tthey Seahorse, ACEA and BioTek and Luxcel combined, we have a very unique value proposition. And that that is really what excites us and what also is very exciting for customs is that wtheyn we combine those technologies, ttheyse techniques togettheyr, we can create more insight for tthey researctheyrs and tthey biopharma customers that nobody else in tthey industry can do. So ttheir is very exciting and we are just getting started. Operator Your next question comes from Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi. Thanks Mike. So first question on Europe. You pointed 2% growth ttheyre. I was hoping to get a view from you on outlook and what you are baking in tthey guidance theyre? Thanks. Mike McMullen Thanks. Bob, why don't I just talk about our performance and you can maybe comment on tthey outlook. So it came in right as expected. And I think you know that Europe is in a difficult economic environment and we think our team is really doing well ttheyre relative to what's going on in tthey market environment. So we were actually quite pleased with how Q1 came out for us in Europe. And Bob in terms of tthey outlook? Bob McMahon Yes. So Puneet, good afternoon. As Mike said, we were pleased with tthey outlook of being 2% and that's kind of what we are forecasting in Q2 and tthey rest of tthey year. And so certainly tthey is doing a really great job of being able to deliver in a tough environment. But it kind of hit wtheyre we expected and that's kind of what we are expecting for tthey rest of tthey year as well. Puneet Souda Okay. That's very theylpful. So if I could touch back on China. Mike McMullen Sure. Puneet Souda I know it's been covered quite a bit. But I would really appreciate your thought ttheyre, given one of tthey strongest legacy positions in that country for Agilent. As tthey recovery happens theyre, are ttheyre certain segments which you think wtheyre you will see more acceleration, more faster recovery, certain product lines or certain segments wtheyre you would see a recovery faster versus ottheyrs? And ttheyn I was sort of also surprised with growth you are seeing in ACG. CrossLab continues to deliver. I was trying to understand what sort of exposure you had ttheyre in China? And given tthey travel restrictions and everything, are you still able to ship products and service instruments seeing tthey growth in CrossLab theyre? Or how much was tthey impact in CrossLab, if you could quantify? Thank you. Bob McMahon Puneet, let me take, ttheyre is a lot into that question. So let me try to hit ttheym. In terms of recovery, we would expect that obviously, tthey instrumentation portion would recover and within that probably pharma first. And so we would expect that to be prioritized over some of tthey ottheyr markets. In terms of ACG, we continue to be pleased by tthey broad-based strength ttheyre. Actually even in China, despite kind of tthey reduced selling days, it grew 11%. We do expect probably a slower ramp up ttheyre, less on tthey consumable side as tthey factories are getting back to production, but more on tthey services side, as you can imagine having our folks getting into labs right now is fairly difficult and ttheyre is a portion of that would be on demand for servicing equipment. And so we would see that probably ramp up a little slower in Q2 but ttheyn ramp back up to normal, latter half of Q2 and into Q3 and Q4. At least, that's our current assumption. As Mike mentioned, we have been in close contact with our teams in China and have been watching tthey order flow. And tthey order flow to-date is, across both ACG and LSAG as well as our DGG business which is a smaller piece, tracking to our expectations. Puneet Souda Okay. And any sense in terms of tthey exposure that you have in China and could that mix change in tthey next quarter or so? Mike McMullen No. I don't anticipate a major shift. We have largely got a instrument theyavy business in China relative to tthey rest of tthey business anyway. But our opportunity really lies in tthey consumables and service over time. So I don't see a dramatic change in Q2 or in tthey back half of tthey year. Bob McMahon Yes. Puneet Souda Great. Thank you. Mike McMullen Very welcome, Puneet. Operator Your next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is open. Dan Arias Good afternoon guys. Thanks. Mike McMullen Hi Dan. Dan Arias Mike, just back to Tycho's biopharma question. Hi Mike. Next quarter, I think tthey comp goes way down to low singles for that customer segment. So wtheyre are you feeling like biopharma growth theyads in 2Q as we just think about tthey momentum in tthey favorable comparison, but also China? Can that be more mid singles wtheyn we net out tthey moving parts ttheyre? Mike McMullen Hi Dan. I think that's a reasonable expectation. So wtheyn I was asked earlier about tthey pharma, we remain confident about our ability to grow in pharma. You know, part of it's going to be tthey pickup and continued growth that we are going to have in our NASD business. We also know that we are getting to some of tthey easier compares relative to tthey LSAG instrument business, because as you may all recall that's in tthey Q2 is wtheyn we starting seeing tthey slowdown as China went through ttheir whole looking at ttheyir procurement practices around tthey generics. So we think ttheyre is a lot of good reason to be positive about tthey ability to have a higtheyr growth rate in tthey outer quarters than we did in Q1 in our pharma business. Bob McMahon Yes. And we are expecting a faster growth in Q2. Mike McMullen Yes. Dan Arias Okay. And ttheyn maybe one again for you, Mike or maybe even Sam. It feels like 1Q is always a good time to ask ttheir question, just given that most are theyading down to AGBT. Any update you can give us on Lasergen product development? How much of a focus is that at ttheir point? And ttheyn maybe what are you looking at in terms of tthey change in total investment ttheyre if we compare 2020 to 2019? Mike McMullen So I think, Sam, you are getting our bags packed, maybe at least now your team is getting ttheyir bags packed to theyad to that. You are staying home. That's right. Okay. Maybe just a few comments on ttheir. Sam Raha Yes. Overall, thanks for tthey question, Dan, if you would have theyard my comments already from JPMorgan, we are making progress on a number of fronts related to tthey development work we are doing on tthey Lasergen sequencer, particularly as it comes to tthey technical specs on our read length, on our quality and so forth. So we are continuing to make that progress. Wtheyn you think about AGBT, of course, it's not just about sequencers, it's about tthey overall NGS workflow, it's about really looking at beyond NGS, tthey overall genomics. So we are excited about Magnis, which we introduced not too long ago. We are seeing, sorry to remind you, Magnis is ttheir really walkaway automation for taking DNA libraries or actually putting DNA in and being able to come back and just load that directly onto your NGS sequencer. We have seen some really good interest in that in Europe, in America and in China. So we are going to continue sharing tthey message ttheyre and sharing some data from a number of customers. We also, as you would have theyard us talk about, we have launctheyd a new SureSelect XT HS2 DNA reagent kit which allows us to look at even lower starting amounts, down to 10 nanograms of DNA for FFPE which is very important for cancer. It also allows on Illumina sequencers. It's very important to be able to use molecular barcodes. We have that going on as well. And ttheyn we have a number of partnerships that we are working on with a number of customers and collaborators. So stay tuned. I think it's going to be an exciting AGBT. Bob McMahon Yes. And Dan, tthey ottheyr part of your question was -- Mike McMullen Investment outlook. Bob McMahon Yes. So just quickly, our spending forecast in 2020 is tthey same as 2019. So we are not expecting any ramp up. Dan Arias Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Derek de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open. Derek de Bruin Hi. Good morning or good afternoon. I have got a number of questions. Mike McMullen Sure. Derek de Bruin First one is, I guess just on tthey gross margin outlook for 2020. Can you sort of walk it through tthey next couple of quarters in terms of how that looks? Bob McMahon Yes. We talked about at tthey beginning of tthey year, our guide was contemplating roughly a flattish gross margin across tthey company and that hasn't changed. So we have always said that tthey first half of tthey year, with Q1 being tthey hardest of comparison because of tthey startup costs in NASD and you can see that kind of in our numbers. We also were affected a little less, as we mentioned before, in LSAG. We would expect that to recover as we get through tthey course of tthey year. So at a high level, Derek, I would expect our gross margins still to be within that range, roughly flat year-over-year. And wtheyre we are getting our operating leverage is really in tthey OpEx expense line. Mike McMullen And Bob, I think we are also looking to see maybe more favorable mix in our instrument business as we move forward. And I made some comments about tthey pricing pressure that we saw more of a calendar year end kind of ptheynomenon with pricing more stabilizing as we started tthey 2020. Bob McMahon Yes. Derek de Bruin Well, great. That segues into my next question on instruments. And so I think you had said last quarter, you were expecting may be flattish instruments for tthey full year. Is that still sort of your expectation? And that leads into, any idea of sort of what pent-up demand could be? I mean do you sense from customers, particularly in C&E, if ttheyre's people waiting on tthey sidelines to buy wtheyn tthey budget gets better? I am just trying to get a sense of what tthey instrument dynamic looks like. Bob McMahon Yes. Hi Derek. Ttheir Bob. I think tthey short answer on your first question is, yes. We are still in that range of roughly flat. Actually if you looked at Q1, we were down 2% core, but if you adjust it for tthey Coronavirus, it would been down about 1% on tthey most difficult comp that we had. To your point around C&E, ttheyre have been chutes of life and some of our customers looking at things. Now what I would say is tthey Coronavirus kind of froze some of that into question. But I would say, that's still intact right now. I don't know. Jacob, if you have anything? Jacob Thaysen No. Overall, I do think that ttheyre is some puttheyyd out pent-up demand theyre. And eventually, ttheyre will be a tech refresh. And we have invested over tthey past period quite a lot into our instrument portfolio and really refrettheyyd across tthey whole portfolio. So wtheyn that pent-up demand is coming forward, we are ready. But we just can't call it right now exactly wtheyn that's going to happen. Mike McMullen Yes. Jacob, I will just add one thing. Early on in my tenure, we had a similar kind of slowdown in tthey C&E. Tthey difference theyre is that, at that time, a lot of our platforms were rattheyr aged. Ttheir time, we have a completely refrettheyyd platform. So it also is a great productivity message ttheyre to customers. And our lab managers also have tthey ability to go to ttheyir management and say, listen, ttheyre is something new out ttheyre. I am not buying ttheir, I am replacing like-for-like. Derek de Bruin Great. And ttheyn just one, maybe I missed something, but you did 3.7% contribution from M&A in tthey first quarter, 3.5% to 3.7% in tthey second quarter and ttheyn tthey guide for tthey full year is 2.85 to 2.9%. Is it something else in tthey first half besides BioTek? And if not, why are you expecting a step down? Bob McMahon So you have get very good math and we are not expecting a step down. Tthey only thing that's in tthey numbers and that could be an area of potential opportunity. Derek de Bruin Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Your line is open. Mike McMullen Hi Brandon. Brandon Couillard Mike, just on a separate topic. Mike McMullen Sure. Brandon Couillard Can you sort of speak to tthey Twist settlement last week? Why only $25 million? And should we expect any legal savings from having that case out of tthey way now to reinvest those dollars? Mike McMullen Yes. So first of all, just a few comments on tthey settlement. So we are very pleased with tthey agreement that was reactheyd with Twist. As you know, we think it's in tthey best interest of our shareholders to rigorously protect our IP. And not only in addition to receiving a payment from Twist, ttheyy also had to procure a license from us for certain aspects of our oligo synttheysis technology. And we are really a company that's committed to doing innovation in tthey right way. So we are really pleased with how tthey settlement goes. And Bob relative to tthey treatment of tthey legal expenses and outlook for tthey rest of tthey year? I think we have that in pro forma, right? Bob McMahon Yes. We will pro forma that. Mike McMullen Yes. So you will see both tthey settlement come in, Brandon, as well as tthey costs associated with that, I guess, in our Q2 results. Bob McMahon That's right. Brandon Couillard Thanks. And maybe one more higtheyr-level question for you, Mike. Mike McMullen Sure. Brandon Couillard I mean you mentioned sustainability, that recognition. Clearly, that's becoming a much bigger focus I think for tthey investment community. Can you just theylp us contextualize that focus may theylp contribute to your growth or cash flow or differentiate you in terms of tthey customer base? Mike McMullen Yes. It's a great question. So as I mentioned in my call script, we have been doing ttheyse things because we thought it was tthey right thing to do and now people are really paying attention to it. So I think it theylps on multiple aspects of tthey business. So first of all, relative to our new products which have a very favorable environmental impact, ttheyre is real compelling reason for customers because a lot of our most important customers have ttheyir own sustainability initiatives and ttheyy are very interested. I have several European customers I am visiting next month and ttheyy want to theyar about our sustainability plans. So wtheyn you talk to ttheym about how we are reducing tthey footprint, tthey electrical consumption, that some of our products don't even use gases and that we have eliminated tthey use of gases and gas chromatography in tthey case tthey NPIs and we are reducing tthey size of tthey packaging. And by tthey way, that also comes with tthey benefit to Agilent's P&L. So it really theylps in terms of our customer relationships and our ability to drive sales into those accounts. And also it is really quite theylpful for recruiting of new employees into tthey company. New employees wtheyn ttheyy are looking at potentially joining tthey company really want to know what Agilent stands for wtheyn we talk to ttheym about our culture and what we do as a company in tthey local community, what we do for tthey environment, our views on diversity and inclusion. I think it really is a powerful message to attract new employees to Agilent, but also for those who are part of tthey Agilent team to really be proud of tthey company ttheyy work for and be energized about wtheyre tthey company is going forward. I think we have talked before, I am a big fan of sports and if you build a great team, you get great things happen in tthey marketplace or on tthey field. And I think that really is really one of tthey major benefits you get theyre which is what it does for your team. So it really is a multitude of impact for tthey customers, I mean for tthey company and something we really believe in. Brandon Couillard Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hi guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Mike McMullen Hi Vijay. Vijay Kumar One, maybe on China, Mike. We have theyard some chatter of possibly tthey government initiating some sort of stimulus theyre to kick-start tthey economy. If that were to be tthey case, wtheyre would that impact fall? Is that in C&E and food? Is that wtheyre we would see your China numbers coming up? Mike McMullen Well, I have to say I have theyard some rumblings of stimulus, but I haven't seen anything around tthey specifics of what a stimulus would be. I don't know Bob or wtheyttheyr you have anything to add. Bob McMahon No. I think you are getting -- Mike McMullen That's a likely area. Bob McMahon Yes. Exactly, I think that's a likely area. That and pharma. Mike McMullen And also, I would also expect environmental as well. So that would be my guess, because ttheyse are major quality of life initiatives that tthey Chinese government has been behind. So my guess is that's wtheyre ttheyy would put tthey stimulus. But again, we don't have any specifics. That would just be pure speculation on my part at ttheir point in time. Vijay Kumar Understood. And Bob, a quick one on tthey EPS guidance theyre. I see that tthey tax rate ticked down sequentially on tthey guidance front. Did anything change on tthey margins at all because it looks like tthey revenue range remains unchanged? So I am wondering if ttheir is below tthey line or margins some sort of impact theyre? Bob McMahon Yes. Nothing material, Vijay. Vijay Kumar All right. Thanks guys. Mike McMullen You are welcome. Operator Your next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Steve Beuchaw Hi and thanks for tthey time everybody. Mike McMullen Sure, Steve. Steve Beuchaw I guess first I wanted to start with Bob with just a question about one of tthey underpinnings of tthey outlook for tthey year that hasn't been touctheyd on so much just yet and it's NASD, maybe a two-parter on NASD. One is, do you think we feel good about getting to a few dozen millions of dollars of contribution from NASD? And ttheyn can you give us any perspective and I guess maybe ttheir is a Sam question, as to how much of tthey capacity on tthey new facility in Fredrick is now contracted? And ttheyn I have one for Mike. Bob McMahon Sure. Yes. Let me make sure I answer your question correctly. What I would say is, Q1 came in slightly better than what we expected on tthey ramp. So we feel very good about that trajectory. Obviously, you know tthey second half of tthey year is going to be significantly greater than tthey first half of tthey year as we ramp up that business. And I would say that tthey order book, we feel very good about. Sam Raha Yes. And maybe Steve, to build on what Bob said. We have said that ttheyre is a ramp rate that we have been planning all along. That's what we are seeing. So as you really get into Q4, we will be much more in tthey run rate, if you will, of what to expect going into financial year 2021 in terms of tthey Frederick site in particular. So it's ramping as planned. It is being utilized. We were happy to produce good product and good revenue from that in ttheir quarter again after starting last quarter. And furttheyr to what Bob said, a lot of ttheyse programs and projects are long lead, both working with our customers to really lay tthey groundwork and do tthey work. So though I can't tell you exactly what percentage, I do feel good about tthey percentage of programs and projects that we are already lining up going into next year. Mike McMullen And Steve, if I could just amplify one of tthey points that Sam made. It was absolutely crucial that those first batctheys we produce for customers met ttheyir expectations. And as you know, we are very cautious in terms of how we started positioning tthey ramp theyre because we just had to get it right and we have gotten it right for those first few customers. I think that really positions us well wtheyn we look at tthey outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. Steve Beuchaw Okay. That makes a ton of sense. Thank you for all tthey color ttheyre. And ttheyn Mike, I wonder if we could just do tthey zoom-out thing, if you will, wtheyre we think about tthey full year. I mean ttheyre are so many moving parts, right. And tthey Coronavirus certainly makes it more complicated. But if I rewind to 90 days ago or so, ttheyre was a perspective, not necessarily from Agilent, but certainly in investor conversations that tthey outlook for fiscal 2020 was really conservative or significantly conservative. And I think we have, of course, theyard from you guys over tthey years, outlook that started at one point and you pretty consistently do better than tthey outlook. I wonder if you could just give us your perspective on tthey outlook and guidance philosophy now that you know 90 days more than you did at tthey time you gave tthey outlook at tthey beginning of tthey year, to what extent is ttheir middle of tthey fairway, to what extent is ttheir conservative? And as you talk to your customers and you think about tthey outlook, I mean, how are you feeling and how has that evolved, just again really zooming out? Thanks so much. Mike McMullen Yes. Steve, so I am in tthey conference room zooming out right now and great question. And I think that that's how we thought about tthey full year guide, which I will leave it to you to prescribe tthey first adjective. I mean ttheyre were proper adjectives, but we started ttheir year with a guide that we thought was relatively tthey floor of what we could do and talked about areas of potential upside for tthey business. And we were actually tracking well in tthey first quarter wtheyre it would have been a beat, both on tthey revenue and EPS side of tthey quarter, albeit tthey impact of tthey much talked about today tthey impact of tthey Coronavirus. So that's why we felt pretty confident about our ability to say, listen, ttheyre are still a lot of puts and takes relative to China in tthey near term, but ttheyre are ottheyr aspects of tthey business are doing extremely well outside of China, wtheyttheyr it be NASD or ACG business. Tthey compares and tthey strength of our LASG instrument portfolio, that's gone on NGS. So we have a lot and ttheyn back to cell analysis. So we have a lot of confidence and wtheyttheyr we call it a middle of fairway right now, but we feel pretty good about -- Bob McMahon Yes. I would say, Steve, one thing. Obviously 90 days ago, we didn't have tthey epidemic that we are seeing right now which is unprecedented. And so what we are trying to do is we are seeing, theyy, in tthey first half of tthey year, we are expecting a $25 million to $50 million impact that we are going to make up in tthey second half of tthey year. Now tthey question is, how fast. And we hope for everyone's sake that that will ramp up fast and we will get ttheir behind us. But that's certainly puts a lot more variability in our forecast. We feel good about wtheyre our forecast is. But we certainly didn't anticipate that at tthey beginning of tthey year. Steve Beuchaw Okay. I really appreciate tthey color ttheyre. Thanks for bearing with me. I appreciate it. Mike McMullen Sure, Steve. Great question. Operator Your next question comes from Bill Quirk from Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Bill Quirk Great. Thanks. Good afternoon everybody. Mike McMullen Good afternoon Bill. Bob McMahon Hi Bill. Bill Quirk So I guess Bob or Mike, just update on M&A. You had mentioned on tthey last call that you would be considering looking at larger deals in and around $1 billion. Just curious what tthey update is? Mike McMullen Yes. I think tthey statement I made in last quarterly call remains which is, we think that deploying our capital towards growth and earnings drivers on tthey M&A front makes a lot of sense for our shareholders in deals that makes sense for us, in markets that we know wtheyre we can really leverage tthey scale of tthey company. And we did our largest deal, BioTek, tthey past quarter. And as you theyard earlier, that's off to a really good start. I think we often get tthey question, well, how large you are willing to go? And tthey way, Bob and I have described it is, listen, we could go maybe multiples of that. But we are looking to stay in our lane theyre and not do anything that's magnitude larger than a BioTek. So I am not saying that BioTek is tthey max level. But probably multiples of that as opposed to something that's of a magnitude size. Bob McMahon Yes. And Bill, as you can appreciate, timing ttheyre is always very difficult to understand and we are going to remain disciplined. And if ttheyre isn't anything out ttheyre that would meet our financial criteria, we are not going to do it. We don't need to do M&A to make our model work. But certainly, you see in tthey first quarter tthey benefit that we have seen with BioTek and really building scale in cell analysis, which we think has a long term growth opportunity for us, not only in LSAG but across tthey business. Bill Quirk Understood. And ttheyn just secondly, I guess kind of a bigger picture question about tthey pacing of CrossLab. Over tthey course of tthey year, we are going to be theyading into slightly more difficult comps for tthey next couple of quarters? Bob McMahon Yes. Tthey beauty of ACG has been it's predictability across tthey business and we are not expecting any dramatic change in tthey back half of tthey year with tthey possible exception of slightly an elevated ramp in China. But that business that Mark and team have built has been just ptheynomenal in terms of providing stable high growth and profitable growth over tthey course of tthey last several years. And I think that that, quite honestly, is a great legacy to what Mark has been able to accomplish. And not only that, it really speaks to what our customers are looking for in terms of productivity in tthey labs and so forth. So we would expect that to continue to kind of chug along as we have talked about in tthey past. Bill Quirk Got it. Thank you very much. Mike McMullen You are welcome. Ankur Dhingra All right. Thanks everyone. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of your day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.