Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 22, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - Vice President of Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob McMahon - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jacob Thaysen - President, Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group Sam Raha - President, Diagnostics and Genomics Group Padraig McDonnell - President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group Ruben DiRado - Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Dan Leonard - Wells Fargo Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Patrick Donnelly - Citi Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Paul Knight - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Brennan - Cowen and Company Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Juan Schulte - Baird Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bethany, and I will be tthey operator for today’s call. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions and answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to introduce you to tthey host for today's call, Parmeet Ahuja, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja  Thank you, Bethany, and welcome everyone to Agilent's Fourth Quarter Conference Call for Fiscal Year 2021. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's president and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO.  Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob’s comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of Agilent's Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release, investor presentation, and information to supplement today's discussion, along with tthey recording of ttheir webcast are made available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com.  Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth, excludes tthey impact of currency and tthey acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Guidance is based on exchange rates as of October 31. We will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey Company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey Company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey Company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors.  And now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet, and thanks everyone for joining our call today. Tthey Agilent team delivered anottheyr excellent quarter to close out an outstanding, record-setting 2021. At $6.32 billion for fiscal 2021, revenues are almost $1 billion higtheyr than last year. Full year, core growth is up 15% on top of growing 1% last year. Tthey strength is broad-based with our three business units all growing more than 10% core for tthey year. Our full year operating margins are up 200 basis points. Earnings per share of $4.34 are up 32%. Let’s now take a closer look at our strong finish to 2021 and review Q4 results. Our momentum continues as orders increased faster than revenue in Q4 and at tthey same time, we delivered our fourth straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth.  At $1.66 billion, revenues are up 12% on a reported basis. Our core revenues grew 11%, exceeding our expectations. Ttheir is on top of 6% core growth last year. Our Q4 operating margin is 26.5%. Ttheir is up 160 basis points from last year. EPS is $1.21, up 23% year-over-year. Our earnings growth also exceeded our expectations. We continue to perform extremely well in pharma, our largest market growing 21%, driven by our biopharma business. Total pharma now represents 36% of our overall revenue. Ttheir compares to 31% of our revenues just two years ago. Tthey strong growth in our ctheymical and energy business continues, as we delivered 11% growth in tthey quarter. Ttheir is on top of growing 3% in Q4 of last year. PMI numbers are positive and we expect that ctheymical and energy will continue its strong growth trajectory into fiscal 2022. In diagnostics and clinical, revenues grew 11% on top of growing 1% last year, as testing volumes started to recover.  On a geographic basis, our results were led by a strong performance in tthey Americas and China. Our business in tthey Americas grew 15% on top of 5% last year. China grew 8% core on top of strong 13% growth in Q4 of last year. China order growth outpaced revenue growth for tthey third quarter in a row. Now, looking at our performance by business unit, tthey Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group generated revenue of $747 million. LSAG is up 11% on both a reported and a core basis. LSAG’s growth was broad-based and led by strength in liquid chromatography and cell analysis. Tthey pharma and ctheymical and energy markets were particularly strong for new instrument purchases. Our cell analysis business crossed tthey $100 million revenue mark in tthey quarter for tthey first time. During tthey quarter, tthey LSAG team announced a new Ion Mobility LC/Q-TOF and enhancements to our VWorks automation software suite. Ttheyse new, well-received offerings are used to improve tthey analysis of proteins and peptides to speed development of new protein-based ttheyrapeutics. Tthey Agilent CrossLab Group posted revenue of $572 million. Ttheir is up a reported 10% and 9% core. Growth is broad-based driven by strength in service contracts and on-demand services, as well as for ctheymistries and supplies. Our focus on increasing connect rates continues to pay off for us.  Tthey strong expansion of our installed base in 2021 and increasing connect rates bodes well for continued strength in our ACG business moving forward. Our ability to drive growth and leverage our scale produced operating margins of roughly 30%, up more than 200 basis points from tthey prior year. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenue of $341 million, up 16% reported and up 13% core. Our NASD oligo business led tthey way with robust double-digit growth in tthey quarter and achieved full-year revenues exceeding $225 million. We expect anottheyr year of strong double-digit growth as tthey team continues to do a great job of increasing throughput with tthey existing capacity. Tthey additional expansion of our “Train B” oligo manufacturing facility in Frederick, Colorado is proceeding as planned. We expect ttheir additional capacity to come online by tthey end of calendar year2022. Moving on from our ottheyr business group updates, ttheyre were several ottheyr significant developments for Agilent ttheir quarter. We announced our commitment to achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We believe our approach delivers tthey same rigor to sustainability that we apply to everything else we do. We also believe ttheyse actions are not only tthey right thing to do, but fundamental to achieving long-term success. Our sustainability leadership continues to be prominently recognized, as well. You may have seen that Investors’ Business Daily recently named Agilent to its Top 100 ESG Companies list. We are also a company wtheyre diversity and inclusion represent a company priority and is a core element of our culture. During tthey quarter, we achieved recognition by Forbes as one of tthey World’s Best Employers, and as a Best Workplace for Women. While tthey Agilent team has a strong track record of delivering above market growth and leading customer satisfaction, we are always looking to do more. To furttheyr accelerate growth and strengttheyn our focus on customers, we are implementing a new One Agilent Commercial organization, combining, for tthey first-time, all customer-facing activities under one leader. Tthey new organization brings togettheyr and strengttheyns our sales, marketing, digital channel, and services team. Tthey new enterprise-level commercial organization is led by Padraig McDonnell. Padraig will continue to lead tthey Agilent CrossLab Group as Business Group President, as well as serve as Agilent’s first-ever Chief Commercial Officer. Tthey way I like to characterize ttheir move is to say we are “doubling-down” on tthey success we’ve achieved with ACG applying a holistic, customer-focused approach to all aspects of our business.  We are also moving tthey Ctheymistries and Supplies Division to LSAG. Ttheir closer organizational alignment between instrument and ctheymistries development will furttheyr accelerate our progress on instrument connect rates for ctheymistries and consumables. We believe that “structure follows strategy” and that ttheir new organizational structure will furttheyr enhance our customer focus and tthey execution of our growth strategies. Looking atheyad to tthey coming year, we are in a strong position to continue to deliver on our “build and buy” growth strategy. Agilent’s business remains strong. We enter tthey New Year with a robust backlog and have multiple growth drivers, coupled with tthey proven execution excellence of tthey Agilent team. A year ago, during our Agilent Investor Day, we raised our long-term annual growth outlook to tthey 5% to 7% range, while reaffirming our commitment to annual operating margin improvement and double-digit EPS growth. We are now one year in and well on our way to achieving ttheyse long-term goals. Bob will provide more details, but for fiscal 2022 our initial full-year guide calls for core growth in a range of 5.5% to 7%. We expect to continue our top-line growth as we launch market-leading products and services, invest in fast-growing businesses, and deliver outstanding customer service.  My confidence in tthey unstoppable One Agilent team and our ability to execute and deliver remains firmly intact. Ttheir is our formula for delivering solid financial results, outstanding shareholder returns and continued strong growth. We are very pleased with our performance in 2021, but not satisfied. As I tell tthey Agilent team: Tthey best is yet to come, for our customers, our team, and our shareholders.  Thank you for being on tthey call today and I look forward to your questions. I will now hand tthey call off to Bob. Bob? Bob McMahon Thanks Mike, and good afternoon everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide some additional details on revenue and take you through tthey income statement and some ottheyr key financial metrics. I’ll ttheyn finish up with our initial outlook for tthey upcoming year and for tthey first quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. As Mike mentioned, we had very strong results in tthey fourth quarter. Revenue was $1.66 billion, reflecting reported growth of 12%. Before I get into tthey details, I want to acknowledge our supply chain team, which has been doing a great job managing in a very challenging global environment. Core revenue growth at 11% was a point above our top end guidance range. Currency accounted for 0.8% of growth, while M&A contributed 0.5% of growth during Q4. And as expected, COVID-19 related revenues were roughly flat sequentially and resulted in just over a point theyadwind to tthey quarterly core growth. Late in tthey quarter, we did see transit times that were in certain cases greater than anticipated resulting in some revenues being deferred into Q1. Our results were driven by a continuation of outstanding momentum in pharma, and in biopharma in particular, while ctheymical and energy and diagnostics and clinical also delivered strong results for us. Our largest market, pharma grew 21% during tthey quarter against a tough compare of 12% last year. Tthey small molecule segment delivered mid-teens growth, while large molecule grew 31%. Pharma was a standout all year, growing 24% for tthey full year after growing 6% in 2020. And in FY22, we expect our pharma business to grow in tthey high-single digits.  Ctheymical and energy continued to show strength, growing 11% with instrument growth in tthey mid-teens during tthey quarter. Ttheir impressive performance was against a 3% increase last year. Tthey C&E business grew 12% for tthey year, after declining 3% in 2020. Growth was driven by continued momentum in ctheymicals and engineered materials and we expect our C&E business to continue to grow solidly next year in tthey high-single-digits. Diagnostics and clinical grew 11% with all three groups growing nicely during tthey quarter. While tthey largest dollar contributor to ttheir market is DGG driven by our pathology-related businesses, tthey LSAG business continues to penetrate tthey clinical market and drive growth with strong performances by cell analysis and mass spec.  We saw mid-teens growth in tthey Americas and strong growth in China, albeit off a small base. For tthey year, tthey diagnostics and clinical business grew 15% for tthey year after declining slightly by 1% in 2020. And we expect to continue to grow in tthey mid- to high-single-digits in 2022. Academia and government, which can be lumpy and represents less than 10% of our business was up 1% in Q4 versus a flat growth last year. Most research labs continue to remain open globally and increase capacity to pre-pandemic levels.  China came in at low-single-digits, while tthey Americas and Europe were roughly flat. For tthey year, we grew 7% after declining 4% last year. We expect ttheir market will continue to improve slightly in fiscal year 2022 and expect growth of low to mid-single-digits. Food was flat during tthey quarter against a very tough 16% compare. Europe and tthey Americas grew while China declined. For tthey year, food grew 13% after growing 7% in 2020. Looking forward, we expect food to return to theirtorical growth rates in tthey low-single-digits.  And rounding out tthey markets, environmental and forensics declined 2% in tthey fourth quarter, off a 5% decline last year, as growth in environmental was overshadowed by a decline in forensics. For tthey year, we grew 5% off a 2% decline in 2020.  And looking forward, like food, we expect environmental and forensics to grow in tthey low-single-digits in tthey coming year. For Agilent overall, on a geographic basis, all regions again grew in Q4 led by tthey Americas at 15%. China grew 8%, and Europe grew 4%. And for tthey year, Americas led tthey way with 21% growth, followed by China at 13% and Europe at 12%. Now let’s turn to tthey rest of tthey P&L, fourth quarter gross margin was 55.9%, up 90 basis points from a year ago. Gross margin performance, along with continued operating expense leverage, resulted in an operating margin for tthey fourth quarter of 26.5%, improving 160 basis points over last year. Putting it all togettheyr, we delivered EPS of $1.21, up 23% versus last year. And during tthey quarter, we benefitted from some additional tax savings resulting in a quarterly tax rate of 13% and our full-year tax rate was 14.25%. Our share count was 305 million shares, as expected. And for tthey year, EPS came in at $4.34, an increase of 32% from 2020. We continued our strong cash flow generation, resulting in $441 million for tthey quarter, an increase of 17% versus last year. For all of 2021, we generated almost $1.5 billion in operating cash and invested $188 million in capital expenditures. During tthey quarter, we returned $195 million to our shareholders paying out $59 million in dividends and repurchasing roughly 830,000 shares for $136 million. And for tthey year, we returned over a $1 billion to shareholders in tthey forms of dividends and share repurchases. And we ended tthey year with $1.5 billion in cash and $2.7 billion in outstanding debt and a net leverage ratio of 0.7. All in all, a great end to an outstanding year. Now let’s move on to our outlook for tthey fiscal 2022. While we are still dealing with tthey pandemic and we have tthey additional challenges around logistics and inflationary pressures, we enter tthey year with strong backlog and momentum. For tthey full year, we are expecting revenue to range between $6.65 billion and $6.73 billion, representing reported growth of 5% to 6.5% and core growth of 5.5% to 7% consistent with our long range goals. And ttheir incorporates absorbing roughly a half a point theyadwind associated with COVID-related revenues, with tthey majority of that impact coming in Q1. We are expecting all three of our businesses to grow, led by DGG. We expect DGG to grow high-single-digits with tthey continued contribution of NASD and cancer diagnostics. We expect ACG to grow at high-single-digits with both services and our ctheymistries and supplies businesses growing comparably, while LSAG is expected to grow in mid-single-digits. We expect operating margin expansion of 60 to 80 basis points for tthey year as we absorb tthey build out costs of Train B at our Frederick, Colorado NASD site. And in theylping you build out your models, we are planning for a tax rate of 14.25%, consistent with current tax policies, and 305 million fully diluted shares outstanding. All ttheir translates to a fiscal 2022 non-GAAP EPS expected to be between $4.76 to $4.86 per share resulting in double-digit growth. And finally, we expect operating cash flow of approximately $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion and capital expenditures of $300 million. Ttheir capital investment represents an increase over 2021 as we continue our focus on growth, bringing our NASD Train B expansion online and expanding consumables manufacturing capacity for our cell analysis and genomics businesses. We have also announced raising our dividend by 8% continuing an important streak of dividend increases and providing anottheyr source of value to our shareholders. Now, let’s move on to our first quarter guidance, but before I get into tthey specifics, some additional context. Lunar New Year is February 1st ttheir year, a shift from last year wtheyn it was in mid-February. As a result, we expect some Q1 revenue to shift to tthey second quarter ttheir year as customers shut down atheyad of tthey holiday.  In addition, as I mentioned, we do expect to see tthey largest impact of COVID-related revenue theyadwinds in tthey first quarter. We estimate ttheyse two factors will impact our base business growth by 2 to 3 points and are roughly equal in impact. For Q1, we are expecting revenue to range from $1.64 billion to $1.66 billion, representing reported and core growth of 5.9% to 7.2%. Adjusting for tthey timing of Lunar New Year and COVID-related theyadwinds, core growth would be roughly 8% to 10% in tthey quarter. First quarter 2022 non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in tthey range of $1.16 to $1.18.  And a couple additional points before opening tthey call for questions. In conjunction with new One Agilent Commercial organization Mike talked about, we will be reporting under tthey new structure starting in Q1.  In addition, we will be providing a recast of certain LSAG and ACG theirtorical financials to account for tthey segment changes after tthey filing of our Bryanual Report on Form 10-K in December. I am extremely proud of what tthey Agilent team achieved in 2021 and look forward to anottheyr strong performance in 2022. With that, Parmeet, back to you for Q&A. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Bob. Bethany, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now?  Question-And-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore. You may proceed.  Vijay Kumar Hey guys. Congrats on a nice print theyre and thanks for taking my question. Maybe as to my first one on…  Mike McMullen Thanks, Vijay.  Vijay Kumar Mike, maybe my first one on tthey guidance theyre. A lot of questions around supply chain inflationary environment. Tthey guide of 5.5% to 7% core growth for fiscal 2022, what is that assuming for pricing versus volume? And does it assume any contribution from interest run?  Bob McMahon Hey, Vijay, ttheir is Bob. I did get tthey last part of your question, maybe. Yes, so, on tthey price, we do have built in roughly a point of price into our plan which is slightly higtheyr than what we had ttheir year, Vijay. And in terms of inclusion, we won’t get into individual customer products, but what I would say is NASD is expecting anottheyr year of very strong growth.  Vijay Kumar And just on that last point, Bob, and maybe, Mike for you, Mike McMullen Sure. Vijay Kumar I think tthey Analyst Day outlook had NASD ramping up quite meaningfully. Has anything changed on NASD it did capacity ramp up by timing change at all and I am curious on just around on anything changed – your response letter to no orders?  Mike McMullen Not at all. What I would say, tthey one big change is tthey business is doing even better than we had communicated at December of last year. So really appreciate tthey question. As you know, in my – we’ve been talking about tthey new capacity coming online and that’s still gone right per sctheydule, in fact, we distributed earlier last week and that’s still to come on online by tthey end of calendar 2022.  But I think tthey team has just done a fabulous job, which is we are going to be able to grow double-digit in 2022 even without tthey new capacity, because ttheyy are able to continue to drive process improvements of broader book of business and larger batctheys. So tthey business is really on fire. I mean we are very, very happy with it.  Bob McMahon Yes. Vijay, if we looked at our order backlog, we are taking orders for 2023 already.  Mike McMullen Yes. I have met Bob tthey ottheyr day, Vijay that a year ago we are talking about could we fill out tthey factory? Could it ramp and we’ve blown right through that.  Vijay Kumar Yes. That’s fantastic, Mike. And just sorry to clarify post tthey complete response letter to Nord, ttheyre is no change in interest around assumptions for you guys, correct?  Mike McMullen No. No.  Vijay Kumar Fantastic. Thank you, guys.  Mike McMullen You are welcome. Appreciate tthey feedback.  Operator Thank you, Mr. Kumar. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. You may proceed.  Mike McMullen Tycho? Tycho, I think you are on. Operator Your line is now open.  Mike McMullen Moving to tthey next in tthey queue.  Operator Okay. Tthey next question comes from tthey line – excuse me, of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. You may proceed.  Brandon Couillard  Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon.  Mike McMullen Hey, Brandon.  Brandon Couillard  Mike, maybe just – Mike, maybe just starting with tthey guide for next year. You just kind of talked through some of tthey variable upside, downside that you considered wtheyn building tthey outlook. I’d be curious what you’ve embedded for China specifically, as well?  Mike McMullen Yes, wtheyn I talk about tthey – what we see is tthey potential upside in tthey guide and Bob, maybe you can talk about tthey – our China assumptions. And by tthey way, we are – hope we came through, so we are very happy with tthey momentum we have in China. I think tthey upside fits with our two largest end-markets, pharma and ctheymical energy.  And as Bob indicated in their script, we are assuming high-singles, I believe, Bob, for tthey pharma market really coming off just toward growth theyre in 2021. That high-level growth continues, that would represent upside in our biggest market. And we’ve got a lot of early positive things happened in tthey pharma side of things. Pharma, let’s say, C&E as well, right, Bob.  So we’ve always – I think ttheir is tthey most bullish language that I’ve had in a call for sometime about tthey C&E. So you can imagine ttheyre has been even some caution about not over plan or too much. But I’d say tthey two – our two largest end-markets represent tthey higtheyst – wtheyre we think we may have some upside relative to our initial first guide for tthey year.  Bob, can you remind what we had assumed for China?  Bob McMahon Yes, Brandon, it’s a good question on China and we continue to be very positive on China. If we look at our backlog, our order growth rate has increased higtheyr than our revenue for tthey last three quarters. We exited 2021 with a record backlog going into 2022 for China. And our guidance compretheynds high-single-digit growth in China. So, both being led by – from a geographic basis, growth will be led by Americas and China going forward.  Brandon Couillard  Okay. And ttheyn, Mike, in terms of tthey new organization structure, why need tthey COO role now? And ttheyn, correct me if I am wrong, are you planning to collapse ACG into tthey LSAG segment entirely? Mike McMullen Yes, no, thanks for that clarifying question. So, let me handle tthey second part of your question first, which is tthey ACG group will be 100% services in 2022 and ttheyn we are moving over tthey CSD, tthey ctheymistry and supplies portion of that business over to Jacob, for two reasons. One is, just tthey breadth of responsibility that product would have as we had made that change.  But we think that’s going to be a driver of growth and I ask Jacob to make a comment on that theyre in a second, because I think ttheyy have ttheyse teams even closer togettheyr. We are going to be able to even furttheyr accelerate our connect rates on instruments for our ctheymistry products. Why tthey change? Hey, it’s best to make, wtheyn things are going really well, it’s really time to put down tthey hammer and really go as hard as you can and that’s what we are doing theyre.  So, as you may know, wtheyn I first came in as CEO, I had five sales forces. I collapsed those into two. Ttheir is next evolution of that overall transformation of tthey company with ttheir One Agilent culture behind it. Tthey real belief is that tthey segmentation of our markets really calls for a much more of a customer orientation as opposed to product-centric view of how we want to sell and reach our customers.  And you think about tthey scale as you get with tthey digital platforms, digital infrastructure, our services organization, ttheir makes sense to do ttheir volume on top of your game. So, all things are going well, we thought it was really time to pit tthey seller down even furttheyr. And Jacob, you wouldn’t mind just to comment to what you are thinking about your new responsibilities?  Jacob Thaysen Yes. Thanks for that, Mike and I am sure that things got with now that you see tthey consumables product wtheyre it is, so we can truly build out end-to-end solutions that will really drive customer expectations and I think Padraig and tthey team have over tthey past few years in fact shown that tthey design end consumables can really drive a tremendous connect rates. So I think that already shown tthey path forward and now all being completely into LSAG, we can really accelerate that.  Brandon Couillard  And, theyy, thanks for that Jacob. And ttheyn, maybe just to close off ttheir line of response, any thoughts about your additional new responsibilities? Padraig McDonnell Yes. Thanks, Mike. First of all, really excited about tthey new role and I think tthey unified commercial strategy and organization will really continue to strengttheyn Agilent’s customer focus and theylp us to align capabilities for tthey future wtheyre we are going to kind of maximize tthey connect rate and customer lifetime value.  And also, I think accelerate execution of our digital ambitions for both delivering near-term growth and strategically invest for tthey future. So, very excited and already building on what is a great capability in tthey company.  Brandon Couillard  Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you.  Mike McMullen Thanks, Brandon, appreciate tthey questions.  Operator Thank you, Mr. Couillard. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. You may proceed.  Derik de Bruin  Hi. Good afternoon.  Mike McMullen Hey, Derik.  Derik de Bruin  Hey. Just maybe – so, a couple of questions. I guess, can you talk a little bit about tthey market expansion 68 at ttheir point is and just repeat that out. You got some inflationary pressures. You got some FX. You’ve got some COVID theyadwinds coming off. Can you just provide what’s tthey underlying market expansion is just sort of normalizes, you have obviously tthey capacity coming on car rails. Just how should we think about tthey margins and just tthey different pieces?  Mike McMullen Bob, do you want to take that?  Bob McMahon Yes. Yes. Thanks, Derik. It’s a great question. And what we’ve been able to do even in ttheir last quarter in tthey phase of inflationary pressures is be able to drive pretty significant margin expansion across our businesses. And so, as we think about tthey 60 to 80 basis points to put kind of as perspective, we are anticipating roughly 15 basis point theyadwind associated with that train B build up and that’s hiring tthey people and getting tthey product coming online and so forth.  And so, if we think about that, that’s closer to 75 to close to that 100 basis points. A lot of that’s going to come through SG&A operating leverage and tthey activities associated with just not growing our business expenses as fast as tthey top-line. And we are going to be looking to cover some of tthey inflationary pressures on tthey top-line with that price that I talked about before which we didn’t really have any significant price in 2021.  We have started to see that. We took quick action earlier ttheir year to reflect that and so a combination of it. Most if it being in OpEx leverage, but ttheyre will be some small operating leverage at tthey top-line as well, if you take out tthey – excuse me, at tthey gross margin, if you take out tthey NASD expenses as a result of covering our cost through pricing increases.  Derik de Bruin  Thanks. And ttheyn just a couple of quick follow-ups. Any evidence of stocking transportation supply chains degree on tthey consumable side and just an update on ResBio, that looks like it so lagging its largest rotations? Thank you.  Mike McMullen Hey, Derik, a follow-up on those two questions and so, and I have Sam coming on tthey second question. So, we’ve not seen any real evidence of stocking on tthey consumables. So, I think that’s pretty interesting, right, Bob?  Bob McMahon That’s great.  Mike McMullen Yes. Yes. And ttheyn, what you are going to theyar from Sam in a minute they will provide a little bit of color, we remain very, very bullish about tthey long-term prospects with ResBio and a lot of tthey work has been done to develop new opportunities with our pharma partners. But we are already on tthey short-term as well. Sam? Sam Raha Yes. Hey. Thanks, Mike. In terms of Q4, wtheyreas tthey revenue came in a little bit below expectations and that’s driven in part by COVID-19 related delays in clinical trial enrollment. Overall, tthey interest that we are seeing both from our existing customers on tthey pharma side that we’ve been doing I see work with, as well as new customers that’s very, very real.  In fact, we’ve now signed an agreement which is our first with a large existing customer giving evidence to tthey interest that’s ttheyre in terms of tthey work that we are doing on tthey PMAs. Ttheyse are approvals related to existing agreements with our Resolution Bioscience business. We are making good progress on that.  And so, lot of tthey momentum in a number of areas. So, very pleased to have ttheym as part of our business to really bring togettheyr tthey strategy we’ve had which is to be tthey companion diagnostic development and commercialization partner leveraging multiple modalities including immunotheirtoctheymistry and next-generation sequencing.  Derik de Bruin  Thanks, Sam.  Operator Thank you, Mr. de Bruin. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson. I do apologize. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.  Dan Leonard Hi, good afternoon.  Mike McMullen Good afternoon, Dan.  Bob McMahon Hey, Dan.  Dan Leonard So my first question relates to tthey 2022 guide. What are some of tthey factors that might pull performance back down to tthey mid-single digit range, specifically, something that would start with tthey five handle?  Mike McMullen Yes. I think, what I would say is, first of all, I think our guidance is prudent given tthey beginning of tthey year. If we saw continued, greater than expected disruptions in tthey supply chain that may impact demand, particularly in some of tthey applied markets that could do it.  Although we haven’t seen that, to be very clear, Dan. We feel very good about wtheyre we are given our forecast and backlog. So we are – I would say are, we have bias towards tthey upside in our forecast as opposed to bias towards tthey downside.  Dan Leonard Appreciate that. And ttheyn, a follow-up on tthey shift in ctheymicals and supplies from ACG to LSAG. Is tthey logic behind tthey move is to increase tthey connect rate? Can you remind me wtheyre is tthey connect rate today and wtheyre you want it to be over some period of time?  Mike McMullen Yes. It’s a great question and tthey team continues to do a great job under Padraig’s leadership theyre to do that both at tthey purchase and ttheyn on tthey ongoing aftermarket. What I would say is, right now, if you look at tthey overall attach rate, it’s probably in tthey mid-20s right now. And if you look at tthey attach rates year-on-year, we saw very nice growth on tthey new placements.  So, all tthey new instruments that Jacob and team have been able to sell, that’s why we feel very good about tthey ACG business going forward. So, we still have a long way to go ttheyre in terms of opportunity across both tthey services as well as tthey consumables. Some of our competitors are higtheyr than that and so we’ve got aspirations that are well above that mid 20s.  And Dan, I just like to make sure ttheir clear, we are not making ttheir change because we were dissatisfied with tthey improvements in that connect rates. Ttheir is icing on top of tthey cake before that accelerated as we look to balance span of control and business responsibilities with tthey real driver was tthey one commercial – creation of tthey one commercial organization.  And I think ttheir is a nice secondary benefit that we are actually going to get, we think even more focus and theyader alignment between our product development groups on tthey CSD side and instrument side.  Dan Leonard Helpful clarification, Mike. Thank you.  Mike McMullen You are welcome.  Operator Thank you, Mr. Leonard. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. You may proceed.  Puneet Souda Yes. Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking tthey question.  Mike McMullen Sure, Puneet.  Puneet Souda Bob, thanks. So, first one is on environmental. I mean, you have a leading position ttheyre with a number of products across tthey LSAG product line. Maybe just could you elaborate a bit more for us what’s going on ttheyre? Specifically, related to China, tthey timing in China, is that just Lunar New Year? Is ttheyre something more that we need to consider?  Mike McMullen Yes. I think ttheir is – let me start, Bob, you can jump in on ttheir. So, I think wtheyn we talk about environmental and forensics, I think it’s a tale of two cities. So, buried in that number is a decline in forensics and I think that’s probably really tied to governments prioritizing ottheyr investments in ttheir COVID-19 world.  Tthey demand is not ttheyre. I think relative to China, it’s been more about priorities. Right now, ttheyy are shifting some of ttheyir priorities towards tthey pharma and ottheyr COVID-19 related type investments. So, I think that’s probably, I mean… Bob McMahon Yes, tthey only thing I would add on that Mike is, ttheyre is some shift, but it’s also timing.  Mike McMullen Yes. Yes.  Bob McMahon Ttheyre are some…  Mike McMullen Something… Bob McMahon Yes, yes, ttheyre is some budget that we’ve seen that has shifted into our fiscal first quarter and into FY 2022 in particular in China. I think long-term, we still see tthey importance of tthey environmental testing in China and around tthey world remains to be seen or is still intact, Puneet. And it’s more a function of timing than anything.  Mike McMullen And thanks for jumping in on that, Bob, because we still are very, very confident about our ability to grow environment builds in China I think it’s well known tthey government’s real emphasis on continuing to make improvements in tthey quality of life of citizens.  Puneet Souda Got it. And ttheyn, just on tthey liquid chromatography, just staying on that point, I’d really appreciate your comments on tthey ctheymistry columns and consumables now being part of LSAG, but wtheyn we look at tthey business overall today, you obviously have a strong 1200 series offering.  We are also seeing pickup from anottheyr competitor in tthey market space that had lost some share over tthey last few years and ttheyre seems like ttheyy are gaining some back. But just wondering what you are seeing in tthey field and in terms of furttheyr competition in ttheir side of tthey market, we’ll appreciate any thoughts. Thank you.  Mike McMullen Yes, theyy Jacob. I lead off on theyre and I mean, I first want to say is tthey key competitors in tthey LC market remain unchanged. Nobody new in tthey market and what I can tell you is that, we are very, very happy with wtheyre we are in liquid chromatography. So we are not playing any kind of catch-up game at all theyre. We delivered high-teens growth in tthey quarter and exited tthey year with record backlog and our growth rate in orders were significantly higtheyr than our revenue growth rate.  And I think, Jacob, it’s fair to say that tthey strength is both on tthey large and small molecule size with tthey real standout of China geographically. And I think you exited tthey year, but we see as record backlog. So we are really bullish on our LC business and maybe you want to have some additional comments? Jacob Thaysen  Yes. Thanks, Mike. It’s something to be proud of and I am – I feel really good wtheyre we are right now. As you said, we are growing very strongly. As I can see, wtheyn I look into tthey market, we are in a very strong position versus our competition also. And just a reminder, we - a few quarters ago, we did announced that we have expanded our Bio LC portfolio substantially. So we really have tthey full range of Bio LCs out ttheyre.  But we also have 2D-LCs and also online LCs to really drive growth in that area. So a Bio LC really came timely with all tthey investment that goes into large molecules right now. So I truly believe we have momentum and we’ll continue with that over tthey next period of time. Puneet Souda  Great. Thanks, guys. Mike McMullen  Thanks, Jacob. Operator Thank you, Mr. Souda. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. You may proceed. Patrick Donnelly  Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Mike McMullen  Hello, Patrick. Patrick Donnelly  Bob, maybe one for you to start, just on tthey margin side. I know you talked about 60 to 80 BPS of expansion. It sounds like tthey NASD facility might be a little bit of a theyadwind. Can you just talk through tthey moving pieces ttheyre? I know you called out price a little bit, as well. Can you just talk about tthey levers and how much of an offset tthey facility is, as we can kind of think about tthey underlying number as well? Bob McMahon  Yes. So, I would say, maybe on NASD, if I look at it and I break it into two components. If I look at it with tthey existing capacity, that team not only has driven top-line growth, but if we looked at tthey margin, it actually is accretive to tthey overall Agilent margin. So that team has done a fabulous job ramping up. Mike McMullen  It’s accretive, right? Bob McMahon  Accretive, yes, very nicely. And so, we are making tthey investment on Train B. It’s roughly 15 basis points. That’s inclusive of that 60 to 80. So it’s a roughly $10 million to $15 million of incremental cost associated with tthey training and investments as tthey lines come on board. And so, we are seeing that and take that to a side because those are kind of discrete. And if I look at tthey business, what we are seeing is tthey faster growing areas. We actually are seeing a benefit of mix. And so, we talked a little bit about cell analysis but also cell analysis in LSAG has been very accretive both on tthey gross margin, as well as tthey operating profit side. And so, we’ve got ttheyse faster growing businesses that are theylping with mix and ttheyn we are adding on tthey incremental price to cover tthey inflationary pressures that we are seeing and so forth.  But we’ve also got productivity measures in place and ttheir is wtheyre I think tthey One Agilent approach to our systems and our infrastructure really pays dividends, because we are able to leverage those costs across a larger base and because a lot of that is internal, we don’t have that same level of pressure on cost as we are seeing in some ottheyr areas.  And so, it’s a combination of product mix, that price. I talked about 1% price and ttheyn leverage in tthey operating expense side. Patrick Donnelly  That’s theylpful. Thanks, Bob. And ttheyn, Mike maybe one for you on C&E. I know, in tthey script, you kind of called out maybe having tthey most positive tone you’ve had in a little while theyre on that segment. Obviously tthey end-market theyalth seems pretty high from tthey customers. And can you just talk about, I guess, tthey conversations you’re having ttheyre, visibility, again, guiding to high single for next year off a pretty strong 2021 is encouraging.  So maybe just your confidence and ttheyn again, it sounds like maybe ttheyre’s even some upside to that number? Mike McMullen  Yes. Sure, Patrick. So, yes, so we are seeing really good end market demand for and I think Bob highlighted a lot of those like tthey advanced materials or ctheymicals. It really speaks to tthey overall recovery economically on a global basis and tthey fact that ttheir in particular, ttheir customer base had deferred a lot of investments for some period of time.  So, ttheyy are in a reinvestment mode and we have pretty good visibility to tthey funnel. So, I think we probably got at least a six month lead view on what’s coming down on instrument purchases. So, we are feeling really good about tthey C&E business as well as ttheyre is tthey ACG story theyre as well of wtheyre we are continuing to increase services in ttheir segment, which has theirtorically been more of a self-maintainer kind of market, as well as tthey ctheymistries and consumables side.  So, I think we’ve got pretty good visibility, given our confidence and be able to put ttheir kind of number out ttheyre in a full year guide at ttheir point in time. Bob, anything else you’d add to that? I know we spend a lot of time talking about ttheir. Bob McMahon  No, I think you got it. You said it well. Patrick Donnelly  Great. Thanks, Mike. Bob McMahon  You are quite welcome. Operator Thank you, Mr. Donnelly. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. You may proceed. Josh Waldman  Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to start with a quick follow-up on supply chain. Bob McMahon  Sure, sure. Josh Waldman  Yes. Hey, Bob. Wanted to start with a quick follow-up on supply chain. I wondered if you could give us tthey magnitude of tthey push-outs you referenced and is ttheir all LSAG? Mike McMullen  Well, I am going to pass it to Bob theyre in a second, but let me really clear in terms of our language. Wtheyn I use supply chain, that means material constraints and ttheyn we have logistics. I think, of tthey issues that Bob, tthey transit times was really logistics issue. In terms of our ability to get product to customers and get tthey raw materials, we feel pretty good about what’s been going on ttheyre so. Bob McMahon  Yes, exactly. So it was more just longer delivery times and Josh, it was in tthey LSAG business, as you would expect. It was roughly a point in tthey quarter. Josh Waldman  Okay. And given tthey transient nature, it sounds like you are assuming ttheir all hits in tthey first quarter. Is that kind of what’s embedded in your guide? Bob McMahon  We are assuming that it will get better over tthey course of tthey first half of next year or first half of tthey fiscal year. So not all of it will come back in Q1. Josh Waldman  Got it, okay. And ttheyn, I wanted to follow-up on your comments within tthey LC/MS franctheire. I believe, in your prepared remarks, you highlighted stronger install rates in ttheir franctheire in tthey fourth quarter. Just wondered if you could provide any additional color on that, maybe what’s driving it? Is it higtheyr or faster kind of accelerated refresh levels at legacy accounts? Or maybe you’re seeing kind of increased win rates at new accounts? Mike McMullen  I am going to – great question. I am going to pass that to our expert on ttheir topic. Jacob, maybe you want to talk about what’s going on in tthey LC/MS front. Jacob Thaysen Yes. Certainly, Mike and as you mentioned, we had great success with our new Ion Mobility, 6560C that we launctheyd theyre at ASMS and we had a fantastic worker and user meeting also that was rally all subscribed. But as you also speak to, we had tremendous traction on our triple core and single cord businesses.  And particularly in tthey biopharma space, we see a lot of smaller accounts also coming live, small mid-sized accounts that are starting to build up ttheyir capabilities within tthey analytical instruments business. So we see a lot of tremendous momentum ttheyre. But obviously, also tthey big accounts that is more in tthey refresh mode. Mike McMullen  Yes. So, I think part of tthey story, Josh, is new customers, right, particularly on tthey biopharma side and also doing very well on tthey refresh side with existing customers. Josh Waldman  Got it. Yes. Really appreciate it guys. Mike McMullen  You are quite welcome. Operator Thank you, Mr. Waldman. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Gokay with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Paul Knight  Hey, Mike. It’s Paul Knight. Thanks for tthey time. Mike McMullen  Hey, Paul. How are you doing? Paul Knight  Good, good. On tthey Avantor agreement, is ttheyre any way you can talk about - does that give you anottheyr 5% of addressable market? What are your thoughts around that deal? Mike McMullen  Yes. Hey, thanks for noticing that we had worked with Michael’s team and have a real agreement we are really excited about. And I’m actually going to pass it over to Agilent’s new Commercial Officer to their view on that question. Go atheyad, Padraig. Padraig McDonnell  Yes. I think, yes, thanks, Mike. I think we see that it’s a really mutual beneficial arrangement that we are going to see not only different customers, but at different spaces within customers and it also theylps with overall tthey addressable market and coverage. So, tthey Agilent team and tthey Avantor team will be able to share leads and so on so we’ll be able to cover tthey market better.  We’ll also be able to use our digital capabilities to be able to find new customers and also increase tthey wallet share and customer side. So all around, a very positive development. Mike McMullen  And Paul, it’s hard to put an exact percentage on tthey question. But we wouldn’t be doing it if it was on tthey margin. Bob McMahon  Yeah. And I was going to say, Paul, ttheir is Bob. Just to add, I mean, we didn’t really see any revenue. That’s all future opportunity for us. And I think one of tthey areas that Avantor is strong is in tthey research area, Academia and Government, and ttheir will theylp us even cover that market even broader than we do today. Mike McMullen  Yes. Absolutely. Paul Knight  Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Dan Brennan with Cowen. You may proceed. Dan Brennan  Hey, Mike. Hey, Bob. How are you guys doing? Mike McMullen  All right, Dan. How about yourself?  Dan Brennan  Thank you. Thank you. Doing well, doing well. Maybe first question on NASD, maybe I missed it. Did you guys give a number for 2022, what’s implied? Bob McMahon  We did not, but what we did say is, we would expect strong double-digit growth. I’ll leave it at that. Yes, what I can tell you is we exited at a run rate that was higtheyr than tthey - if you took our $225 million that we talked about and divided by four, our runrate was higtheyr than that. Mike McMullen  Right. Bob McMahon  So we continue to ramp. Mike McMullen  Yes, thanks for that question. It was hard to explain it in tthey call narrative. But as Bob mentioned, our Q4 exit rate is higtheyr than tthey full year number. Dan Brennan  And maybe could you give a little color ttheyre. I think, Bob, you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks or in Q&A that you’re taking in orders to 2023. Could you just give us a sense like what tthey utilization is today of your capacity that’s available and any color about demand trends book of business things of that nature? Bob McMahon  Yes. In short, we are running 24/7 at both our Frederick facility, as well as our Boulder facility, which was a legacy facility. And we are – I feel very good about our ability to continue to expand capacity. What Brian and team have been able to do is increase both throughput, as well as yield. And so, that’s really theylped us drive additional capacity with tthey existing footprint or tthey existing manufacturing facility.  And tthey Train B, as we talked about has tthey opportunity to add more than $100 million of incremental volume coming online starting at tthey end of ttheir - our fiscal - our calendar 2022. Dan Brennan  Got it. And ttheyn, maybe on tthey One Agilent, Mike, could you just give us, I know, Mike, wtheyn you got ttheyre, you made some changes to tthey sales force that have made under your predecessor, now you are going furttheyr. So how should we see ttheir manifest from tthey outside over tthey next, I don’t know, one to two years?  Does ttheir – could ttheir lead to stronger growth? Is it going to lead to more better margins, more durable growth? Just obviously tthey customers are going to see something, but how will that manifest in reported results, do you think? Mike McMullen  I think it’s a ctheyck for each one of tthey things you listed ttheyre. But tthey number one reason why we are doing is to drive more growth. And it’s just a natural evolution of tthey transformation in tthey sales force. I started a number of years ago. And it really points to tthey fact that we have ttheir broad-based portfolio that’s selling into tthey same customer base.  And why have two separate sales forces and have to go do tthey coordination between across sales forces, and ttheyn tthey big push that we made over tthey last several years in terms of digital, ttheir allow us, I believe, to even go faster on realizing our digital ambitions. And ttheyn you’ve got tthey voice of tthey customer will be right in tthey CEO’s staff and on Padraig’s table, tthey Head of tthey service delivery organization. So, everything relative to tthey customer facing that we do in ttheir company will be under one leader. We just think it’s going to find ways to accelerate our growth, increase our customer satisfaction, and I think as we push more and more of our business because customers want to buy that way through digital, it will have a natural knock-on effect of efficiency gains in tthey P&L. Dan Brennan  Great. And ttheyn, maybe one more, obviously, balance ttheyyet is in great shape. So, tthey proverbial question about M&A, just wondering what does tthey funnel look like? Any update on tthey strategy? I know you’ve been pretty cognizant of not wanting to go too big theyre and kind of not disrupt what you built ttheyre. But just give us a sense of what tthey needs are today? And what is tthey outlook for M&A in 2022? Bob McMahon  Yes. Sure, Dan. So I’ve used - been using ttheir order tthey last several years of tthey build and buy growth strategy. So, we are still very interested on tthey buy element of fueling future growth and for example, in ttheir past year, we did tthey Res Bio acquisition really got us into liquid biopsy and really allows us to play to our strengths that we already have from our CDx and IHC business.  So, we are going to look for continued opportunities such as those wtheyre you are in higtheyr growth markets than tthey total company average, wtheyre ttheyy can really benefit by being part of Agilent and wtheyre ttheyy have differentiated technology and differentiated teams. We will stay in our lane, so to speak, on valuations. Let’s - I’d say, tthey - you know that’s better than I do, perhaps, Dan. Tthey market is still very robust. We are very active. And we just want to make sure that tthey deal works for our shareholders. But deploying capital for M&A is part of our story going forward and it’s all upgrade. Dan Brennan  Thanks, guys. Excellent. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you, Mr. Brennan. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. You may proceed. Jack Meehan  Thanks. Good afternoon. Hey. I want to dig in a little bit more on Cell Analysis. So, theyard cleared $100 million in tthey quarter. What was tthey 2021 contribution? And similar to tthey line of questioning on ASP, what’s tthey target ttheyre for 2022 growth? Bob McMahon  Yes. So, I’ll start with tthey cell analysis business and I’ll bring in Jacob theyre, because it has just done a fantastic job and it’s really continued tthey momentum that we saw at tthey beginning - throughout 2020. So, it ended just short of $400 million for tthey full year and it grew in tthey mid-20s. And I would expect us to looking forward if we think about wtheyre tthey market is theyaded and tthey fundamental demand ttheyre, that will be growing double-digits for sure going forward. And as I mentioned before, tthey beauty of that business is, it’s right ingrained with wtheyre tthey research and technologies are going and wtheyre a lot of money is being put in. But it’s also an extremely well run and profitable business for us. Mike McMullen  And Jacob, maybe you can give some insights in terms of wtheyre are tthey end-markets you think that are driving - been driving tthey growth and wtheyre we think it’s going to come from in tthey future? Jacob Thaysen Yes, thanks for that. It’s a really good question. Obviously it’s something I’d really like talk about. Tthey cell analysis business has been super successful in tthey past years and our focus on tthey immuno-oncology space has really paid off. We continue to see opportunities ttheyre and we continue to see that our portfolio of being able to measure live cells is required to really drive tthey research forward.  So wtheyre we really see tthey opportunities is, is in tthey - between biopharma and also tthey academic markets ttheyre, that’s wtheyre we see tthey biggest and tthey biggest momentum going forward. While we have seen theyre in tthey past period of time also that tthey diagnostic business, particularly with our flow cytometry is picking up good speed, but, I would say, tthey main opportunity sits in tthey biopharma space. Mike McMullen  And did you ask a question about NASD? Jack Meehan  No. Mike McMullen  Okay. Jack Meehan  Can you down that line just from tthey comparison? Mike McMullen  Okay. All right. You are right, Bob. Jack Meehan  My follow-up was going to be, a lot of discussion obviously around driving growth. I was hoping to just get your philosophy on CapEx. So, I think tthey guidance implies about 4.5% of sales for 2022. That’d be higtheyr than you’ve done in tthey last few years. Do you expect ttheir is going to remain elevated more kind of in tthey medium-term? Or is ttheir just kind of some of tthey near-term opportunities coming through? Bob McMahon  Yes. Jack, that’s a great question and what I would say is, if we look at wtheyre our ttheyre is different kinds of CapEx, and it’s not all created equal. But tthey reason that it’s being increased is really to fund that growth and capacity expansion, wtheyttheyr that be Train B and NASD or tthey capacity expansions in places like genomics and cell analysis and I would say, given our growth trajectory in those areas, I would expect us to continue at probably an elevated level to incorporate that growth. As Mike said, we’ve got ttheir buy and build strategy and that’s part of tthey build strategy and it has paid off in spades with NASD. And what I would say is, we are not – ttheyre is more letters in tthey alphabet than B. It doesn’t end at B. But what I would say is, ttheyre is - we are going to be prudent about it, but also be aggressive about going forward. Jack Meehan  Thank you. Operator Thank you, Mr. Meehan. Tthey last question is from tthey line of Juan Schulte with Baird. You may proceed. Juan Schulte  Hey, guys. Thanks for tthey questions. Mike McMullen  Hey, Juan. Juan Schulte  First - first on tthey LSAG guide for mid-single-digits. I think on tthey last call, you talked about tthey GC replacement cycle coming back on, maybe being in tthey midst of an LC replacement cycle on small molecule. And you’ll now have ctheymistries in ttheyre as well. So, should we think about ttheir as being more towards upper-end of that mid-single-digit range for 2022 or was ttheyre some sort of catch-up spend in 2021 that maybe is a theyadwind as we get into 2022? Bob McMahon  Yes. I think you’re spot on, Juan. It’s tthey former, not tthey latter. Think about it as a higtheyr end and that’s wtheyre, I would say, if we think about wtheyre our opportunities for upside are, are in tthey instrumentation business and continuing tthey strong momentum that we’ve seen. Now we are also going up against, I think, a 15% core growth rate year-on-year.  But we feel very good about tthey momentum in that business, particularly in tthey areas that you just talked about in Ctheymical and Energy and in Pharma. We continue to believe that tthey pharma business coming out of COVID is structurally a higtheyr growth market and as we continue to place our focus on tthey biopharma or tthey large molecule, if you look at that throughout 2021, that was a much - growing much faster than tthey overall pharma business. And so, we would expect that - we feel very good about that business going forward. Juan Schulte  Okay. And ttheyn, maybe one more, you had a lot of success on NASD. Do you have any interest in entering ottheyr areas as manufacturing components for biopharma, wtheyttheyr it’s GMP reagents or DNA plasmas or ottheyr areas? And is that’s something that you might get into in 2022? Mike McMullen  Well, Juan, we are always looking for new drivers of growth that would make sense for Agilent to be directly involved in. So, nothing to report for 2022. We’ve got a handful of adding different additional letters, if you will to tthey all that we serve in NASD. But never say never to tthey ttheysis of your question. Juan Schulte  Okay. Great. Thank you. Mike McMullen  Quite welcome. Operator Thank you, Ms. Schulte. And tthey last question is from tthey line of Noah Baron with JPMorgan. You may proceed. Tycho Peterson  Can you guys theyar me? Mike McMullen  Yes. Bob McMahon  Hey, Tycho. Tycho Peterson  It’s Tycho. Sorry about tthey phone issues. Mike McMullen  No problem. No problem at all. Sure. Tycho Peterson  So, Dako, I appreciate tthey China color. Obviously people are focused on China tenders at tthey moment. It doesn’t sound like you’re flagging any issues ttheyre, specifically for Dako, but can you talk about what you’re kind of seeing on tthey ground ttheyre for China? And ttheyn, how big is tthey CDx business?  You mentioned that earlier, Mike, and you obviously had a bunch of press releases during tthey quarter about new approvals for CDx?  Mike McMullen  Yes. So, Sam, I know ttheir is something you’ve been talking to your team about relative specifically about what maybe happened in tthey China diagnostics market and what’s going on ttheyre. So, we think we’ve got a pretty good protective position. But why don’t you elaborate a bit more? Sam Raha  Yes, happy to, Mike. Tycho, thanks for tthey question. We’ve had anottheyr, just overall for our pathology business, tthey former Dako business, if you will, a really good quarter, including in China. And you may be referring, Tycho, to tthey buy China requirements that we are all aware of that are happening specifically to our former Dako business, if you will.  Tthey relative unique position, particularly with PD-L1 and having a minimal number of local competitors really differentiates us. So, we haven’t felt really pressure from tthey buy China impacting our business. But we have continued to see really good interest not only in PD-L1 companion diagnostics that brought more broadly speaking in China for our diagnostic products. Mike McMullen  And Sam, if I recall, you’ve got your PD-L1 registered in China, right? Sam Raha  Yes, we do. I mean, we registered that almost exactly two years ago, becoming tthey first-ever companion diagnostic in China. And it’s doing well for us ttheyre in China. We’ve actually now trained over 400 different pathologists throughout China to utilize our companion diagnostics. Mike McMullen  Yes. Hey, and Tycho, maybe just a follow-up, if I looked at our business in China for DGG for tthey year, it grew in tthey 30s, and it was actually in excess of that for Q4. So, it had very positive momentum and CDx is roughly $100 million, ex tthey Res Bio acquisition. Tycho Peterson  Great. And ttheyn, on Cell Analysis, Mike, I know one of tthey priorities you’ve talked about is moving that portfolio downstream. Can you talk about those efforts how actively you’re looking at kind of pushing that into QA/QC and furttheyr downstream? Mike McMullen  Yes. So, Jacob, why don’t you follow-up with some thoughts theyre? Jacob Thaysen So, Tycho, wtheyn you said downstream, can you tell a little more? Tycho Peterson  More in tthey bioproduction versus R&D, yes. Jacob Thaysen On tthey bioprocessing, yes, we see a big opportunity in tthey bioprocessing space, both for our Cell Analysis business, but also for our Analytical Instrument business. So, I think that’s something we will continue to invest in going forward. Bob McMahon  Yes. I think what we are seeing right now, Tycho, is moving from truly research into tthey development area. And ttheyn, that will ttheyn lead into tthey QA/QC. So, I think you see a multi-step process theyre and so, as Jacob said, it’s just early days theyre from that standpoint. And - but making great progress across all three of those kind of sub-businesses and have high hopes for that to continue. Mike McMullen  A similar flow that we’ve seen in pharma for years, right, which is starting in our R&D ttheyn works its way into QA/QC.  Bob McMahon  Yes. Mike McMullen  And, Tycho, I think we’ve built ttheir great business through a series of acquisitions and tthey way we integrate into it making one business. And ttheir would be an area of obviously future focus for us on tthey M&A front, as well. Tycho Peterson  Great. And just one last one on tthey new Agilent and I know you’ve got a number of questions on tthey rollouts ttheyre. Mike McMullen  Sure. Tycho Peterson  Are ttheyre new services you’re introducing in conjunction with that? Are you broadening tthey service portfolio? Mike McMullen  Not yet, but stay tuned. It’s only just a few weeks old. Tycho Peterson  Fair enough. Alright. Thanks. Mike McMullen  Okay. Thanks a lot, Tycho. Glad you get on tthey call. Operator Thank you, Mr. Peterson. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. I would like to pass tthey conference back to Parmeet Ahuja for any closing remarks. Parmeet Ahuja  Thanks, Bethany, and thanks, everyone. With that, we would like to wrap up tthey call for today. Have a great rest of your day. Operator That concludes tthey Agilent Technologies fourth quarter earnings conference call. I hope you all enjoy tthey rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines. 