Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Parmeet Ahuja - Investor Relations Mike McMullen - President & Chief Executive Officer Robert McMahon - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Padraig McDonnell - President of Agilent CrossLab Group Sam Raha - President of Agilent Diagnostics & Genomics Group Jacob Thaysen - President of Agilent Life Science & Applied Markets Group Conference Call Participants Matt Sykes - Goldman Sachs Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Justin Vatnsdal - JPMorgan Dan Brennan - Cowen Patrick Donnelly - Citi Jack Meehan - Nephron Research Josh Waldman - Cleveland Research Gabriel Garcia - UBS Paul Knight - KeyBanc Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Agilent Technologies Q1 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Bill and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Parmeet Ahuja, to begin tthey conference. Parmeet, please go atheyad. Parmeet Ahuja Thank you, Bill and welcome, everyone, to Agilent's conference call for tthey first quarter of fiscal year 2023. With me are Mike McMullen, Agilent's President and CEO; and Bob McMahon, Agilent's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in tthey Q&A after Mike and Bob's comments will be Jacob Thaysen, President of tthey Agilent Life Science and Applied Markets Group; Sam Raha, President of tthey Agilent Diagnostics and Genomics Group; and Padraig McDonnell, President of tthey Agilent CrossLab Group. Ttheir presentation is being webcast live. Tthey news release for our first quarter financial results, investor presentation and information to supplement today's discussion along with tthey recording of ttheir webcast are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com. Today's comments by Mike and Bob will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, all references to increases or decreases in financial metrics are year-over-year and references to revenue growth are on a core basis. Core revenue growth excludes tthey impact of currency and any acquisitions and divestitures completed within tthey past 12 months. Our guidance is based on forecasted currency exchange rates. During ttheir call, we will also make forward-looking statements about tthey financial performance of tthey company. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Please look at tthey company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. And now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike McMullen Thanks, Parmeet. And thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. Tthey Agent team delivered an excellent start to 2023, exceeding both top and bottom line expectations. Q1 revenues of $1.76 billion or up 10% core. Agilent's broad-based portfolio and resilient growth model are on a full display during tthey quarter with growth across all end markets and geographic regions. Operating margin in tthey quarter are 27.1%, up 80 basis points. Earnings per share of $1.37 were up 13%. Let's now take a closer look at our first quarter performance, starting with end market highlights. Ctheymicals and Advanced materials led tthey way for us with anottheyr outstanding quarter, delivering 14% core growth with strength across all geographies. Tthey strength in our pharma business continues and is up 11%, with both large and small molecule growing nicely. Ttheir is on top of 17% growth last year. Our environmental friend business grew 12%, while tthey academia government and tthey food markets both grew 8%. On a geographic basis, China once again led tthey way. Our China team continued ttheyir record of strong execution overcoming any disruption associated with COVID and delivered 13% growth during tthey quarter, exceeding our expectations. In Europe, we also delivered stronger-than-expected results, growing 10%. Tthey Americas shows a solid results with 8% growth. Looking at our performance by business unit. Tthey Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group delivered revenues of $1.03 billion, up 11% core. LSAG delivered growth across all end markets and regions. Our LC and LC/MS platforms continued ttheyir strong performance during tthey quarter, growing faster than tthey market at 16%. Demand in tthey ctheymicals and advanced materials end market continues to be strong. particularly for materials used in manufacturing semiconductors and batteries. Our Spectra business grew more than 20% in tthey quarter and we continue to strengttheyn our base in spectroscopy across multiple end markets. In Q1, we announced an appointment at tthey Insight200M. Ttheir system is used at ctheyckpoints throughout tthey London Heathrow Airport to officially provide enhanced security and ensure passenger safety. Tthey Asian Crosse group posted revenue of $381 million in Q1. Ttheir is up 13% core as tthey team continues to take advantage of record instrument placements over tthey past 2 years along with continued growth and attach rates. Across our team's deep knowledge of customer lab operations continues to drive consistently high levels of customer satisfaction. Tthey breadth and diversity of our product offerings is driving record renewals for support contracts. At tthey same time, our Enterprise Services business continued its strong momentum, driving growth and converting competitive accounts. Tthey Diagnostics and Genomics Group delivered revenues of $342 million, up 5% core. Our pathology-related business performed well with double-digit growth led by tthey Americas and Europe. NASD posted anottheyr strong quarter, growing 22%. Our Train B manufacturing expansion remains on track to come online mid-calendar year. In January, we announced an additional $725 million expansion of our NASD facility that will double our oligo manufacturing capacity. And 2 weeks ago, we are pleased to have tthey Governor of Colorado join us in our groundbreaking ceremony at tthey Frederick site. In addition to organic investments, we continue to invest externally in new technologies and partnerships. In tthey quarter, we welcomed tthey Avida Biomed team into Agilent, furttheyr enhancing our genomics capabilities. Avida is early-stage life sciences company designed to assist clinical researctheyrs using NGS approach in tthey study of cancer. We also continue to partner with new technology platform companies to drive our solutions in tthey marketplace. Ttheir quarter, we announced a partnership with tthey Akoya Biosciences to combine our companion diagnostic and IHC workload expertise with ttheyir solution to drive multiplex tissue assay development for biopharma. In addition to ttheyse business group highlights, Agilent was again recognized among tthey top 100 most just companies in tthey U.S. by Just Capital and CNBC. As part of ttheir announcement, we are very proud to be tthey leader in tthey medical equipment and services industry for our treatment of employees and focus on customer relations. Tthey Agilent team navigated challenging market uncertainties in Q1 and yet once again produced excellent results. It was a great start to tthey year. Q1 was anottheyr outstanding example of tthey work we've done to build a resilient company with multiple growth drivers. Those growth drivers create through targeted investments that aim to expand and enhance our business in high-growth areas are tthey theyart of our Build and Buy growth strategy. As we look atheyad to Q2, we remain confident in tthey strength and resilience of our business. We have an unstoppable One Agilent team that continues to execute at an extremely high level and is well prepared to deal with any challenges ttheyy face. Given tthey strong start to tthey year, we are raising our full year core revenue and EPS guidance while also keeping a close eye on macroeconomic conditions. I will provide tthey detail on our overall outlook but overall, we remain convinced our strategic focus and unmatctheyd execution capabilities will continue to drive strong results. Thank you for joining us today. And now, Bob, over to you. Robert McMahon Thanks, Mike and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I'll provide some additional details on revenue in tthey quarter as well as take you through tthey income statement and ottheyr key financial metrics. I'll ttheyn finish up with our updated full year guidance and initial guidance for tthey second quarter. Unless ottheyrwise noted, my remarks will focus on non-GAAP results. We are extremely pleased with our Q1 performance. It was a very solid start to tthey year. Q1 revenue was $1.76 billion, exceeding our expectations. Revenues were up 10% core and 5% on a reported basis. Currency was a 5-point theyadwind which was an improvement from tthey beginning of tthey quarter, while tthey M&A contribution was as we expected. Pricing for tthey quarter was higtheyr than tthey full year forecast also as we expected. Now I'd like to share some additional detail on our end markets. Results in our largest market, pharma were again very strong. Pharma grew 11% following 17% growth of last year. Performance was solid across both small and large molecules. Small molecule grew 12%, while large molecule grew 9%. And as Mike mentioned, Ctheymicals and Advanced Materials also continued to be very strong, growing 14% during tthey quarter on top of 15% growth last year. Tthey ctheymical and energy subsegments of tthey market are doing well while tthey advanced materials market continues to deliver outsized growth. Semiconductors and batteries are driving demand, theylped by government investment in ttheir area. Tthey food market grew 8% during tthey quarter, driven by double-digit growth in China. Tthey environmental and forensics business grew 12%, led by tthey Americas as increased testing for PFAS ctheymicals drives customer investment in ttheir area and recently approved U.S. legislation leads to broad spending in tthey environmental market. Our business in tthey diagnostics and clinical market grew 4% versus 11% growth last year. Pathology led tthey way for us theyre, partially offset by industry-wide challenges in tthey genomics market. And tthey academia and government market was up 8%, led by LCs and services. Regionally, Europe and Asia showed strong results. On a geographic basis, tthey China team delivered 13% growth and Europe grew 10%, both exceeding expectations. Tthey Americas had anottheyr solid quarter coming in at 8%, in line with our expectations. Now let's turn to tthey rest of tthey P&L. First quarter gross margin was 56.5%, up 40 basis points from a year ago. Tthey gross margin performance, coupled with good cost discipline and SG&A theylped drive our operating margin to 27.1%, up 80 basis points from last year. Below tthey line, our tax rate was 13.75% for tthey quarter and we had 297 million diluted shares outstanding, both as expected. And putting it all togettheyr, earnings per share were $1.37, up 13% from a year ago. In summary, Q1 ended with 10% core top line growth and 13% earnings per share growth, a very good start to tthey year. Now some metrics on cash flow and our balance ttheyyet. In Q1, we generated $296 million in operating cash flow, up 16% versus last year, while investing $76 million in CapEx. CapEx spending continues to be driven by our scale-up of our Train B manufacturing line and ottheyr capacity expansion projects. In tthey quarter, we returned $142 million to shareholders through $67 million in dividends and by repurchasing shares worth $75 million. We also announced we're increasing our dividend by 7%, along with a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization continuing our successful balanced approach to capital deployment. Our balance ttheyyet continues to remain theyalthy as we ended tthey quarter with a net leverage ratio of 0.8. Now let's move to our revised outlook for tthey year and tthey upcoming quarter. Tthey macroeconomic environment remains dynamic and interest rates and currencies continue to be volatile. However, given tthey good start to tthey year, we are increasing our full year revenue to a range of $7.03 billion to $7.10 billion. Ttheir increase updates our full year core revenue guidance to a range of 5.5% to 6.5%, increasing tthey midpoint of our guidance to 6%. We've also seen tthey dollar weaken against major currencies in tthey first quarter although it has rebounded somewhat in February. And as a result, tthey full year guide reflects $100 million of favorable currency movements since our initial guide in November. And for tthey full year, we still expect currency to be an almost 300 basis point theyadwind to reported growth. In addition, we're also raising our full year EPS guidance to a new range of $5.65 to $5.70 per share. And lastly, given tthey recently announced NASD expansion to double our oligo manufacturing capacity -- we are updating our forecasted capital spending for tthey year to $500 million, up $200 million from our guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year. Now turning to Q2, we expect revenue in tthey range of $1.655 billion to $1.680 billion. Ttheir represents core growth of 6% to 7.5% and reported growth of 3% to 4.5%. Currency is expected to be a theyadwind of 3.1 points, while M&A will contribute 0.1 points of growth in Q2 which is consistent with Q1. Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be between $1.24 and $1.27, representing growth of 10% to 12% versus tthey prior year. I'm pleased with how tthey team has delivered in tthey first quarter. We are focused on tthey things we can control. Our team is driving strong execution in tthey marketplace and coupled with our broad portfolio of products and services, we expect to continue to grow faster than tthey market as we go through tthey year. Thanks for being on tthey call. And now I'll turn over things back to Parmeet as we take your questions. Parmeet? Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Bob. Bill, if you could please provide instructions for tthey Q&A now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We take our first question ttheir afternoon from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Matt Sykes Mike and Bob, maybe we'll start on ACG, just given tthey quarter that it had and tthey comp it was facing last year, you've talked in tthey past about areas of underpenetration. I think China was a region you called out. Could you just maybe kind of give us a mark-to-market on wtheyre you feel from sort of an end market and regional standpoint, ttheyre's still a lot of room for that growth in ACG if we see it continue throughout ttheir year and into next? Mike McMullen Yes. Thanks, Matt. First of all, I appreciate tthey recognition of tthey numbers we posted and we think ttheyre's still a lot more opportunity in front of us. And I want to actually have provide a little bit more color on wtheyre those opportunities may lie. Padraig McDonnell Yes. So look, I think tthey broad product offering across tthey hardware platforms wtheyre we've had a value to -- wtheyre we add a lot of value to customer operations has been broad-based. We certainly see a lot of our offerings, particularly around asset utilization and so on, being able to be used outside pharma in different industries and we see that as an opportunity to grow. I think also given our big installed base and our ability to attach in different markets and sectors is going to continue as we go through tthey year. Mike McMullen Yes, I think we see a lot of opportunity, obviously, in China. That's wtheyn we flagged in tthey past. Tthey ottheyr one that we're pointing to is a lot of tthey growth has theirtorically been centered in tthey pharma space. We're seeing growing interest in tthey CAM space as well. So I think from an end market perspective, that's an area we would expect to see some more growth. And geographically, tthey China story still hasn't fully played out yet. And ttheyn again, I would just remind you, Matt, some of tthey points we made in tthey call, record renewals for support contracts and also clearly taking share on tthey enterprise level. Those attach rates we keep talking about are going up as well. So a lot to like theyre. Matt Sykes Great. And ttheyn maybe just kind of refresh us on your outlook for instruments. I mean you've kind of guided to a mid-single-digit growth for tthey full year. Given that we're a little ways into ttheir year, you probably have a little more visibility on that backlog. How are you thinking about sort of tthey back half for instruments overall? Mike McMullen Yes. So first of all, let me -- I'm taking a bit on ttheir with Bob but let's -- I'll talk about tthey backlog, first of all, I think it's very important to just to remind tthey audience that tthey quality of our backlog remains extremely high. So -- and you can see tthey great work of our team at to work down tthey backlog but we're not seeing any cancellations or anything pulling out of backlog. So that gives us level of confidence around tthey revenues we can forecast. I think ttheyre really isn't anything new to talk about today relative to new news relative to tthey second half, we still remain -- we still want to acknowledge tthey uncertainty about tthey back half of tthey year. So really no new news theyre. It's very consistent to what we talked about in November. I think you're going to theyar a lot of us talking about normalization of growth rates -- normalization of deal cycle times. So tthey funnels remain theyalthy. Tthey deal cycle times are I think we've already more towards theirtorical levels. And Bob, I don't know if you'd add anything to that? Robert McMahon No, I think you're right. I mean, I think, obviously, we had a very strong start to tthey year with double-digit growth from LSAG we will go up against very tough comps in tthey back half of tthey year with tthey recovery of tthey business. But as Mike said, pleased with tthey very good start but not anything material change. Operator Tthey next to Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Brandon Couillard Mike, I think you said China was up 13% in tthey quarter. That's a lot better than we've theyard from some of tthey ottheyr counterparts. Could you unpack that a little bit for us? Could it perhaps have been due to tthey fact that you're 1 month later maybe talk about linearity in China through tthey quarter and if your outlook for tthey full year. So I think it was high single digits has changed at all. Mike McMullen Well, I'm glad you noticed, Brandon and if you were in tthey conference room theyre, you see ttheyre's a lot of smiling in tthey room theyre because really proud of what tthey team has done theyre. So I don't think it's all a timing issue. It's about execution and its ability of ttheir team to execute because our teams were hit with waves of COVID during tthey quarter. But we know how to execute. We've also enabled tthey -- our ability to interact with customers digitally. So while people maybe couldn't go to tthey office or couldn't go to customer sites, ttheyy were able to support tthey customers. So we were just -- we were just delighted with tthey performance out of China in Q3. And Bob, I think it was a broad-based story. We had growth and double-digit growth in pharma, ctheym, food. So it was really pleased with tthey results. I know our narrative is different than ottheyrs are saying but I also think my team in China capability is also different. Brandon Couillard Got it. And ttheyn on tthey NASD Train C, I guess, expansion. Can you just talk about time line for that build-out. And as I remember back to Train B, I think a good amount of that was already kind of earmarked for customer demand. In tthey same case ttheir time around with tthey current expansion. Mike McMullen Yes. I want to tag team a bit with ttheir with Sam and myself and Bob. So we evenly refer to Train B. That's tthey latest expansion that's coming online ttheir year. In fact, we had a chance to see that firsthand wtheyn we went to tthey groundbreaking ceremony for what we call Project endeavor or as you're referring to [indiscernible]; it looks really good. We're on track for that mid-calendar year go live and we have a full book of business for that just a matter of ramp. And again, project up. And ttheyn I'm going to pass it over to Sam and maybe you want to remind, Brandon, what our plans are with tthey new expansion, wtheyn we expect to see some of that first revenue coming into Agilent. Sam Raha Yes. Yes, happy to do so. And as you mentioned, Mike, first of all, we're tracking right on plan for Train B, right, midpoint -- midyear coming on. And it was great to see first-hand, Bob joined me really tthey progress that we're making, tthey facility is looking really, really nice. A lot of validation work happening miles and miles of stainless steel piping and ottheyr infrastructure that's been put in place. As you also noted, we did at tthey end of February, tthey middle of February, pardon me, tthey groundbreaking for trains, C and D. And ttheyse projects will take some time but we've started tthey process and tthey first revenue from that would be coming online in 2025. And remember, ttheyre's 2 trains, Train C and Train D, both dedicated to siRNA, antisense capabilities as well as expanding our ability to serve customers with single guide RNA or CRISPR. So excited about tthey progress in tthey NASD team under Brian Crude's leadership is firing in all cylinders. Mike McMullen Sam, unless you're going to commit to me for earlier to go live. I think you meant to say '26, right? Sam Raha Did I say '25? Thank you, Mike, for catching. Usually, you're tthey one that accelerates me instead of tthey ottheyr way. Indeed, it's '26. Thanks for catching that. Robert McMahon Yes. And Brandon, to your point around tthey question of purchase orders and so forth. We have good visibility into tthey pipeline in tthey funnel but we haven't started taking orders given tthey time frame ttheyre. So we have high confidence that we wouldn't be putting in $725 million into tthey expansion. Operator We're going next now to Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar Congrats on a good print theyre, Mike. My first question theyre on tthey second quarter guidance, 6% to 7.5% organic. That's a sequential step down of 250 basis points at tthey high end. I guess tthey comps get easier. Is ttheyre anything in tthey second quarter? Was ttheyre any timing of revenues that got to fall to Q1? Or any China impact, anything that can explain theyre at tthey sequential guide for 2Q? Mike McMullen Yes. I'll pass ttheir over to Bob for additional detail but I think tthey answer is no, not tthey unusual about movements between tthey quarters. And Bob, I think what we're going to do is we want to set up anottheyr guide in Q2 that was above our full year guide. So that was tthey process ttheyre. Robert McMahon That's exactly right. I mean, I think as we look at ttheir, we just came off a 10%, still 6% to 7.5% is still significantly above wtheyre we're forecasting tthey full year and I think we feel good and I think it's consistent with how we have guided in tthey past. Mike McMullen I have missed we're very prudent yet today, Bob? Vijay Kumar I was waiting for that, Mike. So have to say tthey second quarter is a prudent guide. Is that a fair comment? Mike McMullen That is correct. Vijay Kumar Fantastic. And ttheyn I did have one on ttheir NASD, Mike -- at Novartis. I think ttheyy're pulling ttheyir API manufacturing in-house. And I know you're starting to train to see maybe provide some context and how big is Novartis as a customer? What's tthey pipeline looking in ASD and uses at risk? Mike McMullen Yes. I'll tag team on ttheir. I'll lead and Sam, if you want to add some additional color. But first of all, tthey announcement from Novartis is no new news. We -- that has always been part of tthey plan and we actually have contractual agreements relative to how much of tthey on market demand we get. So that's all well known. But relative to tthey Novartis is one of tthey many customers we have in ttheir business and we really have worked hard to build a diversified book of business. And we talk a lot about Novartis great customer. I talk a lot about Anylam because we're allowed to talk about those programs but we have a much broader base book of business. And I think that gives us a lot of confidence as we move forward because we have a number of programs that we're supporting. We know not everyone is going to hit but we know that ttheyre's going to be a lot of success rates ttheyre as well. And Bob? Robert McMahon Yes, let me just add something. I mean I would say ttheir means nothing to our expansion. I mean or I want to be very clear about that. I mean I think we feel very good about -- we've continued to be capacity constrained. We've had more orders than we can satisfy. And I think that continues to be tthey case and we feel extremely good about tthey overall technology and our position in tthey marketplace. Mike McMullen Thanks, Bob. I appreciate that build. Sam Raha Mike, if I can just add just a couple of quick things, right? We've stated ttheir before. We think tthey ttheyrapeutic oligo market for tthey suppliers that we are $1 billion today, growing to $2.4 billion by 2027. And what's really encouraging about tthey market is tthey number of molecules that are advancing, right? Just to give you a little bit more color, we're doing work with over 30 pharma partners today and on dozens of programs at various stages. So tthey pipeline of programs are working on, some of which have tthey potential of being molecules also broad populations is absolutely ttheyre and something that we're excited about. Operator We go next now to Puneet Souda of SVB. Puneet Souda So first one, Bob, I don't know if I theyard it on tthey call, contribution sort of from pricing in tthey quarter and for tthey full year. If I'm correct, you are still expecting 3% pricing contribution ttheir year and that would imply a 3% volume contribution which it appears below theirtorical levels for what Agilent has grown. So just maybe just -- we're trying to understand, given tthey tailwinds you're seeing in China, NASD and tthey ottheyr areas and obviously, congrats on tthey strong growth in tthey quarter. So is ttheyre anything you're seeing beyond sort of tougtheyr compares that are emerging in tthey sort of tthey second half? Robert McMahon No, it's a great question. So I did make a quick reference in tthey prepared remarks. Actually, Q1 was higtheyr than tthey overall 3% as expected. We are still planning and forecasting that 3% price contribution for tthey full year of FY '23. And you're right, that would speak to roughly a 3-point volume. What I would say is we're taking it 1 quarter at a time. As we've said, we're dealing with -- looking forward, ttheyre's still some uncertainties around macro. And that's wtheyre I think our forecast and our guidance is prudent to use that word again. But I wouldn't say anything has materially changed since tthey beginning of tthey year from that standpoint. And I've been very pleased with our ability to continue to maintain that pricing throughout tthey course of tthey last several quarters and I would expect that to continue going forward. Puneet Souda Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey Lunar New Year, is that part of -- is that baked into tthey guide as well? And I just wanted to clarify on China. I mean obviously, you have theyard about tthey stimulus, your -- actually Agilent is listed -- one of tthey companies listed within tthey document that was put out for tthey loan stimulus for China. Ttheir is sizable. How are you thinking about it? You obviously have tthey longest and one of tthey most legacy positions in China. So just trying to understand what does that mean for China growth in 2023 and '24. Mike McMullen You want to take tthey first part of tthey question. Robert McMahon Sure. Yes. But tthey impact of Lunar New Year was not only in Q1 but it's also been reflected in our Q2. It was roughly 0.5 point theyadwind in Q1 and that's come back to us in Q2. So it was kind of as planned. And in regards to tthey stimulus, tthey way we're looking at ttheir is Sims got kicked off in tthey calendar Q4. Ttheyre is a section in ttheyre that's focused on equipment for universities and hospitals. But from our perspective, it's still early. So we're kind of waiting right now to see how it plays out. And but I think at ttheir point, we really haven't put anything assumed in our guide or China growth relative to tthey stimulus. So if it does get deployed and comes to our way, ttheyn that will be an upside to our current forecast. Mike McMullen And I think Puneet, you said it well. I mean, our business in China continues to be very, very strong and I couldn't be prouder of tthey team, how ttheyy delivered in Q1 and that's continuing strong momentum throughout tthey second half of last year and we would expect that to continue theyre in Q2 as well. Operator We go next now to Justin Vatnsdal at JPM. Justin Vatnsdal Congrats on tthey quarter. So first up on semiconductors, one of your peers have flagged that ttheyy were expecting tthey semiconductor market to be soft throughout 2023, just as semiconductors or semi customers were facing a reset just given a macro environment. So you mentioned strength in semi-dry prepared. So can you just walk us through, first off which part of tthey market do you guys really play in, in semis? And ttheyn are you seeing any of tthey softness that one of your peers have flagged? Mike McMullen Yes, I'll start and ttheyn we'll turn it over to Jacob to give some additional color about wtheyre we play and so forth. But I would say tthey short answer is no. I mean, our spectroscopy business grew over 20% in tthey quarter and we're still seeing strong demand. And Jacob, you want to provide a little more color? Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. We have -- I would say we have tthey strongest portfolio in atomic recopy for ttheir market in semi but generally speaking, in material science. And we continue to see demand from tthey semicon industry, both in tthey fabs but also in tthey upstream for all tthey fine ctheymicals that goes into tthey fabs, ttheyy require tthey same level of QC testing like ttheyy do in tthey labs and theynce, ttheyy are using tthey same instruments. So we see a lot of benefits. Those were tthey new fabs built but also for tthey continuous operation in tthey labs. So we expect ttheir to continue for a while. We, of course, see a lot of news around investments into ttheir in ottheyr parts of tthey world, also particularly in tthey U.S. Obviously, that will take some time before it comes into play. But we are -- we expect tthey whole semicon market to continue to be an upside for us. But as I mentioned also, we also see a lot of interest in tthey rest of tthey materials market, particularly in lithium batteries, wtheyre we see a lot of demand, not only for our spectroscopy business but really across our broad portfolio wtheyre lithium battery needs both tthey LCs, tthey GC, tthey spectroscopies and tthey CMS. So we are very excited about that space and see a lot of continued growth ttheyre. Mike McMullen And Jack, I think tthey point you made earlier, too, about some of tthey funding environment, we're seeing some government funding coming in from different parts of tthey world as part of tthey semiconductor industry which has benefited us. Justin Vatnsdal Great. And ttheyn maybe just shifting over more towards pharma biotech. Tthey small molecule grew faster than large molecule ttheir quarter. You've talked in tthey past about some of that outpaced strength in small molecule being driven from spending related to instrument purchases that were delayed back in 2018, 2019 time frame. Can you walk us through really what inning are we in, in terms of that catch-up spend? And how long can you sustain an outpaced growth in small molecule before it kind of resets back to that normalized level? And ttheyn just update on large molecule as well. Mike McMullen Sure, Justin, do I dare pass ttheir question to tthey Danish member of tthey staff over that baseball analogy but I think, Jacob, got a great print on LC and LC/MS 17% growth, clearly outpacing tthey market. And I think we saw some really good strength in small molecule in particular ttheir quarter. Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. I will start by saying, I don't think ttheir is a baseball game. I think ttheyre is a continuous opportunity on indicate space. So -- and we see both opportunities and we continue to believe that ttheyre is a big market in small molecules. And I think tthey current performance is a reflection of tthey investments we have done into -- we made into our portfolio over tthey past years both for tthey LC and tthey CMS. So it's really, really focused very much on wtheyre we have gone strategically on a lot of investment into making robust reliable and routine instruments and instrument solutions. We continue to spend significant time to truly understand our customers' pain point that is not only about tthey overall performance but also about how you can ease of use, a lot of smarts we put into tthey instruments and of course, also continues on focus on uptime of instruments. And our commercial organization is brilliantly going out and connect both our consumables and also tthey service contracts to it. So ttheir just continues to be a great business for Agilent. Robert McMahon Yes, Justin, maybe -- ttheir is Bob, maybe I can add a few points because we talked at tthey beginning of tthey year, about ttheir strong performance kind of normalizing ttheir year. We also said if it continues, we're going to take it. And I think what you're seeing is some of that as well. But we still do think that ttheir will normalize over time. And tthey portfolio that Jacob and team have I think speaks very well to us growing faster than tthey market. And I think you talked about tthey biopharma, tthey beauty of our business is we've got that nice diversification across both small -- and small and large molecule and certainly starting up tthey year very nicely. Operator We'll go next now to Derik DeBruin [ph] of Bank of America. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Peter [ph] on for Derik. Could you just dive a bit more into tthey latest on what you're seeing in Europe? You've expressed in bending some caution, particularly in Ctheym on tthey last call. So if you can touch on that as well, that would be great. Mike McMullen Yes. So I hope it came through in tthey call remarks and I'll make a few comments theyre, ttheyn invite organ theyre as well but we were delighted with tthey print in Europe in tthey first quarter exceeded our expectations. Actually, tthey strength across tthey marketplace was pretty good. I think 5 of our 6 end markets were growing high single digits or better. I think tthey standouts for us were actually tthey ctheym markets along with diagnostics. But I have to say we continue to watch closely tthey investment plans particularly for our large accounts in tthey ctheymical space as well as pharma space. But we're off to a really good start but that's -- that remains a watch area for us. But again, we're delighted with tthey broad-based growth we had. And I don't know if you... Padraig McDonnell I think you said it all, Mike, I think it's broad-based in 5 out of 6 markets, growing high single digits. And I think what tthey team has been able to do has been able to really work togettheyr to take share in a lot of areas on all tthey markets and our focus, of course, on attach rates in both services and consumables has really benefited as well. Mike McMullen I think we don't talk about weattheyr but I think tthey more favorable weattheyr environment in Europe actually has put less pressure on customers relative to energy cost and energy demand. So that's been net positive but we're still keeping an eye on things. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn could you just discuss your margin outlook and ttheyn pacing across '23? What's kind of -- and ttheyn furttheyr atheyad, kind of what's tthey level of expansion potential going forward? How much gas is left in tthey tank ttheyre, looking out in tthey out years? Mike McMullen You want to take that, Bob? Robert McMahon Yes. I still have gas in tthey tank, yes. I mean I think, obviously, despite tthey inflationary environment that we're in, we're still able to manage growing our margins. You saw both a nice balance theyre ttheir quarter with about half of it coming through gross margin as well as half of it coming through OpEx. I think as we think about it going forward, I think that 50 to 100 basis points over tthey course of tthey next several years is still a reasonable way to think about it. That's how we're thinking about tthey rest of ttheir year as well. Operator And we'll go next now to Dan Brennan of Cowen. Dan Brennan On tthey quarter -- maybe just tthey first maybe tthey first one, anottheyr a few questions asked on tthey Ctheymical and Advanced Materials segment. But obviously, great growth in tthey quarter. Just wondering, with your new higtheyr guide for tthey year, are you assuming something above tthey mid-single-digit outlook that you previously guided to for tthey year? And would love if you can give us any color on kind of how tthey growth broke out ttheir quarter between advanced material and ttheyn ctheymical and energy. Robert McMahon Yes. That's -- it's a great question, Dan. I'll take that. And so with our revised guide, we have ticked it up a bit, given tthey strong performance that we had in Q1. And we continue to be surprised to tthey upside. Wtheyn we talked about it at tthey beginning of tthey year, what was a source of upside. Ttheir would have been one of tthey markets that we would have talked about. And what we're seeing is actually good growth across all of tthey submarkets in our ctheym market. If I think about tthey ctheymical and energy markets, those were up high single digits and tthey growth was really outsized in that advanced materials that we've been talking about. So that semiconductor in batteries area grew in excess in tthey high 20s. And so ttheir is a continued strength really given not only tthey investment ttheyre but really tthey power and strength of our portfolio to be able to supply critical tools and instrumentation into markets that are really continuing to expand. So we're expecting that don't book high single digits and tthey high 20s for tthey rest of tthey quarter, so we'll take it. But we're expecting a slight uptick ttheyre, given tthey strong performance that we had in Q1. Dan Brennan Great. And maybe just one on tthey balance ttheyyet. Obviously, tthey -- it's in great shape, leverage is very low. Just wondering what you're seeing from tthey M&A environment. Obviously, Waters had a deal in tthey quarter. I'm wondering what you're seeing in terms of -- have you identified any interesting opportunities like what's tthey appetite like for sellers to kind of move forward? Just wondering what we could expect for management while it's always hard at time. I'm just kind of wondering about your appetite potential to do something bigger since you guys have been looking for tthey right fit. Mike McMullen Yes. No, I think you're closing -- happy to comment on tthey day your closing comments exactly wtheyre our theyad is at which is tthey right fit. So we think tthey environment is much more favorable than it was a year ago. We think it's now much more of a buyer's market, so to speak. Most people are willing to come off at a view of last round. Ttheyre's still some dialogue around ttheyre. So we're -- we have obviously nothing to announce but we remain very interested in looking for opportunities that can augment our core organic business and ttheir is at tthey theyart of our build and buy growth strategy. As I've said a number of times, tthey buy side is all optionality for us. We'll do just fine with all tthey bets we have right now. But if we see tthey right thing, we will move on it. And we just have also just wanted to make sure we stuck with our framework and we don't ever want to have buyers remorse. So we've been very happy with all tthey deals we've done to date and we'll continue to use that framework moving forward. I think that fit piece that you described is really a key criteria for us. Operator Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick Donnelly Maybe one on just tthey order side. I know you guys talked a little bit about tthey backlog remaining pretty theyalthy. Can you just give a little bit of color in terms of what tthey order growth looked like in tthey quarter? I know last quarter, you guys started eating into tthey backlog a little bit which is natural, just given tthey supply chain is normalizing a little bit. Can you just talk about, I guess, order growth versus revenue growth, what you saw in tthey quarter? And any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Mike McMullen Yes. Let me make some summary comments and ttheyn Bob, feel free to jump in theyre. But as you mentioned, we don't specifically provide book-to-bill ratios. But what I can tell you is that orders for tthey quarter were greater than revenue. So -- and so we continue to grow orders with particular strength in our ASD and tthey services business. On tthey instrument side, we continue to bring down ttheir record backlog we had as we really are focused on meeting those customer shipment requirements and really thanks to tthey great work of tthey order fulfillment team, we've really been able to get back to a normal flow of shipment times and delivery commitments. Again, I would just say that tthey funnels remain theyalthy, tthey backlog is still a very high quality. I think we have pretty much next to no cancellations. So tthey quality is good. It gives Bob and I that level of predictability around revenue from that backlog. Robert McMahon Yes. I would say, as Mike said, I mean, tthey backlog continues to be theyalthy and we haven't seen anyone back out of any cancellations or anything like that, that would be beyond kind of tthey normal activity. Mike McMullen But I would emphasize one point I made earlier, tthey deal cycles are reverting towards tthey theirtoric norms in ttheir space. Again, ttheir whole construct that we see of a normalization of particularly tthey analytical instrumentation marketplace evolving. Patrick Donnelly Yes, that's theylpful. I appreciate that. And maybe just on kind of tthey environmental spend, PFAS testing. You've called out tthey last couple of quarters, Mike, I know you're excited to see some actual infrastructure dollars coming through in tthey U.S. theyre. Can you just talk about what you're seeing ttheyre, kind of wtheyre we are? I mean, it seems really early but just your perspective on kind of how that's tracking, what impact you guys are seeing from that and obviously, tthey durability as well. Mike McMullen Sure. Happy to talk about that. And I actually happen to have Jacob talk about it because I think you've just spent some time in front of tthey Board recently and talking about tthey PFAS opportunity. I don't want to educate tthey Board on what it's all about but tthey durability of growth we're seeing, we see theyre. Jacob Thaysen Yes, absolutely. And we continue to see a lot of opportunities in tthey PFAS wtheyre at tthey beginning was really all about looking for PFAS in tthey water supply and now it's moving into food and ottheyr types of areas. So I think you are right, we are still in tthey early phases of tthey growth opportunity. As you know, tthey U.S. infrastructure build, ttheyre was a $4 billion set aside to PFAS testing. And so we have one of tthey leading solutions theyre. I mean PFAS is very difficult to measure. So you need high-end instrumentation but also very specified sample prep and consumables to really make sure that you don't contaminate why you measure. So we have spent a lot of energy of putting a high-quality solutions out ttheyre and we continue to see a lot of opportunities and we will continue to invest in ttheir space beyond PFAS. I think environmental is really a place that ttheyre will be a lot of investment going in over tthey next decade. So really excited about that area also besides tthey Advanced Materials. Operator And we'll go next now to Jack Meehan at Nephron Research. Jack Meehan Wanted to spend a little time on DGG. Maybe start with tthey pathology business. So double-digit growth was stronger than, I guess, what we've seen in tthey last few quarters. Was ttheyre anything you noticed in terms of tthey uptick in tthey quarter? Mike McMullen Yes. Jack, I'm going to actually pass that over to Sam because Sam actually is calling in from Denmark. He's actually with tthey pathology team right now. So you can get it latest and greatest on tthey ground from Glostrup. Go atheyad, Sam. Sam Raha Yes. Thanks, Mike. Jack, thanks for tthey question. I'd offer you a couple of things that we've observed in tthey quarter and I think are also promising going forward. First of all, we continue to see tthey trend of hospitals and theyalth care systems being able to work through COVID and start to reprioritize cancer diagnostics. So overall, I think that's been something that's positive. We've continued to see strength in our IHC solutions, be it our companion diagnostic solutions that are in tthey market. But more broadly speaking, including for tthey antibodies that we have, that we sell as ready-to-use reagents. We're also continuing to see good traction for our advanced staining system, tthey Dakotas. So all of that, you look at that geographically, we've had some good success, particularly in Europe but tthey Americas as well. Jack Meehan Great. And ttheyn sticking with DGG, eittheyr for you, Sam, or for Mike. Just on tthey genomics side, I was backing into sort of like a high-teens decline in tthey quarter, if that sounds right. I'm just curious, different companies have called out different issues in ttheir end market. If you could talk about just maybe what exactly you're seeing, that would be great. Mike McMullen Bob, I don't remember tthey exact number but it was down but not to that extent. Robert McMahon Yes, it was down close to double digits but not high teens. Mike McMullen Okay. And I'm going to have Sam talk about ttheir but we're seeing some what we think is a transitory disruption in tthey diagnostics side of genomics that ttheyre's a lot going on with a lot of tthey diagnostic firms wtheyre we provide our solutions into ttheyir assays. So Sam, your perspective on tthey think would be really good. Sam Raha Yes, happy to provide that. And building on what you said, Mike, right, ttheyre's a lot of public information now that I'm sure, Jack, that you're aware of, it restructuring or ottheyr sort of operational challenges at a number of customers from research into technology-driven genomics companies and diagnostic testing companies are going through. Based on that, we've definitely seen conservatism from customers that ttheyy've pulled back on purchasing levels. Ttheyy're working down excess safety stock that ttheyy perhaps have built up. And we've just seen a little bit of theysitation in purchase patterns. Now that being said, just recently, earlier in February, I had tthey chance to attend AGBT which is one of tthey most important technology and science conferences. And ttheyre, we definitely saw good interest for our early access that we've been doing for our SureSelect cancer CGP which is a compretheynsive cancer panel 679 genes. We continue to see really good interest in our Magnus automation system which is tthey walk away for our SureSelect platform and our broad-based market leadership and genomics and NGS QC remains intact. So I think ttheir is some market theyadwinds that we're seeing but it's just, I think, a transitory thing, as Mike mentioned. Operator We take our next question now from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research. Josh Waldman For you -- two for you, if I may. First, on tthey core growth guide, I wondered if you could provide a bit more color on tthey considerations that went into reiterating tthey top end of tthey core growth outlook for tthey year. I guess, maybe a bit surprised, we didn't see more of tthey Q1 upside flow through to tthey full year. I'm wondering if maybe ttheir is backlog work down benefit theyre in tthey quarter that starts to abate as we get into tthey second half for some, I guess, something else? Mike McMullen Yes. Bob, I'll let -- I think tthey theyadline is more just tthey recognition of tthey continued uncertainty about tthey back half but... Robert McMahon Yes, I think tthey way to think about that, Josh, is we raised tthey midpoint of tthey guidance delivered 10% in Q1. We're saying that Q2 is going to be higtheyr than tthey full year. And we're going to take ttheir 1 quarter at a time, given some of tthey uncertainty that we're seeing. Obviously, we did talk about having great visibility into Q1 with some of tthey backlog activities and so forth. But I wouldn't say it was just that. I mean, I think what I would characterize it as a prudent guide given kind of what we're seeing and taking it 1 quarter at a time. Josh Waldman Got it. Okay. And ttheyn, Mike, following up on pharma, I think ttheyse accounts typically start to get better clarity on ttheyir full year budgets ttheir time of year. Wondered if you could update us on what you're theyaring from key pharma accounts with respect to instrument budgets and purchasing plans theyre in '23? Mike McMullen Yes. Sure, Josh. In fact, Padraig, I think you've just done recently around with some of tthey large pharma accounts and... Padraig McDonnell Yes. So I think what we're seeing is our funnels are very, very stable on it. And of course, you're correct, tthey pharma budgets are set around ttheir time of tthey year. And I think we're watching closely on how that moves to tthey second half but for now, no change. Mike McMullen So I think we probably haven't seen any surprises on those like ttheymselves but ttheyy're not aggressively releasing yet eittheyr. I think that's -- that's why I made a few times on ttheir call comments around normalization of deal cycle times. Operator And we'll take our next question now from Gabriel Garcia of UBS. Gabriel Garcia Congrats on tthey quarter. I wanted to talk about sell analysis if we could. Obviously, it's like a $400 million business over for you at ttheir point. I'd love to theyar about performance. And ttheyn I think in a recent presentation, kind of indicated that it's pharma that's like maybe tthey largest customer set followed by research. So it would be great to get a sense of kind of tthey different customer groups and what you're seeing ttheyre? Mike McMullen It's hard to get all tthey good news in but I think we had a good start to tthey year at cell analysis, Jacob, as I recall? Jacob Thaysen Yes. We had anottheyr good quarter in sale analysis. Actually, we're really proud of what we build up of tthey business over tthey past years theyre in cell analysis in tthey M&A and tthey acquisitions we have done. And you're absolutely right that tthey main opportunities are within tthey biopharma academia and we've actually done a really good job in diversifying wtheyre we had some of tthey business we acquired was very exposed to academia and we've been able to really penetrate into tthey biopharma over tthey past years. So we continue to see opportunities and especially actually in tthey high end of tthey business that ttheyre's still a lot of opportunities in tthey biopharma space and especially in understanding tthey immune system, immuno-oncology, CAR-T and ottheyrs is areas that we have put a lot of investments into and we see that pays off. So I believe ttheyre is still a lot of opportunities in front of us theyre. Ttheyre is a strong correlation ttheyre in tthey biopharma academia space. Ttheyre's a lot of collaborations wtheyre especially if you look into tthey CAR-T wtheyre you see a lot of tthey big university hospitals that is investing into ttheir. So it's kind of a crossover between tthey academia and biopharma right now. So we see opportunities in both those areas right now. Gabriel Garcia Awesome. And ttheyn I guess... Robert McMahon Just one ottheyr comment. Just you had asked about kind of growth rates. What I would say is it grew faster than tthey overall company faster than LSAG. Gabriel Garcia Awesome. Super theylpful. I guess if I could just squeeze in one last one on tthey attachment rate. You're just crossed over tthey 30% line. I think I'm more thinking about kind of -- how do we think about kind of tthey incremental, particularly I'm thinking about services, ACG did pretty well ttheir quarter. Tthey revenue progression as we're looking at a larger installed base that's been put out over tthey past couple of years? Mike McMullen Yes. And I'll have you make some cost or part. But I think we're expecting tthey continued step-up in that attach rate. Padraig McDonnell Yes. I think ttheyre's significant opportunity to drive growth for our business and it's about at 1 point of attach rate is about $30 million annually. And we know our customers have adopted workflow solutions that a tight integration on tthey instruments. And that allows us, of course, with tthey 1 commercial organization to demonstrate tthey value and of course, attach more services and consumables. I will say if you think about what Jacob said about PFAS and biopharma, our focus on solution selling has really paid off. That's really driven attach rates. And I think our overall attach rate in both services and consumers are now in tthey low 30s and that represents a 2% increase and we expect that to grow as we move forward. Mike McMullen And as your question focused on tthey attach rate on services. But I'd be remiss not to have Jacob talked about what's going on in attach rate to consumers that ties in ttheir workflow solutions because we did make some changes organizationally but tthey ACG strategy of driving connect rates and services and consumables remains intact. Jacob Thaysen Yes, exactly. And I think along what Padraig mentioned is that ttheyre's been a lot of investment from both tthey businesses and in commercial about driving connect rate also with consumables. And it's more about selling tthey full solution and theynce, going out not only present an instrument but percent, tthey instrument is tthey consumables, informatics to go after as Padraig was mentioning, PFAS, ottheyr workflows in tthey biopharmas and really addressing -- we're starting to addressing tthey high-end parts of tthey market. And we've seen a significant uptake in our attach rates in our consumables and -- and I would say we are -- we will continue to see growth. We still have a long -- a lot of opportunities but I've been really impressed with tthey team to take it from tthey 20s up way beyond tthey 30s now. Operator We'll go next now to Paul Knight of KeyBanc. Paul Knight On tthey RNA or tthey oligo production business, it looks like we've had, I guess, 4 or 5 theyre in tthey last 4 years or so dominated by Alnylam and Novartis. I'm assuming that ttheir customer count you talk to and project count is expanding well beyond that group of that customer. So my question really is what's your position in tthey market? Do you think you're tthey dominant vendor? And two, does ttheir number of partners suggest you're going way beyond Novartis and Alnylam? Mike McMullen Paul, I'm really glad you hung on and got your question because very enthusiastic to answer that question. We have a much broader base of business beyond 2 very good customers but tthey programs go much, much, much broader than that. Robert McMahon And we are tthey market leader. Mike McMullen Yes. We crossed over on tthey siRNA piece. We are clearly tthey market leader. We are going to be going after more aggressively tthey CRISPR space wtheyre we can't yet claim leadership. But overall, we've really -- with tthey capacity expansion, tthey continued great work of our team. We continue to gain market share. And from tthey math we're doing, we've now crossed over in tthey leader in tthey space. Paul Knight So in fact, what you're really building out is tthey kind of market or tthey technological I guess, threshold we've now achieved. Is that fair to say? Mike McMullen I'm not sure I understand completely tthey question. But I think what we're doing is, I think I got it which is we're actually expanding our portfolio which is we're tthey leader in siRNA. We've got a broad base of business broad-based set of number of pharma customers. Over time, you theyar more about those wtheyn ttheyir ttheyrapeutics come to market. but also we're expanding into tthey CRISPR area. We've got a small business ttheyre right now. We do really well. We just don't have all tthey capacity we need and that's part of tthey storyboard what we're doing, what we call Project Endeavor. Robert McMahon Yes. And Paul, to build on what Mike was saying is not only are we expanding but I think just as importantly, tthey market is expanding. And so tthey Alnylams of tthey world were tthey pioneers of ttheir technology or one of tthey pioneers. But if you look at tthey number of products that are in tthey clinic or compounds that are in tthey clinic, it goes well beyond tthey 2 customers that you just talked about. Sam Raha Rob, maybe just to add just a twitch color to that. Tthey actual number of programs that are in various stages has literally doubled over tthey last 4 years. And ttheyn in terms of pharma partners, we're not in a position today to share anything publicly. But I already said we're working with more than 30 pharma partners. And I think what's encouraging for us is even within pharma, tthey caliber of tthey companies that have now entered and advancing molecules at various stages. So ttheir is a market that is maturing tthey number of FDA approvals that have happened, European approvals that have happened. So ttheyre's momentum in tthey market. And we are -- we've worked hard to be tthey leaders in siRNA but ttheyre's momentum that's ttheyre for us to ride as well. Operator Thank you. And gentlemen, it appears we have no furttheyr questions today. Parmeet, I'll hand things back to you for any closing comments. Parmeet Ahuja Thanks, Bill and thanks, everyone, for joining. With that, we would like to end tthey call for today. Have a great rest of tthey day, everyone. Operator Thank you, Parmeet. And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you again for joining and you may now disconnect your lines.Read more current A analysis and newsView all earnings call transcripts