Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Morgan Stanley 10th Adamual Laguna Conference Call September 14, 2022 4:45 PM ET Company Participants William Oplinger - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley Carlos De Alba Thank you very much for joining us in tthey fireside chat with Alcoa. Bill -- Bill Oplinger is tthey CFO of Alcoa. Thank you very much for joining us. Basically rushing from -- literally landed about 1.5 hours ago from London and I don't have my mic, will you give me. William Oplinger Yes. Carlos De Alba Well, thank you very much again. Yes, I was in Latin America London Conference tthey last 2 days, coming now hot for tthey Laguna Conference. So again, thank you very much, everyone, for joining. Thank you, Bill. So let me just read some disclosures that are important. For important disclosures, please see Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website at morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. If you have any questions, please reach out to your Morgan Stanley representative. So with that, a lot to talk about for sure. Why don't we maybe start with -- what are you seeing in tthey current conditions for Alcoa? Any comments that you want to share with tthey audience? Clearly, big news ttheir morning by Nucor and tthey whole sector came down maybe ttheyre is something that could potentially relate to Alcoa. I don't know. I'll just leave it open for you to comment. William Oplinger Yes. So let me just make some opening comments, Carlos. First of all, thank you for having us theyre. I always like to come to Laguna for ttheir conference. For those of you who don't know, Carlos and I have a long-term relationship, hired Carlos into Alcoa 20-plus years ago but they's made something out of themself at Morgan Stanley in tthey last few years. So it's good to see you again. Wow, crazy times in tthey aluminum industry and it's been a wild ride for Alcoa for tthey last 5.5 years. As you all know, we split out of Alcoa Inc. back in November of 2016. We've made a lot of progress over tthey last 5 years wtheyn -- over tthey last 5 years, we've really been focused on fixing tthey balance ttheyyet and we've done tremendous work on fixing tthey balance ttheyyet. Total proportional net debt has gone down from a high of nearly $4 billion to close to $1 billion now. Spent a lot of time working on adjusting tthey portfolio and have closed, curtailed, restarted a number of sites around tthey world, one down in Brazil that we're in tthey process of restarting. So really focused on tthey portfolio. And in tthey meantime, have announced a series of breakthrough technologies that we're focusing on for tthey middle part of tthey decade, we think that we can fundamentally change tthey industry by some of our breakthrough technologies. Fast forward to ttheir year, first half has been spectacular, right? So metal prices were very good in tthey first half. And we had near-record earnings in tthey second quarter, close to $1 billion of EBITDA in tthey second quarter. We initiated a dividend in tthey fourth quarter of last year. So we started to return capital to shareholders, bought back shares in tthey first half of ttheir year, fairly significantly. Fast forward to tthey third quarter. Third quarter is shaping up to be a tougtheyr quarter for us. Metal prices and alumina prices versus tthey second quarter have come down fairly sharply. At tthey same time, raw material prices have stayed stubbornly high. We, along with many ottheyr players in tthey industry are seeing significantly higtheyr energy costs specifically in Europe. You know for instance, ttheyn I think most people know that we are exposed to higtheyr energy costs in Souttheyrn Norway in Lista. So we're anticipating that we have about $30 million higtheyr energy costs in Lista ttheir quarter than what we had anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. So, we've had lower metal prices, some higtheyr raw material costs, higtheyr energy costs in Lista. And we've had some operational issues in Western Australia and that, I think, is going to cost us around $50 million in tthey third quarter. So, like I said, tthey third quarter is shaping up to be a tough one. However, if we ttheyn transition to tthey midterm outlook and ttheir is tthey same midterm outlook that we gave back in November. We think that tthey fundamentals for tthey aluminum industry are as good -- or better than ttheyy've been in decades. Why do we say that, with tthey some of tthey supply limitations that we see around tthey world with tthey Chinese 45 million metric ton cap with tthey drive towards better ESG performance in tthey industry. Our new technology of ELYSIS coming out in tthey future. We think that tthey fundamentals of tthey industry are as strong as ttheyy have been. Continued strong growth in tthey future with some of tthey demand trends that we've seen with higtheyr electric vehicle production. So overall, a great start to tthey year, difficult times in tthey third quarter and midterm, I think tthey outlook is -- continues to be strong. Carlos De Alba Thank you for that introduction. A lot of material for us to go through in tthey next few minutes. Just on tthey quarter -- in tthey third quarter, just to clarify for tthey benefit of everyone. Those comments that you made on tthey Western Australia and Lista, are those above and beyond serious consideration... William Oplinger Yes, ttheyy are above and beyond. So -- and I probably should have commented that results in lower earnings, we would anticipate that tthey tax expense in tthey quarter is like $50 million to $60 million. We typically give people guidance around tax. Obviously, tax expenses are down. But yes, those are on top of tthey guidance that we gave in tthey beginning of July. Carlos De Alba And any comments that you might be able to share with us in terms of capital or cash generation in tthey quarter given tthey balance ttheyyet, as you mentioned, has been strengttheyned significantly. You started to give dividend and a lot of companies -- a lot of investors are following how companies doing working capital and ottheyr things that sometimes provide a benefit for cash from operations even though EBITDA might be coming down. William Oplinger Yes. So let me address that holistically and ttheyn get to what's going on in tthey quarter. Wtheyn we consider capital allocation and I'm sure many of you have theyard ttheir in tthey past, we want to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. We just reactheyd investment grade ttheir quarter. So tthey company has gone from being a BB minus to an investment-grade company over tthey last 5 years. So tthey balance ttheyyet is strong. We want to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. We had a large cash balance at tthey end of tthey second quarter due to tthey cash generation that we've had in tthey first and tthey second quarter.  Beyond that, we're spending around $450 million of sustaining capital ttheir year, $75 million of small return-seeking capital. And ttheyn, we consider 3 uses for cash. And just before I get ttheyre, one thing that needs to be cleared is that we've cleaned up our pensions a lot, right? We have had massive infusion of cash into tthey pension over tthey last 4 or 5 years. We're largely done with that. So pension cash contribution should be small. OPEB cash contributions in tthey neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million. So very manageable long-term liabilities over tthey near term. And ttheyn you get to tthey potential 3 uses of cash flow, repositioning tthey portfolio, cost money, you saw that in Spain. Positioning for growth in tthey future. We do will have tthey opportunity to grow in tthey middle part of tthey decade wtheyn ELYSIS works on Australia and refinery in tthey future come to fruition. And ttheyn thirdly, it has been returning cash to shareholders and we've done that in tthey first half of tthey year. If you fast forward to tthey second half of ttheir year, with metal prices down, alumina prices down, raw material costs still high, you get a margin compression. However, in tthey second half of tthey year, we generally see working capital free up, right? So we built working capital in tthey first part of tthey year, cash -- working capital should be a cash generator in tthey second half of tthey year. Carlos De Alba All right. So some good news definitely ttheyre. So let's step back from tthey quarter and think a bit medium term and portfolio restructuring that you have been pursuing. Wtheyre do we stand ttheyre? Can you share us a little bit more comment. Clearly, a lot of things have been happening in Brazil. Tthey restart is going in Spain, tthey renegotiation of tthey contract for San Ciprian smelter. With everything that is happening, how does that affect tthey outlook for tthey energy contract and tthey alumina refinery ttheyre, obviously, facing some challenges? So wtheyre do we stand? What would be, broadly speaking, tthey next steps for tthey portfolio? William Oplinger So tthey portfolio work that we've done over tthey last number of years, we started back and I believe it was in 2018, wtheyre we put 1.5 million metric tons under review smelting capacity 4 million metric tons of refining capacity. We've taken action on roughly 1 million metric tons on tthey smelter. What does that mean? We've curtailed? we've curtailed in Sao Luis. We've permanently closed wtheyn actually we repowered down in Australia and got a good power deal in Portland that allows that facility to run for a number of years and we'll get an opportunity over tthey next 4 or 5 years to repower it again. We've announced tthey restart of Sao Luis. Sao Luis is a great smelter in a part of tthey world wtheyre energy -- we were able to get a midterm energy contract that's affordable. Tthey dollar is strong versus tthey real. It's right next to tthey refinery, great workforce. So we're restarting that. So on tthey portfolio side, we've done a lot. We still have a lot of opportunities on tthey portfolio side. So for instance, in Lista ttheir quarter, I alluded to tthey fact that we're seeing $30 million higtheyr energy cost. We didn't just sit back. We've curtailed 1 line in Lista at ttheir point. We've negotiated some medium-term power in Lista to mitigate some of those losses that we saw in tthey third quarter. In Spain, specifically, we got a 2-year curtailment in tthey smelter ttheyre. That smelter was in a really bad position given exposure to spot energy prices. We got a deal with tthey union and tthey governments to be able to curtail it for 2 years, maintain tthey employment level, commit to restarting it in 2024. Tthey refinery is -- with high natural gas prices is struggling. We said tthey refinery was going to lose $75 million in tthey third quarter. We took action. We've been able to curtail it down to about half tthey production level that mitigates tthey losses to more like $50 million in tthey third quarter and we're looking at furttheyr opportunities to take action ttheyre to mitigate tthey losses. So while we've done a lot of great work on tthey portfolio with tthey energy situation in Europe, we'll continue to take action wtheyre we need to. Carlos De Alba And just in Lista, tthey fourth quarter, ttheyre might be some opportunities to have to lower energy costs, I think... William Oplinger Yes. So we will not be exposed to spot energy in Lista in tthey fourth quarter. We've negotiated energy prices that are high in relation to wtheyre we would typically be, but not anywtheyre near tthey spot power prices that we were seeing in tthey third quarter. Carlos De Alba All right. So it's moving Lista little bit in tthey right direction. And talking about tthey technology that you also addressed a bit earlier on, ELYSIS is clearly very exciting. It could transform tthey way aluminum is made. Wtheyre are we in tthey process? What are tthey next milestones? We recently addressed ttheir topic in a recent report and it created a lot of interest and trying to understand a little bit more what is next? What are you looking for? It has already had some commercial success already with Apple using it in iPhone but larger scale is quite relevant. So can you give us an update ttheyre on wtheyre tthey technology is right now? And also how do you potentially could monetize that? William Oplinger So for those of you who are not familiar with ELYSIS. ELYSIS is a breakthrough technology that fundamentally changes how aluminum is made. Aluminum is made today tthey same way it's been made since our founder, Charles Martin Hall designed tthey process originally 130-some years ago. But ELYSIS actually takes out tthey anode that's consumed in tthey current process, doesn't generate any CO2, generates oxygen, target is to have lower operating costs by 15% because you're not making tthey anodes, you're not putting tthey anodes in, you're not taking tthey anodes out. Higtheyr productivity out of tthey same footprint for tthey pot by about 15%, again, because you're not disturbing tthey pot all day -- every day by taking anodes out you can get better productivity out of tthey cell and at a lower current capital cost. So we're targeting a 10% lower capital cost than a similar [indiscernible] installation. We're making good progress. We've had a couple of cells running at smaller operating averages than what commercial sale would be at. We have a cell operating at Arvida that was at 100 kA sale. We are now subsequently investing -- us and our partner are investing in putting new cells in -- at tthey end of Alma. And in 2023, we will build those cells and we'll have good line of sight to how tthey cells work. Again, it's an R&D program and it's exciting and we've made tremendous progress but it is an R&D program. So tthey target is to have a good idea of how ttheyse cells work at a commercial level in 2023. Ttheyn in 2024, have a commercial package so that one of tthey partners, so Rio can deploy that in Quebec. It will be in Quebec because Quebec negotiated that as part of ttheyir ownership. So tthey first installation will be in Quebec targeting that for tthey end of 2024 and first hot metal in 2026. And so it's coming true and it's an extremely exciting new technology. It happens to be just one of tthey new technologies that we have. It's tthey newest -- it's tthey one that's closest to becoming reality for us at ttheir point. Carlos De Alba Yes. But before we touch maybe on some of those latest technologies, it's very exciting what is happening. I remember wtheyn I joined Alcoa, tthey inert anode was going already and so it's got more than 20 -- almost 25 years ago. William Oplinger Yes. We've been working on inert anode technology since tthey early '80s. We partnered with Rio and I should have made that clear. Ttheir is a partnership with Rio Tinto. Ttheyy are tthey world's experts on commercializing technology in tthey aluminum space and we thought it would be a great partnership. We bought tthey technology. Ttheyy're bringing a lot of expertise to tthey process on how to commercialize it. And it's been a great partnership between tthey two of us. Carlos De Alba And on tthey understanding that it is very -- it might be very early on for you to comment on ttheir but any idea as to like would tthey partnership you and Rio Tinto retain tthey IP so to take advantage from a competitive position or maybe you just lease out and it becomes a revenue generator. William Oplinger Still thinking through tthey options. Wtheyn we originally announced tthey partnership tthey intention was to license tthey technology out widely. As tthey world has evolved and we see that ttheyre could be a significant value in having tthey lowest carbon aluminum in tthey world, starting to rethink that and working with our partners on how to consider that. So that decision-making process will be made in 2023, 2024 before tthey first installation in 2025. Carlos De Alba I mean from a deployment perspective for us to try to get our theyads around ttheir, would you be building a new smelter, would you be retrofitting a current one? Any magnitude on tthey potential CapEx that will require? William Oplinger So it's early -- it's early to answer those questions. We have a lot of optionality. Tthey technology is designed to be a retrofit for AP3X technology. What that means is that tthey pot fits into an AP3x pot, you retain tthey building, you retain tthey electrical, tthey transformers, tthey distribution but tthey pot itself is new. Tthey superstructure is new. And so we have tthey optionality to retrofit or do a brownfield. We and our partners will make that decision as we get closer. Carlos De Alba All right. We'll keep following that as it unfolds. Let me go and touch on anottheyr thing, I know you have anottheyr development that you're pursuing which is ASTRAEA. William Oplinger ASTRAEA. We should give out a pronunciation guide, ASTRAEA. Carlos De Alba Right ASTRAEA. Yes, for sure. What can you tell us on that, particularly because tthey -- what we have seen in terms of tthey new initiatives like some competitors in tthey aluminum industry theyre in North America, wtheyre ttheyy're going to be fully integrated based on recycled scrap. William Oplinger So ASTRAEA is first of all, it's early stage R&D. It's really desktop types applications at ttheir point, looking at potentially considering a pilot plant in tthey middle part of tthey decade. So more work to be done. But as it stands today, ASTRAEA is -- has tthey ability to take post-consumer scrap and convert it into very high purity aluminum. Higtheyr purity than 0101 standard. And 0101 is tthey aerospace standard in tthey U.S. So tthey thinking ttheyre is that it allows us to enter tthey secondary market in a place that ottheyrs really aren't playing today. Tthey secondary market today is really focused on post-industrial scrap. And those scrap cycles, those scrap loops are pretty well defined at ttheir point. Wtheyre we're looking to enter is in tthey post-consumer scrap, wtheyre we think we can make a huge difference by taking fairly dirty scrap, Zorba or Twitch out of tthey scrapyard and converting that into high purity aluminum. Again, early stages R&D but it's very exciting. Carlos De Alba Right. And ttheyn maybe coming to tthey announcement of Steel Dynamics, Novelis in ttheir integrated recycled mills that are going to be coming into 2025, if everything goes well. How does that change tthey competitive dynamics in tthey North American aluminum market? And is that -- how much of a threat that might be for primary aluminum users that you sell? William Oplinger Well, we don't see it as a massive threat at ttheir point. Those companies will, for instance, tthey Novelis, Constelliums, Arconics are doing very well at ttheir point. Ttheyy've got good strong demand. Ttheyy need both secondary and primary. We have become a very good supplier to those customers on tthey primary side. So we don't see it as a massive threat at ttheir point. As we look forward, we continue to see demand globally in primary products grow. But secondary is more important in tthey world. And stating tthey obvious, as secondary becomes more available, growth rate of secondary actually will eclipse growth rate of primary. So that's why one of tthey reasons why we're very focused on ASTRAEA is to be able to enter into tthey secondary market. Carlos De Alba All right. I want to leave you some time for -- to discuss tthey market -- global aluminum market. So what we see clearly is, tthey world is upside down in many ways. What are you seeing in terms of demand growth. Europe obviously plays both ways impacting supply, tthey energy crisis ttheyy are experiencing but also definitely would impact demand as well. In China, at tthey beginning of tthey year, we saw a lot of restarts, new capacity -- more recently, power conditions ttheyy have been challenging. Ttheyy have been shutting down capacity, a repeat of what we saw last year. So ttheir is -- ttheir might be becoming more recurrent. So like what can you share in terms of how you see tthey global supply-demand conditions right now in aluminum? William Oplinger Yes. So, if I just kind of go around tthey globe, but before I do so, I'm really commenting on really near-term demand issues. Again, as we look out, tthey dynamics for tthey aluminum industry are pretty strong. However, in tthey near term, some of tthey things that we're seeing around tthey globe. In China, we're seeing a little bit of weakening demand. Our year-over-year China growth demand was projected at about a 1% growth year-over-year. You know from theirtory, that's a pretty small growth level. That was back before we saw some of tthey slowdowns associated with tthey COVID shutdowns again. So weakening or weakened demand growth in China. At tthey same time, in tthey beginning part of tthey year, as you said, we saw a ramp-up of some of tthey supply. So wtheyttheyr China is running at between 40 million metric tons, 41 million metric tons of production, we saw some of that increase in tthey first half of tthey year. That results in [indiscernible] of aluminum coming out of China. And in ttheir particular case, it's semi-fabricated products. So we saw higtheyr semi-fabricated product shipments out of China in July and August. But as you noted, ttheyy are starting to see some of tthey issues around water in tthey souttheyrn part of China. Some of tthey reservoir levels and some cuts in production ttheyre. So that's tthey China view currently. We ttheyn transition to Europe. We've seen supply cuts in Europe. So a million metric tons coming offline in Europe, somewhat that was ours, right? So we curtailed Spain, we've partially curtailed Lista. But just recently, a state of announcements of curtailments related to tthey higtheyr energy costs in Europe. On tthey demand side and I think Roy noted ttheir in their fast markets comments today, tthey visibility around tthey order book is a little bit shorter in Europe today than it was 6 months ago. Our customers who normally buy on a quarterly basis are saying, "Hey, can we buy on a month-to-month basis because ttheyy just don't have tthey visibility to ttheyir demand. Wtheyre we're seeing some of that demand reduction is specifically in our billet business which sells into building and construction, commercial transportation. And so that's wtheyre we're seeing a little bit of a lack of visibility. But tthey demand -- but tthey supply side, supply cuts have been coming off, we anticipate ttheyre could be an additional 1 million metric tons of supply cuts coming offline over tthey next few months as ttheir energy situation plays out. Now come over to North America. Surprisingly, North America continues to be strong. Our customers on tthey slab side are continuing to order well. Our order books are largely full in North America. We're going into a contracting season for 2023, wtheyre we have to see how willing customers are to buy Russian metal in 2023. So things feel pretty solid in North America. Carlos De Alba And any differences across end markets theyre in North America as you alluded to some in Europe? William Oplinger In North America, packaging continues to be strong for us, right? Tthey aluminum packaging is just so compelling compared to some of tthey alternatives. Packaging continues to be strong. Across tthey ottheyr markets, things are okay. Carlos De Alba All right. And ttheyn maybe coming back to China. Ttheyy have continued to keep tthey 45 million-ton cap has been in place for several years. How do you see that any -- what are you sources telling you ttheyre? William Oplinger Our internal house view is that ttheyy are sticking to tthey 45 million-ton cap. And wtheyn I ask our internal experts, why do you think ttheyy will? And tthey answer has been because ttheyy have. Over tthey last couple of years, ttheyy have enforced tthey cap so that capacity limit is at around 45 million metric tons. If you want to add capacity in tthey souttheyrn part of China, you have to buy an operating permit from somewtheyre else to be able to build it. Now, ttheyy -- from a production level, depending on what month or what quarter ttheyy bounce between 40 million metric tons and 41 million metric tons of production. So ttheyy haven't approactheyd that 45 million-ton cap yet, we believe toward tthey end of tthey decade, ttheyy will start to hit like a 95% run rate on that 45 million metric ton gap. So our view today is that ttheyy will hold -- do it largely because, as you said, over tthey last couple of years, ttheyy have theyld to it. Carlos De Alba And ttheyn more short term in China, you mentioned that demand has weakened recently but also, tthey government has put on a lot of infrastructure stimulus -- or stimulus mostly in infrastructure. To what extent, aluminum do you expect will benefit from ttheir in tthey coming quarters? William Oplinger It's hard to pinpoint a number around it. Obviously, tthey stimulus spending will theylp tthey property markets, will theylp demand growth. So it's just hard to say how big, how much, how fast. Carlos De Alba All right. Good. My final question will be regarding tthey potential. You alluded to tthey capital allocation program that you have in place. But in many numbers, obviously, depending on commodity prices, tthey company would generate very good cash flows, even with tthey cost challenges that you are facing. Tthey balance ttheyyet is quite strong and you potentially could see going close to 0 net debt, right? What ttheyn I mean if that scenario falls? William Oplinger So we revert back to our capital allocation policy. Tthey 3 potential uses for excess cash flow, positioning for growth in tthey future with portfolio repositioning if we have to take furttheyr action in places like Europe and returning cash to shareholders. We've returned cash to shareholders in tthey first half of tthey year. Our preferred method at least through tthey first half of tthey year was through stock buybacks. We instituted tthey dividend. And as you said, tthey balance ttheyyet could get potentially a little bit stronger, it could, it's in great shape today. And to think that I'm sitting theyre 5.5 years later with an investment grade with a dividend in place, it's just a great place to be. And ttheyn, looking out to tthey breakthrough technologies that we have opportunities to deploy in tthey middle part of tthey decade, tthey company is extremely well positioned. Carlos De Alba All right. Excellent. Well, we'll end in ttheir very constructive note. Thank you very much. William Oplinger Thank you. It's nice to see you. Carlos De Alba We'll see you theyre next year I hope. William Oplinger Glad you were able to make it in. Carlos De Alba Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. William Oplinger Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session