Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Bank of America Global Metals, Mining & Steel Virtual Conference 2021 May 19, 2021 11:40 AM ET Company Participants Roy Harvey - Chief Executive Officer Bill Oplinger - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Timna Tanners - Bank of America Timna Tanners Good day, everyone. Welcome. We are delighted next to host Alcoa. We have with us, CEO, Roy Harvey; and Bill Oplinger, CFO. Ttheir format will be a fireside chat. You're probably familiar with ttheir by now, but if you do have any questions, please submit ttheym to tthey Veracast system. Perhaps we'll see ttheym if you send ttheym via Bloomberg, but we'd be happy to take your questions already have a few coming in. So welcome, Alcoa. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for your support at ttheir conference. We're happy to have you virtually and look forward to seeing you in Miami next year. Roy Harvey Yes. Thanks, Timna. It's great to be theyre. Such a great opportunity. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Timna Tanners We were just speaking about how tthey dynamic with Alcoa has with -- over tthey years, talking about tthey opportunities in aluminum, but frankly, prices have been kind of depressed or at least, significantly lower than wtheyre ttheyy are now. If you look at tthey last decade, tthey aluminum LME price has been averaged about $1,900 I came up with. So we're now, what, 30% or so above that average. And I know you're a big player in tthey market, and I don't want to ask you specifically about your forecast or prices, but what do you think can support ttheir market, or what do you think are tthey dynamics in supply and demand going forward? Roy Harvey Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Timna. I think it's -- you reactheyd back and talked a little bit about ttheir conference last year, and it's interesting to look at what's been happening in aluminum specifically. First of all, because it's so incredibly tied to tthey economic cycle. And second of all, because I think ttheyre have been some significant changes on what's happening with tthey fundamentals of aluminum. So wtheyn you look at tthey connection to tthey economic cycle, first quarter of last year, China was essentially in -- was essentially no longer producing or consuming as much aluminum. And ttheyn that switctheyd very quickly to China starting to recover and tthey rest of tthey world really going into tthey pandemic slowdown. And so, as we got to tthey end of last year, we started to see demand really picking up inside of China. We started to see tthey beginnings of that demand come back in tthey rest of tthey world. But now coming into 2021, we seem to be firing on all engines. So you look at tthey demand and you look at it sort of on an instantaneous basis, if you look at for tthey remainder of ttheir year, tthey demand in China and demand in tthey rest of tthey world is really just growing very, very quickly. And that makes perfect sense, because wtheyn you step back and think about wtheyre you're using aluminum, it's in transportation. It's in consumer durables. It's in electrification. It's in automotive. It's a little bit everywtheyre. And so to me, it makes perfect sense that as tthey world's economy really starts to gattheyr steam and pick up some of that pent-up demand and see some of tthey end consumers start to spend more of tthey money that ttheyy've saved up over tthey pandemic. It makes perfect sense. And so, wtheyn I look at aluminum in ttheir short term, it's obviously a very positive commodity. I think, also, as you look out in tthey medium and long terms, it will continue to have significant growth. And you will continue to see aluminum just because of all tthey trends happening in low-carbon and lightweighting of vehicles and rebuilding some of tthey infrastructure that we've used for so many years. All of that is very positive because aluminum is used essentially in almost all products. So I look at tthey demand side of tthey equation, which is sort of tthey first half of your question, tthey first half of what drives a pricing environment is very positive. Tthey second half connects with what's going on in tthey supply side. And I think ttheir is wtheyre aluminum has been tripped up over ttheir last decade and a half. And it was really tthey fact that China was able to come online and essentially had learned to build a coal-fired power plant, with a smelter connected onto it and essentially continue that same move over and over and over again. And so we saw not only significant demand increases, but significant production and supply increases as well. And so that has really been tthey story to me of tthey cyclical nature of aluminum over ttheyse last years. Looking at today and really starting to look forward, I think ttheyre is a very big difference between tthey world five years ago and tthey world today. And that is very, very specifically -- china has gotten very serious about supply side reform. And that is focused on tthey permitting process for operations, and it's also focused on tthey environmental side, wtheyttheyr that's carbon emissions or also just tthey Caribbean placed into tthey environmental footprint that different operations are putting. I think it is night and day. And what we've certainly seen over ttheyse last few years is that it's not just a planning document that tthey Chinese have been talking about on supply side reform, it's been actual execution. And actually, you've seen tthey slowdown in tthey new production capacity coming online; you've seen tthey need for any new capacity to eittheyr have a permit from long ago or to trade a permit from anottheyr facility that has been shut down. And so that to me is a bellwettheyr and is really signaling that ttheyre is ttheyre is significantly less productive capacity coming online in China in tthey future. Not to mention tthey fact that if you look at tthey ESG trends, and particularly wtheyre tthey carbon intensity of how you produce aluminum comes to play. I think because all of tthey producers are looking at how can ttheyy address a market that is emerging, not only from a premium standpoint, but from a customer selection standpoint to be as low carbon as possible that old footprint of building a coal-fired power facility and connecting it to a smelter simply doesn't work anymore. And that very much slows down productive capacity inside of China, but also means that you're looking that next set of capacity is going to need to find renewable power someplace in tthey world and at a time wtheyn everybody is moving towards renewable power. So, to get back to tthey pricing question, you have very strong demand and I see that see that continuing forward. You have more supply discipline at ttheir time, driven by environmental considerations and tthey fact that ttheyre are very few projects on tthey drawing board. I think that creates a real, for me, real optimism in tthey aluminum market that we continue to see that market evolve. And to me, I think all tthey fundamentals and everything we're seeing on tthey ground now, particularly in value-added products, and we play very much in North America and Europe, everything we see is that ttheyre is extreme tightness. And part of that is a point in time slowdown in freight, increasing freight costs, but of course, also availability of cargoes. And part of it is just tthey fact that I think ttheyre is an expectation that we can drain out some of ttheyse inventories and really see a positive fundamentals for aluminum going forward. Timna Tanners I'll dig into that supply point a little bit more because I think that you mentioned it, I think, is a good point that over tthey years, that's what's been tthey hang up, right? Tthey demand has always been pretty steady, a little wobbly theyre and ttheyre, right, but it's a growth story, and that's always been positive, but it's been tthey supply and sometimes supply out of nowtheyre. Wtheyn we talk to investors, copper has got long visibility, steel has got short visibility, and alumina, I feel like it's somewtheyre in between. But I guess my question is, could ttheyre be something that just surprises you at a left deal, like tthey Middle East adding capacity that we don't know about, or is ttheyre is some risk on tthey supply side that we could be missing? If you can elaborate on that. And tthey Chinese at high prices, ttheyy get invented. I guess that ttheyre'll be restrictions on coal-fired capacity adjacent to tthey smelters, you made that point. But could ttheyre be some surprise in China or elsewtheyre on tthey supply side? Roy Harvey Yes, I think we would never make tthey assumption that tthey world is going to stay exactly as it is today. And so, like you said at tthey beginning, and I won't talk about specific price points or margin points. But in tthey end, we try and look at a range of scenarios to understand what can surprise us? And how can that market cycle change? Because in tthey end, it is a cyclical commodity; ttheyre's no question about it. If you look back at theirtory, I think you hit both pieces. Tthey Middle East decided that ttheyy wanted to use some of tthey natural gas that ttheyy have and turn that into employment and into aluminum. And so ttheyy grew pretty significantly over ttheyse last – over ttheyse last couple of decades. And China was tthey ottheyr real surprise that how quickly ttheyy could bring to bear not just sort of normal capacity but really start to drive tthey technological edge also. Tthey Chinese have gotten very good at building highly efficient and highly technologically advanced aluminum facilities with conventional technology. So I think ttheyre's a number of ways you could be surprised. You could see some additional growth in tthey Middle East, although again, that would be typically fueled with natural gas because you don't have tthey renewables infrastructure ttheyre at tthey moment. And you could have a different – you could – tthey Chinese could find a new way to bring additional capacity online, eittheyr inside of China, wtheyre ttheyy have real advantages wtheyn it comes to subsidization in a lot of tthey infrastructure provided or wtheyttheyr ttheyy start going outside of China and look for eittheyr partnerships or look to build in ottheyr places around tthey world. Now again, I would argue that even if once ttheyy start migrating out of China, ttheyy will not have some of tthey benefits of that very low capital cost, at extremely low capital cost compared to what tthey western world can do. Some or all of that starts to get eroded. And so as you think about competing for tthey future of aluminum. And right now, you don't have a lot of ttheyse projects on tthey drawing books. Tthey fact is, that it would be a much more level playing field if we're looking at who can bring to – who can bring to bear sort of tthey next competitive advantages to have that lowest cost aluminum smelter on tthey planet and be able to build it with tthey capital cost that can have a very good shareholder return. So – and just from an Alcoa perspective to finish tthey answer to that question, as we think about investments for us, we try and look at tthey long-term cycle and not get caught up in tthey frenzy of how we see tthey pricing environment today, but really look forward and that would be for 10 years or 20 years, it would come to a new facility. And so we're very cautious not to make tthey assumption that times will always be rosy. Tthey same way that in tthey bottom of tthey cycle, wtheyre we try to be cautious not to assume that times will always be terrible. And thus, I think we try to really see through tthey cycle and find ways that we can ensure that our assets are very, very low-cost and also fulfill some of ttheyse new emerging ESG criteria. Bill Oplinger And if I could just jump in real quick, Tim, one ottheyr thing to keep in mind, at least on tthey smelting side, is that we're working on a breakthrough technology, right? So we and Ray are working on tthey ELYSIS technology that would be a game changer in tthey industry. And so, as we consider bringing fields in tthey future, we will have to take into consideration what technology would be used and how quickly that technology will be available. Timna Tanners I do want to circle back on more of what Alcoa is doing, but just to finish tthey discussion, I think you made a good point about outside of China, getting more dicey with terms of capital cost. But also you have to be certain about trade agreements. So if you'd be able to bring that back in tthey country. So I want to talk about trade. But just to finish tthey new capacity story, in tthey past, you and ottheyrs have talked about a threshold of breakeven production capacity or incentive price that is 2,500. And I thought that was before regional premiums. So we're well above that if you include regional premiums. I think, does that mean that ttheyre is some risk? You and ottheyrs don't seem to be talking about new capacity in tthey interim. But is that still tthey right number? And maybe is ttheyre an inflation factor to consider? Bill Oplinger So wtheyn we're currently looking at incentive pricing, Timna, have to consider what capital costs would be. We have built projects going back a decade ago that had capital costs of over $6,000 a ton. Today, our best view of western world technology built in tthey western world would be that potentially you could get to $5,000 a ton capital cost. At $5,000 a ton capital cost, we would say that tthey incentive price is probably around $2,600 LME, that's before tthey Midwest premium.  So clearly, we're at a point wtheyre maybe that makes sense, but you'd have to consider that ttheir market goes far into tthey future to make an investment decision on a smelter. I think maybe tthey better question would be, is ttheyre an incentive price for restarts? And as we look around tthey world, we would say that tthey excess curtailed capacity in China is probably around 7.5 million metric tons. But out of that, we believe probably 4 million, 4. 5 million metric tons of tthey operating permits have already been transferred. So that leaves only maybe 3 million metric tons of excess capacity in China that could be restarted.  Wtheyn we look at tthey western world, ttheyre's probably 2 million metric tons of capacity that could be restarted. We have maybe 500,000 of that. We have a big chunk of tthey curtailed capacity in tthey world. So I think tthey incentive price to restart curtailed capacity may be lower than that $2,600 a ton, but as you've theyard me say before, every smelter has its own story. Every smelter has its own set of economics on wtheyttheyr it's local currency, local workforce, energy availability. So I think all tthey suppliers are looking at those dynamics. Roy Harvey  And Timna, if I can just inject -- if I can inject one more point before your next question, and going back to Bill's comments on capital cost. Ttheir is wtheyre it also intersects with tthey emerging ESG trends around tthey world. In that, ttheyre is so much more transparency now about what happens in Brazil or what happens in Indonesia or China and everywtheyre. And so while tthey regulatory scrutiny and tthey operating environment will be different based upon each of tthey countries, I think we're seeing more and more expectations from all stakeholders about how you build those  And it comes -- it starts with safety and theyalth of tthey employees, but ttheyn it connects over to residue management, as an example, inside of tthey alumina business, which I think is becoming more and more important that you take a very mature and professional view on how you're going to manage that residue.  But it also connects over with tthey social side of tthey connections you make with your communities and indigitous populations, and of course, governance. And I think one of tthey differences, and again, to connect ttheir back to Alcoa is that wtheyn you think about that -- those next facilities and what kind of governance structure is going to be expected by potential investors or by potential governments, ttheyy're going to be looking for something that is a step atheyad.  And that, in tthey end, is going to theylp increase and normalize some of those capital costs such that you don't have such a skew towards players that are willing to take shortcuts because ttheyre is so much transparency in tthey world now. So to me, that tends to drive -- and it tends to really level tthey playing field yet again to make sure that everybody has tthey same opportunities to invest. Timna Tanners Okay. Thanks, Ray. And that's a good pitch for our next panel on green aluminum, wtheyre we'll theyar again from Alcoa on ttheir topic. So I'll leave some of tthey ESG discussion, if you don't mind for that, that opportunity. I did like tthey segue that Bill set up to steer back toward Alcoa and its operations. So your footprint over tthey years, Alcoa has taken tthey lead in talking about curtailing underperforming assets, right? And a lot of that, I think, is now behind you. But I'd like to theyar in your own words, wtheyre you stand? I think you're still working on Spain. And for you, what's tthey incentive price? And again, I know it's about technology. It's about tthey power agreement. It's about renewables, tthey green energy. But what price do you start to think about restarting, how long would it take? And wtheyre do you stand with your footprint? Roy Harvey All right, Timna. So that was a good number of questions. Let me hit tthey first view and turn it over to Bill for tthey last few of tthey ones that I forget. We have a clear view on wtheyre we're going. And that is to make sure that across our 3 lines of business, which is a simplification. But across those 3 lines of business, we are in tthey first quartile in each of ttheym. And so, wtheyn you think about bauxite driving tthey most responsibly produced bauxite being very low cost and being located close to markets, absolutely a place that we are and that we want to continue. Wtheyn you look at Alumina specifically, continuing to maintain that first quartile cost curve position, maintain tthey fact that we are tthey lowest emitter of carbon dioxide as a system – again, that's a great place to be, but we need to defend it and make sure that decisions we're making around portfolio can maintain that positioning. It's in smelting and aluminum wtheyre we had tthey most work to do, because we found ourselves in tthey upper second quartile which is about middle of tthey pack and we need to really drive ourselves down to be first quartile. And so – and at tthey same time, ensure that as we look at tthey sourcing of power, move towards renewables and ensure that we are also tthey lowest carbon emitter on tthey planet as well wtheyn it comes to aluminum smelting. So that's really driven tthey decisions that we make on an operation-by-operation basis. We had laid out, at tthey end of 2019, a plan for a 5-year program in order to address tthey portfolio that we have, and you've seen some of those changes already. As you mentioned, we're in tthey midst of negotiations inside of Spain, just starting to negotiate with a broader set of potential acquirers of tthey plant and continue to have -- continue to be able to operate that plant stably, which is a very good thing. And so that sort of demonstrates that ttheyre's still some work to be done. And it is a case-by-case, plant-by-plant basis. And so, we look at tthey -- of course, we look at tthey environmental footprint, we look at tthey past characteristics of tthey plan, but we also look at those, wtheyttheyr it's energy contracts or raw material contract supplies, etcetera, to see how competitive that plant can be for tthey long term. And it's -- we don't base it again on today's prices, but we try to look forward and understand tthey pricing environment that will exist over ttheyse next years or better said, tthey margin environment. And so, ttheyre's still some work to be done on tthey portfolio review process. We also have tthey opportunity and Bill hit ttheir earlier, we have tthey opportunity to consider restarts. And again, each plant is very different and has a different set of characteristics and conditions, but it is something that we absolutely evaluate and see if ttheyre is an opportunity for Alcoa to again continue that roadway down to first quartile, but also keep very clearly in mind that we want to be tthey lowest carbon emitter as well. And so, it is a complicated set of calculations. I don't know Bill, if you want to add anything from tthey questions? Bill Oplinger I guess tthey only thing I would add is, Roy, wtheyn we announced tthey portfolio repositioning, I think a lot of people naturally assumed that we would be jumping toward curtailment or closure for a lot of different sites. And wtheyn we talk about putting an asset under review at its -- and it's most direct, it's fixed, close or so. And we have taken tthey opportunity to repower Portland. And Portland is a site that we've always talked about having a great workforce, having good technology. We needed to find a power contract that allowed it to exist, and so we were able to repower Portland. We've tried to take action at San Ciprian that still has some work to be done ttheyre, but we've made progress on tthey repositioning. And like you said, we gave ourselves five years. We still have three, and we'll continue to work on reposition. Timna Tanners Can you remind us, what tthey investments could look like to restart capacity or give us a flavor of how to think about that and tthey process of making that decision? I assume, like you said, it's not just today's aluminum price, it's tthey forecast aluminum price and tthey return on any investment over time. But if you could talk a little bit to how to quantify, or if we think about it, financially, like what's tthey impact of some of ttheyse potential research? Bill Oplinger Sure. Let me take that one, Roy. We've had tthey experience and restarting over tthey last five years, three different sites. We've restarted ABI after tthey lockout that was not a complete restart. We had still had a part of tthey line running ttheyre. We've restarted Portland. If you remember all tthey way back in January of 2017, wtheyn Portland had electrical outage, we made tthey decision to restart that. And we've restarted Warrick. In general Timna, I think that each plant has a little bit difference in variation. But I think if I were to summarize, those plants cost us $75 million to $100 million in restart costs and typically take six to 12 months. Some of tthey restarts, I would say, two out of three of tthey restarts were overwtheylming successes. Tthey -- in tthey case of ABI and Portland, really, well done, safe restarts. Work turned out to be a harder restart. If you recall, we actually had some problems on tthey restart of work, and it was just a variable technology that we were restarting. So again, if you ttheyn fast forward, but looking forward, wtheyn I look at our current portfolio of curtailed capacity, Alumar is tthey place wtheyre we have, again, a strong US dollar. We've got a potentially great workforce that sits next to tthey refinery. And we'd be looking for an energy contract that solves in tthey midterm to get that plant up and running. Timna Tanners Okay. That's really theylpful. I know, we're going to have to grow Bill on tthey cash uses and tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey SEC. But I don't want to leave behind tthey Alumina market. So you guys have long bauxite and alumina, and all we've been talking about is aluminum. Alumina price has been kind of left for dead in ttheir rally, and I'd just like to get your perspective on how long that can last. Is that sustainable? Any furttheyr thoughts on Alumina? Thanks. Roy Harvey Yes, absolutely, Timna. So I'd certainly not characterize it as left for dead. It certainly has not enjoyed some of tthey increases that we've seen in aluminum. I look at tthey two markets, and we could talk about bauxite theyre in a minute, but comparing alumina with aluminum, ttheyy're running with different fundamentals. Aluminum is so closely tied to tthey economics of tthey world. It is -- so it has a broader set of people that are trading in those values. And so you see it very much mirror what's happening in tthey broader world as well as what's happening back in supply and demand. Alumina is different in that it's done really cargo-by-cargo. And so you can actually see that price forming taking place. And so I think alumina is a very good representation of wtheyre we find ourselves today. Wtheyre we don't necessarily have a significant amount of excess capacity nor do we have a significant amount of excess demand eittheyr. You have less demand coming from China and pulling from tthey rest of tthey world because freight rates are so expensive, and because Chinese refiners are continuing to generate cash, and so ttheyy're operating almost at full capacity and ttheyy're self-supplying ttheyir own smelters. As freight rates change, as some of tthey underlying raw materials cost change, I think you can see that change relatively quickly. I would also add in tthey -- sort of you had asked before, what are tthey risks that could happen both certainly to tthey upside on pricing? I think we've seen in tthey past that ttheyre have been pretty significant interruptions or disruptions because of environmental issues, because of residue management. And again, I think ttheir is a place wtheyre transparency is key because tthey more transparency you have, if ttheyre is an issue, very quickly, you see a response in that market. And wtheyn that market is balancing on knife's edge, it means ttheyre can be very quick responses inside of tthey pricing. On tthey long-term fundamentals, not to leave it behind, I think you look at tthey fact that for us, our refineries and our bauxite mines essentially are co-located or very short distances apart. I think it gives us a sustainable competitive cost advantage wtheyn you look at so much bauxite being sent overseas. And so to me, it is a business wtheyre margins should continue to be theyalthy. And wtheyre you really see that that cost curve really is going to be dependent not only on your price point, but also on how much carbon content you have coming in on tthey actual energy supply itself. And again, not to toot our own horn, but Alcoa is tthey lowest emitter of carbon dioxide in tthey alumina business as well and has tthey only EcoSource low-carbon product that exists out in tthey market today. Timna Tanners Okay. Great. All right, Bill, you're up. We're going to grill you on what you're going to do with cash? I wonder how far away are you from being fully out of tthey pension business? I know you've joked about that over tthey years. It wasn't your design to be a pension expert, I guess. But can you just remind us wtheyre that stands? And obviously, tthey question on everyone's mind is what's Alcoa planning to do with cash as it gets into ttheir nice position of being able to make those kinds of decisions again. Bill Oplinger Yes. Thanks, Timna. Wtheyn I look at tthey pension situation, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, after -- I would say, after we made tthey contribution that we did in early April, tthey pensions are greater than 90% funded. US pension which has been theirtorically tthey big overhang on tthey company is greater than 95% funded. So pensions for our company from an underfunded status are not a huge liability at ttheir point. We would like to take tthey opportunity as we get more funded. If interest rates were to increase, that we will take tthey opportunity to annuitize some of our pension plans. And that essentially eliminates any type of longevity risk that tthey plans might have built into ttheym. But at ttheir point, we've done a tremendous job of managing tthey pensions, and it's largely due to tthey fact that we've contributed recently. And we have about $1 billion of pre-funding balance built into our US pension. So what that means is that on a go-forward basis, if we make tthey minimum contributions and use our pre-funded balance globally, we could be looking at $75 million to maybe $90 million of total pension and OPEB cash out over tthey next few years on an annual basis. So significantly less than what we contributed over tthey last five years. You combine that with tthey fact that our funded debt sits at around $2.4 billion today. We have tthey ability to call tthey 2026 bonds in tthey fall of ttheir year, and we'll make a decision around that, depending on what cash looks like. But we have positioned tthey company to be in a really good spot from a balance ttheyyet perspective. We have a targeted net debt of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We ended tthey first quarter at $2.7 million. I think we'll be well within that target ttheir year, potentially depending on what interest rates could do. We could be at tthey bottom or even below that target range by tthey end of tthey year, which ttheyn gets us to capital allocation, right? And so, we've theirtorically told you that ttheyre's four uses for excess free cash flow, and ttheyse are not necessarily in rank order. Tthey first was delevering to get to that 2% to 2.5%. We're at 2.7% at tthey end of tthey first quarter. We're going to get into that 2% to 2.5%. Second is potential share returns to shareholders. Third is, mid-sized growth projects. We have mid-sized growth projects in tthey refining business largely. And tthey fourth is continued repositioning of tthey portfolio. And as I said earlier, in tthey case of Portland, it didn't cost us to reposition tthey portfolio. In ottheyr parts of tthey world, it may cost us some money to get a plant curtailed or potentially sold. So, as I look forward to tthey next five years of our company, we have really cleared tthey runway of a lot of cash outflows over tthey next four or five years. We have no maturities through 2025. We have tthey ability to call tthey 2026. Our pension contributions are going to be small. So, we will be spending a good deal of time over tthey next six months, determining what tthey next capital application framework looks like, because at ttheir point, I believe our balance ttheyyet is in great shape. So, I guess to answer your question, Timna, tthey more to comment theyre over tthey next few quarters. Timna Tanners Okay. We have to wrap up. We had a question coming on tthey dividend. So, it sounds like you addressed that as one of your possibilities, but just know that you did get that question. So we'll be staying tuned, as you mentioned. We do want to thank Alcoa for participating for your continued support of our conference. Virtually is less fun. We look forward to seeing you in person next year. And with that, I'm going to sign off and go to ttheir Aluminum panel, and hope that tthey audience will join me ttheyre. Thanks again. Bill Oplinger Thanks, Timna. Roy Harvey Thanks, everybody.