Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 15, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer - Vice President, Investor Relations Roy Harvey - President and CEO William Oplinger - Executive Vice President and CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Glick - JPMorgan Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Frank Chieng - Goldman Sachs Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Alex Hacking - Citi John Tumazos - Very Independent Research Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer Thank you, and good day, everyone. I am joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Roy and Bill. As a reminder, today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey company’s actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today’s presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today’s presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre’s Roy. Roy Harvey Thank you, Jim, and thank you to everyone for joining our call. Before we get started, I want to take a moment and emphasize once again that Alcoa’s actions are always guided by our values. We consistently act with integrity, operate with excellence and care for people. That is true every quarter, but it’s been especially important in ttheir past year-and-a-half as tthey world has wrestled with unprecedented challenges brought on by tthey COVID-19 pandemic. While risks remain, vaccines have theylped to move many of tthey world’s economies forward again. I am proud of tthey work that our Alcoa employees following our values have done to mitigate ttheyse risks, supporting each ottheyr, our business and our communities. I am disappointed, however, that we had two serious injuries during tthey quarter, a hand injury and a case of theyat stress. Ttheyse are both important reminders that ttheyre are numerous everyday risks that we must consistently work to eliminate or reduce. Our most important objective is tthey safety of our employees. Now, let me quickly recap some of our results, which Bill will describe in greater detail. We posted our higtheyst ever quarterly earnings per share since becoming an independent company in 2016. It’s also our most profitable first half of tthey year in tthey Aluminum segment. Tthey results demonstrate that our strategic priorities are working to improve ttheir company and deliver results. It’s a very good time to be in tthey upstream Aluminum business and it’s a good time for Alcoa with a company that is stronger now than any time since our 2016 launch. We’ve made significant progress on our strategy to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet, eliminating all long-term debt maturities until 2026. Importantly, we are now well within our target range of proportional adjusted net debt. We also delivered above and beyond our previously announced target to generate cash from non-core asset sales. Although, we have reactheyd our target on ttheir program, we will continue to evaluate ottheyr sales wtheyn it makes sense. Last month sale of tthey former Eastalco smelter site in Tylerland, which have been closed in 2010, was an example of ttheir. Tthey new owner will use tthey property for a next-generation data center. Ttheir too is an example of our strategic priorities working. It shows that former brownfield sites can bring economic value for our company and tthey communities wtheyre we used to operate. Across Alcoa, we’ve worked to ensure ttheir company can succeed through all commodity cycles. Wtheyn market prices plummeted last year, we were resilient because of tthey strategies we already had in place. Our plants remained operational and performed well. We stayed focused on tthey future, continuing to make improvements. Now, with stronger markets, we’re capturing tthey benefits from much better pricing and driving it to tthey bottom line. While we will continue to improve our portfolio of assets, our Aluminum segment saw our companies higtheyst ever third-party realized price. Also, ongoing strength and customer demand and China’s efforts to reform its industry suggests continued strength in global Aluminum pricing. Tthey metal we produce is an important material for tthey future and more sustainable solutions. We’re ready for that future through existing low carbon products and tthey development of breakthrough technologies that we’re working to bring to tthey market. I look forward to discussing ttheir and more. But now, I’ll ask Bill to dig deeper into our financial results. Bill, please go atheyad. William Oplinger Thanks, Roy. It was anottheyr great quarter. Revenues at $2.8 billion were steady sequentially and after removing tthey impact of tthey Warrick rolling mill sales were up 7%. Revenues were up $685 million or 32% from tthey same period last year on higtheyr Aluminum prices. Second quarter earnings per share was $1.63 per share, $0.70 per share higtheyr than tthey prior quarter and $2.69 per share higtheyr than tthey year ago quarter. Adjusted earnings per share for tthey second quarter nearly doubled sequentially to a record $1.49 per share. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, also increased up 19% sequentially to $618 million and more than tripled last year’s $185 million. Tthey key reason for our record net income ttheir year and a key differentiator from prior years has been tthey relative contribution of our Aluminum segment with modest income taxes and virtually no minority interests. More Aluminum segment EBITDA translates to tthey bottom line compared to tthey ottheyr segments. In tthey first half of 2021, tthey segment provided 65% of Alcoa’s total adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, compared to 28% of tthey total in our previous best first half 2018. Even though Alcoa’s adjusted EBITDA was $376 million lower in tthey first half of 2021 compared to tthey same period in 2018, Alcoa’s first half 2021 net income excluding special items was $20 million higtheyr than 2018. A similar dynamic also holds true for cash flows. Now let’s review adjusted EBITDA in more detail. Tthey $97 million increase in adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, was driven by higtheyr metal prices. That $199 million benefit was partially offset by lower alumina prices and unfavorable foreign currency impacts, which togettheyr totaled $41 million. Higtheyr production, energy and raw material costs were unfavorable impacts, partially offset by better mix of alumina contracts and higtheyr value-added shipments and premiums. At tthey product segment level, bauxite adjusted EBITDA declined $18 million due to lower intercompany transfer prices and higtheyr production costs. In alumina, $22 per ton lower API and higtheyr maintenance and energy costs were only partially offset by improved mix of shipments and contract pricing. Tthey Aluminum segment benefited from much higtheyr LME and higtheyr regional premiums, especially tthey Midwest premium, as well as stronger value-added shipments and pricing, while higtheyr production costs, non-recurrence of work rolling mill EBITDA and higtheyr raw materials and energy costs were partially offset. Now let’s look at impacts in our cash flows. Tthey cash flows highlight many of tthey major corporate actions have undertaken ttheir year, as well as tthey benefits from very strong adjusted EBITDA. Given tthey magnitude of tthey cash balance change in addition to our normal year-to-date chart, we have bridged from tthey first quarter ending cash balance to tthey second quarter cash balance. It shows tthey April cash uses following tthey 2024 bonds and funding tthey U.S. pension, as well as tthey quarter benefiting from cash inflows related to non-core asset sales proceeds predominantly tthey former Eastalco smelter location. It also shows tthey benefit of strong adjusted EBITDA, particularly in tthey Aluminum segment, net of ottheyr operating uses, which included a modestly support in capital primarily due to higtheyr metal prices. On a year-to-date basis, you can see tthey additional benefit of tthey strong first quarter EBITDA and tthey partial offset from tthey typical first quarter of working capital change. Those cash flows and EBITDAs also impact key financial metrics. Return on equity increased from 18.5% in tthey first quarter to 24.6% for tthey first half of 2021, reflecting tthey record adjusted net income attributable to Alcoa. First half 2021 free cash flow less net non-controlling interest distributions was negative $371 million, reflecting tthey strong EBITDA, partially offset by tthey $500 million pension funding and tthey working capital increase. Days working capital increased one day sequentially on higtheyr receivable and inventory valuations. Most importantly, our key leverage metric proportional adjusted net debt is now well within our $2 billion to $2.5 billion target range at $2.1 billion. Our pension and OPEB net liability has decreased $0.7 billion or 55% from tthey 2016 year-end balance of $3.1 billion to $1.4 billion. Liquidity is very good. Our cash balance was $1.65 billion at quarter end. Moving to our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our outlook for tthey full year 2021 is improving slightly in several areas; shipments, tthey expected ranges are increasing, 100,000 tons in both tthey Bauxite and Alumina segments, and increasing 200,000 tons in tthey Aluminum segment. On tthey income statement, transformation costs are improving $5 million. In cash flows, ttheyre are two expected improvements, pension and OPEB cash funding is expected to be $5 million better, and environmental and ARO spending is expected to be $10 million better than tthey last time we showed ttheir chart. More importantly, we expect tthey third quarter to be anottheyr very solid quarter. Operations are expected to continue performing at a high level, current aluminum prices are significantly higtheyr and alumina prices are higtheyr too compared to tthey second quarter. We will see some partial offsets ttheyse benefits as we are seeing cost inflation in tthey form of higtheyr raw material costs, energy and transportation costs. Finally, with current market prices indicative of anottheyr quarter of substantial earnings, we expect our operational tax expense to be over $100 million in tthey third quarter. Now let me turn it back to Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Bill. Now turning to our markets, as Bill noted, tthey Aluminum segment has a significant role in our profitability and we saw a continued upward trend and realized pricing last quarter. It grew more than 60% since tthey low in tthey second quarter of 2020. Broad economic recovery, manufacturing restarts and tightness and tthey physical availability of Aluminum have all continued to support ttheir rally in tthey LME and regional premiums. We have observed strong macroeconomic trends including positive GDP and industrial production in many of tthey world’s leading economies. Also monetary and fiscal stimulus programs both announced and implemented have supported stronger demand in aluminum’s end used markets. That is expected to continue as vaccination efforts advance, lockdown’s are eased and stimulus measures progressed. In addition as noted last quarter we continue to see China moving to constrain supply growth in energy intensive industries like Aluminum to theylp meet its own goals to reduce carbon emissions. For Alcoa’s commercial impact specifically, in Aluminum we are also seeing significant year-over-year growth for value-added products. In tthey second quarter we saw increases in both sales and shipments. Tthey second quarter was tthey fourth consecutive sequential improvement in shipments, up 11% for tthey quarter and 40% year-over-year. For full year 2021, we expect continued year-over-year growth in value-add product sales revenue. Now let me return to tthey topic of China for a deeper look, as it continues to play a predominant role in global aluminum industry fundamentals. Tthey country is continuing to focus on energy intensive industries to assist with its decarbonization goals. In its announced 14th five-year plan, which ends in 2025, tthey government set its higtheyst priority goals, including work to reduce carbon emissions by 18% per unit of GDP and to reduce energy consumption per unit GDP by 13.5%. Tthey Chinese Central Government has set dual control targets for each province on energy intensity per unit of GDP and total energy consumption. On tthey left you’ll see a summary of tthey publicly disclosed first quarter outcomes for ttheir dual control system for China’s 17 Aluminum producing provinces. Tthey colors correspond to a traffic light approach that tthey government has deployed and as described on tthey chart. Results from ttheir snapshot show that provinces that produce close to 65% of China’s primary Aluminum have been rated yellow or red for at least one of tthey two targets. China’s Central Government has called on provinces not meeting targets to tighten energy efficiency controls. In response, some provinces are limiting new projects in energy intensive industries, such as primary Aluminum smelting. Inner Mongolia has already curtailed primary Aluminum production in response to ttheir program and ottheyr factors. Ttheir is on top of ottheyr developments we are seeing wtheyre Chinese provinces are taking action to limit primary smelting growth as part of ttheyir own policy priorities. For example, Shandong Province, home to around 20% of Chinese Aluminum capacity recently announced its intention to strictly enforced implementation of tthey reduction principle, which would apply two-thirds of scaling factor to interprovincial capacity transfers. To give an example, ttheir would mean that for a smelter in Shandong to expand capacity by 100,000 metric tons per annum, it would require a purchase or transfer of 150,000 metric tons per annum of capacity permits. Finally, in Gansu ttheir year, we have noted that tthey province canceled preferential power tariffs for primary aluminum smelters. In addition, tthey Chinese Government also has started tthey first phase of a national emission trading sctheyme with tthey Aluminum industry expected to be included in subsequent phases with ottheyr industries. China is also continuing to work towards its announced limit of carbon and energy intensive primary Aluminum capacity of 45 million tons per annum. A target announced in 2017 as part of supply side reform policies. Considering all of tthey ongoing efforts in China, tthey country is expected to remain a net importer of primary Aluminum with tthey potential for new capacity to be needed outside of China in tthey future. Clearly, Chinese policies on carbon emissions reduction and energy have tthey potential to drive significant positive change in global Aluminum industry fundamentals. Next, I want to highlight tthey fact that our three segments continue to perform well, allowing us to capture tthey benefits from tthey positive market fundamentals we’re currently experiencing. We have remained focused on strengttheyning our operations through improved processes and reliability to ensure that we continue to operate with stability. In Bauxite, we’re continuing to boost our production from majority owned mines and seeing higtheyr tons from joint venture mines. In Western Australia, we reactheyd a major milestone earlier ttheir year for our Willowdale mine, relocating tthey hub to a new region known as Larego. Transferring to ttheir new region included a highly engineered process that involved moving an 850 ton cruttheyyr. It was an impressive project and I congratulate tthey team for a safe and successful move to ttheir new region, which will be used for tthey next couple of decades. In Alumina, we’re maintaining production at near record levels for tthey world’s most cost competitive refinery system. We’ve continued to improve our processes to reduce bottlenecks and operate efficiently. In Aluminum, we’re benefiting from tthey restart of tthey ABI smelter in Bécancour, Québec, that was fully completed last year, albeit partially offset by tthey Intalco curtailment. Now let’s turn to some of our achievements in tthey first half of tthey year. First, as mentioned earlier, we overachieved on our goal relating to tthey sale of non-core assets, while continuing to evaluate future opportunities. We also made progress ttheir year in our portfolio review, which includes opportunities for significant improvement, curtailments, closures or divestitures. Earlier ttheir year, we were pleased to announce tthey repowering of our Portland Aluminum Smelter in Australia. From a financial standpoint as we noted, our balance ttheyyet is in tthey best shape since our launch as a standalone company due to tthey actions we’ve taken. Today, we have more flexibility to execute on Alcoa’s strategies. From a sustainability perspective, we are well-positioned in an evolving marketplace that is placing greater emphasis on low carbon products. In June, we shipped tthey first commercial loads of EcoSource, tthey world’s first and only low carbon smelter grade alumina brand. Ttheir particular product which is part of our Sustana family leverages our leadership as tthey world’s largest third-party provider of alumina with a refining system that has tthey globe’s lowest average carbon dioxide intensity. While we have a strong position currently in our industry, with tthey most compretheynsive line of low carbon products, we’re also leading in tthey development of next-generation technologies. We developed a zero carbon smelting process that theylped create tthey technology basis for our LSS joint venture. Tthey technology eliminates all direct greenhouse gas emissions from tthey traditional smelting process, producing instead pure oxygen. Metal produced from ttheir ongoing R&D project has already been used in commercial products, including from tthey deal we announced earlier ttheir year to supply metal for tthey wtheyels used on Audi’s e-tron GT, tthey company’s first electric sports car. Tthey ELYSIS joint venture is now ramping up tthey technology and began construction last month on commercial sized inert anode cells in Québec, which will complement tthey ongoing work at Alcoa’s Technical Center near Pittsburgh and at tthey ELYSIS Research and Development Center in Québec. Also, we announced in May that we’re investigating tthey application of a technology known as Mechanical Vapor Recompression, which has tthey potential to reduce our refinery’s carbon footprint by approximately 70%. It would use renewable energy to capture waste theyat and produce high pressure steam, which would ttheyn be used to provide our refinery’s process theyat, displacing tthey use of natural gas. Tthey Australian Renewable Energy Agency has provided funding for testing. If successful, by tthey end of 2023, Alcoa Australia would install a mechanical vapor recompression module at tthey Wagerup refinery to test tthey technology at scale. And now turning to tthey right-hand side of tthey slide, we will continue to progress in tthey second half of tthey year. We’re continuing to pursue a solution for our San Ciprián smelter in Spain, including working with tthey workers representatives and government stakeholders on our sales process for that asset. In tthey State of Texas, we continue to work on tthey sale of tthey former Rockdale site known as Sandow Lakes Ranch. Tthey real estate listing includes more than 30,000 acres with significant water rights. From a financial perspective, we are focusing on capital allocation, in light of tthey improvements we’ve made to our balance ttheyyet and tthey evolution of our product markets. We will remain committed to executing on our advances sustainably priority to our continued development of breakthrough technologies and a focus on growing sales from our Sustana line, which will theylp our customers lower ttheyir carbon footprint. We will continue to improve our business by executing on our consolidated capital expenditure budget for 2021 that includes both sustaining and return seeking projects. Next month we intend to begin construction on one of tthey sustaining capital projects at our Poços de Caldas refinery, wtheyre we will implement technology we first adopted in Western Australia known as residue press filtration. It saves water and reduces tthey use of land required to store residue. From a return seeking perspective, we’re also working on a project at our Deschambault smelter in Québec, boosting amperage to enable lower costs and increase tthey smelter’s annual production capacity by approximately 10%. Tthey project is expected to be commissioned by tthey end of tthey year. Before we close our formal remarks, I want to emphasize again tthey significant progress we’ve made not only since tthey inception of our company but tthey accelerated progress during ttheyse last several months. Our facilities are consistently operating well, capturing tthey benefits of ttheir much improved market. We demonstrated resilience to tthey challenges of 2020 and we have tthey operational know-how, structure, processes and systems to succeed. With a significantly improved balance ttheyyet, our company is positioned well for tthey future. Yet we will continue to push to perform even better. Relentless and continuous improvement is tthey Alcoa way. Finally, we are proud to be a values-based company with leadership in environmental, social and governance practices, and we will continue to lead with breakthrough technologies, processes and products for a more sustainable future. Thank you once again for your time today. Bill and I are now ready to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Michael Glick with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Michael Glick Good evening. Roy Harvey Hi, Michael. William Oplinger Hey, Michael. Michael Glick Hey. Capital allocations obviously top of mind for most of your investors and yourselves included. I mean, can you talk about how you’re thinking about shareholder returns or growth now that you’re in your targeted proportional net debt range? William Oplinger Yeah. Michael, let me take that one. But before I do, I wanted to clarify a mistake I had in my prepared remarks. We actually said that, I think, I said in my prepared remarks that Bauxite outlook had increased by 100,000 tons. If you look at tthey chart, it’s increased by 1 million metric tons, which makes a lot more sense than 100,000 tons. So to get that out of tthey way. Now let me address your capital allocation question. As you know, we have a four-pronged approach to capital allocation. We have a net debt target, which for tthey first time, we are in that target range after tthey second quarter. One of tthey prongs is returns to shareholders. Third is tthey strategic review or repositioning of tthey asset portfolio. And tthey fourth is earnings growth opportunity. And we continue to follow that capital allocation model. We’re happy to be in our target net debt range at ttheir point. And I think over tthey last five years, you’ve seen that we’re a very disciplined about how we allocate capital. So we are continuing to follow that model at ttheir point. Michael Glick Got it. And just given tthey move in billet premiums and some of tthey ottheyr value-added products, I mean, maybe it’s simply demand. But what else do you think is driving that, give a view on prices and could you remind us how pricing for value-added products flows through in terms of your contracts? William Oplinger Yes. So ttheyre is -- in tthey back up of presentations, ttheyre is some information I believe on how metal price flows through and how regional premiums flow through. But as far as tthey value-add premiums flow through, tthey large majority of North American value-add products are done on an annual pricing basis. In Europe, we price more on a quarterly basis. So you will see tthey billet prices flow through on a quarterly lag generally. But in North America, much of that is already priced for tthey year. Going into 2022, we would be having those negotiations now with our customers for value-add products. Obviously, if we’re able to pick up spot business from time-to-time, as you’ve seen, we’ve picked up spot business ttheir year, because our value-add products volumes have been growing. We’ve been able to sell more spot market business, but tthey pricing is largely at least in North America on an annual basis. Roy Harvey And just to complement that a little bit, Michael. Tthey fact is right now with demand picking up so much in tthey U.S. and North America and ttheyn also in Europe, what we’re seeing is that spot premiums particularly on billet but also on ottheyr products are going up. And so as we -- in Europe, we can pick that up quicker and like Bill was saying and ttheyn in North America as we get into next year contracting season we’ll have tthey opportunity to pick up that -- those spot premiums as well. So, certainly, a good time to be selling value-added products right now. Michael Glick Understood. Thank you. Roy Harvey Michael. Operator And our next question will come from Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Curt Woodworth Yeah. Thanks. Good afternoon, Roy and Bill. Roy Harvey Hey, Curt. Curt Woodworth First question, I just want to get your sort of initial take on tthey EU carbon border tax framework that was announced and how you see that affecting tthey market, I guess, broadly and ttheyn you specifically? And ttheyn also kind of in parcel with that, I think, previously you’ve talked about incentive pricing for new smelters around 2,600 metric ton. Wtheyn you look at tthey amount of capital that’s going to need to be spent globally to address tthey carbon issue, I know that ttheyre’s some significant capital that potentially could occur for you in tthey refinery system on tthey compressors. How do you see ttheir kind of taking into longer-term normalized pricing? That’s my first question. Roy Harvey Sure. So let me comment on tthey EU carbon border tax and I’ll let Bill talk a little bit about incentive pricing. So, obviously, we just started to look through tthey details. To start at tthey very beginning, from our perspective, because of tthey portfolio that Alcoa operates and tthey fact that we are low carbon compared with much of tthey industry. Tthey quicker we can go to a global carbon price embedded inside of tthey Aluminum price, tthey better off we can be. And so as we look at around tthey world regionally and we think about tthey development of ttheyse types of mechanisms, on tthey whole, ttheyy’re going to be positive for Alcoa. Now, wtheyn you start to look at something like tthey European border adjustment mechanism, ttheyre’s a lot of details that we need to sort through to really be able to understand what are tthey gives and takes. However, it is a step absolutely in tthey right direction, it’s going to theylp to establish tthey fact that ttheyre is a true difference between what is low carbon aluminum and higtheyr carbon aluminum. And to me, that is a very positive step forward. William Oplinger And Curt, if I address tthey incentive pricing question, let me come at it from a slightly different perspective. Tthey -- we think that tthey Chinese are pretty well committed to tthey cap that ttheyy have set in tthey future. So if you ttheyn consider incentive pricing outside of China, ttheyre’s really two areas that you could consider. Tthey first is restarts. And at today’s pricing, I would think that a lot of tthey producers are running tthey numbers around restarts and trying to make a determination wtheyttheyr that restart makes sense for ttheym. But ttheyn on top of that, ttheyre’s greenfields and you’ve seen in tthey rest of tthey world very few greenfield announcements for smelting projects and ttheyy take a while to come online. So at ttheir point, if anyone’s considering greenfields, it’s probably a couple of years down tthey road. Curt Woodworth Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn I’ll try to take anottheyr step at tthey capital allocation question. Maybe start with tthey fact that you’ve only spent, I think, $10 million on growth CapEx year-to-date. So, clearly, ttheyre’s scope for tthey company to accelerate more growth spend atheyad. But given tthey free cash flow outlook, it seems like you’re going to have plenty of wtheyrewithal to do both. So in terms of capital return specifically to shareholders, should we think that a decent percentage of your free cash flow will start to accrue back to tthey shareholders? Is ttheyre any way you could quantify or theylp frame tthey opportunity set for tthey investor around that, because I mean ttheyre’s a lot of investors that have been patiently sort of waiting for tthey net target to be atheyad and obviously tthey recovery in tthey aluminum fundamentals creates a pretty good opportunity theyre? Thanks. Roy Harvey Yeah. So I’ll just touch upon a couple of facts that you brought up. First of all, we had a great cash generation in tthey quarter. So we contributed to $500 million to tthey U.S. pensions. If you back that out of cash from ops, our cash from ops was close to -- was over $400 million after you back that out. So we’re in a position in ttheir part of tthey market -- ttheir part of tthey cycle wtheyre we are generating significant cash flow. I’ll come back though to tthey current capital allocation model. Ttheyre’s four prongs. We will weigh those four prongs to maximize value, and I am not going to speculate at ttheir point how that occurs over tthey next few quarters. But as you alluded to, we do have earnings growth opportunities. We’ve only spent $10 million of return seeking capital. We’re going to ramp that up to $40 million additional by tthey end of tthey year, because we’re at a $50 million target as you see in tthey outlook. So not significant return seeking capital growth at ttheir point, but we’ll use tthey current capital allocation model to determine how we allocate capital going forward. Curt Woodworth Great. Thanks very much. Congrats on tthey quarter. Roy Harvey Thank you, Curt. Operator And our next question will come from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Yes. Thanks very much and good afternoon, everybody. And I’d like to add my congrats on good quarter, good outlook and also hitting your -- tthey net debt targets. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. William Oplinger Thanks, Lucas. Lucas Pipes I want to return to ttheir question as well and I wondered is ttheyre a way to quantify tthey potential capital outlay for a transformation of tthey portfolio investing in value and creating growth opportunities. Are we talking tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars over tthey next 12 months? I think that would really theylp investors kind of set ttheyir expectations for last remaining item of tthey four-pronged strategy tthey return to shareholders? Thank you. William Oplinger So, tthey return seeking capital budget for tthey year is $50 million, we spent $10 million year-to-date. We’ll spend an additional $40 million during tthey course of ttheir year. We have not -- so we purposely not put a size around how much it’s going to cost us to reposition tthey portfolio. And tthey reason why we haven’t done that is because we essentially have to treat each plant on a case-by-case basis. Greatest example is Portland and we put a number out that said, we need to go closer to tail Portland back wtheyn we announced tthey strategic repositioning, we would have fundamentally been wrong. We were able to repower Portland and it didn’t cost us anything to repower Portland and now Portland going forward with a five-year power deal that should position it to be successful over that time period. So we’re trying not to give a view of how much it will cost to reposition tthey portfolio, because it will depend on how we do that. Lucas Pipes That’s theylpful. Thank you. And maybe on tthey transformation, we have discussion today in terms of capital outlays, but ttheir could be a source of capital too. I am thinking of Rockdale, for example. Can you speak to that and how that might fit into ttheir framework? William Oplinger Thanks. Thanks for bringing it up, Lucas. Many people tend to think of our legacy portfolio as only cash outflows and we currently manage about 20 closed or curtailed sites around tthey world. We think of ttheym as in a number of ways. One, we need to be good stewards of tthey environment, and so for those closed and curtailed sites, we have to do ttheym -- manage ttheym in a sustainable way for tthey communities and tthey environment around ttheym. But secondly, we look to minimize tthey liabilities and maximize tthey value. Eastalco is tthey best example. Eastalco is a site that we closed a number of years ago. We had been looking for opportunities to redevelop Eastalco and one came along wtheyre we were able to work with Quantum Loophole to put a redevelopment plan in place and ttheyy bought tthey site for $100 million and we will move on from ttheyre. Rockdale is anottheyr great example wtheyre we have it for sale for $250 million and we have a group that works to maximize tthey value of those transformation sites around tthey world. Roy Harvey Yeah. And Lucas, if I can just complement that, I think, one of tthey reasons I most enjoy working for Alcoa is that we manage those sites all tthey way from inception down to closure and ttheyn redevelopment. And we have a very talented team that is focused on ttheyse legacy sites and you can see that very much, and again, in Eastalco. So, just a great opportunity to demonstrate that ttheir entire life of an operation can have value for Alcoa, but also for our communities. Lucas Pipes That’s very theylpful. Thank you. I’ll follow-up on one ottheyr point, tthey $150 million available, that’s tthey existing $200 million buyback. How should investors think about that in today’s environment? Thank you very much. William Oplinger I would just point you to back to tthey capital allocation program. It’s part of tthey four-pronged capital allocation program that we have. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. Lucas Pipes Thank you. Yeah. Operator And our next question will come from Frank Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Frank Chieng Hi, everyone. Congratulations on a good quarter. I just wanted to sort of ctheyck in on some of tthey commentary that you had around 3Q guidance and a number of pieces of cost inflation that you’re starting to see creep through. Do you mind sort of stepping us through sort of tthey component-by-component pieces and how manageable do you think are some of those cost pressures are going forward? William Oplinger So, Frank, thanks for tthey question. I think we alluded to $10 million in tthey Alumina segment and that is -- ttheyre’s really two components to that. That’s higtheyr caustic prices that are beginning to flow through. Now you know caustic flows through on a six-month lag. So we are just now starting to see some of tthey higtheyr caustic costs flow through tthey cost of goods sold and some higtheyr energy cost. So we do have especially in places like Spain we’ve got natural gas that is linked to oil prices. So tthey higtheyr oil prices are driving some higtheyr energy costs ttheyre. In tthey Aluminum segment, really on a sequential quarter basis we’re seeing around $25 million of higtheyr costs. That’s a combination of coke and pitch costs, which are starting to trend up, and some transportation costs. So those are tthey big components. I -- it’s not surprising in our industry for tthey folks who have followed us for a long time that wtheyn you see a run up in Aluminum prices that ttheyre will be a trailing higtheyr raw material cost and we’re starting to see that today. Frank Chieng That’s really theylpful. And one follow-up if I may, just around tthey Alumina market, it seems like that’s sort of trailed aluminum for a little bit of time now. Can you provide an update as to what you’re seeing ttheyre? Thanks. Roy Harvey Yeah. Frank, I’ll take that one and I appreciate tthey question. So, I mean, first and foremost, I think it theylps to demonstrate tthey fact that ttheyse are two very different markets with very different set of fundamentals. It’s tthey reason that we started to move to an API pricing methodology rattheyr than simply having it would be a percentage of Aluminum. I think ttheyre is really two main points that I’d bring up. Tthey first is freight, as you look at tthey increase in freight costs, it’s really driving China to be to import less alumina, and ttheyrefore, operate more domestically. And so that tends to, as you see, even those price increases happening inside of China, it tends to incentivize less imports and so that theylps to constrain to a certain extent tthey Aluminum pricing environment. And tthey second one, which really ties in with that is tthey fact that, wtheyn you look at tthey transactions happening on a day-by-day or week-by week-basis, ttheyre are buyers, as many buyers as ttheyre are sellers and so tthey market is balanced and in fact probably balance to a slight surplus. So right now you don’t have a lot of very specific catalysts that are driving tthey price upwards, tthey same as you don’t have a lot of catalysts to drive tthey price downwards. I would also just note as well that Aluminum tends to be driven very much by sentiment and by looking at how that demand changes, and because tthey actual production of Aluminum is less sensitive, it means that Alumina is a bit less sensitive to some of those macroeconomic trends. Frank Chieng Got it. That’s clear. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Frank. Operator And our next question will come from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Yeah. Thank you very much, Roy, and Bill. Congratulations on tthey quarter. A couple of questions, one is on tthey accrued pension benefits on tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey drop is around $700 million and yet on a cash basis tthey payment in tthey quarter was around $500 million. I wonder if you could explain tthey difference, is that a revision on tthey discount rate assumptions and/or ttheir is a settlement that also came through in tthey special items. I think it was a pension lump sum settlement, which may be linked to tthey decrease in tthey $200 million excess decrease in tthey balance ttheyyet versus tthey cash flow? And ttheyn tthey second question regarding tthey market, wtheyn would you expect that tthey focusing China on environmental aspects on emissions reductions will result in lower net exports of Aluminum semi products and what have you, and ttheyrefore, start to benefit tthey balance in tthey rest of tthey world? William Oplinger Carlos, I’ll take tthey first one, and that’s a great catch to see that how much we contributed versus tthey change in tthey liabilities and that we did contribute $500 million. Tthey biggest additional move between tthey balance ttheyyet is that we re-measured tthey part of tthey U.S. pension plans. Tthey reason why we re-measured part of those U.S. pension plans is because wtheyn we offered tthey lump sum offer, we’ve had enough people taking tthey lump sum out of tthey pension plan that tthey accounting treatment requires us to re-measure a part of that. So that’s tthey decline because you’ve seen an increase in discount rates from year end. So in part that’s what drove that change. Roy Harvey And Carlos, let me answer your market question. I think it’s -- that is also a very good question. Wtheyn we look at China today, we’re already starting to see different provinces take active steps to start to meet those targets. And it’s tthey reason we highlight of tthey dual control methodology, because not only is it a pretty, pretty neat graph, it’s also having actual effects and impacts on tthey ground. And so we’re starting to see China become tighter and tighter, and in fact, we believe China’s in a deficit situation. So while ttheyy continue to have pretty steady net exports ttheyir imports over ttheyse last few months have actually grown. And so tthey -- I think tthey answer to your question is, I think, you’re already seeing tthey impact of those changes. It’s really impacting less in ttheyir production of semi that ttheyy ttheyn export and more in tthey fact that ttheyy are importing metal to be able to address tthey demand that ttheyy have inside of China. And you can also see that in tthey release of inventory from tthey strategic reserves, which is also demonstrating tthey fact that ttheyy are short of metal right now. Carlos De Alba All right. Excellent. Thank you very much guys. Roy Harvey Thanks, Carlos. William Oplinger Thanks, Carlos. Operator And our next question will come from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Gagliano Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I just have a couple of sort of questions to address some targets that were set last quarter that seem to have assumed in tthey guidance ttheir quarter. So, first of all on tthey Bauxite business, I think, last quarter it was a $59 million EBITDA line and tthey commentary around tthey second quarter was flat quarter-over-quarter came in at $41 million and tthey guidance for tthey third quarter is flat quarter-over-quarter. Can you talk about what’s changed ttheyre in tthey Bauxite business? William Oplinger Tthey biggest change Dave is that some intercompany pricing was reduced between one of our mines to one of our refineries. With tthey decline in Bauxite prices that we’re seeing globally, we adjusted that. That is approximately and I am going to estimate now approximately $12 million of that change. So that’s tthey biggest impact. David Gagliano Okay. Is sort of that low 40s per quarter reasonable run rate moving forward ttheyn or are ttheyre ottheyr adjustments like… William Oplinger Yeah. For tthey third -- as we said, for tthey third quarter, we’re expecting that to be flat. We don’t typically adjust Bauxite prices between tthey mines and tthey refineries. But we have seen a fairly large decline year-to-date in bauxite pricing. So we made that adjustment. David Gagliano Okay. And ttheyn it’s actually kind of dovetails into my next question, which is in tthey Alumina segment. Last quarter tthey list of special items for consideration for tthey next quarter, meaning ttheir quarter was a $25 million in total one-time increase in costs. And I noticed or noticed that ttheyre wasn’t any commentary around a reduction -- $25 million reduction in cost in tthey third quarter in tthey Alumina business. Is ttheyre -- should we assume $25 million reduction in Alumina costs in tthey third quarter? William Oplinger No. I think we said alumina costs, I think, we say that, it will be a $10 million negative in tthey third quarter and that’s related to higtheyr raw materials and higtheyr energy costs. We are spending a little bit more maintenance in tthey third quarter than what we had anticipated. Given tthey strength of tthey metal markets largely but to a lesser extent in alumina, we are spending a little bit more maintenance than what we had anticipated in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter. And as you’re walking down our segments, you’re probably going to get to Aluminum theyre shortly. So I’ll answer tthey question in advance. In tthey case of Aluminum, we are investing a little bit more in tthey third quarter on part restarts than what we had anticipated. Given tthey strength of tthey overall metal prices, we’re trying to make sure that we have all tthey parts online that we can possibly have online to be producing metal that paybacks very quickly in today’s prices. David Gagliano Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. And actually just a follow-up on tthey Alumina side, so ttheyn what happened to that $25 million that was supposed to be a one-time increase in costs? Are we talking about ttheyn we now have anottheyr so it’s kind of $35 million up from tthey first quarter that were on costs do you think? William Oplinger Yes. So $25 million increase versus tthey second quarter to first quarter and ttheyn anticipating a $10 million more increase in tthey third quarter. Remember that tthey $10 million includes raw materials. So we are starting to see an increase in raw materials and energy prices. So, yes, that’s tthey case. David Gagliano Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. Appreciate it. Roy Harvey Thanks, Dave. Operator And our next question will come from Alex Hacking with Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Hacking Yeah. Thanks, Roy and Bill. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, just on slide 13, tthey guidance for tthey Aluminum shipments. I mean you did $3 million in tthey first half. Tthey FY guidance implies a slowdown in tthey second half. Is that still fair and is ttheyre a specific reason for that? And ttheyn secondly, I am curious in your thoughts around tthey Midwest premium. It’s amazingly strong. Obviously, it’s great to see. I mean, I guess how sustainable do you think that is? What do you think of tthey key forces behind it? Is that just reflecting strong aluminum demand around tthey world, high freight costs or are ttheyre ottheyr things going on ttheyre that you think may be more structural? Thanks. Roy Harvey Let me take tthey Aluminum shipments. Ttheyre’s two things that are driving and I would certainly not read tthey second half being weaker than tthey first half on Aluminum shipments. Tthey two structural things that are driving that lower. In tthey first half, we had some inventory in tthey San Ciprian facility that because of tthey labor dispute at tthey time was hung up and inventory going into tthey first quarter that we are able to ship out in tthey first quarter that elevated shipments higtheyr. Secondly, you have to remember included in those shipments also for tthey first quarter was tthey Warrick rolling mill and we’ve subsequently divested tthey Warrick rolling mill. So underlying shipments is strong in tthey second quarter. I am sorry, in tthey second half as to tthey first half. William Oplinger And Alex, I’ll take your question on tthey Midwest premium and I think you started to answer yourself. I think we need to start off with an understanding that it’s now a duty paid to duty unpaid market because of tthey 232 premiums. Outside of that, though tthey fact is that ttheyre’s just unprecedented demand and so ttheyre’s just not enough metal inside of North America, which is really what is tthey very basic structural change that is driving those premiums up. And being able to divert time to get it into tthey market it takes time and so from our perspective it is very well justified because it looks at how that dynamics are playing out in tthey market today and we’ll continue to develop through time. Alex Hacking Thank you. Appreciate it. Roy Harvey Thanks, Alex. Operator And our next question will come from John Tumazos with Very Independent Research. Please go atheyad. John Tumazos Thank you. It’s great to see all tthey good results. Roy Harvey Hi, John. William Oplinger Hi, John. John Tumazos Hi. How much is tthey impact of tthey green Aluminum pricing to-date as it is much as a 0.5% or 1% or 5% of tthey $460 million of EBITDA from metal? Second question, you described tthey 10% cost increase in Alumina being driven by caustic, of course, currency and energy is part of that. Bauxite cut unit cost only rose 2%, could you explain how tthey Bauxite rose so much less, obviously, it has tthey Aussie dollar and diesel and ottheyr things hitting it too? Roy Harvey I can answer your green premium and I think tthey simple answer at ttheir point is that it’s still relatively immaterial. So, while ttheyre is a true premium and you can see that in some of tthey discussions in listed indices, it really so far is a pretty small total of our product portfolio and our sales. It is growing very quickly and I would argue that that premium also has theyaded upwards, but right now it’s still relatively immaterial, John. John Tumazos Thank you. William Oplinger And, John, let me try to address tthey cost question and making sure that I understand tthey premise of that. Tthey cost structures of Bauxite and Alumina are just fundamentally different. And you alluded to tthey Aussie dollar and ttheyy both have an Aussie dollar component to ttheym, right? So that’s one of tthey few linkages between tthey two. In tthey case of tthey refining business, as you can see in tthey back up, we gave you tthey cost structure of tthey refining business and some of tthey big components ttheyre are caustic, natural gas, which is on a lag, underlying labor costs. So to do a flat out comparison of Bauxite cost to Alumina costs is really difficult. In tthey case of, as I said, in tthey case of tthey Alumina cost, we had some higtheyr maintenance in tthey second quarter. We’re starting to see caustic prices increase, Bauxite is much more stable. John Tumazos Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, John. William Oplinger Thanks, John. Operator And our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good evening, Roy, Bill, Jim. Roy Harvey Hi, Mike. William Oplinger Hi, Mike. James Dwyer Hi. Michael Dudas Just a question on portfolio transformation and non-core affiliates combined in ttheir certainly you’ve done a very solid job of not only you achieving excess, but invisible on what you’re doing theyre. You highlighted San Ciprian and Rockdale, but in tthey three-year plus, you’re talking about portfolio transformation. Is ttheyre anything in tthey horizon that’s different changed? Is tthey 2022, 2023, 2024 outlook or what tthey portfolio could be much different than maybe what you would have thought in 2017 and 2018 prior to tthey massive structural and cyclical changes we’ve seen in tthey markets that you serve? Roy Harvey So let me take a first shot at that, Mike. So our -- tthey purpose behind tthey portfolio transformation is to ensure that we have really a set of assets that can succeed no matter what’s happening in tthey market cycle. And so, of course, we take into consideration tthey current market impacts and how that might be changing through time. But at tthey same time, we want to make sure that we have a cost competitiveness position -- positioning that will be successful no matter what. So I would say tthey purpose behind tthey portfolio transformation has not changed. I would also highlight tthey fact that it is a program that can result in a fundamental change in tthey overall cost structure and Portland is a great example of that, as well as curtailments and closures or divestitures. And to be quite honest, tthey going between those different axes might change depending on what’s happening in tthey circumstances around us. So we still have some work to do. Part of tthey reason that you’ve got a five-year period is that some of those step change moments would happen later in tthey five years. So you really don’t have access if you have a power contract expiring in 2023, for example, until you get to that point to be able to actually make that step change and make a decision about tthey plant. So we are still very much committed. As Bill had alluded to earlier in tthey Q&A session, outcomes might change depending on how tthey current environment is swirling around you. But tthey underlying purpose of having very cost competitive plants and having plants, frankly, that are also low carbon and that meet tthey demands of tthey future aluminum market are very much top of our minds. Michael Dudas And just a follow-up on your less comment about low carbon and such. Over tthey next 24 months or so, do you see a significant investment or how have you staged or structure some of tthey progress that you’re seeing obviously with some of your initiatives and wtheyn do you think ttheyre will be required lot more or accelerate tthey investment or potential from Alcoa, some of capital to be allocated much more aggressively in those areas, which I think most people would probably appreciative of? Roy Harvey Yeah. Mike, tthey way I would answer that is that, Alcoa has a fundamental advantage in that. Tthey way that we have grown have given us a portfolio that is going to be very rich and very positive from -- wtheyn you look at it from a green perspective, which doesn’t mean that we stand still at all. As you know, we have a target to drive renewable energy up from 78% to 85%, while at tthey same time moving down tthey cost curve. We’re just getting started on Mechanical Vapor Recompression inside of Alumina, which is tthey step change. We’re already tthey lowest carbon intensity Alumina refiner in tthey planet. But as we think about what does tthey future look like we need to see if we can find ways to start using renewable energy rattheyr than natural gas inside of Alumina refining as well. And I would also highlight tthey ELYSIS research and development project, which is that next and most green Aluminum that could be on tthey planet. Right now that’s a relatively minimal outlay. It’s actually stepping forward. We’re starting construction in tthey first commercial scale inert anode cells as we speak right now. However, wtheyn you get to be able to prove that and we’ve said that would be done by 2024 wtheyn we have tthey commercial package available, that would open up a question about how that investment would take place and investment for licensing. Michael Dudas Excellent. Thanks so much, Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Mike. Operator And our final question today will come from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Gagliano Great. Thanks very much. Roy Harvey Hey Dave. You’re back. David Gagliano Yes. I am. Just a quick follow-up really, just I wanted to ask, you mentioned tthey value-add a few times theyre, obviously. Can you just give us how much value-add product is Alcoa producing now? What is like a current value add premium for your -- on an average for your product and can you just give us a bit of a range as to how much you expect that might improve into tthey context for next year? Thanks. William Oplinger Yeah. So value-add products is and I don’t know tthey exact number is 52%, 53% of our total metal sales and it’s hard to give a range just because tthey product differential is very wide, right? So tthey variety of products that we sell are wide. So you have everything from foundry in North America to slab to billet in North America and Europe. We would be looking to try to drive better pricing going into 2022. As Roy said, tthey markets are very strong and hopefully that allows us to improve pricing for 2022. David Gagliano It -- is ttheyre -- I am sorry, perhaps, I mean, is ttheyre a way to give a bit of a kind of a bit of a framework around what you’re -- just on average, so you don’t give up any commercial issues or anything like that. Just on average what is a reasonable expectation just so we can kind of model it in? William Oplinger Yeah. No. We’re -- it’s too early to give you an expectation around increases at ttheir point. Dave, we will be in tthey process of negotiating ttheym with our customers between now and tthey end of tthey year. David Gagliano All right. Okay. Thank you very much. William Oplinger Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Dave. Operator And ttheir does conclude our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Roy Harvey for any closing remarks. Roy Harvey Thank you, Cole. And I want to thank everybody for your questions today and for joining us. We’re proud to be a leader in tthey industry and due to tthey hard work across our company. Alcoa is stronger today than any time since our launch in 2016. Our strategic priorities are working to bring results. We are doing what we said we do. Making sure Alcoa is successful through all tthey market cycles. We will continue tthey strong momentum, stay focused on continuous improvement and operational stability across tthey Aluminum value chain to capture benefits from improved markets. And with that, please be safe, I look forward to speaking with you again in October for our third quarter results. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.