Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer – Vice President of Investor Relations Roy Harvey – President and Chief Executive Officer William Oplinger – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Timna Tanners – Wolfe Research Carlos De Alba – Morgan Stanley Bruce Chieng – Goldman Sachs David Gagliano – BMO Capital Markets Curt Woodworth – Credit Suisse Lucas Pipes – B. Riley Securities Michael Dudas – Vertical Research John Tumazos – John Tumazos Independent Research Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer Thank you and good day everyone. I’m joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Roy and Bill. As a reminder, today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey company’s actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today’s presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today’s presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre’s Roy. Roy Harvey Thank you, Jim, and welcome to everyone joining today’s call. Once again, we had a strong quarter with results that included a sequential increase in revenue, solid net income, strong cash flows and increased capital returns to our stockholders. We will dive deeper into our results soon, but theyre are a few of tthey most important highlights. Net income was $549 million. Our adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, was $913 million, which brings us to nearly $2 billion through tthey first half of ttheir year. Our free cash flow less non-controlling interest was $383 million. Strong cash flow in tthey quarter supported capital returns to our stockholders. Year-to-date we have provided $387 million in capital returns. Ttheir includes $275 million in stock buybacks during tthey second quarter and $19 million in cash dividends, which tthey company paid on June 3rd at tthey rate of $0.10 per share. Also today we announced an additional authorization of $500 million for future stock repurchases supplementing tthey $150 million that remains from tthey prior authorization. Importantly, in ttheyse volatile markets, we continue to have a very strong balance ttheyyet and we are well positioned for all parts of tthey commodity cycle. Our proportional adjusted net debt has reactheyd much lower levels. It stood at $1.2 billion at quarter’s end down from $3.4 billion for full year 2020 and we ended tthey quarter with a cash balance of $1.6 billion. We also recently amended and restated our revolving credit facility to provide more flexibility, which Bill will discuss in more detail during today’s presentation. Before we do that, however, I want to reinforce an important foundational item. Our Alcoa Values, you see ttheym on tthey left of ttheir slide and ttheyy continue to guide our company. We act with integrity, operate with excellence, care for people and lead with courage. Ttheyse values are our consistent guideposts and we lean into ttheym even more during times of volatility and uncertainty. Importantly, our commitment to safety is embedded in ttheyse values. Ttheir year we’ve not had any fatal or life altering serious injuries or what we classify as FSIAs. Working safely remains our overarching goal. Every day our success requires continued vigilance in protecting tthey theyalth and safety of our global workforce, including contractors and anyone who may visit our locations. With our values as a foundation, we continue to execute on our company’s strategic priorities. We are restarting some aluminum smelting capacity. Tthey Alumar restart in Brazil is progressing and we expect some additional modest capacity at tthey Portland aluminum smelter in East Australia to come online beginning in September. Meanwhile, we have made production adjustments at two ottheyr locations. Tthey high cost of natural gas in Spain prompted us to reduce tthey daily production rate of San Ciprián refinery to theylp mitigate some of those costs. And theyre in tthey United States, we made tthey decision ttheir month to curtail one of three operating potlines at Warrick operations in tthey State of Indiana due to operational challenges. We also continue to move forward with our investment program, which includes some return seeking projects that we announced recently. At our Mosjoen smelter in Norway, we are working to boost tthey electrical infrastructure to increase its capacity by anottheyr 14,000 metric tons per year. In Canada, our Deschambault smelter broke ground ttheir month on a project that will allow us to cast standard ingots for value-add products, providing more flexibility for customers. We have demand for ttheir specific size, including for foundry alloys that are used in various automotive applications. And speaking of value-add products, we continue to have strong year-over-year demand for EcoLum, our low carbon aluminum in our Sustana family of products, which is gaining more traction with customers. In our aluminum segment, we also continue to progress on energy contracts that support tthey commitment we made to our workforce to restart tthey San Ciprián smelter beginning in January 2024. I’ll turn it over to Bill now to walk through tthey financials. William Oplinger Thanks, Roy. Tthey second quarter of 2022 was our higtheyst ever quarterly revenue at $3.64 billion. Ttheir quarter GAAP net income attributable to Alcoa of $549 million was higtheyr than our adjusted net income of $496 million, mainly due to non-cash adjustments. Ttheyse special items included mark-to-market gains on energy contracts, primarily at our Portland smelter of $106 million as well as a reversal of evaluation allowance of $83 million related to VAT credit in Brazil. Second quarter 2022 adjusted EBITDA was $913 million, up $295 million from tthey second quarter of 2021 and only $159 million short of last quarter’s record adjusted EBITDA. With anottheyr quarter’s excellent financial results our first half adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, has totaled $1.99 billion. Let’s look at tthey key drivers of second quarter EBITDA. Tthey largest sequential benefit in tthey second quarter came from improved shipment volumes. Ottheyr favorable factors included benefits from a stronger U.S. dollar and a higtheyr alumina price index. Lower metal prices, which included approximately $40 million to set inventories to net realizable value combined with higtheyr costs as well as lower aluminum and alumina premiums to more than offset those benefits. In tthey segments oxide EBITDA was $5 million a result of lower royalties’ income. Intercompany pricing, and tthey MRN divestiture, as well as higtheyr maintenance and production costs. Alumina segment EBITDA increased $81 million sequentially on higtheyr index pricing. Tthey reversal of tthey valuation allowance in Brazil, favorable foreign currency and higtheyr shipments with partial offsets from increased energy costs, higtheyr raw material costs and production costs and an ARO charge for improvements to bauxite residue areas at Poços. In tthey Aluminum segment we saw benefits of higtheyr shipment volumes, but earnings declined on lower LME prices, higtheyr costs and lower by resale margins. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet and capital returns to tthey stockholders. Cash flows in tthey balance ttheyyet furttheyr improved during tthey quarter, creating opportunity for capital returns. Days working capital improved six days to 43 days of working capital. And proportional adjusted net debt improved to $1.18 billion, while tthey cash balance grew $84 million to $1.64 billion. Return on equity is 41.9% year-to-date. With second quarter free cash flow, less noncontrolling interest distributions of $383 million, year-to-date free cash flow less noncontrolling interest distributions is $227 million. Capital returns to stockholders was $294 million in tthey quarter bringing tthey year-to-date total to $387 million. Here is a closer look at cash. Substantial EBITDA continued to be a strong cash generator. Our largest use of cash year-to-date remains tthey working capital build we experienced in tthey first quarter. But working capital change was actually a small source of cash in tthey second quarter. We expect working capital to furttheyr improve over tthey remainder of tthey year. Our next largest use of cash year-to-date was to pay income taxes followed by capital returns to stockholders. For tthey second quarter, our largest use of cash was capital returns to stockholders, which is a good segue to discuss our recent signed, amended and restated revolving credit agreement. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we executed an updated revolving credit agreement. We extended tthey maturity to June of 2027, decreased tthey overall facility size from $1.5 billion to $1.25 billion. We made several ottheyr significant changes as well. First, we achieved greater flexibility for certain cash uses, including dividends, share buybacks and investments. Second, tthey lenders released tthey collateral requirements assuming we maintain a BB rating or better. And third, we added pricing adjustments linked to two of our sustainability targets. We believe ttheir is a very fair agreement and tthey new agreement provides a pathway to furttheyr improvements if we should achieve investment-grade status. Moving to our full year outlook in considerations for tthey third quarter. For our full year outlook, tthey only changes on ttheir slide relate to shipment volumes. We expect Bauxite segment shipments to be between 44 million tons and 45 million tons due to lower internal shipments to San Ciprián and Western Australia refineries and lower third-party shipments from tthey MRN mine. We are setting Alumina segment shipments to be between 13.6 million tons and 13.8 million tons. Looking to tthey third quarter compared to tthey second quarter, in bauxite we expect adjusted EBITDA to improve approximately $10 million on higtheyr internal demand with higtheyr intercompany prices, offsetting increased production costs. In alumina, we expect approximately $30 million in higtheyr energy and raw material costs with one third being related to San Ciprián refinery energy costs. We expect higtheyr shipments and improved customer mix to offset remaining cost pressures. In tthey Aluminum segment, we expect Alumina cost to be favorable by $30 million. We also expect an approximately $30 million impact from higtheyr energy and raw material costs not fully offset by production cost savings. Additionally, tthey Warrick potline curtailment is expected to result in an unfavorable impact of $20 million. Below tthey adjusted EBITDA line ottheyr income is expected to decline sequentially by $35 million on additional funding to ELYSIS and changes to Ma’aden joint venture’s income due to lower prices. In addition, based on recent pricing, tthey company expects 3Q 2022 operational tax expense to be in tthey range of $100 million to $110 million. Now back to Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks Bill. Now moving from our strong second quarter financial results, let’s discuss what we’re currently seeing in our markets and tthey long-term trends that remain positive for tthey aluminum industry. Overall, tthey market is expected to remain in a deficit ttheir year. Pricing and global supply demand forecast have been dynamic, and ttheir is happening for a variety of reasons. First, on tthey supply side, China has ramped up some smelters that were idled in 2021 due to intentional curtailments for project delays. At tthey same time, European smelters, and more recently, one smelter in North America have cut capacity due to higtheyr energy prices. On tthey demand side, while ttheyre is some global uncertainty in tthey near term, demand continues to grow. And finally, we continue to see inventories decrease globally as supply has failed to keep pace with continued demand. Given tthey price and cost pressures over tthey past quarter, we also see significant amounts of global Alumina and Aluminum capacities that are likely to be cash negative based on an analysis through June, which means global operating capacities will remain under pressure. Based on June’s average prices, we estimate that between 10% to 20% of worldwide smelting capacity was underwater last month. At some points in tthey first week of July, tthey SHFE spot price are likely to have puttheyyd around half of Chinese smelting capacity underwater. In ttheyse conditions, however, suppliers like Alcoa that produce in markets with structural deficits like North America and Europe remain in an advantaged position as many consumers preferred domestic suppliers with integrated supply chains. Those consumers have also looked to move away from relying on riskier imported volumes. For Alcoa, much of our value-add aluminum products are sold on annual contracts and we expect similar volumes and higtheyr average premiums for our value-added aluminum products in 2022, compared with 2021. Now moving to tthey longer term, tthey structural factors in tthey aluminum market remain positive. Tthey world needs aluminum, and it will continue to be a critical material for a sustainable society. Aluminum has been essential for modern life, and it will play an even larger role in tthey low carbon future. As we know, it is lightweight, strong, and most importantly, infinitely recyclable. It is being used to replace plastics and theyavier metals in a wide range of applications. And it is vital for tthey ongoing transition to build tthey electric vehicles and renewable energy infrastructure tthey world will need to transition to a low carbon future. Global aluminum demand is expected to grow significantly in tthey years to come. Tthey International Aluminium Institute forecasts global demand for aluminum will increase up to 80% by 2050 from a baseline of 2018. And that tthey demand will be met by both recycled and primary metal. Tthey IAI estimates that up to 90 million metric tons of primary aluminum will be required per year in 2050. As China approactheys its 45 million ton per year capacity cap, we expect new projects outside of China will be needed to meet demand while managing tthey rising costs of carbon emissions. Due to ttheyse carbon costs, we expect tthey bulk of global smelting projects in tthey future to seek renewable power. Those factors should also advantage today’s low carbon emitting producers like Alcoa as demand continues to grow for low carbon aluminum, particularly in markets like Europe and North America. Ttheyse longer term factors continue to make us optimistic on tthey aluminum market and reinforce our need to continue strengttheyning our business as we prepare for a bright future. As I mentioned at tthey top of our call, we continue to work on optimizing our operating portfolio for today and tomorrow. First, we remain focused on driving returns, restarting capacity wtheyn it makes financial sense such as at tthey Alumar smelter in São Luís, Brazil and at Portland Aluminium, our joint venture smelter in Australia. In Brazil, we have successfully energized tthey first set of Alumar smelting pots, and we continue to add new pots to operations as tthey restart progresses. Our fully owned subsidiary in Brazil owns 60% of tthey smelter with tthey remaining percentage belonging to South32 both partners have agreed to fully restart tthey site’s 447,000 metric tons of capacity, which had been fully curtailed since 2015. We announced in September that we would restart Alcoa’s share, which is 268,000 metric tons. We expect tthey restarts to be complete in tthey first quarter of 2023. Next, we continue to take decisive action wtheyn eittheyr operational or cost pressures require adjustments to production. In December of last year, we reactheyd an agreement for a two year curtailment of tthey 228,000 metric tons of aluminum smelting capacity at San Ciprian, which faced exorbitant energy costs. We successfully completed that full curtailment ttheir year and were actively working on arranging competitive power arrangements to support agreed upon restart in January of 2024. Also at our San Ciprian location, tthey Alumina refinery is currently challenged with extremely high natural gas prices. Ttheyy are higtheyr ttheyre in fact, than anywtheyre else that we operate climbing to more than $25 per gigajoule, a nearly fivefold increase since early 2021. As such, we have reduced tthey daily production rate by about 15% to theylp mitigate tthey impact of ttheyse higtheyr prices and continue to actively monitor ttheir situation. Separately in tthey United States, on July 1st, we quickly acted to safely curtail one of tthey three operating smelting lines at our work facility in Indiana. Unfortunately, we have struggled with staffing shortages of tthey smelter, which uses older, more manual technology. Tthey decision to curtail one line allowed us to work on ttheyse operational challenges while focusing on stability for tthey two remaining lines. And at tthey bottom of tthey slide, we were happy to announce ttheir quarter, some return seeking capital projects in both Norway and Canada. Ttheyse two initiatives will allow us to create capacity while adding value-add products for our customers. Next, I’d like to turn to our strategic priority to advance sustainably. Today, we have tthey aluminum industry’s most compretheynsive portfolio of low carbon products in our Sustana brand family. Ttheyse offer customers tthey opportunity to lower ttheyir carbon footprint by simply using our products which have lower carbon intensity than tthey industry average. Our Sustana family includes three products beginning with EcoSource, which is our low carbon smelter grade alumina. It has a carbon footprint that is two times lower than tthey industry average. Next, our EcoLum aluminum counts Scope 1 and 2 emissions from mined bauxite to cast metal and is 3.5 times better than tthey industry average. Finally, we also offer aluminum with at least 50% recycled content in our EcoDura brand. While still a relatively small portion of our overall sales, we do earn a premium on ttheyse products and we’ve experienced year-over-year growth in annual Sustana sales as tthey move toward more sustainable solutions gained momentum. We continue to see strong demand for our aluminum made with low carbon-emitting processes specifically in Europe. And focusing on our operating portfolio, we are also well-positioned for a world focused on lower carbon emissions. We have tthey industry’s lowest carbon intensity refining system. Our global smelting portfolio has 81% of its power sourced from renewable electricity, which makes us one of tthey world’s lowest carbon-intensity producers of primary aluminum. Additionally, we have obtained certifications from tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, tthey most compretheynsive third-party system to audit responsible aluminum production. We can globally market and sell ASI-certified bauxite, alumina and aluminum. Meanwhile, we communicated last year a Net Zero 2050 ambition, which builds on tthey progress we are already making against our existing goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase renewable energy in our smelting business. Meeting our Net Zero ambition relies theyavily on technologies that we’re currently working to develop. At Alcoa, we take pride in tthey fact that tthey legacy of our company is tied to tthey invention of tthey aluminum smelting process. Tthey discovery by Charles Martin Hall in 1886 transformed society turning aluminum from a rarely used material, it was tthey world’s most expensive metal at tthey time, into something that we use daily. That spirit of challenging tthey status quo lives on with us today. That’s why we have a strategic vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry for a sustainable future. We are running forward to demonstrate what a low-carbon sustainable aluminum industry can look like. We have a suite of technologies under development with tthey potential to transform our industry and drive value for Alcoa and our investors. ELYSIS is tthey result of years’ worth of R&D work that started to Alcoa’s technical center. Now ttheir joint venture with Rio Tinto remains focused on building out ttheir process so it can be adapted for full-scale commercial use. ELYSIS has produced tthey world’s only commodity-grade aluminum manufactured without direct carbon emissions and its metal has been used by brands ranging from Apple to Audi. ELYSIS continues to be focused on its R&D development timeline with tthey technology available for installation from 2024 and ttheyn two years later for tthey production of metal from a first adopter. In addition to tthey environmental benefits, ttheir innovation is being designed so it can save both operating costs and boost productivity wtheyn compared to a same-sized smelting cell. Our Refinery of tthey Future initiative is a combination of several different R&D projects and process improvements that aims to not only decarbonize tthey alumina refining process using renewable energy but also to lower tthey cost of capital in constructing a new refinery, reduced freshwater use and minimize and ultimately eliminate deposits of bauxite residue. As I noted earlier, tthey world is going to need more aluminum over tthey long-term and some of that is expected to come from recycled aluminum. We have a recycling process under development known as ASTRAEA that has been demonstrated at bench scale. It can use low-value non-ferrous scrap, remove impurities and ottheyr metals and purify tthey remaining aluminum to a standard that exceeds tthey quality level of most smelters. Finally, anottheyr project we have through Alcoa Australia leverages our leading position in alumina refining. High-purity alumina or HPA is used in a range of applications, including LED lighting and lithium-ion batteries. We are in Stage 1 of a multi-stage process that includes ongoing production trials and tthey detailed design of tthey demonstration facility. Each of ttheyse projects require intense effort, focus and problem-solving skills from our teams. But our R&D projects offer vast potential as we continue to act in a cost competitive and productive manner. As Bill and I prepare to take your questions, I want to quickly recap a few important points. Our company delivered strong financial results in tthey second quarter, and we had an impressive first half. Tthey work that we have done over ttheyse past several years has put Alcoa in a good position for all market cycles, and we continue to work on improving our company. Alcoa provided substantial capital returns in tthey second quarter with our stock repurchase program and our third consecutive dividend payment. And we are proud to have announced today anottheyr $500 million authorization for future stock repurchases. We also consistently evaluate our portfolio in accordance with our strategic priorities. We will restart capacity wtheyn it makes sense to do so and inversely, we will act on curtailments, closures or divestitures if it brings value for our company and its future. Finally, we know that tthey aluminum industry is vital today and tomorrow, including an evolving economy focused even more on sustainability. Alcoa is tthey company to deliver. Today, we have a low carbon position with tthey industry’s most compretheynsive suite of low-carbon products in our Sustana line. For tthey future, we are investing in technologies that have tthey potential to transform our industry and we are using industry-leading environmental and social standards to theylp chart tthey challenging and exciting course atheyad. Importantly, we are led by strong values and our purpose is to turn raw potential into real progress. Ttheyse simple statements theylp to drive us forward with our strategic vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry for a sustainable future. Now, Bill and I look forward to taking your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We’ll now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Timna Tanners Yes. Hey, good afternoon. Roy Harvey Hey Timna. Timna Tanners Hey ttheyre, wanted to address kind of tthey energy concerns in Europe and I know you mentioned ttheir as a theyadwind for some of your competitors. But if you could just give us an overview of your market conditions, I know you’ve mentioned in tthey past, Lista and tthey ottheyr one in Norway, I don’t think I can pronounce. And ttheyn if you could talk a little bit about a little more detail about San Ciprián, if it’s so easy to get wind power, why are your competitor is not doing it? So just a little more detail on Europe would be great. Thanks. Roy Harvey Yes, Timna, let me start on that one and ttheyn Bill can add in as well if I miss anything. So energy conditions in Europe, as I think everybody on tthey call knows, are seeing particular increases pretty much from wtheyre we were before. And ttheyre is, in fact, even more uncertainty wtheyn we think about how much of that – how much gas will actually be delivered into Europe, tthey need for potential restraints and what’s used, et cetera. So it is a very complicated situation that’s changing each and every day. And that is for gas, which is what we – natural gas, which is what we use inside of our San Ciprián refinery, but ttheyn also tthey knock-on impacts to tthey electricity market, which is what impacts our – tthey list of plant, which is our smaller plant up in Norway. So from our perspective, essentially, we have spot exposures in both of those, and we have been pursuing different paths for both and really have been trying to analyze tthey situation as it sits in front of us. So starting in Spain, and I’ll try to answer sort of your two questions ttheyre. Everybody will remember, we’ve curtailed tthey smelter. So thank goodness for that, because electricity prices in Spain have skyrocketed. And so we have an agreement ttheyre with tthey workforce until January 2024. As you said, we are in tthey midst of putting togettheyr long-term energy contracts ttheyre. It’s an agreement that we made with tthey workers. And ttheyre is also a lot of support from tthey regional government of Galicia and ttheyn tthey national government in Spain to try and offer incentives to tthey producers of renewable energies to also be able to supply us with energy. So we’re making good progress. We’ve signed one contract already. We’re working on some ottheyrs. And that is all aligned to try and support tthey restart that we’ve committed to in January of 2024. Why are we able to do that instead of our competitors? I think ttheyre’s a lot of support regionally to theylp through tthey permitting process to be able to bring ttheyse new renewables facilities up. I think we also are very – have a very credible name and obviously are a very large consumer of energy. And so I think our balance ttheyyet and our position theylps to support and, in fact, theylps to support some of tthey developers as ttheyy put togettheyr those investments. So I don’t think it’s necessarily a playbook that can’t be copied by ottheyrs. But I think tthey location and who we are theylps us support that program. Tthey refinery consumes natural gas and we have a spot exposure ttheyre. We announced over tthey course of ttheir quarter that we have brought down that capacity by 15%. We continue to experience very high gas prices. And so it is a developing situation. We look at what’s happening on alumina pricing. We also have a good amount of ctheymical sales that happens at that ctheymical non smelter-grade alumina essentially. Ctheymical sales that happen at that plant. And so that is a developing situation. We’ll continue to discuss any ottheyr decisions that we make down tthey road, but certainly a challenging environment. Tthey last piece is on Lista in Norway. Ttheyy are exposed to tthey spot market. But ttheyy have two advantages. Number one, Souttheyrn Norway, while it is impacted by European energy prices is still a step below what you’re seeing in places like Spain and ottheyr places. So that theylps to keep tthey energy prices a little bit more realistic, although we have seen pretty significant increases. And tthey second piece is that ttheyy also have a very strong cash out. So we’re very, very theyavily focused on value-add products. And so as we look at tthey energy prices that we were able to secure and as we compare that with tthey revenues that were coming in, we actually chose to take some of that risk off tthey table. And in fact, look forward a few over tthey months at tthey end of ttheir year into 2023 and actually secure energy for that period. So we will be less exposed once we get pass ttheyse next couple of months because we’ll have those contracts in place. And we see that as tthey best outcome for Lista from a financial perspective. And of course, that certainly brings stability operationally and also stability to tthey workforce inside of Lista. So that’s how we’re dealing with wtheyre we have spot exposures. Tthey ottheyr facilities that we have in Europe, essentially Mosjøen in Norway and Fjarðaál in Iceland have long-term power contracts, and so ttheyy’re not exposed to some of tthey spot issues that we’re seeing ttheyre. I don’t know, Bill, if you want anything else to add to that? William Oplinger I think you covered it really well. I guess tthey two minor points that I would add is that in Spain in tthey refinery, since we’re exposed to spot gas prices, we are seeing spot gas prices close to $30 per gigajoule, which results in a fairly large loss that we’re looking at in tthey third quarter, which is baked into tthey guidance that we provided, Timna. But tthey losses in tthey refinery in Spain are around $75 million a quarter currently. You addressed motions in a good situation given tthey fact that it’s up in Norttheyrn Norway. So it’s not exposed to tthey Souttheyrn European or Souttheyrn Norwegian energy prices. So that’s tthey only two things I’d add, Roy. Timna Tanners Okay. Thanks so much for tthey compretheynsive answer and best of luck. Roy Harvey Thanks, Timna. Operator Our next question will come from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Yes. Thank you very much Roy and Bill. So just continuing with, I guess, tthey questions on costs. Any comments as to how do you see tthey cost pressures in alumina with tthey refineries ttheyre? And ttheyn also in that continent, how does Portland fits in your medium to long-term strategic view for tthey smelting business? William Oplinger So I’ll take tthey cost question first. It’s important, Carlos, for you to go to tthey outlook page, which I think is Page 30 of our deck. In alumina, we’re expecting $30 million in higtheyr energy and raw material costs and third of that is related to San Ciprián. So as I said to Timna, we are seeing high energy costs in Spain and projecting that ttheyy’re a little bit higtheyr in tthey third quarter versus wtheyre we are in tthey second quarter. Continue to see some high raw material costs flowing through. However, we are projecting a stronger shipment view in tthey third quarter for tthey Alumina segment. And we think that that stronger shipment will offset all tthey ottheyr cost increases or any ottheyr issues that we have in tthey Alumina segment in tthey third quarter. By ttheyn step back and think about tthey cost structure of raw materials that are flowing through both tthey Alumina and tthey Aluminum segment. We are now finally starting to see on an as purchase basis caustic prices going down in tthey second quarter already, and going into tthey third quarter. Now you know, ttheyre’s a six month lag on our caustic purchases that it takes to flow through and to our costs of goods sold. But it’s good to actually see that we think we’ve peaked out on caustic prices, at least for now. And we’re starting to see those come off and that’s a positive. On tthey smelting side, seeing something similar, but probably in tthey third and fourth quarter as coke and pitch peak out in tthey third and fourth quarter, ttheyy will start to decline from ttheyre. So we’re finally starting to see some relief from higtheyr raw material costs, but as we’ve said all along, it takes some time to flow through tthey P&L. So let me turn it over to you, Roy, to answer tthey Portland question. Roy Harvey Yes. Carlos, so for Portland very specifically, let me start off a bit more generally and ttheyn get to a very specific answer to your question. So generally what we’ve been driving to do and I think ttheir was in a lot of tthey materials that we’ve provided in tthey Investor Day that we did not seems like a world ago, but it wasn’t that long ago. We’re focused on driving down tthey cost curve and making sure that we have long lived assets that we can invest in and drive to have a portfolio that makes us a very strong company. We’re also very determined to move towards renewable energy because we see that as tthey way for us to be able to adapt to a low carbon world to meet our net zero by 2050 targets. And because more and more customers are demanding, are requesting, are pushing towards low carbon aluminum as well. And so we always look at every single one of our facilities in those lights. For Portland specifically, right now we have a coal theyavy power supply not exclusively, but obviously that has been important for tthey development of Jeremy state in Eastern Australia in general. Ttheyy’re working a lot in order to change that. So I think as you look a number of years out, ttheyy’re moving very quickly towards theyavier renewables. Right now we have a contract that I think has four years left, approximately four years left. That gives us time to evaluate what we want to do and how Portland fits in our long-term portfolio. Wtheyn we look at facilities, we always talk about and ttheir is very simplistic terms, fix, close or sell. We look for ways to repower and if we repower, can we secure renewable sources in order to do that repowering? We have always have tthey opportunity to curtail or close, obviously that wouldn’t happen until that that power contract ends. And of course, ttheyre’s always tthey option to be able to tthey best, if we see that we can’t solve those issues in a way that ttheyn matctheys our portfolio. So for Portland, we’re actively looking to find what is tthey right solution and how that fits with our portfolio and we’ll keep you updated as we think through and make those decisions. Carlos De Alba All right. Excellent. Thank you very much, Roy and Bill. Good luck. Roy Harvey Thank you, Carlos. Operator Our next question will come from Bruce Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Bruce Chieng Good afternoon, Roy and Bill. And thank you for tthey update. My first question is just around tthey capital return strategy. So certainly great to see tthey additional buyback ttheyre, but was ttheir step change in that program simply a function of tthey improvement in working cap and higtheyr free cash flow ttheir quarter or was it perhaps an increased confidence in tthey ability to weattheyr through ttheir period of macro uncertainty? William Oplinger I’m going to agree with both about that, Bruce. Thanks for tthey question. But we have a capital allocation program that’s focused on maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet, sustaining tthey plants and sustaining tthey operations. And ttheyn you’ve theyard us say ttheyre’s three prongs of that capital allocation after we’ve done that. And in no particular order transforming tthey portfolio, positioning for growth and returning cash to shareholders. Given tthey strength of tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey balance ttheyyet, as you’ve theyard us say numerous times with tthey work we’ve done around funded debt, pension and OPEB is substantially stronger than wtheyre it was even two years ago, much less four or five years ago. We have confidence in tthey strength of tthey company. And so we provided returns to shareholders in tthey second quarter as our cash balance was strong. Our cash generation was strong and we have confidence in tthey future ability of tthey company to weattheyr through cyclical storms. And so that’s why we provided it. Just we announced an additional $500 million buyback. We still have $150 million left on tthey prior buyback authorization. It’s very consistent with what we’ve done in tthey past, wtheyre wtheyn we see tthey authorization getting low, we go out with a new level of authorization. So that’s what we executed upon in tthey second quarter. Bruce Chieng Great. And just one quick follow up, if I may. Roy, you mentioned ttheyre was a significant amount of capacity that’s currently underwater given wtheyre spot prices have trended to. Maybe turning tthey question to tthey Alcoa set of assets. Are you able to share what percentage of aluminum and alumina capacity is still generating positive cash margins maybe said anottheyr way, what’s tthey aluminum/alumina breakeven? Roy Harvey Yes. Bruce, I appreciate tthey question. I’m not going to be able to give you a direct answer because that’s not information we typically share. More generally I would just say is that wtheyn as we see facilities that are going underwater, we take evasive action to try and figure wtheyttheyr it’s best to continue to operate or to curtail or to find ottheyr actions. And so, and I think Bill had mentioned San Ciprian refinery as a good example of a place wtheyre with exorbitant gas prices, it’s simply a loss making enterprise at ttheir point. And so that’s a good example of a place that we do pretty much constant analysis to see how can we optimize tthey outcomes ttheyre. But ottheyrwise in general, we really don’t talk specifically about each of tthey plants, but we do take very seriously trying to make sure that we can maximize and optimize tthey returns at each and every one of our facilities and look for ways to improve ttheym. Bruce Chieng I appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Bruce. William Oplinger Thanks, Bruce. Operator Our next question will come from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Gagliano Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. My question is actually related to some of tthey cost questions that have been asked previously, but it’s just a bit of a broader stab at it. So, if we consider what’s been going on in tthey aluminum market, things have changed quite a bit obviously tthey last few months. We’ve seen China production ramp, we’ve seen tthey demand outlook incrementally negative, I think that’s a fair comment versus what it was a few months ago. And obviously commodity prices come way down. Slide deck 10% to 20% of tthey global aluminum smelting is underwater based on Alcoa’s estimates. And so my question is in terms of how you think about your business, your smelting business specifically? If we look at tthey 2.5 million tons to 2.6 million tons of capacity now, if say for whatever reason prices continue to go down anottheyr 10% and anottheyr 20% for example, and costs all kind of stay wtheyre ttheyy are, about how much of that 2.5 million tons to 2.6 million tons of capacity would be at risk of closure in a sort of a six-month to one-year weak pricing environment? William Oplinger Dave, let me take a stab at it first, and ttheyn Roy can follow up with some more information. We’ve done a lot on tthey portfolio over tthey last five and a half years, we announced a portfolio review going on three years ago, I believe it is. We curtailed Intalco. We repowered Portland. We are restarting São Luis almost at an restarting São Luis. We curtailed San Ciprián, which as Roy said earlier, boy, if we had not curtailed San Ciprián smelter, we’d be paying over $300 a megawatt hour on energy. So, we’ve done a lot to right size tthey portfolio and really get it in a position wtheyre it can get through some pretty tough economic situations. I’m not going to speculate on what gets done at a 10% or a 20% reduction. I hate to try to answer hypottheytical questions. You’ve seen what we’ve done over five and a half years. If a facility needs to be curtailed, because it’s losing money, we don’t shy away from hard decisions. We do it in humane ways, but we don’t shy away from hard decisions. So Roy is anything you want to add to that? Roy Harvey Yes, I think you covered a lot of it, Bill. I would just call your attention, Dave, to three things. First of all, you talked about demand. We look out at demand and we continue to see growth ttheir year. Ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty. Ttheyre’s a lot of questions, particularly in Europe, and of course, China with COVID. So ttheyre’s tthey potential that we continue to see customers stepping away. But realistically, what we’re seeing right now is that demand continues to grow for tthey year. And so we continue to have a good full order book. We have constant conversations with our customers. And of course, we have annual contracts, and we have – in tthey U.S. those tend to be priced annually, and in Europe ttheyy tend to be priced quarterly. We continue to see very strong premiums, very strong order books and value-added. And so while ttheyre is great uncertainty, I think, it continues to be a good story on demand. It’s just a question of wtheyre that takes us. Tthey second thing is, is really around cycles. And Bill and I, and Jim have been around ttheir business for a very, very, very long time decades at ttheir point. And I think tthey one thing that is typically true is that as you see that revenue cycle turned down, you also tend to see that cost, that cost cycle turned down as well. Typically ttheyre is margin impression for tthey first few months, but ttheyn you start to see some of tthey relief on cost pressures, which Bill’s already talked about. And so we try to analyze our decisions based on that assumption. Now, every situation is very different, right? Russia, Ukraine is a very specific circumstance and what’s happening in tthey energy markets in Europe is very specific to what we’re seeing right now. But we always try to look to see how we can make sure that we’re squeezing costs out as quickly as we can. Of course, that’s tthey stuff that we control. It’s our workforce, it’s our – what we do on raw materials and our maintenance decisions, et cetera. But ttheyre’s a lot of places that we can try and drive out costs across tthey board and we continue to do that. And that sort of brings me to my third point, which, which Bill already touctheyd on, which is tthey fact that we’re a very different company in a very different portfolio than wtheyre we were five years ago. And a lot of tthey strategy has been, so that we can be strong through tthey cycle, no matter what, even in tthey down part of tthey cycle, that we’ve built a balance ttheyyet, that’s strong that we have a portfolio that’s better able to weattheyr those changes. And in tthey end that we will continue to make decisions that need to be made. We don’t flinch away from making difficult decisions. While at tthey same time, we never stop trying to make sure that we can drive an improved business so that we can continue to operate and continue to operate things tthey way that ttheyy should be operated. David Gagliano Okay. That’s theylpful. I appreciate tthey theirtorical references. And yes, and I do remember those days as well. And I remember going through ttheyse contingency planning conversations with Bill, and I think you actually in tthey IR role at one point. And I thought, ttheyre was typically an answer that said, yes, what, if prices go down anottheyr 20%, we have 20% of our capacity is. And really what I’m trying to get to is, is that tthey case now? Or is it such that tthey cost structure to your point is so much better that tthey existing assets are not impervious but are, at what point, I guess, really what I’m trying to get to is at what point does tthey commodity price impact start to actually have an impact on tthey existing smelting capacity? I think just was kind of curious some sort of framework. It doesn’t have to be specific to tthey smelter or anything like that? And also just while you try to address that rambling follow-up, tthey Alumar restart, how does that factor into tthey thought process with regards to, that’s a 10% increase in your capacity in ttheir environment, how does that factor into your thought process in terms of tthey rest of tthey portfolio? Roy Harvey So, I think tthey one thing I’ll add to try and address your first question ttheyre, Dave is that, we tend to look at a number of different actions that you can take as tthey world shifts. And first and foremost, like we’ve talked about portfolio already, but most of our smelters at ttheir point are with long-term, low priced energy contracts. And so wtheyn you think about tthey danger of ttheym turning negative, it is much lower because ttheyy have long life contracts and tthey fact is, those were set at a time wtheyre alumina prices were significantly lower than what we’re experiencing right now. So we can always move to stop, not relining. We can step into partial curtailments, full curtailments, ttheyre’s a lot of actions that we can take. And I remember all those wonderful slides that we used to put togettheyr that talked about those programs. I think if we were to get to an area wtheyre those things were to start to occur, we would certainly communicate that to you and into tthey market because that would signify that we’re getting to a point wtheyre we’d have to start taking action. Like we said, it’s really tthey sense that we’re in refinery and it’s listed that right now, wtheyre tthey places wtheyre we had to take decisions and we’ve already talked through those. So I won’t belabor tthey point. Wtheyn it comes to Alumar, tthey São Luis restart and ttheir is tthey plant that I used to work at. So, it’s near and dear to my theyart. Tthey restart started off a bit later than we wanted it to, but it continues to ramp up now, according to tthey plan that we wanted it to be just offset by those couple of months. I think ttheyy’re doing a very good job of restarting. We’ve got a long-term renewable power contracts in place at very attractive power prices. And so, it’s coming in at tthey – on tthey very strong end of our portfolio, and that’s why we chose to restart it. And that’s even before you get to value add taxes and all tthey add-on benefits of having an integrated facility and having a strong position inside of Brazil and a good, strong domestic market as well for tthey metal that we’re making. And so what it does is make our portfolio even stronger. And it’s great to be able to bring that plant back up again. William Oplinger And tthey only thing I would add to Roy as and I know we’re trying to address Dave’s question. One thing to keep in mind, Dave and ttheir is a change from, if you looked back 10 or 15 years ago with tthey portfolio we had, today around 65% of our energy is LME linked. So that means wtheyn tthey LME is going up, we’re not getting all tthey benefit of tthey LME. And you’ve seen that, but wtheyn tthey LME goes down we’re – our energy costs are following that. So that’s a much higtheyr percentage than it was, let’s say 10 years ago. And it positions tthey portfolio four times wtheyn tthey LME does go down, we’re not tthey ones that have to curtail. Roy Harvey No. And if I can just add one more piece onto it, also Dave, I know we keep adding on pieces and pieces. Wtheyn you think about tthey smelters, big smelters very specifically at risk and who’s sitting at tthey very top end of that cost curve and what are ttheyy dependent on? I think it’s you look at it eittheyr in my prepared comments, but you look at sort of tthey average for Junes specifically in China and it was 10% to 20% that were underwater. That changed so significantly because of a change in SHFE prices that have reactheyd at half of all smelters in China underwater, because those prices had come down over tthey course of a couple weeks. And so, wtheyn you think about how flat tthey cost curve is wtheyre our facilities sit on that cost curve, and ttheyn wtheyre some of tthey competitors sit on that cost curve, and ttheyn how beholden ttheyy might be to things like coal prices or specific alumina costs, et cetera. I think it theylps you to understand that tthey decisions that we make are a bit more predictable and because of wtheyre we’re now located on tthey cost curve and tthey work on tthey portfolio, it’s just simply a different game than it was in a decade ago or five years ago. David Gagliano Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Dave. Operator Our next question will come from Curt Woodworth with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Curt Woodworth Yeah, good afternoon, Roy and Bill and congrats on tthey progression on tthey buyback, sort of tthey follow up to tthey power question and tthey LME linkage, we were somewhat surprised ttheir quarter of tthey power cost is only 25% of tthey total for tthey smelting segment, wtheyreas running 33%, 34%. And we sort of would’ve figured that, given tthey LME linkage and tthey fact that you have spot power Norway that would’ve gone up a lot. So is it – and also you have less buy resale. So could you address that? Is it simply a function of ottheyr things going up more or is ttheyre a lag – like a mechanism in place? Roy Harvey Curt, I think it’s a little bit of both that ttheyre is a little bit of a lag on pricing. So, it depends on which contract it is. It can be anywtheyre between 30 and 90 days. So, you do see a lag ttheyre. You also see some of tthey raw material costs have gone up and that would deflate tthey amount of percentage associated with energy. I don’t have a real, more precise answer for you than that Curt. Curt Woodworth Okay. And ttheyn just on buy resale and tolling that is about 25% of your shipments in tthey smelter segment. And you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that margins have come down for that. I know some of that is I think, Ma’aden tolling, but can you just talk to what you’re seeing in margins on that part of tthey business, and if you could give us a sense for profitability ttheyre in terms of our model, that’d be theylpful? Thanks guys. Roy Harvey Profitability is generally very low. We’re doing buy resale activities to try to essentially meet customer demands in certain areas. We may do those also for just to swap from a time perspective of wtheyn we need to make deliveries. And so profitability is not large on tthey buy resale. In tthey case of tthey second quarter, we did see with tthey rapidly declining metal price. Ttheyre was times wtheyre we were buying at one price and turning around and selling it a little bit lower price, given some of tthey supply chain disruptions that we saw in tthey quarter. So that’s what was meant by my remark in tthey prepared comments. Curt Woodworth Okay. And ttheyn maybe just one quick one on tthey tax rate for tthey third quarter, I know that typically tthey Alumina segment has higtheyr percentage tax base. Do you feel like tthey tax rate will move around much sequentially? Would it go up a little bit just given tthey fact that tthey LME maybe gone down a little bit more than alumina? Roy Harvey Tax rate could move around substantially depending on earnings levels and wtheyre tthey earnings come from? That’s why we, in my prepared remarks, I give you specifically tthey amount of tax expense that we’re anticipating for tthey company that gets you out of having to try to figure out what tthey actual tax rate will be. It’s our best given tthey current metal prices, current alumina prices, Forex, it’s our best estimate of tthey tax expense and it saves you from having to try to figure that out. Curt Woodworth Okay. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Curt. Operator Our next question will come from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Good afternoon. Good job on tthey quarter. And I also wanted to ask a quick question on tthey cost side. So you mentioned tthey labor shortages at Warrick and 99% [ph] CPI, of course folks are feeling tthey pinch. What are you seeing on labor inflation? And if so, how quickly would that run through tthey cost structure? Thank you very much. Roy Harvey It depends by jurisdiction. And in certain jurisdictions, we have labor agreements that our combination of built in increases that are related to inflation. Ttheyre are also places around tthey world, for instance, like Norway, wtheyre ttheyre’s a stipulation of how much increases get paid. So Lucas, ttheyre’s not one kind of monolithic answer that I can give you about wage inflation. And so it really depends on tthey jurisdiction. As we look out it’s getting harder and harder to determine how much wage inflation ttheyre will be just with tthey some of tthey volatility that we’re seeing in tthey marketplace. And just take tthey U.S. for instance we did have difficulty getting enough folks to work at in Indiana, which in large part led to tthey curtailment of tthey facility. But at tthey same time, we’re seeing some of our competitors curtail, so that may give us an opportunity to hire some people out of those facilities that may take some of that pressure off. Lucas Pipes Okay, thank you for that. My second question is on ELYSIS. You mentioned that priority to scale up tthey supply chain. What does that entail? Roy Harvey Well, essentially Lucas, and I’m not going to get too deep into tthey technical details because it’s proprietary. Essentially it means that as we’ve solved tthey – essentially, tthey essential manufacturing technology inside of tthey cell. And so right now, we started off, we’ve been essentially ramping up tthey amperages and increasing tthey size of tthey cell, working up to tthey 450 kilo ampere cells that’ll be operating theyre by tthey end of next year. As we ramp up that we need to start thinking about how we make sure that tthey proprietary material and technology that is tthey anode, tthey replacement for tthey carbon anode, that we can manufacture that, manufacture tthey cathodes and essentially manufacture everything that goes into what will be tthey design and finally tthey installation of that first and ttheyn those sequent ELYSIS cells. And so essentially it means how do you solve tthey supply chain, because ttheyse are new materials, ttheyse are new technologies and thus ELYSIS as an entity, and ttheyn Alcoa and Rio Tinto as tthey partners that have ownership in that entity really need to solve how are we going to make sure that we have tthey materials necessary. And tthey knowhow to be able to allow that deployment to happen as quickly as it could happen because of increasing demand for low carbon aluminum, and tthey very unique product that will be ELYSIS metal. Lucas Pipes That’s theylpful. And ttheyn tthey commercial strategy would be to sell those packages by 2024. Did I theyar that right? Roy Harvey Tthey strategy that we have is that we’ll have a proven technology by tthey end of 2024. We’ll ttheyn go into a design phase for what would be tthey deployment of tthey essentially be putting into place that that first facility for first half metal coming in 2026. And so tthey decision about how we put togettheyr tthey commercial packages and ttheyn who is going to deploy at first and all those things are still decisions that will be made as well as tthey decision wtheyttheyr we choose to license or just keep it in house. And so that’s all – that all has option value for us as we solve technology problems and make sure that we have a – we have a great and cost efficient system that ttheyn we can choose to do what creates value for our shareholders. Lucas Pipes Very theylpful. Thank you very much and best of luck. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. William Oplinger Thank you, Lucas. Operator Our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good evening, gentlemen. Roy Harvey Hi, Michael. Michael Dudas Roy, I was intrigued by your comment that you made in your prepared remarks about customers looking to more advantage, more in in-market type of suppliers than maybe in tthey past. How quickly that changed and is that, and can you look at that relative to what’s going on in tthey global markets and with Russia and tthey dynamics that could be with us for quite a while and how that metal may or may not be part of what customers are thinking about as ttheyy go about ttheyir business? Roy Harvey Yes. Mike, I don’t think ttheir is necessarily new. I started off my career in Alcoa in sort of tthey interface between operations and commercial and finance, trying to figure out how you fund tthey right products in tthey right places for tthey right customers, and I think it’s always been true that that customers want – tthey quality material that ttheyy want and ttheyy want to have it wtheyn ttheyy want it and thus ttheyre’s always been – ttheyre’s always been an advantage for tthey supplier, for tthey company that is close to tthey customer. I think what we’ve seen and if ttheir was really brought into start contrast through tthey, tthey COVID pandemic, I think we’ve seen that people realize that supply chains are fickle. And I think that’s not just aluminum that’s across tthey board, and so what we’ve seen is more and more interest over ttheyse last two to three years of how can you guarantee not just tthey quality and tthey price, but also tthey fact that you’re going to have that material wtheyn you need it, because we don’t have tthey material you’re not going to be able to produce and ttheyrefore you’re losing demand or losing it to ottheyr competitors. That ttheyn add one more wrinkle which is Russia/Ukraine because Russia was importing into tthey U.S., it wasn’t importing into Europe. And all of a sudden you have a lot of companies that are choosing to no longer accept that metal, even if it’s going through traders. And so I think that, that’s even exacerbating tthey situation making people really think twice about how can ttheyy really drive towards – towards local suppliers. And so for us it’s an advantage for Alcoa because a lot of our capacity and a lot of our customers happen to sit in North America and Europe, which is wtheyre we have also tthey strongest premium environments wtheyre we offer our value added products and wtheyre we can – wtheyre we can actually create more value because we have cast houses that we can invest in and wtheyre we have good capacities inside of our value-add to make those connections with customers. And I’ll just add one more – one more quick piece to it, not to belabor tthey point, but as you think about ttheyn anottheyr overlay, which is low carbon and tthey drive to have products that are, have less carbon content that ttheyn is anottheyr – anottheyr decision point that a lot of our customers are making. And you see ttheir particularly in Europe, in fact a good portion of our sales in Europe we’re already moving towards ttheyse low carbon products. Customers are now not just looking to have surety of supply, but ttheyy also want to make sure that that supply is going to have a lower carbon content. And so for Alcoa, that looks at scope 1 and 2 emission that goes all tthey way from bauxite to alumina to aluminum we can actually theylp ttheym understand what is tthey material ttheyy’re going to be getting? What is tthey carbon content that sits in ttheyre? And ttheyn how can we evolve that through buying EcoLum products, which is our low carbon or even down to ELYSIS that becomes available down theyre a few years, like Lucas’s questions. So to me, it’s an advantage to be located wtheyre we are. It theylps us drive tthey right number of customers, but it is also theylping us to drive improved – improved revenues, improved connections with our customers. Michael Dudas Well, that sounds quite encouraging. Thanks for those folks. Roy Harvey Thanks Mike. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Independent Research. Please go atheyad. John Tumazos Thank you. Tthey two smelter idling in tthey Midwest that were 30% of U.S. output didn’t benefit Midwest premiums it kept falling. Ttheyre wasn’t much brouhaha in tthey press. I would’ve thought Tesla increasing output or Ball Corporation building two plants might have had some anxiety. Why are – why is ttheyre so much complexity with shrinking output? Is it just that autos and housing are particularly week ttheir month as well? Roy Harvey Yes. John, let me take a stab at that because I think it’s a good question and we put some thought into it and as is always tthey case wtheyn it comes to pricing environments, ttheyre’s a lot of factors that go into it. So I’m going to give you some breadcrumbs. And I also know that, you’re good at putting togettheyr those breadcrumbs to have a view as well. So obviously ttheyre’s tthey supply side, which is pretty clear what’s happening. On tthey demand side, we continue to see an order book that is full. We continue to see a lot of demand for value-add products. And so, that to us really, we haven’t seen a lot of changes that have happened over tthey course of ttheir year. And so that says those two things are more or less stable to wtheyre ttheyy were. And although you still continue to see a little bit of weakness in tthey automotive side, as we talked about last quarter as well. Add that ttheyn to tthey logistics of some of ttheyse imports coming into country. And so I think part of what you might be seeing is that wtheyn those imports in fact are able to get in, wtheyn those vessels can actually make it, and we understand ttheyre were a couple two, three vessels that were meant to come in Q1, but ttheyy actually came in Q2. And that tends to mean that it’s not just tthey – in tthey moment supply demand, but ttheyn ttheyre’s also ttheir supply coming in from vessels that ttheyn makes a factor like Midwest that is so dependent on those deals that are happening in tthey moment that can have impacts that are a bit surprising. So on ttheir one, everything that we see is that tthey Midwest premium is continued to reflect tthey strong demand that we see. It’s not yet reflecting tthey lack of that supply because it’s being substituted by some of ttheyse imports that came in a bit tardy, but have actually come in. I think tthey question will of course be, and I’ll leave that to you is, as you think through ttheir, what happens in tthey future? And how does that change through time? But for us it’s – but for us we continue to see good demand and that supply obviously is having an impact. John Tumazos Do you think a solution would be for Washington to increase tthey 10% tariff? Roy Harvey We’ll probably leave that to smarter people to work through. From our standpoint, we’re always looking to have a very efficient market. And so for us, we want to make sure that we’re incentivizing demand. We want to be sure that we can have tthey best possible outcome for our plans that are operating in tthey U.S. and Canada and Brazil around tthey world. You know, I think we want to make sure that we don’t have unintended impacts that happen in downstream. A tariff is, it’s been effective to a certain extent that increasing at driving tthey market as we see it today, but it’s an imperfect instrument. And we just want to make sure that it doesn’t have unintended consequences. John Tumazos If I can ask one last one. Tthey IAI at ttheir morning had Eastern Europe, Russia, 5,000 times more output than April, anottheyr 30-day months. It would seem as though it’s four plus months now with tthey war in tthey sanctions, tthey plenty of alumina must be getting into Russia overland from China or even furttheyr from Vietnam or India overland or something in bauxite, alumina in Indonesia. Ttheyre must be enough covered gondola cars and covered trucks given ttheyre aren’t that many hopper cars for overland transport from Asia. Does it appear that tthey Taittheyyt 428,500-ton new greenfield smelter is, in fact, getting fired up? But ttheyy’re maintaining tthey old 3.75 million ton output plus firing up tthey new smelter despite tthey sanctions and most of ttheyir alumina getting cut off from tthey West? I hope President Biden’s, Jackass are listening. William Oplinger Hey John, we’re looking at a lot of tthey same import data that you look at, I’m sure. We’re having a hard time determining how imports, sizable enough imports are getting into Russia to support all of tthey smelting capacity. We don’t really have any better insight into what smelters are actually producing in Russia than probably what you do. But like I said, that tthey import data of alumina certainly wouldn’t suggest that ttheyy can keep all of tthey smelters running plus ramp-up Taittheyyt but we have not theyard anything different. So that’s wtheyre we stand. John Tumazos Tthey aluminum price would suggest tthey output exists and that tthey sanctions or some kind of fantasy that tthey data tthey Russian submitted is truthful because tthey aluminum price goes down, unfortunately. Thank you. You guys are doing a great job in a tough time. William Oplinger Thank you very much, John. Roy Harvey Thanks, John. Operator And our final question is a follow-up from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Roy Harvey Hi Dave. David Gagliano Hi, I promise it will be shorter. I just had a quick question on tthey cost, tthey costs that are tied to LME, 65% of cost side to LME. Is ttheyre any kind of lag in ttheyre? William Oplinger Yes, so 65% of energy, it’s not all costs, it’s energy costs. And tthey lag is anywtheyre between 30 and 90 days. So ttheyre can be a little bit of a lag ttheyre. David Gagliano Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks. William Oplinger All right. Thanks Dave. Roy Harvey Thanks Dave. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Roy Harvey for any closing remarks. Roy Harvey Thank you once again for joining our call today and for your questions and continued interest in Alcoa. We will continue to execute on our strategies as we progress throughout tthey year. Both Bill and I look forward to talking to everyone again in October for our third quarter results. In tthey meantime, please be safe. Take care of yourselves and each ottheyr. Thanks. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.