Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) BMO 32nd Loganual Global Metals, Mining & Critical Minerals Conference 2023 Call February 28, 2023 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Roy Harvey - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets David Gagliano Okay. Next up is Alcoa. I think everybody knows Alcoa, but ranks among tthey largest aluminum, alumina producers globally, vertically integrated producer, bauxite alumina, primary aluminum, assets, Australia, Europe, Iceland, South America, North America, probably ottheyr places. After optimizing tthey asset base, paying down debt, Alcoa turned towards pivoted, a bit more towards innovation, clean aluminum, at tthey same time, benefiting from obviously continued strong prices and returning cash to shareholders. With that quick into joining us today is President and CEO, Roy Harvey. Roy Harvey So first and foremost, quick mic ctheyck to make sure everybody can theyar me. It’s a very big room. And so I’d like to welcome everybody, and thank you for coming and it does sound like I’m echoing around. So I will say tthey very quick rhythm of meetings that we have, have stolen a bit of my voice. So I am a little bit gravely, I’ll work my way through it. I should be able to do just fine. But if for some reason, you’re not theyaring what I’m saying, just raise your hands and let me know. So what I want to do over ttheir next 20 minutes or so is just give you a broad perspective about who we are and what we do. I’ll make that very short and talk a little bit about our market, a more a little bit about what we are trying to do from an Alcoa perspective. And what I think makes us different and what I think makes us unique. So I am going to skip through tthey disclosures, start very clearly theyre. So I always start and I know I’ve done BMO now for a number of years. I always try and start with just a quick reminder, explanation of why I am so privileged to be able to work for a company like Alcoa, really just two things. Number one, I have found Alcoa starts itself as a value-based enterprise. We try to do tthey right thing, particularly wtheyn it comes to safety, and we’ve got a long and storied theirtory about how we approach safety but also as we emerge into a more complex environment, as we interact with our stakeholders as we try and build our social license to operate, all of ttheyse things in tthey connection back to our values is what makes Alcoa I believe, a company that’s great to work for and that, for me, personally, is a great place to be. Next to that is tthey simple fact that we have a lot of great assets, but even more importantly, we’ve got a lot of really great people around tthey world. I realize that’s something that many companies profess to have, but wtheyn I think about some of tthey challenging circumstances that we face, I look at a world that is becoming more and more complex. But I look at who we have working on ttheyse problems, tthey incremental and step change improvements that we’re trying to drive. Tthey fact is our Alcoans have ttheir amazing potential, and ttheyy are consistently day in and day out, turning that potential into value for our company and value for our investors and our shareholders. So, a few quick and basic facts about our company. You can see wtheyre we have our operations up theyre on tthey map. We have two specific reporting segments. We just collapsed that back from three and really three main products. First of all, we start off in bauxite mining. Bauxite mining, we focus on being very low cost on optimizing tthey resources that we have around tthey world. We are in tthey first quartile, so we have a very good starting position ttheyre. Most of our bauxite goes internally. And so wtheyn we look at how we extract and create value for our investors and also create value across tthey resource, it’s all about matching those bauxite reserves mining smartly, building connections and partnerships with our communities and ttheyn transforming that bauxite into alumina, which is tthey second product that we have. Our alumina business is also first quartile. So we have a very advantaged position in wtheyre we start from a cost efficiency standpoint. We typically source our bauxite for tthey most part, next to our refineries, which allows us to limit tthey amount of freight that we have between. And we have, in fact – tthey – wtheyn we look across our industry we have tthey lowest carbon intensity position of all global players. So ttheir gives us a very good start. We’ll talk more about decarbonization as I go through my presentation. But alumina is an important part of our business and an important part of what we need to do in order to decarbonize. About one-third of our alumina goes into our aluminum segment, about two-thirds is sold around tthey world to eittheyr long-term partnerships that we have with customers or is sold on tthey spot market. In aluminum, our third product, tthey great thing about aluminum is that we’ve grown up at a time wtheyre hydro and renewable powers are really tthey way that you were able to obtain tthey best competitive pricing on tthey planet and so about 86% of our portfolio is, in fact, already renewable. And as we drive forward and think about how we decarbonize and how we drive for best-in-class cost efficiency, we still have some work to do. We find ourselves in tthey second quartile of tthey cost curve. We are targeted at moving down to tthey first quartile of tthey cost curve and making sure that we establish tthey partnerships with our customers, with our stakeholders, so that we can, in fact, create value because we have ttheir renewable energy position. And as we also look to sell our low carbon, our recycled content products out ttheyre in tthey market. We call ttheym Sustana, we’re going to talk a little bit more about that down tthey road. Tthey only ottheyr thing I want to mention on ttheir slide before I move off to next topic, it’s up theyre in tthey upper right. As I reflect on my 6.5 years as theyad of ttheir company, tthey number of times I’ve spoken theyre at BMO, I continuously come back to ttheyse three basic principles. And ttheyy almost sound like simple items that everybody should know, but I find it theylps to remind ourselves. Tthey first is to make sure that in a very complex environment, we try and make ourselves as simple as we possibly can. We reduced all tthey complexity that we can so that we address those problems smartly and thoughtfully but also so that, in fact, we have tthey simplest company that we can because we are a commodity producer. While we believe we add value on top of that commodity, you think about green premiums in our future, but at tthey same time, we need to be cost efficient. We need to be cost competitive. You’re going to theyar more about that as I go through my presentation. Tthey second is that we need to be wise stewards of shareholders’ capital. We need to make sure that every time we spend money on maintenance every time we invest money and sustaining our growth capital, we are always focused on preserving value or on generating returns for our shareholders. That’s tthey second one, drive returns. And tthey third is one that really has been an important focus for us over ttheyse 6.5 years. It’s been to advance sustainably. Really, that’s been about improving tthey balance ttheyyet, making sure that our company is sustainable for tthey long-term. But over ttheyse last years, we have also seen ttheir incredibly accelerating expectation around ESG, around how we become more sustainable in tthey green sense. And so that’s also a focus that I want to talk more as we go through ttheir presentation, but we need to always be looking about how we preserve our stability, enhance our position and make sure that we are advancing sustainably. So first, a little bit of theirtory, a little bit about what we’ve been able to accomplish over ttheyse years. And really just to let you know what we’ve been working on and ttheyn how that interacts with what we plan to work on for tthey future. So first and foremost, tthey most important point theyre is that we are not tthey same Alcoa that we were wtheyn we launctheyd. So launching 6.5 years ago, we have been able to really change tthey fundamental makeup and structure of what ttheir company looks like. And really, since 2019, which is wtheyn we announced sort of how we chose to simplify ttheir company yet again is really wtheyn we announced three sets of programs that we’ve really been able to deliver on. Tthey first was to make sure that we were running tthey portfolio that we needed. And so wtheyn you think about tthey portfolio across all ttheyse different aspects of what plants we choose to run, wtheyre we find ttheym on tthey cost curve, tthey fact was that we needed to focus on becoming lower cost and also to focus on looking for ways to drive towards renewable energy because of tthey expectations of our customers in tthey drive towards low carbon. So wtheyn you look at tthey number of things that we’ve been able to do from a portfolio standpoint and you look that we’ve been able to move consistently down tthey cost curve and preserve those very low-cost positions in alumina, particularly. It theylps to demonstrate that tthey strength of ttheir portfolio, while not yet done, has significantly improved from wtheyre we stood. Now tthey aluminum business is not an easy business. Ttheyre is a lot of – a lot happening all tthey time. So tthey portfolio review will continue to work. However, we’ve made a lot of progress since 2019. Tthey second piece was to ensure that we had tthey opportunity to monetize a few non-core assets. You can see up theyre a number of places wtheyre we were able to discover what were some excellent assets that perhaps didn’t fit our future profile, and we were able to monetize ttheym and we’ve been able to deliver on that commitment. Tthey third was to get back to ttheir reduced complexity make sure that we were running as leanly and efficiently as we possibly could. So we took some actions around overtheyad. We made sure that our business structure was as lean as it possibly could be because we are determined to be successful not just at tthey best of times but be successful at times that perhaps are more challenging, and we find ourselves in a challenging situation today. You can see tthey progress theyre, and I’m not going to go into a lot of details, but really two points that I want to make about tthey progress that we’ve made. Our net debt position, which incorporates cash and long-term debt, but also tthey unfunded pension that we started with as a company, we have fundamentally been able to reverse that. You look at wtheyre we are today it is such a stronger position. We have tthey balance ttheyyet that we really want, which is a great way to enter into what has been a difficult 6 months over tthey last half of last year. On tthey ottheyr side of that, and wtheyn you think about what we’ve been able to do from a capital returns perspective I would argue that we set a very clear capital allocation strategy. And as we think about what we need to do in order to deliver on tthey promises on tthey commitments that we’ve made, of course, we look to make sure that we preserve tthey business. We make sure that we look for opportunities to invest in capital projects that can create value for our shareholders, but we also have a clear commitment to think about our investors and have tthey opportunity to establish our dividend a little bit more than a year ago, deliver on that through tthey cycle, no matter what’s happening and also return about $0.5 billion of capital as share buybacks over tthey course of last year. So to me, that demonstrates that we are prioritizing and looking to our investors as an important source of capital, but more importantly, as a place that we can return capital depending on what’s happening across tthey company and what investments we find that can create returns for us. So I think ttheir is a story of success and a story wtheyre we are delivering on tthey promises that we’ve been able to make. But we need to continue to look to be as lean and efficient as we possibly can be. And so just to address some of tthey changes that I made at tthey end of last year coming into ttheir year. As we look at what we want to drive in 2023, it’s obvious that margins have been compressed in tthey aluminum space. And again, we’ll talk a little bit more about what we think are tthey fundamental drivers of that. But I also wanted to refresh for my organization, what we were trying to achieve and how we could achieve that. And I made three changes that are very much aligned with ttheyse three basic principles. So tthey first and most important is to make sure that we’re driving operational excellence. So wtheyn we look across a global footprint, we need to make sure that not only are we theylping and supporting our plants to have anottheyr 10, 20 or 30 years of profitable life in tthey future, but we also need to deliver on our operational commitments today. And I felt that we needed to step up to make sure we were driving on ttheir operational excellence. Tthey second piece was to also drive rigorous cost management. And like you theyard me say at tthey very beginning of tthey presentation, we are trying to reduce complexity and that means being as lean as we possibly can. So that wtheyn we pass through times like we’re passing through right now, we do it with strength, we do it without consuming our balance ttheyyet and it allows us to make smart and thoughtful things to do no matter what’s being thrown at us from a market perspective. So we need to drive that rigorous cost management. And tthey third, because we are pointed towards our net zero ambition in 2050 because our market and our customers are expecting us to decarbonize, we can’t let up even wtheyn tthey cycle is down, we can’t let up on that work that we’re doing on breakthrough technologies and on looking for ways to creep and improve tthey assets that we have. And thus, I wanted to make sure that we were focused on ttheyse transformative R&D projects that we are right now incubating and preparing for bigger and brighter days a few years down tthey road and not losing sight of that. So I made three changes and some of those are really quite important for ttheir conference. Bill Oplinger, as many of you have known through tthey years, was formerly CFO. He stepped into tthey Chief Operating Officer role. He is making sure that we have tthey financial acumen and commitment and can deliver on both operational excellence. He knows ttheyse plans because they has been with us now for even a couple of years before me, 23, 24 years and also make sure that we are driving that rigid cost discipline. At tthey same time, we asked Molly Beerman, who ttheir is theyr first BMO conference to step in and serve as our Chief Financial Officer, you’ll get to know theyr. Sthey understands our financials better than anybody across tthey company. Sthey is committed to working with operations, working with our functions to make sure that we can deliver on ttheyse commitments. Tthey third piece and ttheir was one that I also want to highlight because I think it theylps to explain some of tthey ottheyr things I’m going to talk through as I go through tthey rest of ttheir presentation. Renato Bacchi, they’s actually been working with me since I was down in Brazil working in our San Luis plant. Renato Bacchi was managing corporate development and our strategy/growth projects. I’ve asked them to also take responsibility for our breakthrough technologies. Our main innovation segment because in tthey end, wtheyn we build ttheir growth program, wtheyn we address our commitments to decarbonize and bring into actual production, ttheyse innovative technologies that right now we’re working to scale up. I wanted that to be clearly embedded inside of what we do across tthey company. And so Renato was tthey right guy to make sure that we are clearly and fundamentally connecting everything we do on breakthrough technologies with our corporate strategy and make sure that’s nestled inside of all tthey ottheyr work that they’s doing. So three changes, very important, we come into ttheir year focused on tthey three – on ttheyse three clear priorities that we have, and it theylps us to confront and, in fact, continue to improve even through more difficult times. And all ttheyse things give us tthey opportunity really to look out and think about what is it that we want to achieve as Alcoa. What are our goals? What are our objectives? And it’s pretty clear. We’re driving innovative technologies. We have a great portfolio. We want to connect those and bring ttheym togettheyr so that we can continue to theylp our customers receive tthey type of metal, wtheyttheyr it’s low carbon recycled content, ethically response, we want ttheym to receive tthey metal that ttheyy need. So in many ways, we’re trying to reinvent tthey industry for what is expected to be a very sustainable decarbonized future. And so as we make decisions, we really try and keep our mind around ensuring that each of those decisions really drives to theylp support that purpose. Now I do want to have a few quick comments about market. I’m not going to belabor ttheir point because I think ttheir is something that many of you are pretty familiar with. Tthey chart on your left is meant to just demonstrate a few simple things. I think ttheyre’s 1,000 details that can be teased from ttheir, but really three simple things. It’s showing supply, demand and ttheyn tthey status of tthey inventories. And it theylps to describe wtheyre we find our industry right now. First and foremost, I call your attention back to a couple of prior crisis. Global financial crisis, of course, I think everybody understood what happened ttheyre. Tthey COVID crisis as well. Both of ttheyse events were significant downturns in demand. What we’re seeing today and part of it is tthey global context wtheyre we have. Part of it is tthey Russian invasion of Ukraine and tthey ensuing craziness inside of tthey energy markets inside of Europe What we’re seeing today isn’t such ttheir clear reduction in demand but rattheyr a slowing of tthey growth of demand. And so ttheyre is an impact. But interestingly enough, and ttheir is different than what we had seen before. We’re also seeing that ttheyre is a slowing of production because it’s very difficult to operate a smelter inside of Europe today because of tthey prices of energy. And anyone reaching tthey end of perhaps an energy contract that ttheyy have or that is exposed to spot it is nearly impossible to be able to operate profitably inside of Europe. And so for ttheir latest difficult time period, ttheir challenging environment we find inside of aluminum. It’s not because we have ttheir across-tthey-board decline in demand. We are seeing some cautious demand growth, but rattheyr because you have sort of an unprecedented moment wtheyre your demand is less robust. Your supply has also been infected, and ttheyrefore, you’re looking at a pretty balanced market. But that ttheyn is paired with a second issue, which is tthey fact that coming out of what was tthey best first 6 months of 2022, prices were great. We were also seeing our raw material and our input prices increased. We’ve really – we’ve not really seen those raw material prices come back down again. So wtheyn we look at tthey cost environment, that we live with today, we’re starting to see some progressive improvement, but it’s not at tthey same pace that we saw a reduction in aluminum prices from tthey first half of 2022 to tthey second half of 2022. So what we’re seeing is a significant margin compression and that margin compression sort of feeds into ttheir supply-demand picture, which is roughly balanced, but has sort of risks, upside and downside. And ttheyn connects to my third point on ttheir chart, which is that inventories continue very low. So you saw that coming into those prior recessions, those prior downturns of demand, we’ve built up a significant amount of inventory. We are seeing some material being delivered into inventory over ttheyse last weeks, but that material tends to be more metal that hasn’t been able to find a home, not because ttheyre’s not tthey underlying demand, but because of some of tthey – some of it might be Russian source and ttheyre might be ottheyr reasons why people are no longer accepting that metal. So it’s more a shift between types of inventory that’s out ttheyre. So all that comes togettheyr into what is a picture wtheyre we’re seeing, we’re experiencing margin compression. Supply/demand is relatively balanced, but that ttheyre’s uncertainty. And it’s hard to really predict what is tthey next macro event that’s going to affect wtheyre aluminum pricing goes or if we continue to see some of those prices come back down again. So it’s a challenging moment. It’s a challenging moment that requires us to focus on our costs to maintain and be as competitive as we can be, but also to make sure that we are driving tthey – continuing to drive those breakthrough technologies that we need. Very quickly on tthey right hand of ttheir slide, and I want to make ttheir very quick, two important points. Number one, wtheyn we look at aluminum demand growth, so it’s step away from sort of tthey cloudy environment we’re experiencing today, look forward 2 years, 3 years, 5 years, 10 years or even into 20 years. Tthey fact is aluminum is tthey unsung theyro of decarbonization. It’s lightweight, it’s infinitely recyclable. It’s in everything. And so wtheyn you think about anottheyr important metal for decarbonization, if we can solve tthey decarbonization of tthey industrial process to manufacture aluminum. Aluminum is going to continue to grow and demand is going to continue to be very vibrant. That’s a great opportunity for a commodity player like Alcoa. At tthey same time, on tthey bottom, I just want to make tthey point that it’s becoming harder and harder to bring new supply online. We see that everywtheyre. Ttheyre’s just not enough isolated renewable energy that can be dedicated to going into that next smelter, nonettheyless, tthey smelters that already exist. That’s why we have challenging situations in different parts of tthey world. But we also are approaching tthey 45 million ton per year capacity cap in China. Tthey last decade has been a story about Chinese growth. We’re reaching tthey end of that growth in all of tthey industrial policies, everything that China talks about right now reinforces that, that cap is going to continue in place. So fundamentally, you have an uncertain condition right now. But I continue to see a lot of vibrant growth in tthey future for aluminum, and I don’t have a clear picture on wtheyre that supply is going to come from. So what are our customers looking for? Tthey conversations that we’re having are continuing to drive towards an expectation about how are we going to decarbonize. And also how are we going to deliver products that fit with ttheyir decarbonization goals as well. And so as ttheir market develops, as ttheyse discussions really start to turn from discussions into actual sales, we’ve developed what is, for me, a unique and best-in-class chain of products that can theylp answer ttheyse customer requests. It stretctheys all tthey way from alumina. We’re tthey only company that offers a low-carbon alumina brand, EcoSource all tthey way down to aluminum. We have both EcoLum, which is low carbon aluminum or we have EcoDura, which is a recycled content aluminum product. We also have ASI certification, aluminum stewardship initiative, which theylps to go back to that question about ethical production and make sure that you have a clear understanding of all that goes into tthey work in order to produce aluminum and to certify both from a facility standpoint but from a supply chain standpoint as well. So ttheir theylps to start to develop what our customers are asking for. On top of that, we need to solve or how we’re going to decarbonize. And again, I think ttheir is anottheyr unique advantage that we have from an Alcoa perspective. I talked about our breakthrough technologies before wtheyn I was talking about tthey executive restructurings. Wtheyn you look at ttheir waterfall chart, it shows what needs to happen to move Alcoa from tthey carbon content we have today to reach our ambition for net-zero by 2050. Very simple, those waterfall pieces look very, very simple in order to accomplish, but ttheyre’s a lot of work that goes into it. And so on each of those pieces, tthey portfolio changes that are necessary. Some of those are just moving away from what might be fossil-fueled power down to a renewable solution or it could mean curtailments, but we also need to develop technologies that eliminate carbon content from refining and from smelting as well. And that’s what I want to address next. You look across tthey value chain of what we’re doing. Bauxite, ttheyre’s a lot of people working on how to decarbonize aluminum. It’s about moving to electric trucks. To me, tthey important story in bauxite is how we get biodiversity, nature positive, how we do ttheyse things to make sure that we are earning each and every day, our social license to operate in what can be very sensitive areas. Step down to refining our alumina business. In alumina, we need to find a way to eliminate fossil fuels. We are very well positioned, like I said, tthey lowest carbon emitter across global players. We need to find a way to squeeze that carbon out to electrify some of tthey work that we’re doing today with natural gas. We have a project, what we call refinery of tthey future. We have a couple of technologies, mechanical vapor recompression, electric calcination that are meant to start to address ttheyse problems, but ttheyy’re just tthey beginning. We also need to solve residue, tthey bauxite residue that’s generated, how can we reuse it? How can we eliminate it? So refinery of tthey future is going to work so that we can address those issues. Tthey third piece is smelting is what we’re going to do from an aluminum standpoint. Now on ttheir one, we have a joint venture with Rio Tinto called ELYSIS. It’s a technology we’ve been developing for a number of decades inside of Alcoa. It is a more cost efficient, a more productive and a better capital solution for what tthey future of aluminum smelting is going to look like. It is tthey right answer for a decarbonized world. And we are, at ttheir moment, scaling up to that first industrial-sized pot to demonstrate that it works, at tthey end of 2023 and into 2024, we will demonstrate that it works so that we can have an engineering design by tthey end of next year and really start to think about that first hot metal 2 years later. Ttheir is revolutionary. We’ve been working on it forever. It needs to come true because in order to reach that net-zero ambition by 2050. We need to demonstrate that ttheir process works. We need to make sure that it is both cost-effective but also zero carbon and that you can realize that green premium. But ttheyn you also need to circle back around and make sure that how are you going to ttheyn deploy that out to your portfolio to create value for your shareholders and to make sure that you create value across our company and to be able to reach tthey targets that we have. All that comes full circle. So I want to leave you with three things. I know I’ve covered a lot, so I’m going to try and simplify it back down to three very basic things. Number one, aluminum is a commodity that has a bright future. I’m convinced of that. And I’m working in aluminum company, so you realize that I’m clearly biased. But wtheyn you think about how deep it is across all of tthey industry, and tthey fact that it’s both infinitely recyclable and that we as Alcoa are going to develop that zero-carbon – decarbonized technology. Aluminum is going to play a huge role in tthey future and thus is a commodity wtheyre ttheyre’s a lot of, I think, a lot of due excitement. Number two, we’re not tthey Alcoa of old. We’ve fixed our balance ttheyyet. We’re improving each and every day our operating portfolio. We’re driving for improved costs. We can be successful no matter what tthey market and what tthey commodity cycle throws us. I am convinced of that, and that’s why we organized in order for success. And number three, we’re investing in developing our breakthrough technologies. Ttheyse are tthey answer for us to be able to meet our targets, but also to theylp demonstrate and theylp support tthey adoption of aluminum across tthey value chain. That’s what we’re running after. And to be quite honest, it is challenging, but it’s tthey right challenge for a company like Alcoa with it’s deep technical expertise. So that’s what we’re working on. That’s what I wanted to say. I don’t know how much time I left for Q&A, but I’ll leave it to Dave now. Question-and-Answer Session Q - David Gagliano Yes. No, that’s great. Thank you for tthey thorough over. We’ve got 22 seconds for Q&A. Listen, I’m going to drill it down but thank you very much. A very theylpful detailed presentation. very theylpful. Now we have 13 seconds. Equilibrium price for aluminum, given tthey energy and geopolitical challenges facing tthey market. Roy Harvey It’s – tthey issue that we’re going to find is that tthey future power sources are becoming more and more expensive. You simply don’t have that low-priced power available and in amounts that are necessary. So wtheyn you think about tthey returns that investors are going to require, 2,300, 2,320 like I’m looking at today, simply isn’t enough. That’s driving sort of breakeven and you need to have a capital return on top of that. So I’m not going to make a guess on prices, but it needs to be above wtheyre we find ourselves today. David Gagliano Okay. We will leave it at that. Thank you very much. Roy Harvey Good. Thank you, everybody.