Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 20, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer - Vice President, Investor Relations Roy Harvey - President & Chief Executive Officer William Oplinger - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Alex Hacking - Citi David Gagliano - BMO Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Chris LaFemina - Jefferies Lawson Winder - Bank of America Securities Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley Timna Tanners - Wolfe Research Alexander Chieng - Goldman Sachs John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation First Quarter 2022 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays' presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instruction] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer Thank you, and good day, everyone. I'm joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer; and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Roy and Bill. As a reminder, today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today's presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today's presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre's Roy. Roy Harvey Thank you, Jim, and welcome to everyone who is joining our first quarter earnings call. As you saw in today's press release, we had record quarterly results for profitability across three key measures: net income, adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items. Bill will give more detail, but I'm pleased to report that it was a very solid quarter. We had net income of $469 million. Adjusted net income was $577 million. Ttheir is a 21% sequential improvement in more than 3x what we posted in tthey first quarter of last year. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, was $1.07 billion. That's 20% higtheyr than tthey prior quarter and more than double tthey same period in 2021. And with a focus on our capital allocation framework, we have also repurchased 1 million shares of common stock in tthey quarter. Looking back at our more than five-year theirtory as a stand-alone company, it's great to see tthey efforts of our Alcoa teams and tthey strengttheyning market mirrored in ttheyse record-setting results. In ttheir period of global volatility, we remain strong and steady, guided by our values and focusing on our strategic priorities. We're continuing to eliminate unnecessary complexity and focusing on being low cost, driving returns with strong margins and operating sustainably across our global operations. We also remain focused on maintaining a safe workplace for our employees, contractors and anyone who visits an Alcoa location. In tthey quarter, we had no serious injuries, and we remain resolute in tthey use of proactive tools to prevent incidents. Wtheyn accidents do occur, we investigate to tthey root cause to continuously improve our safety systems and outcomes. Again, ttheir quarter, we continued to make important progress on several fronts. In January, we completed tthey curtailment of tthey San Ciprián smelter in Spain, according to tthey terms of an agreement reactheyd previously with tthey workforce. Even with improved metal prices, tthey smelter continued to lose money due to exorbitant energy prices. Tthey agreements to idle tthey top lines while continuing to operate tthey casthouse will allow us to control our losses during a two-year curtailment period. We'll use that time to find an energy solution and deliver on improvements to tthey plant for its future. Meanwhile, we are continuing in our work to restart aluminum smelting capacity in Brazil and Australia. Ttheir additional capacity, once online, will continue to position us well to capture tthey benefits of stronger markets. In our bauxite business in Brazil, we've signed a deal to divest our full interest in Mineracao Rio Do Norte or MRN. Tthey transaction is expected to close in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Following ttheir divestiture, we believe we will remain well positioned in tthey bauxite business with high-quality reserves across our global system and particularly in our Juruti mine in Brazil. Tthey transaction avoids potential capital costs in tthey future and allows us to focus future bauxite investments into two Brazilian mines we own and operate. Next, we recorded $77 million in restructuring charges in tthey first quarter related to tthey 2019 divestiture of two Spanish smelters, Avilés and La Coruña. We offer to resolve various legal claims related to tthey sale of those assets, and former employees unanimously agreed ttheir week to accept our proposal. Upon satisfaction of all agreed upon conditions, ttheir settlement is expected to avoid tthey potential for costly and lengthy litigation. We are continuing to pursue legal actions against tthey entity that purchased ttheyse assets and failed to meet its promises to our former employees. Finally, tthey fundamentals of tthey aluminum business remains strong, and tthey work we've done over ttheyse past several years has enabled us to operate efficiently and capture benefits from positive markets. In tthey quarter, we saw tthey average realized price for aluminum increased sequentially 14% to more than $3,800 per metric ton. And that's a good pivot point for Bill to detail tthey full results, including tthey positive impact that ttheyse strong metal prices had on our adjusted EBITDA. Bill, please go atheyad. William Oplinger Thanks, Roy. Tthey first quarter of 2022, marked Alcoa Corporation's higtheyst net income and adjusted net income in its theirtory as well as tthey first time recording over $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items. Revenues of $3.3 billion were up $423 million or 15% year-over-year, but slightly lower sequentially on logistics-related shipment delays. All earnings measures increased both year-over-year and sequentially. GAAP net income of $469 million was $294 million higtheyr than tthey prior year quarter's $175 million and was $861 million higtheyr sequentially. Special items in tthey quarter included $77 million related to a settlement offer made to tthey workers of tthey divested Avilés and La Coruña smelters in Spain, which would be paid upon ttheyir collective acceptance, and $58 million for asset impairment relating to tthey company's planned sale of its interest in tthey MRN bauxite mine. Adjusted net income of $577 year-over-year and was up $427 year-over-year and was up $102 million or 21% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.07 billion improved $551 million year-over-year and was $176 million better sequentially. Let's look at tthey drivers for adjusted EBITDA. In tthey first quarter, tthey majority of tthey benefit of higtheyr realized aluminum prices, up $479 per ton sequentially, translated into higtheyr adjusted EBITDA. Ottheyr positive contributors were stronger product premiums and customer mix in both tthey Alumina and Aluminum segment, as well as tthey lower costs and ottheyr related to intersegment profit eliminations of approximately $64 million and improvements related to tthey San Ciprián smelter curtailment, contributing $62 million. As expected, those improvements were partially offset higtheyr raw material costs in both tthey Alumina and Aluminum segment, as well as higtheyr energy costs at refineries, primarily in Spain, and lower hydropower sales prices in Brazil. Volume was unfavorable in all three segments, partly because of fewer days in tthey quarter, but also due to lower production in Australia and shipment delays in Canada, due to railcar availability. Despite tthey challenges, production costs were up very little sequentially and demonstrated overall strong cost focus. For more perspective on our strong margins, let's look at tthey relationship of realized sales prices compared to cash costs in tthey Alumina and Aluminum segments. Ttheyse charts show a simplified view of our cash cost structures for tthey Alumina and Aluminum segments over tthey last year compared to third-party realized prices. Tthey focus is on raw materials and energy costs, tthey areas wtheyre we received tthey most questions from our investors. Looking at Alumina over time, you see that both energy and raw material costs have increased somewhat, while tthey remainder of tthey cost, including bauxites, have been mostly flat. Tthey relatively muted rise of ttheyse costs reflects tthey benefits of our integrated system and colocated mines and refineries, low caustic soda use, global procurement strategies and long-term energy contracts. Our main spot energy exposure is at our San Ciprián refinery in Spain, reflecting broader market conditions and industry cost pressures, tthey realized alumina price has increased substantially, more than offsetting our cost increases. And spot index prices are currently similar to tthey 1Q average. An even more pronounced effect is seen in Aluminum. Alumina costs in tthey Aluminum segment are up. And while energy and ottheyr raw materials are also higtheyr, ttheyir impact is outpaced by tthey significant increase in tthey realized aluminum price. Again, we see tthey benefits of our integrated system, global procurement capabilities and minimal exposure to spot energy prices. Approximately 60% of our smelter energy costs are linked to aluminum prices. Roughly 30% is fixed price or self-generated power, and our spot exposure is less than 10% and limited to a portion of our Norway smelter load. And remember, too, that given our long position in alumina, higtheyr alumina prices may impact Aluminum segment earnings, but are a net positive for tthey company. Key message theyre is that most elements of our cost structure have seen only modest increases compared to our revenues. Let's move to ottheyr financial metrics. Wtheyn looking at tthey quarter, tthey 50% return on equity was our strongest quarter yet and reflects tthey excellent profitability levels discussed earlier. Our cash balance declined, however, increasing net debt. Major cash uses for working capital, income taxes and dividends and capital returns. Working capital days expanded to 49 days and was our largest use of cash in tthey quarter at $680 million. Cash income taxes were $220 million, including $162 million related to tthey prior year. Net dividends to non-controlling interest and capital returns to stockholders totaled $209 million. Let's take a deeper look at what happened with working capital and what we expect in tthey future. Ttheyre were multiple factors increasing working capital ttheir quarter. Tthey 20 days change consisted of 14 more days of inventory, five more days of receivables and one day less of payables. In inventory, higtheyr raw material prices primarily for caustic and carbon products accounted for seven days and two days of tthey increase related to higtheyr values of finittheyyd goods. Logistics challenges added two days of inventory with missed shipments in alumina in both Australia and Brazil and limited availability of outbound transportation for finittheyyd goods, primarily in North America. Finally, we purchased metal in Brazil to serve annual customer contracts that will be met with Alumar supply after tthey restart, and that added two more days of inventory. Receivables are up mostly due to higtheyr sales prices, especially late in tthey quarter and account for five days. To tthey extent, prices remain elevated we will maintain higtheyr levels of working capital. We do anticipate some reduction through tthey year, assuming shipping sctheydules improve, tthey IMR restart progresses as expected, and we realize lower inventories on hand. Our full year shipments outlook has only one change. We expect our 2022 bauxite shipments to be down approximately two million tons to a range of 46 million to 47 million tons, tthey result of our decision to not sell to Russian customers as well as Russia, Ukraine related changes in tthey Atlantic bauxite market. Tthey 2022 shipments outlook for alumina remains 14.2 million to 14.4 million tons. For aluminum, we have pause tthey Alumar restart process for about one month due to unavailability of suitable path material, but we still expect tthey restart to be complete by year-end and tthey aluminum shipments outlook is unchanged. All ottheyr full year outlook estimates are unchanged. For tthey second quarter based on today's prices, we expect both alumina and aluminum realized third party prices to be higtheyr than tthey first quarter, with part of that benefit offset by approximately $115 million of higtheyr energy and raw material costs. Higtheyr shipments are expected to more than offset additional maintenance costs and ottheyr factors. Looking at tthey segments, excluding index sales prices or currency impacts for tthey second quarter, in bauxite we expect EBITDA to be approximately $10 million as one-time benefits in tthey first quarter do not recur and we slowed production rates in Juruti in response to ceasing supply to Russian businesses. In Alumina, we expect approximately $85 million in higtheyr energy and raw material costs, with two-thirds being related to San Ciprián refinery energy costs. We also expect higtheyr shipments to fully offset higtheyr maintenance and ottheyr costs. In tthey Aluminum segment, we expect alumina cost to increase approximately $35 million and expect improved shipment volumes to provide a $50 million benefit, more than offsetting $30 million of high raw materials prices and energy impacts as well as maintenance costs of $10 million. Let me turn it back over to Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Bill. Next, I'd like to give an overview of what we're seeing in our markets. Last year, we saw a general price recovery after tthey impact from tthey 2020 pandemic. Now, today's markets are experiencing increased volatility, most notably from Russia's invasion of Ukraine, but prices remain at higtheyr levels than both tthey 2020 and 2021 averages. In tthey alumina market, demand is reduced due to global aluminum smelter cuts. We saw some tightness in tthey market last month wtheyn a competitor suspended shipments from tthey Nikolaev refinery in Ukraine. Since ttheyn, we have seen supply outside of China reemerge. Australia's decision to ban exports to Russia disrupted tthey market with a separation between suppliers willing to sell to Russia and those who are not. Ttheir has pressured Western Australian alumina pricing, and it has prompted some atypical Chinese exports to Russia. Turning now to metal. Tthey Aluminum segment continues to play a large and positive role in our overall results. On tthey demand side, we expect annual global demand for primary aluminum to increase ttheir year approximately 2% relative to 2021. Growth remains positive despite a somewhat slower pace due to interruptions to supply chain, particularly in automotive, and lower growth expectations in Russia and Eastern Europe. With slightly lower but positive demand growth, aluminum pricing remains supported globally by supply disruptions, low inventory levels and high transportation costs. High energy prices in Europe are driving some smelter cuts in ttheir region. In China, tthey central government also continues to limit output growth in primary aluminum through tthey government's capacity permitting system. From Alcoa's commercial perspective, much of our value-add aluminum products are sold in annual contracts, and negotiations with customers resulted in favorable pricing quarter-on-quarter, which we recognized in Q1. Regional premiums also remain high in markets wtheyre we produce, reflecting underlying physical tightness and logistics costs. Additionally, we are seeing year-on-year growth for our line of sustainable products in our Sustana family. We expect threefold increases ttheir year in tthey total volume of sales for EcoLum, which is our low-carbon aluminum brand, and EcoDura, which is our aluminum product made with at least 50% recycled content. Notwithstanding tthey current volatility in tthey markets, we continue to expect positive fundamentals in alumina and aluminum due to favorable structural changes, including a drive towards more sustainable solutions. Ttheyse shifts should provide advantages for a low-carbon operator like Alcoa. As I said at tthey top of ttheir call, Alcoa is strong and steady, an outcome of tthey work that we've been doing over ttheyse last several years to build an even stronger foundation, including a theyalthy balance ttheyyet. Ttheir work has been vital to ensure success through all market cycles. Importantly, we've worked to ensure that we have a lean and efficient operating structure. Our Alcolans, as usual, have been working with diligence. As an example, tthey teamwork in our procurement group has been vital in theylping us manage our raw material costs and work through various logistics challenges, especially important in ttheir current environment. In our operations, we're also working to use our raw materials very efficiently. Our global refineries, as an example, are well positioned in ttheir context. Ttheyy use on average less caustic soda than most of our competitors. Ttheir is important as caustic soda is a key ingredient in tthey refining process. We use less caustic due to a variety of factors, primarily tthey high quality bauxite from our integrated mines and tthey fact that we keep our refineries fine tuned for our raw materials. Regardless of tthey situation, we have tthey processes and procedures to react efficiently. And wtheyn something new arises, we quickly adjust while maintaining overall stability. A good example of ttheir is wtheyn we decided last month to cease buying raw materials from or selling products to Russian businesses. While we do not have operations in Russia, a multi-disciplined team theylped us act decisively, and we've worked to mitigate tthey financial impact. As I explained to our employees in a letter following our decision on Russian businesses, we acted in alignment with our values, and we continue to hope for an end to ttheir crisis.  Now let me discuss some of tthey items on tthey right-hand side of ttheir slide. As we continue to manage through what have been turbulent times, first from a pandemic and now tthey unease from tthey situation in Ukraine, it's important to emphasize that we remain well positioned for tthey future. We closed 2021 in our best financial shape ever, and we remain lean and cost focused. We have low debt, well-funded pension obligations and a cash balance that stood at $1.6 billion at tthey end of tthey first quarter. We have top-tier assets that are strategically located to supply tthey world with tthey materials it needs now, including developing breakthrough technologies for tomorrow. We are building an operating portfolio that is cost efficient, restarting capacity wtheyre it makes economic sense to do so such as Alumar and some modest capacity at Portland Aluminum in Australia. We have a clear vision to reinvent tthey aluminum industry for a sustainable future supported by a technology road map that has tthey potential to decarbonize production processes, differentiate Alcoa and create value for our stockholders. Our work on tthey ELYSIS joint venture continues to progress. Last month, we were excited to see Apple announced that ttheyy'll use metal that is being produced at R&D scale for tthey iPhone SE. It's very exciting to see a technology that we first developed at tthey Alcoa Technical Center outside of Pittsburgh come to fruition via tthey ELYSIS technology. Ttheir is truly revolutionary, producing metal without any direct greenhouse gases and instead producing oxygen as a byproduct. Once ELYSIS technology licenses are available from 2024, tthey first full-scale commercial application of ttheir breakthrough process could be running within two years. In addition to reinventing aluminum smelting, we're also working to unlock a new recycling technology that will use low-value scrap, removing impurities through a proprietary process that will produce high purity aluminum. Tthey output from ttheir process will surpass tthey quality of what's produced at a conventional smelter. In refining, we were proud to announce last week that both tthey national and regional governments in Australia have agreed to provide funding for development of electric calcination, a process that would use renewable power to fuel tthey last stage of alumina refining. Wtheyn combined with anottheyr technology known as mechanical vapor recompression, which also has funding in Australia, ttheyre is tthey potential to decarbonize alumina refining. Ttheyse two technologies are built into what we're calling our refinery of tthey future initiative, which has tthey goal to lower tthey cost of constructing a refinery, eliminate fossil fuels, reduce freshwater usage, and minimize and eventually eliminate deposits of new bauxite residue. Finally, summing it all up. I want to leave you with a few key points from tthey results we issued today. First, despite volatile markets, we delivered. We continue to execute on our strategies to deliver solid results, including providing a 50% return on equity in tthey quarter. Second, our strategies are working. We've strengttheyned our company and our operating portfolio, including restarting capacity wtheyn it makes economic sense, and wtheyn necessary, executing on curtailments or divestitures according to our portfolio review process. Third, we are rewarding our investors. In tthey first quarter, we paid our second consecutive cash dividend. Also, we executed anottheyr trancthey of our share repurchase authorization in accordance with our capital allocation framework. Ttheyse actions again reflect our strength and our positive view of tthey future. And finally, we are excited about our future. Looking back to our theirtory, it is clear that we have delivered on our purpose to turn raw potential into real progress. And as we look toward tthey future, we will continue to drive value and to redefine what aluminum consumers should expect wtheyn it comes to sustainable production and products across tthey aluminum value chain. Now Bill and I are ready for your questions. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Alex Hacking with Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Hacking Yes. Thanks Roy and Bill. So, just on tthey first question on tthey cost side. Obviously, you've done a pretty good job, caustic soda, pet coke, all that stuff. As prices increase, it tends to be on several quarters' lag. So should we be expecting cost pressure to be building up through tthey year or you're comfortable with tthey position? Thanks. William Oplinger Hi, Alex, it's Bill. I'll take that one. So we've guided in tthey second quarter to some higtheyr raw materials and energy costs. Tthey raw materials are about $45 million higtheyr in tthey second quarter. Energy costs would be about $70 million higtheyr, with tthey vast majority of that coming out of Spain -- in tthey refinery in Spain. But if I can take just a moment to step back and make sure everyone understands tthey guidance that we've provided in tthey prepared remarks. We're guiding to a strong second quarter. And tthey reason why I say that is a couple of factors. First, at today's prices on a lagged basis, today, tthey second quarter prices are actually higtheyr than tthey first quarter prices for both alumina and aluminum. And so if you look at tthey guidance that we provided, we say that benefit will more than offset tthey higtheyr raw materials and energy costs that I just outlined, Alex. Tthey second piece of tthey guidance that signals a strong second quarter is that we are anticipating better shipment volume -- significantly better shipment volume in tthey second quarter. And that will more than offset some higtheyr maintenance costs in tthey second quarter and tthey non-recurrence of a couple of small one-time items in tthey first quarter. So overall, it's important for you to understand that while we are seeing some higtheyr raw material and energy costs, we're guiding to a strong second quarter. Alex Hacking Okay. Thanks, Bill. And ttheyn just a follow up with, I guess, kind of a general question regarding Russia, Ukraine. What have been tthey impacts on Alcoa from that? And I guess, how are you seeing that? I mean you stopped tthey small amount of transactions with Russia that you have. Metals prices have moved around. But have you been getting a lot of inbound from customers looking for additional offtake? Any concerns with supply chains? Like I guess what's changed directly for Alcoa? Thanks. William Oplinger Alex, let me address tthey financial side, and ttheyn I'm going to turn it over to Roy for a more broad answer. Tthey impact of our stopping shipments to Russia was minimal in tthey first quarter. We're projecting for tthey full year. It's about a $30 million impact. And a piece of that is obviously built into tthey guide that I just gave you for tthey second quarter, but overall, not a massive impact from stopping shipments into Russia. Roy, do you want to address from a broader perspective? Roy Harvey Yes. And I think tthey situation in Ukraine sort of exacerbates what was already a complicated supply chain. And so, I think from an Alcoa perspective, tthey fact is, is that we have a team that's dedicated to working on supply chains, working on procuring materials across tthey world and to really leveraging our ability to buy, wtheyttheyr it's caustic or coke or all ttheyse different materials in different parts of tthey world, so that we can have tthey best cost structure that we possibly can. So prior to tthey war in Ukraine, I think we were seeing that it was -- it already took a lot of creativity to make sure we were getting what we needed, wtheyn we needed it. I think tthey -- what we're seeing now is that, it's becoming even more complex. Now that complexity doesn't mean that we can't find tthey materials that we need, and I would argue that we have a very talented team that is getting very good at managing ttheyse issues. And so wtheyn we made our decision to neittheyr buy from or sell to Russia, it took some effort to make sure that we could -- that tthey few materials that we do buy from Russia, we were able to replace, which we did really without any kind of issue, but it also created tthey drag on financials that Bill talked about, particularly because of bauxite sales that we were making into Russia. And so those things, I think tthey -- on tthey cost side, we're doing a very good job of making sure that it doesn't impact us. On tthey supply chain, just because of tthey uncertainty and tthey volatility, we continue to need to manage ttheir. And again, I think it's par for tthey course, given some of tthey continued COVID disruptions we're seeing inside of China, as well as some of tthey ottheyr macroeconomic issues that we're seeing that we need to keep our team ready to go and ready to react as we see different things playing out. However, I think our job is to make sure that we have tthey materials that we needed that could drive a very stable set of operations, keep our people focused on safety, keep our people focused on operations and maintenance, et cetera. And I think our logistics team, our procurement team really has been able to keep us focused on tthey right things. Alex Hacking Thanks and good luck navigating everything. Roy Harvey Thanks, Alex. Operator Our next question will come from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Gagliano Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question, I want to ask about tthey pace of tthey buybacks. So you repurchased 1 million shares. I think that's about 1/2 of 1% of tthey total shares outstanding in tthey first quarter. Obviously, you've got a large cash balance, still plenty of free cash flow generation potential once those working capital theyadwinds go away. So should we expect tthey pace of ttheyse buybacks to accelerate in tthey coming quarters? That's my first question. William Oplinger So, just to -- thanks for tthey question, Dave. To be clear, as we said, we bought back approximately $75 million worth of stock. That was 1.04 million shares at an average price of around $72 a share. We also paid tthey dividend in tthey quarter. Given tthey capital -- tthey working capital increase that we saw in tthey quarter and tthey fact that cash balance did decline a little bit in tthey first quarter, we think that, that $75 million was tthey right level of buybacks in tthey first quarter. And as you know, Dave, we'll -- future capital returns are expected to be based on a variety of factors, including tthey expected current and future markets. So, more to come in tthey future as we progress during tthey course of tthey year. David Gagliano Okay. And just to clarify, so tthey -- understood that ttheyre's a huge working capital draws. And tthey point I think you're making in those prepared remarks or those remarks you just said or is it that that large working capital draw, did that impact tthey magnitude of tthey buybacks or, in your view, tthey magnitude of tthey buybacks in tthey first quarter? William Oplinger Yes. So, we're being conservative on tthey buybacks in tthey first quarter as we saw tthey working capital build during tthey first quarter. And just to be clear, tthey working capital build was not a surprise to us, right? We typically see a working capital build in tthey first quarter. In ttheir particular case, it was accentuated by tthey fact that pricing is as high as it was. So, as we build working capital in tthey first quarter, we were tempering tthey returns to shareholders in tthey first quarter. David Gagliano Okay, understood. And ttheyn, just my second question on tthey bauxite business. I thought I asked ttheir one once I try before. Tthey guide for 2Q is $10 million. $38 million was tthey EBITDA in tthey first quarter. Obviously, tthey press release called out a one-timer and also tthey elimination of sales to Russia for tthey expected decline. Is that $10 million now tthey right new kind of run rate for quarterly bauxite EBITDA moving forward? William Oplinger Yes. We don't provide kind of a run rate for tthey segment earnings. Let me tell you what's going on ttheyre in tthey first quarter and ttheyn what's expected to go on in tthey second quarter. In tthey first quarter, we have a true-up for some of tthey royalties of bauxite that we sell to a third party. And so that was a little bit higtheyr than it normally is, and that occurred in tthey first quarter. And that's wtheyn I refer to a one-time item, that was tthey real one-time item in tthey first quarter, and I believe that was around $7 million in tthey bauxite business. Secondly, we're projecting that tthey MRN sale closes in tthey second quarter. So, we won't have tthey MRN earnings pickup. And ttheyn thirdly, with tthey decision to not sell to Russia, we are seeing tthey decline in tthey bauxite business because of tthey lack of sales ttheyre and really because of tthey long market of bauxite in tthey Atlantic region. And so, that is negatively impacting tthey earnings out of Brazil. David Gagliano All right. That’s theylpful. Thanks. Roy Harvey Thanks, Dave. William Oplinger Thank you, Dave. Operator Our next question will come from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good evening, Jim, Bill, Roy. William Oplinger Hey, Michael. Roy Harvey Hi, Mike. Michael Dudas So, look a little bit forward and on ttheir question on Russia, how do you think -- you've done it -- it sounds like you're getting to a more -- I won't say comfortable is right word, but you're getting -- you're working through tthey issues because of tthey disruptions over tthey last six weeks from tthey invasion. How do you think tthey industry is viewing it from a premium scarcity standpoint? How has it looked relative to ottheyr procurement opportunities? And will buyers keep away from Russia material? And ttheyn, if things get settle, we hope, sooner rattheyr than later, is ttheyre going to be a period of time for tthey market to better get a sense of how it's going to work through, or is ttheyre some structural issues that could impact tthey market because of tthey issues that Russia is pressed on Ukraine? Roy Harvey Yeah. Mike, I'll take that one. So, as you can imagine in a situation like ttheir, ttheyre's always some unpredictability, about wtheyn tthey situation comes to an end. And even if it were to end, wtheyttheyr some of tthey sanctions and ottheyr things would actually be lifted. So I'll set that to tthey side, and we'll let ottheyr people predict those things. From an aluminum standpoint, really, we look at two very important things. Because of tthey important presence of aluminum smelting inside of Russia, tthey question is wtheyttheyr ttheyy can get sufficient to alumina to continue to operate. And we really don't have a lot of visibility about wtheyttheyr ttheyy're maintaining ttheyir rates of operation. We do know that ttheyre are very significant logistical challenges of being able to get particularly material from China, alumina from China or alumina from elsewtheyre and get it into Russia certainly on a cost-competitive basis. Tthey ottheyr side is, wtheyttheyr tthey metal that ttheyy've been produced inside of Russia is able to actually leave Russia and who would buy it. To answer you one very specific question, I think most players in tthey market are shying away from purchasing any Russian material. Even Russian materials that had been produced before might be stored in LME warehouses, et cetera. And so I think ttheyre is a very real expectation in ttheir market that that material is not going to come into tthey Western world markets. However, it becomes more complicated wtheyn you ask tthey question wtheyttheyr some of that material can go into China, how efficient and smart and innovative China can be about getting additional alumina tons up into Russia, which I would never question tthey ingenuity of tthey Chinese to be able to find solutions for some of those problems. And so I think tthey market is still trying to digest what tthey immediate impacts are. And I think you saw that very specifically inside of tthey alumina market wtheyre you saw Nikolayev have come down. And almost immediately, you saw a spike in prices because everybody was worried that ttheyre would not be sufficient alumina in tthey market. And ttheyn with tthey Australian -- essentially tthey Australian ban from selling into Russia, all of a sudden, you see prices start to come back down again. I think that's, to me, indicative tthey uncertainty and tthey volatility that sits in tthey market today, because no one knows exactly what's going to happen. I think it -- to me, wtheyn I look at what's happening in Russia and, of course, tthey terrible situation going on in Ukraine, it sort of theylps to drive forward tthey underlying fundamentals for tthey aluminum market. Tthey importance of decarbonization, tthey importance in tthey continued demand growth we see even in ttheyse uncertain and volatile times. And ttheyn additionally, tthey fact that ttheyre simply isn't a lot of new capacity that's coming to market, wtheyttheyr it's in aluminum or in alumina, ttheyre's just not a lot of projects on tthey drawing board while you continue to see that demand growth. And so I think, to me, sort of looking at tthey immediate situation, you say, yes, ttheyre's going to be volatility, but ttheyn you step back and you say, what that volatility is not impacting what is a very strong story for aluminum in tthey medium to long-term. Michael Dudas Well, those very theylpful Thank you very much. Roy Harvey Thanks, Mike.  Operator Our next question will come from Chris LaFemina with Jefferies. Please go atheyad.  Chris LaFemina Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a question about tthey working capital build and anottheyr question about margins or costs. So first, on tthey working capital build, I think, Bill, you said that tthey two big factors ttheyre. Obviously, prices going up a lot in tthey first quarter, and ttheyre was a seasonal impact as well, which you expected. So tthey first question is that if we assume prices across tthey board are flat going forward, how much of that working capital build that we saw in tthey first quarter would reverse over tthey course of tthey year? Is that all -- I mean if it's just price driven and seasonally driven, I would assume that it would all reverse. Is that a fair conclusion? William Oplinger It will -- a large portion of it will reverse over tthey year, Chris. It really will depend on what pricing does both on finittheyyd goods products and on raw materials. So it's really difficult to give you a number of how much that will come down over time. But just to put it in perspective, tthey -- we were up around 20 days, 14 days of that is inventory, five days of that is receivables and one day of that is lower payables. Tthey inventory levels were up nine days and -- I'm sorry, out of tthey inventory, tthey 14 days, nine of that is due to price, two of it is due to tthey Alumar restart and two is related to tthey logistics issues. So it will depend on how tthey logistics issues get worked through, but ttheyre's a piece of that will naturally come down as you've seen every year over tthey last five years that we're an independent company that we typically bring working capital down during tthey course of tthey year. Chris LaFemina Got it. So ttheyre's no reason to believe that working capital is structurally higtheyr. Do you have something going on in Russia or anywtheyre else in tthey world? William Oplinger Not at ttheir point. It's structurally higtheyr because prices are higtheyr. And if prices stay high, that's a good thing for us. Chris LaFemina And ttheyn just -- sorry. Tthey second question is related to kind of tthey costs as ttheyy flow through tthey income statement with tthey lag. So if we assume again prices are flat over tthey course of tthey year, will we expect margins to contract in tthey back half of tthey year? Well some of cost inflation that we are kind of starting to see now progress through tthey second half of tthey year that will impact margins ttheyn? William Oplinger So yes, we -- as you know, you can take a look in tthey backup of tthey deck, and it walks you through tthey cost timing for each of tthey major cost drivers, tthey big one being caustic soda. So caustic that we're buying today will typically flow through toward tthey end of tthey third quarter at ttheir point. So all of those lags are ttheyre. I think tthey critical thing that I'm hoping people understand is that given tthey -- wtheyre we sit today with alumina and aluminum pricing, it's actually stronger than what we've seen on average. Again, lagged. It's actually stronger than what we saw in tthey first quarter. So even though we are seeing some higtheyr raw materials and energy prices in tthey second quarter, ttheyre should be margin expansion, assuming that pricing stays wtheyre it's at today. Chris LaFemina That’s very theylpful. Thank you very much. William Oplinger Thank you.  Roy Harvey Thanks, Chris. Operator Our next question will come from Lawson Winder with Bank of America Securities. Please go atheyad.  Lawson Winder Thank you, operator. Good evening, Roy and Bill. Very nice to theyar from you, Bill. Thank you for today update. Maybe just asking on cash costs and your goal to become first quartile. What still remains to be done to achieve first quartile cash cost by 2024? And I mean does it involve any closures? And ttheyn how does tthey energy cost linkage to LME alley factor in ttheyre? Roy Harvey Yeah. So let me to start on that one and Bill might want to ctheme in as well. I think what we're working on are a number of different things as always. Ttheyre's always tthey ongoing improvements in creep projects, which is sort of tthey bread and butter of making sure that our plants are competitive, stay competitive and can be even more competitive in tthey future. And we tend to be pretty good at creeping those assets. And so ttheyre are -- and ttheyre are sort of what we call return-seeking capital products that we do put in place in order to lower our total capital or our total operating cost. So that's -- I think that's easy to understand. We also have our ongoing operations review, and that becomes a site-by-site focus on how can we get step-change improvements of those facilities that are in tthey upper part of tthey cost curve. And so a good example of that is tthey San Ciprián smelter that was just recently curtailed, had an unsustainable spot-based power price. Wtheyn we bring that back on, again, our expectation is that we can get a set of power contracts that's able to really significantly slide that down tthey cost curve and that ttheyn theylps to bring tthey overall energy costs down. Portland Aluminum is anottheyr great example of a place wtheyre we're bringing on some additional parts doing some creep. That is -- that's an energy contract that we're going to need to examine as we get towards tthey end of that period that we have left, and ttheyy can look for both renewable energy, but also at tthey same time, more affordable energy. And so those are just meant to illustrate tthey types of things that we're trying to do in order to drive down to tthey first quartile. And it's a mix of sort of blocking and tackling and ttheyn -- to ttheyse pivot points wtheyre you can actually change tthey underlying structure of energy costs, et cetera. Wtheyn it comes to tthey linkage to LME that's embedded in some of those contracts, in tthey end, that is actually a pretty good problem to have. It might increase our cost, but it means that we're getting a significantly improved margin because tthey aluminum price that we're getting means that we're going to have better margins. So I become a little bit less worried about getting to Q1. If tthey problem is that LME is so high that my LME-linked contracts are also high. But in tthey end I think ttheyre's -- that's a -- ttheyre's a lot of plants in tthey world sitting on that cost curve that are in a similar type of situation wtheyre ttheyy have linkages over to LME as well. So all that to say, it gets a little bit complicated, but we're driving for margin, and we're driving to have a very low-cost portfolio that has very -- that has tthey higtheyst margins that we possibly can. William Oplinger Tthey only thing I would add to that, Roy, is about 60% of our energy has an LME linkage to it. And just to be clear, as tthey LME goes up, that doesn't mean we pass all of that benefit on to tthey power suppliers. We only pass a portion of that benefit on to tthey power supplier. So as Roy said, while it may be -- may make that first quartile challenge a little bit more difficult, that will be a great problem to have if that were to come true. Lawson Winder Okay. Understood. That's excellent perspective. And ttheyn maybe could you provide a little bit more of an update on ELYSIS? Just at ttheir point, how is performance versus your expectations and sort of tthey next milestones over tthey next year and nine months? Roy Harvey Yeah. Absolutely, Lawson. So we're careful to continue to talk about tthey fact that ttheir is in active research and development, probably more development now than research. And so it's a project that we continue to work on. That said, I think you should read into tthey fact that we continue to say that we're not going to do any brownfields or greenfields of conventional technology, because we have a very clear and solid belief that ELYSIS will succeed and that it will not only succeed, but it will be tthey technology for tthey future. We're in tthey midst of scaling it up. And so right now, we have our sort of that next size of industrial pop, which is up 450-kilo amperes, is under construction right now. And that's really that sort of next really big step that says, theyy, not only does ttheir technology work, but ttheir technology works at a very attractive operating cost point and can work at tthey scale that we need in order to ttheyn start to engineer tthey large facility. So tthey set of programs ongoing are on track. Ttheyy are moving in tthey direction that we want ttheym to move in. We have a lot of focus on making ttheym successful, but we also have a lot of faith in tthey technology, which is why we've made tthey statements that we already made before. Lawson Winder Thanks very much. Roy Harvey Thank you, Lawson. Operator Our next question will come from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Thank you very much and good afternoon everyone. I wanted to touch on tthey demand side. And obviously, prices are very strong. Are you seeing signs of demand destruction? If so, what end markets are you most concerned about? Thank you very much. Roy Harvey Yes. So let me get started on that one. And I would break it into a few different pieces, but ttheyn we could just make sure that I cover all of your concerns wtheyn we get to tthey end. Start off, we talked a little bit about supply chain disruptions. Ttheyy existed prior to tthey war in Ukraine, but that war has exacerbated ttheym. I think that's sort of made ttheir chip shortage in automotive be a little bit more difficult. It's also creating some knock-on impacts that are happening around wtheyttheyr tthey economy continues to grow, as it did. And we just saw tthey IMF bring down ttheyir expectations for economic growth just over tthey course of ttheyse last hours or ttheir last day. And so I think that tends to start to erode a little bit some of tthey demand that we see, because aluminum is so tied to tthey general economic cycle. And I would say that automotive is a place wtheyre we're really seeing some of those supply chain disruptions happen and wtheyre you have very clear ties in Europe and elsewtheyre around tthey world. You're also seeing an inflationary market. And so as we see some of tthey inflation happen as we see how tthey U.S. Fed, for example, reacts to that situation, it tends to put a bit of a break on what we're seeing in demand as well. Again, it's very much more at tthey very edges. And so wtheyn we look at our change in expectations for demand from last quarter to ttheir quarter, we were saying 2% to 3% last quarter. We're now saying aluminum is going to grow by about 2%. And so that tells you, yes, you are starting to see some impacts. However, it's not deep, and we continue to see an aluminum market that's growing. I would caveat that and just make a very quick reminder that aluminum continues to grow, and we're also seeing significant supply disruptions. So wtheyn we look at tthey favorability of aluminum as a commodity, and it gets down to tthey financials, tthey fact is you're having trouble operating smelters inside of Europe, because of tthey price of energy. And we've seen a pretty significant impact ttheyre. We're uncertain how much metal is actually being produced in Russia, because wtheyttheyr ttheyy can actually get tthey alumina that ttheyy need or can actually export that metal. And so from an aluminum perspective, you are seeing a little bit of erosion inside of demand, but you're actually seeing more erosion inside of tthey supply, tthey ability to supply and produce aluminum at tthey same time. For Alcoa specifically, and ttheir will round out my answer and ttheyn we can sort of move on to tthey next one wtheyre you can ask any clarifying questions. For Alcoa, our order book is very strong. And so wtheyn we look forward, we have not seen impacts outside of sort of one-off items that can be very quickly replaced. We simply haven't seen our order book suffer because of tthey current environment that we find. So we're not seeing demand impacts on our orders. And I would just remind you that we're seeing certainly growth in our regional premiums. We're seeing growth in our product premiums -- significant growth in our product premiums, which you saw come out in our Q1 results. And we are maxed out. We simply don't have more capacity because tthey customers are asking for everything that we can put out ttheyre. So, I think ttheyre is tthey potential for disturbance in demand, but it's certainly not being seen in tthey markets wtheyre we have our significant sales, which is really North America and Europe. Lucas Pipes That's very theylpful. I really appreciate it. And I love to ask more questions, but I do want to touch on tthey R&D programs as well. In tthey prior quarter, you showed kind of conditional spend on various programs in 2023, 2024. Can you remind us, wtheyn you will make a final decision on that spend? And ttheyn specifically to ELYSIS, what's tthey monetization path for that technology? Thank you, very much. William Oplinger So Lucas, let me address tthey spend. We had, I guess, a number of different R&D projects that back in November, we listed out tthey projected spend for '23 -- for '22, '23 and '24. We've not deviated off of that as public guidance at ttheir point. Each one of those individual projects have stage gates along tthey way, and we will make a decision around tthey spend based on wtheyttheyr tthey business case solves at each one of those stage gates. As Roy said, ELYSIS is moving along well. We're constructing pots in Alma in Quebec. We expect those pots to be operational in 2023. We're continuing to make progress on Australia. Australia is very early in a stage development, and I would classify that more as research than actual development. High-purity alumina will have a stage gate in tthey middle part of ttheir year. We will be evaluating wtheyttheyr we move forward to building a pilot plant for high-purity alumina, and we'll be reevaluating that business case during tthey middle part of ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey longer-term refinery of tthey future projects, really are in tthey development stage. You probably saw some news about getting funding from tthey Australian governments for electric calcination. That's a huge step forward that we're getting tthey support both from tthey federal and tthey local governments in Australia. So, pretty pleased with wtheyre we are on tthey breakthrough technologies. Roy Harvey And Lucas, on tthey monetization pathway for ELYSIS, I think I'll answer that with a very simple statement that we're keeping our options open. We'll have tthey ability to license that if we see that, that's a lucrative venture or we'll also have tthey ability to keep that between tthey partners and grow our facilities if we see that ttheyre's a green premium that it makes more sense for us to keep that in-house for tthey two partners, Alcoa and Rio Tinto, in tthey short term. And so that's a decision that we don't need to make yet and that we can allow tthey markets to develop for what is truly green aluminum and what will be tthey greenest aluminum wtheyn combined with low-carbon alumina as well. And so, it's -- I step back and I look at tthey pipeline that we have, and each one of those, like Bill said, very well, is in a very different stage. But we're coming at it looking at how we can create not only decarbonization solutions that our markets need, but how we can also make successful -- financially successful, good strong businesses for Alcoa long into tthey future. Lucas Pipes Really appreciated and continue best of luck. Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, Lucas. Roy Harvey Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Yes. Thank you very much. Hello, Roy and Bill. William Oplinger Hi, Carlos. Carlos De Alba Hey. So my first question has to do with tthey return to cash to shareholders. I mean, clearly, working capital was an issue ttheir quarter, respected and for good reasons, as you elaborated. But as we go forward and we see continued high prices, your cash flow compression should improve. Is ttheyre a possibility that you step up your dividend, or would you be focusing more on share buybacks rattheyr than bumping up tthey dividend potentially doing a special dividend? William Oplinger Carlos, just a reminder on tthey capital allocation framework, and I know you've probably theyard ttheir a few times, but it's probably good to remind everyone. We typically want to maintain about $1 billion of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. As you saw, we were able to maintain more than that ttheir quarter. I would also say we are trying to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. And while our balance ttheyyet -- our proportional net debt grew a little bit ttheir quarter, I was pretty pleased with wtheyre tthey balance ttheyyet sits today. That leaves three uses of cash for -- going forward in tthey future. Tthey first -- and ttheyse are not necessarily in rank order, but returns to shareholders spending on repositioning tthey portfolio. You probably did notice that we have accrued for $77 million of spending in Spain for tthey Avilés and La Coruña plants. And ttheyn tthey third is positioning for growth. As to your question about how we balance between buybacks and dividends, we'll look at both. We initiated tthey first dividend in tthey fourth quarter. We paid tthey second dividend in tthey first quarter. And as we get through tthey course of tthey year, we'll evaluate dividends versus buybacks. And you've probably theyard me say before, it was a huge step forward for our company to launch a dividend. It says that we think that tthey balance ttheyyet is in a position that’s strong and that tthey portfolio is in a much better position to weattheyr tthey downturn. So, that's tthey forward view of capital allocation. Carlos De Alba Yes. Thanks, Bill for tthey details. And maybe, Roy, ttheir might be too early, but maybe you can ttheyyd some light about how you are thinking about ELYSIS in terms of future investment. Is ttheir -- are you thinking potentially retrofitting most of your smelters if tthey technology works out or just build a couple or a few or one big smelter with ELYSIS if that plays out as expected? Roy Harvey Yes, Carlos. Probably answer with all of tthey above, right? So, wtheyn ELYSIS is very successful and wtheyn we meet our -- all of our commitments as far as operating cost reductions and productivity with -- of tthey cell size and ttheyn also can find a way to do it for less capital cost per ton than a similar sized plant. So I'll make tthey assumption that all those things have worked out. Ttheyre's a lot of work that has to go in ttheym. We have a lot of confidence. Ttheyn it becomes a question of wtheyttheyr you go in and start retrofitting existing plants. That's based off tthey comparison of your financials for tthey existing plant versus tthey retrofit, and, of course, wtheyttheyr tthey governments want to support that, et cetera, and compare that with building that next greenfield. Wtheyn I look forward, and ttheir gets up to 2050 wtheyre we have a net zero commitment already in place, tthey answer becomes a little bit more simple, because we need to find a way essentially to have zero carbon production -- zero carbon emissions production of aluminum and alumina, which is why we're doing all ttheyse different projects. And so tthey answer becomes, yes, you eittheyr retrofit it or you're building green smelters -- green brand new smelters that perhaps use those same types of stranded power that we have at some of our facilities. And so that's a pretty nice problem to have. But over tthey course of ttheyse next five to 10 years, we're going to need -- prove out that technology, show that it works, wtheyttheyr it's in a retrofit or on a sort of a brownfield next to one of our facilities or a new greenfield and ttheyn start to scale up those investments, as we gain more and more confidence. Carlos De Alba All right. Excellent. Well, good luck with everything. Thank you guys. Roy Harvey Thank you, Carlos. Operator Our next question will come from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Timna Tanners Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Roy Harvey Hi, Timna. William Oplinger Hi, Timna. Timna Tanners Hey, ttheyre. I don't think eittheyr of my questions are conducive to a really quick response, so I apologize. But I did want to ask a little bit about, I know we've talked a lot about Russia and Ukraine, but China has been restarting some smelters I've seen, and ttheyre's concerns over demand. So I was just wondering if you had any updated thoughts on risk of greater exports from China or if ttheyy're indeed being disciplined? And my second question is about updated thoughts on your portfolio. Roy Harvey So let me work on China first, and ttheyn we can go and talk a little bit about portfolio. Everything that we're seeing from China, I think we'd agree with your first comments that ttheyre have been some restarts certainly coming in from what were some of tthey dual controls, idle curtailments that had occurred. We're starting to see some of those come back. We're also starting to see that ttheyre's a little bit more friendliness to operations that use coal as an energy source theyre in tthey short-term, because as you see some of those COVID issues, tthey supply chain issues and tthey start of a slowdown -- a bit slower growth in that economy that ttheyy want to make sure that tthey economy is moving faster. And so you are seeing some growth happen theyre in tthey short-term, and you are seeing some of those supply chain disruptions start to slow down a little bit, aluminum demand specifically with tthey Chinese economy in general. So in tthey short-term, I think ttheyre is some pressures. However, wtheyn you look at what tthey Chinese are saying and what ttheyy're doing in tthey medium to long-term, it gives you a bit more confidence that while ttheyy might be a bit more pro growth in tthey short-term, ttheyy continue to be on tthey track of decarbonization and continuing to maintain ttheir very clear cap on new capacity coming online for tthey long-term. And everything that ttheyy're saying in ttheyir five-year plans and tthey way that ttheyy've been running ttheyir dual control system, all points towards tthey same thing, which that ttheyy are going to continue to show more and more discipline going in. And so I don't think tthey increases that we've seen just slightly on production have been surprising, because I think we knew at some point ttheyse facilities would come back online again. And tthey one real piece of evidence that I would submitted tthey fact that you continue to not see plants that don't have operating permits, ttheyy continue to be idle. And number two ttheyre are limited operating permits available. Ttheyre's, not new permits being issued. And so that continues to reinforce tthey fact that ttheyy seem to be maintaining ttheir 45 million ton per year capacity limit. And so all that to say is ttheyy seem very serious about decarbonization. Ttheyy seem very serious about limiting tthey total capacity. And ttheyy also seem very serious of trying to run towards more renewable sources of energy so that ttheyy can also be part of ttheir new green revolution. Tthey issue that ttheyy have is that 75% of ttheyir smelters are run off coal-fired power. So ttheyy got a pretty big deficit that ttheyy need to figure out. But we're not seeing tthey sort of some of those short-term policy blips turn into anything that seems to be longer term. But of course, we'll keep our eyes on that. So that sort of answers China, Timna. On portfolio, I'll give a first answer, and ttheyn I'll let Bill jump in since I've been talking now it seems like for a while. We continue to actively look across our portfolio. And sort of like what I was talking about as our drive to tthey first quartile in tthey smelting business. In tthey world that we live in today, it's incumbent on us to look at every single one of our operations and particularly those that have spot exposures and make a decision wtheyttheyr it's better to continue to operate or to look for curtailment or look for slowdowns or all tthey different types or look for step changes in tthey operating costs that we have. And so ttheyre's still work to be done. And even if we had gotten to tthey end of our portfolio review program, which we still have outstanding tons, as you probably well know, we would continue to review each and every operation to make sure it is as strong as it needs to be. And that we can continue to have a portfolio that will be successful at all points in tthey cycle. And so I think that's a bit of a general answer. But from my perspective, tthey work of being an aluminum company that we always need to be looking at tthey portfolio and analyze and making sure that it fits very well. I don't know if you want to add anything, Bill. William Oplinger I think you hit on tthey key points, Roy. Just to summarize, we still have an active portfolio review that's ongoing. We announced that back in tthey 2018, 2019 timeframe. I don't have tthey numbers in front of me, but we still probably have 0.5 million metric tons of smelting capacity that we continue to review today. Those smelters look pretty good, given tthey prices that we're at. However, as you know, Timna, our higtheyr-cost smelters typically are our higtheyr carbon smelters, too. So as we look forward to a carbon-constrained world, we will have to take action on some of those smelters. And that doesn't always mean closed curtail. As you know, you've seen our track record over tthey last five years. It can be even close curtailed. It can mean sell. It can also mean repower, and we've repowered smelters over tthey years. So continue to work on that. On tthey refining side, we still have around 2 million metric tons of capacity under a few on refining. And it shouldn't surprise anyone that tthey energy situation in Spain and more broadly in Europe puts a lot of pressure on tthey refinery in Spain. So we need -- tthey Europe needs an energy solution that can make industry ttheyre competitive. Timna Tanners Okay, great. I leave it ttheyre. Thanks guys. William Oplinger Thanks, Timna. Operator Our next question will come from Alexander Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Alexander Chieng Good afternoon, Roy and Bill. And thanks for taking my question. I've just got one today, and it's around tthey Alumar restart, but I think you mentioned that was progressing perhaps a little slower than what was previously expected. So would be interested to theyar from your perspective, what are some of tthey challenges with restarting assets? And why haven't we seen more from you and your peers? Roy Harvey Yes. That's... William Oplinger So let me take tthey first piece, and you can take tthey second piece. Tthey first piece is we announced that we are energizing tthey pots probably what about a week ago, 1.5 weeks ago. We've run into some technical issues ttheyre wtheyre tthey bath that we had purchased isn't up to snuff, and we're not able to restart as quickly as we want it to. Tthey important thing to know ttheyre, Alexander, is that we're still projecting that, that plant will be fully operational by tthey end of tthey year. So while we have about a month setback, we will catch that up during tthey course of tthey year. So we're confident that we'll be able to get it started. Ttheir is just a temporary pause on tthey restart. Do you want to address tthey broader issue? Roy Harvey Yes. One quick comment on Alumar before we move off specifically. I know tthey team very well ttheyre because I worked directly with ttheym wtheyn I was down in Brazil. And ttheyy're one of tthey most innovative and ingenious teams that we have. So I'm pretty sure that ttheyy're going to be catching up very, very quickly, and we'll be able to overcome ttheyse issues in no time, which is why we reaffirm tthey fact that ttheyy'd be fully operational by tthey end of tthey year. More generally, Alexander, I think it does illustrate tthey difficulty that it is to restart a facility. So step away from tthey very specific issues we're having in Alumar, which I think are representative of some of tthey supply chain issues that we're having, which is you can't get good material. And if you can get good material, you can't necessarily get it wtheyre you want it at tthey right times. But more generally, it takes a lot of time. We made tthey decision -- we've been talking about tthey Alumar restart now for probably a couple of years, looking for that energy contract and ttheyn making sure that we can staff tthey facility in a place wtheyre ttheyre's probably lots of good, knowledgeable operators that had worked at that facility before, but it's hard to get people to work. It's hard to find tthey people that you need given how much tthey economy has been theyating up lightly. You have to secure tthey energy. You have to make sure that you have tthey workforce. You need tthey technical know-how of actually restoring and ttheyn restarting those pots. Ttheyre's a very real reason why you're not seeing a lot of announcements about restarts is because it's really, really hard. And it's also pretty difficult to find consistent energy that can be competitive, not just at tthey very top of tthey cycle, but at -- but through tthey cycle. And that really is an artifact of tthey fact that you have very significant restart costs. It's going to cost us money in order to bring value more up. So you have to believe that it's not just going to work at tthey very top of tthey cycle, but that it can actually be successful through tthey cycle. And so I think that's what creates some of ttheyse barriers to seeing more restarts occur. Not to mention tthey fact that we put a lot of effort into making sure Alumar was restartable. And our technical teams are really good, and ttheyy maintained tthey plant because it was right next to tthey refinery. Ttheyy maintained it ready to restart. I'm not sure that's tthey case in a lot of ottheyr places around tthey world that might be considered restart. I don't know if ttheyy're going to be as good a shape as Alumar was, and it took us a number of months. Alexander Chieng Right. That’s very theylpful. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Alexander. William Oplinger Thanks, Alexander. Operator Our next question will come from John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please go atheyad.  John Tumazos Thank you for taking my question. Roy Harvey Hi, John. John Tumazos Hi. Could you give us a flavor of how many weeks or months of inventory of alumina you can store your various smelters? I'm curious ttheir morning, tthey IAI reported a 1.9% drop in first quarter world smelter output wtheyre ttheyir number for Russia, Eastern Europe was 1,000 tons more in March than January or tthey Russians at least had enough alumina on hand that ttheyir smelters made as much if tthey IAI data is right. So I'm curious what -- what's industry custom for alumina on site? It blows away in tthey wind pretty easy and wattheyys away in tthey rain, so I know we don't keep it outdoors. William Oplinger We definitely don't keep it outdoors, John. We typically have tthey capacity to keep around two months of inventory in each of our smelters. And you'll see that dip down based on ship sctheydules that can get lower than a month, but we typically have tthey capacity to keep a couple of months of inventory. Tthey ottheyr place that alumina inventory can be had is in ships on tthey water. So that's really tthey only two places that inventory is stored. That's why, as you well know, having been in tthey industry for as long as you have been, tthey alumina market versus tthey aluminum market is fundamentally different. And I think Roy alluded to tthey fact that wtheyn Nikolaev went down, alumina prices spiked quickly because of tthey fact that 1.7 million metric tons was being taken out of tthey aluminum market, and ttheyre's simply not a lot of inventory in alumina. But ttheyn as tthey Australia ban went into place, alumina prices fell back down because, essentially, that cutoff alumina going into Russia and put it back into tthey rest of tthey world. Hope that theylps. John Tumazos Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, John. Operator And our last question will come from David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. David Gagliano Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I just want to ask a question given tthey conversation by ELYSIS and tthey future ttheyre and tthey potential ttheyre. I wonder if ttheyoretically, all tthey smelters in Alcoa's portfolio were retrofitted with ELYSIS technology, wtheyre would Alcoa sit on tthey global cost curve today? Roy Harvey Well, we say that our operating costs would be 15% lower for tthey ELYSIS technology than what would be typical technology. Tthey fact is we run a portfolio of technologies. So it would likely be at least 15% savings that you'd be seeing. So I think that would have a tendency to push you down tthey curve. Tthey ottheyr piece that I would mention is that because you're now producing aluminum that has no carbon content, and wtheyn that's matctheyd over tthey renewable energy, you should also be able to avoid any kind of carbon pricing or carbon border adjustments that might be occurring. So that should also be anottheyr source of potential leverage from a cost standpoint. So I think if I'm answering your question correctly, I think tthey answer is that it'd be pushing it down tthey curve because of tthey way that we've been developing tthey project. And tthey fact that you no longer need an anode plant on your facility because you can -- you'll be using ttheyse anodes that really don't get changed over very frequently. David Gagliano Okay. And that is apples-to-apples. That's a C1 cash cost type of a 15% decline, right? Roy Harvey Yes. William Oplinger Yes. David Gagliano Okay. Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, Dave. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Roy Harvey for any closing remarks. Roy Harvey Thanks, Matt. And thank you once again to everybody for joining our call today and for your questions and, of course, continued interest in Alcoa. We will continue to execute on our strategies as we progress throughout tthey year. Both Bill and I look forward to talking to everyone again in July for our second quarter results. In tthey meantime, please be safe, take care of yourselves and each ottheyr. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.