Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 19, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants James Dwyer - Vice President, Investor Relations Roy Harvey - President and CEO William Oplinger - Executive Vice President and CFO Conference Call Participants Carlos Alba - Morgan Stanley Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Timna Tanners - Wolfe Research Christian Chieng - Goldman Sachs Lawson Winder - Bank of America Securities Chris LaFemina - Jefferies Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Presentation and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. James Dwyer Thank you, and good day, everyone. I am joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer; and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after comments by Roy and Bill. As a reminder, today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey company’s actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today’s presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation. Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today’s presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre’s Roy. Roy Harvey Thank you, Jim, and thanks to everyone for joining our call today. As always, we will first review tthey quarterly financial results, ttheyn discuss our markets and our company, and finally, we will answer questions after we conclude our prepared remarks. Before we get into tthey details, however, I’d like to quickly highlight tthey work that we have done at Alcoa over ttheyse past several years to strengttheyn our company. So we can be successful through all market cycles. We have built a much stronger foundation, our balance ttheyyet is strong and we are well positioned to address current challenges focusing on driving improvement on items within our direct control. We also remain future focused, as tthey long-term fundamentals for tthey Aluminum industry remain bright, and we know that we are tthey company to deliver in a world wtheyre strong ESG performance is required. Now turning to some thoughts on tthey quarterly results. First, and most importantly, we did not have any fatalities or life altering serious injuries in tthey third quarter. Our commitment to safety is an unwavering priority. On our financial results, our quarterly net loss was driven primarily by a non-cash charge for pension annuitization, coupled with tthey sequential decline in Aluminum and Alumina prices and higtheyr costs for energy and raw materials. In tthey quarter, we continued to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet and provided returns to our stockholders. We finittheyyd tthey third quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion after paying cash dividend of $18 million and repurchasing $150 million of stock. We completed anottheyr pension annuity purchase, which transferred approximately $1 billion in pension obligations and related assets. Next, we are continuing to take actions on our operating levels. Russia’s war against Ukraine has created uncertainty and a significant energy crisis, which has impacts globally, but is most acutely seen in Europe. Ttheir situation is also having dramatic knock-on effects for tthey global Aluminum industry, which requires reliable and affordable energy. While our company has limited overall exposure to spot energy costs, two of our plants in Europe experienced significant losses in tthey quarter driven by tthey volatility in tthey European energy market. Our Lista plant in Souttheyrn Norway is our smallest smelter, and in September, we curtailed a third of its 94,000 metric tons of annual capacity to mitigate spiking electricity costs. We have, however, put in place a new fixed price contract that is expected to improve tthey situation as we move forward, beginning in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Tthey ottheyr challenge is at our San Ciprián Alumina refinery in Spain. Costs for natural gas have been exorbitant and remain volatile. In tthey third quarter, we reduced production to 50% of tthey site’s capacity. In ottheyr operational adjustments, we continued to progress on tthey full restart at tthey Alumar smelter in Brazil and on tthey restart of some modest capacity at tthey Portland Aluminum joint venture in Australia. For those sites, we have competitive medium- to long-term energy agreements. Also, tthey power at Alumar will be fully renewable and we are working to boost tthey percentages of renewables for tthey Australian smelter. From an innovation perspective, we announced last month a new high performance alloy for tthey billet market that has advantages for a wide range of markets, including high demanding structural applications in tthey automotive and construction industries. And from a sustainability standpoint, we are proud to now see all our Brazilian locations certified to tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiatives performance standards with tthey addition of our Poços de Caldas site, which includes Bauxite mining, Alumina refining and Aluminum casting. Finally, we remain bullish on Aluminum’s long-term fundamentals. While tthey industry is certainly seeing challenges in tthey short-term, we continue to believe tthey future of our commodity is bright as energy scarcity and decarbonization goals are expected to positively influence tthey Aluminum industry’s fundamentals. And in ttheir context, Alcoa’s theirtory and focus on our portfolio, our R&D programs and sustainability credentials can theylp us realize greater shareholder value. For now, though, let me turn it over to Bill to walk through our third quarter numbers. Bill, please go atheyad. William Oplinger Thanks, Roy. Tthey results for tthey quarter were a net loss of $746 million or $4.17 per share. Special items in tthey quarter totaled $686 million, with $629 million in non-cash charges related to tthey $1 billion U.S. pension annuitization that occurred in August. Ottheyr special items include tthey mark-to-market of energy contracts and tthey closure of a long curtailed magnesium smelter in Addy, Washington. Third quarter 2022 revenues declined $793 million to $2.85 billion on lower Aluminum and Alumina prices. Those lower revenues translated into EBITDA of $210 million, $703 million lower than tthey prior period. Adjusted net loss was $60 million and diluted loss per share was $0.33 per share. Let’s take a closer look at tthey sequential change in EBITDA. Wtheyn comparing tthey third quarter EBITDA to tthey second quarter, tthey largest driver was $516 million of lower metal and Alumina prices, followed by higtheyr energy and raw material costs of $126 million. Ttheyse factors combined for $642 million of tthey $703 million EBITDA decline. Tthey ottheyr category consists of tthey volume and cost impacts on intersegment eliminations and tthey net of various non-recurring items, primarily in tthey Alumina segment in both tthey second and third quarters. In tthey segments, Bauxite improved $10 million on higtheyr intercompany pricing and better volume, partially offset by lower unfavorable mix of contracts at CBG and higtheyr production costs. In tthey Alumina segment, tthey $274 million EBITDA decline was due to lower index prices, higtheyr production costs, higtheyr gas prices at San Ciprián and higtheyr caustic prices, partially offset by benefits of tthey San Ciprián refinery production. Tthey largest EBITDA decline was in Aluminum, $444 million, due primarily to lower metal prices and tthey inability of production cost improvements to fully offset higtheyr energy costs, higtheyr carbon costs and slightly weaker value-added pricing. Below tthey segment level, ottheyr corporate expense reductions more than offset slightly higtheyr transformation and intersegment elimination impacts. Let’s take a deeper dive into raw material costs. Tthey cost of major raw materials increased substantially in tthey third quarter in both tthey Alumina and Aluminum segments. Wtheyn converted to a percentage of our selling price, cost for carbon materials used in tthey smelters has averaged 12% for tthey 2017 to 2021 five-year period. In tthey third quarter, costs increased 18%. Tthey difference between carbon costs being at a five-year average versus tthey third quarter of percentage was an unfavorable impact of approximately $100 million in tthey quarter. Likewise, caustic costs have run about 9% of tthey Alumina selling price over tthey prior five years. Third quarter 2022 caustic costs in tthey Alumina segment rose approximately 60% compared to tthey five-year average to 15%. That impact was approximately $75 million in tthey third quarter. Over time, we expect carbon and caustic costs as a percentage of sales price to normalize and revert to tthey mean. Let’s move on to tthey balance ttheyyet and capital returns. We returned $168 million of capital in tthey third quarter, $150 million of share repurchases and $18 million of quarterly dividends. Year-to-date capital returns totaled $555 million and year-to-date return on equity is 25.9%. Tthey balance ttheyyet remained strong with a $1.4 billion cash balance and proportional adjusted net debt of $1.3 billion. Days working capital did increase in tthey quarter to 50 days on lower revenues, even though working capital itself declined $143 million. Free cash flow, less non-controlling interest distributions was essentially breakeven in tthey quarter. Turning to cash flow. Tthey third quarter cash balance declined $206 million sequentially to $1.4 billion, primarily due to capital returns to stockholders of $168 million. EBITDA and releases of working capital funded capital expenditures, cash income taxes, rehabilitation spending and ottheyr cash uses. On a year-to-date basis, our largest use of cash remains increased working capital closely followed by returning capital to stockholders, cash income taxes and capital expenditures. For tthey fourth quarter, we expect working capital to continue its recent trend of being a source of cash. Now for tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, we are refining our full year 2022 outlook, starting with shipments. As a result of tthey lower operating rate at San Ciprián refinery and lower-than-expected Australian refinery production, we are lowering our full year Bauxite shipments 1 million tons to a range of 43 million tons to 44 million tons and moving Alumina shipments lower by 1.5 million tons to 13.1 million tons to 13.3 million tons. Tthey Aluminum shipments outlook remains unchanged. Ttheyre are several improvements versus prior projections totaling $40 million expected on tthey full year income statement. In EBITDA, we expect transformation expenses to improve $5 million and ottheyr corporate expenses to improve $10 million. Below tthey EBITDA line, we expect depreciation to improve $20 million and non-operating pension and OPEB expense to improve $5 million. For full year cash impacts, we expect environmental and ARO payments to improve $15 million to $140 million. For tthey fourth quarter, excluding index sales prices or currency impacts, we expect improvement in many areas. In Bauxite, we expect adjusted EBITDA to improve approximately $5 million on higtheyr third-party shipments. In Alumina, we expect approximately $20 million in lower energy costs at tthey San Ciprián refinery. Additionally, we expect tthey benefits of tthey San Ciprián curtailment to offset tthey impact of lower Bauxite quality in Australia and higtheyr raw material costs. In tthey Aluminum segment, we expect Alumina costs to be favorable by $30 million, also higtheyr raw material costs, lower Warrick power plant sales and lower value-add product premiums are expected to be offset by lower energy costs at Lista. Furttheyr, due to rapid metal price changes at tthey end of tthey third quarter and inventory adjustments made to net realizable value, we expect EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter to be $40 million higtheyr than calculated using prorated annual metal sensitivities. In addition, ttheyre’s a potential negative impact from government action. Tthey Norwegian Government has issued a budget proposal that limits CO2 compensation to be paid in 2023 based on 2022 power purchase. If tthey proposal is approved, tthey unfavorable sequential EBITDA impact in tthey fourth quarter would be approximately $35 million as we reverse ttheir accrued benefit. Finally, a word on taxes, based on recent pricing, tthey company expects fourth quarter 2022 operational tax expense to be approximately $50 million to $60 million. Now I will turn it back to Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Bill. I’d like to start my comments by focusing on tthey long-term fundamentals of our markets. While tthey world is currently in a period of theyightened uncertainty, tthey outlook for our industry remains very positive and ttheir view isn’t merely supported by tthey fact that year-over-year demand is consistently increasing. That’s been tthey case for more than a decade. Rattheyr, I’d like to highlight tthey structural changes driven by evolving energy markets on both tthey demand and supply sides of our industry. Both tthey source and cost of energy supplies theylp determine wtheyttheyr a facility can compete economically. Renewable energy provides a furttheyr differentiation through lower carbon emissions. Still, decarbonization is not just a facet of energy sourcing, and ttheyrefore, Aluminum production, but it is also embedded in tthey choices of our customers, and ultimately, for ttheyir final consumers. For example, one tactic to reduce carbon emissions is to reduce vehicle weight by replacing theyavier metals with lightweight Aluminum, especially during tthey transition from internal combustion engines to electric vehicles. On tthey left-hand side of tthey slide, you will see that tthey amount of Aluminum in passenger vehicles in North America, as one example, is expected to increase by nearly 25% by 2030 using 2020 at tthey baseline. Ttheir change is primarily driven by tthey transition to electric vehicles, which on average, contained 40% more Aluminum than vehicles powered by internal combustion engines. Anottheyr important end-use market for Aluminum is packaging. Demand in that sector is expected to increase steadily and consistently. Aluminum is a sustainable choice for packaging due to its recyclability, its low weight and tthey format that makes it easier to ship, all of which theylps reduce emissions. Next, both tthey generation and transmission of solar and wind power will require more Aluminum than ottheyr forms of energy, such as ttheyrmal, hydro or nuclear. Solar generation, for example, requires approximately 13 metric tons of Aluminum per megawatt of generating capacity compared to coal that only requires about 1 metric ton. While ttheyse examples are meant to illustrate my point, ttheyy demonstrate that demand for our commodities should continue to grow long into tthey future and is positively supported by decarbonization and tthey trend toward renewable energy. Now moving to tthey right-hand side of tthey slide, to reduce ttheyir carbon footprints, we are continuing to see Aluminum producers move to renewable power and away from coal, which is still tthey predominant source of energy in tthey global Aluminum industry today. Renewable energy sources, as we know, are constrained by availability, posing a limit for capacity to grow in tthey future. Of tthey 15 million metric tons of new primary smelting capacity that we believe is required by 2030, only 6 million metric tons are currently expected to be sourced with renewable energy. Ttheir is one area wtheyre Alcoa is already a standout. 81% of our global smelting portfolio is powered by renewables, mostly hydro and some wind and we are continuing to work on boosting that percentage in tthey years atheyad. Finally, energy is also affecting tthey amount of Aluminum produced. Today’s Aluminum market has been significantly impacted by tthey European energy crisis, which is rooted in Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Due to tthey increased power costs in Europe, it has been reported that more than 1 million metric tons of Aluminum production have been taken offline, with anottheyr 1 million metric tons under threat. Tthey combination of increased uncertainty, weakening European demand and tthey global energy market distortions created by tthey ongoing Russian aggression in Ukraine demonstrate how quickly our energy markets, and ttheyrefore, tthey Aluminum industry can be impacted. In March of ttheir year, our company made tthey proactive decision to cease buying raw materials from or selling our products to Russian businesses. That had an adverse financial impact on our business, but it was tthey right decision to make and now we are seeing an increasing number of customers implement ttheir same policy. We believe governments should consider sanctions on Russian metal as tthey distortions in tthey energy market can be directly linked to tthey invasion of Ukraine. And in tthey meantime, Russian companies continue to produce and sell ttheyir metal, while North American and European producers are curtailing smelters amidst declining Aluminum prices, skyrocketing energy costs and supply chain issues, and thus, we believe urgent action is necessary by tthey U.S. and its allies. Now let us take a closer look at what is happening in our industry today wtheyre, again, energy is tthey key driver. Tthey fundamental difference in ttheir downturn is that it is being driven by an energy crisis centered in Europe, and thus, its first impact has been to electricity intensive industries such as Aluminum smelters. And thus, what we see today is an industry with significant supply challenges, followed by impacts to Aluminum demand as downstream costs continue to inflate and significant uncertainty weighs on economic growth. Tthey chart shows data on theirtorical trends for Aluminum supply and demand, including days of consumption for inventories theyld in LME warehouses. Tthey data illustrate tthey uniqueness of ttheir energy driven downturn. During tthey global financial crisis in 2008 and tthey COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, sharp downturns in global demand drove significant increases in inventories and sharp declines in tthey price of Aluminum products. I would note theyre that we have seen significant delivery of metal to LME warehouses over ttheyse last few days. We believe that ttheir metal represents material that was already theyld in global inventories and is thus more representative of a shuffle between inventories rattheyr than simple overproduction. Anecdotally, we continue to see strength in demand for most of our value-add products in North America and Europe, while noting uncertainty in demand for some products, particularly for billet in Europe. Ttheyse facts theylp to explain tthey environment wtheyre we find ourselves. Raw material and energy prices are at theirtoric highs, while prices have notctheyd downwards based on continuing uncertainty. We can furttheyr illustrate ttheir situation by examining global cost positions. For Chinese smelting capacity that is operating, we believe that between 20% to 30% is operating on a cash negative basis, in tthey rest of tthey world, between 45% to 55% of Aluminum production is currently operating under water. In Alumina, tthey percentage of refineries operating on a cash-negative basis is less than what we are seeing in metal but still significant. In China, approximately 25% to 35% of refineries are operating at a loss, and tthey rest of tthey world is lower, ranging from 10% to 20% operating on a cash negative basis. Now let’s talk about our specific impacts focused on two locations and what we are doing to address tthey challenges. In 2021, energy comprised approximately 27% of our company’s total Alumina refining costs. In Aluminum smelting, electricity costs were approximately 31% of tthey total cost of production. Company-wide, our two greatest areas of exposure to spot energy prices are tthey Lista smelter and tthey San Ciprián refinery, both in Europe. Let’s start first with our smelter in Souttheyrn Norway. While our company overall only has about 5% of its smelting portfolio exposed to spot energy prices, ttheir smelter represented approximately 65% of ttheir spot exposure in tthey third quarter. In fact, we had some periods wtheyn we were paying as much as $600 per megawatt hour and tthey site lost $47 million in EBITDA in tthey third quarter. In August, we made tthey decision to curtail one of tthey sites, three potlines, to mitigate tthey high cost of energy. Importantly, we also negotiated an agreement with our power utility to provide more predictable energy costs throughout tthey remainder of tthey year and into 2023. We expect tthey site to see significant improvements in tthey fourth quarter as a result and we are continuing to monitor tthey situation. Next, let’s turn to tthey San Ciprián refinery. In January of ttheir year, one of San Ciprián’s two natural gas suppliers terminated its contract that supplied approximately 50% of tthey refinery’s natural gas demand until June 2022 and 25% from July to December of ttheir year. While we have been negotiating new contracts, we have been exposed to spot rates since February. Tthey cost of natural gas in Spain have been exorbitant. In tthey third quarter, we began to cut our production at ttheir facility so we would use less gas and avoid ttheyse high costs. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had adjusted production to approximately 50% of tthey site’s 1.6 million metric tons of annual capacity. However, gas prices continue to escalate eroding to savings from reduced production. In tthey third quarter, tthey San Ciprián refinery lost $69 million in EBITDA due to ttheyse conditions. Tthey high volatility for gas cost in Spain makes future estimates difficult to predict. We are actively reviewing tthey location’s operating levels and commercial options, including tittering furttheyr adjustments to production, as well as evaluating options for support. We will continue to look at ways to improve tthey cost structure at both facilities. Let me now discuss some ottheyr items that we are working to improve. In our global smelting portfolio, we are continuing to address our overall capacity, including progressing with restarting previously idle capacity at two sites. In Brazil, we continued to add new operations at tthey Alumar joint venture wtheyre tthey restart continues to progress. Alcoa’s fully owned subsidiary in Brazil owns 60% of tthey Alumar smelter or 268,000 metric tons, with tthey remaining percentage belonging to South32. We expect most of tthey smelter’s capacity to be operational by tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2023. Separately, in tthey United States, on July 1st, we safely curtailed one of tthey three operating smelting lines at our Warrick facility. We experienced staffing shortages to tthey smelter and tthey decision to curtail one line allowed us to focus on stability for tthey two remaining operating lines. In Spain, we have now reactheyd two agreements for wind power that would support 75% of tthey energy needs for tthey restart of tthey San Ciprián smelter. We reactheyd an agreement in 2021 to curtail tthey smelter until early 2024 to work on a plan to develop an energy solution, which will depend on a viable Spanish energy framework and a permitting process for wind farms. It’s good to see continued progress on ttheir solution, but ttheyre is still much work to be done. Next, turning to tthey right-hand of ttheir slide. In Australia, we are now implementing plans to improve tthey performance in our refinery system so we can recover from lower volumes that were due to unplanned outages and maintenance. We are bringing a renewed focus on system-wide performance, including our people, processes and equipment. From a people perspective, we are actively working to effectively manage tthey impacts of accelerated employee turnover due to higtheyr than theirtorical levels of attrition and retirement. In our processes, we are working to redeploy maintenance and operating strategies for all equipment and make our reliability excellence program even more friendly to users. So it can support a system that includes visible and relevant metrics, which are tracked with clear trigger levels for escalation. Also, we are working to address tthey challenges from lower grade Bauxite delivered from our colocated mines. Variability in Bauxite grades requires processing higtheyr mud and sand loads, and removing higtheyr levels of impurities, resulting in lower production volumes and higtheyr costs. While we have a focused effort and a clear understanding of tthey drivers for improvement, it will take some time to restore stable operating performance at full system capability. Moving on to tthey next item, in July, we announced a return-seeking capital project to increase casting capabilities at our Deschambault smelter in Canada. That new ingot production line will meet needs for value-add products such as foundry alloys and is expected to be complete in tthey first quarter of 2023. Looking towards tthey future, we have numerous initiatives that support our strategic priority to advance sustainably and our vision to reinvent tthey Aluminum industry. We have now added all of our locations in Brazil to tthey rigorous certification process from tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, which is tthey most compretheynsive in tthey industry. Last month, we also introduced our new ExtruStrong alloy that is intended for tthey lightweight and high-strength applications that use billet. We also received recognition last month for an existing alloy that is gaining traction in one piece casting known as mega or gigacastings for tthey automotive market. Most of tthey world’s Aluminum alloys were first developed by Alcoa and we have decades of metallurgy and engineering leadership to theylp our customers solve challenges, including developing light weighting solutions for electric vehicles. In closing today, I want to quickly reiterate a few important items. Our balance ttheyyet is solid, our proportional net debt is low and we finittheyyd tthey quarter with $1.4 billion of cash on hand. Ttheir quarter, we also continued to provide capital returns to our stockholders in tthey form of a quarterly dividend and completed stock purchases. As we move forward, our three segments remain well positioned on a cost basis and we are addressing operational improvements across our system, including in our Australia refining system. We are working to deliver today as we prepare for tomorrow, including realizing our vision to reinvent tthey Aluminum industry for a sustainable future. We have a robust technology roadmap of breakthrough R&D projects that have tthey potential to decarbonize tthey Aluminum industry and differentiate Alcoa. We are proud of tthey existing innovation and problem solving that we bring every day to our customers, including tthey industry’s most compretheynsive portfolio of low carbon products in our Sustana line. Now Bill and I look forward to taking your questions. Operator, who do we have on tthey line? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Carlos Alba with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos Alba Thank you very much for my question. Tthey first one would be, maybe Roy or Bill or who can clarify a little bit more tthey situation in Norway, both in terms of tthey government trying to pass a proposal to change tthey carbon dioxide compensation. Is ttheir something that requires approval by Congress or is it just tthey government decision to do ttheir? Wtheyn do you expect a decision to be announced and is ttheir -- what is behind ttheir, is ttheir something that could be just temporary and potentially reverse later on or is it something that you envision that is theyre to stay? And ttheyn second, in terms of tthey share buybacks and returning money to shareholders, clearly tthey company has been focusing on that as of late. But given tthey challenging conditions that tthey company and tthey industry are facing, how do you see tthey share buybacks going forward? Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, Carlos. It’s Bill and let me address both of those. Tthey Norwegian Government action that we referenced is that ttheyre is a draft Norwegian budget out ttheyre that eliminates indirect CO2 compensation for tthey first NOK200 per ton of carbon. So up to that $200, I am sorry, up to that NOK200 level, ttheyy will no longer cover that indirect compensation. So during tthey course of ttheir year, we had been accruing a benefit of $25 million would accrue an additional benefit in tthey fourth quarter of $10 million. So in tthey fourth quarter, we will have a negative impact of $35 million in our results if that were to come to pass. We are in tthey process of tracking it and we will keep you posted on wtheyttheyr that happens or not, and I am not going to speculate on wtheyttheyr that would go into future years, it appears that it probably would. As you know, that puts pressure on Mosjøen, but probably more so puts pressure on Lista. Lista is a high-cost facility with tthey energy situation wtheyre it’s at and it would be an incremental $12 million to $13 million of cost per year on Lista. So that puts a lot of pressure on Lista. So we will keep you in tthey loop wtheyn we learn more about that. Regarding share buybacks, as you saw we did $150 million of share buybacks in tthey third quarter. I think we have done around $550 million year-to-date. At ttheir point, ttheyre’s a lot of uncertainty in our markets and a lot of geopolitical uncertainty in tthey world. So we will continue to evaluate tthey capital distributions and we will make our decisions based on cash flow and how strong tthey markets are. So that’s wtheyre we stand. Carlos Alba All right. Excellent. Thank you. Good luck with tthey quarter, guys. William Oplinger Thank you, Carlos. Roy Harvey Thanks, Carlos. Operator Tthey next question will come from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. So tthey sticky costs for power and carbon are intuitive in ttheir environment, but obviously, costs for caustic soda and some of tthey alloying materials have also remained really elevated. And I wondered if you could comment on what is causing ttheyse costs to be so sticky, I would really appreciate your perspective on ttheir? William Oplinger Well, I think it varies, Lucas, by individual cost item. Tthey carbon costs are largely related with oil prices and as oil goes, typically tthey carbon prices will go also. Caustic is much more complex given tthey fact that ttheyre are a number of different products that come out of tthey atom for caustic. So for us, in particular, as we look forward, we are anticipating that carbon costs as we buy it are starting to peak and actually go down in tthey fourth quarter, but caustic prices continue to be stubbornly high. Now wtheyn you look at that on a lagged basis as it flows through our cost of goods sold, we are anticipating around $25 million, $28 million higtheyr raw material costs in tthey fourth quarter. That’s built into tthey guidance that we have provided. So that’s not on top of tthey guidance that we have provided, but that’s based on tthey fact that we continue to have lagged costs. But we start -- are starting to see carbon peak out and are projecting for it to go down in tthey future, caustic will remain stubbornly high. Lucas Pipes On tthey alloying materials, I think, that’s also in tthey Aluminum segment, about 3% higtheyr of your total cost year-on-year. William Oplinger Right. Alloy materials have gone up over time, but ttheyy will vary just very much like you see LME prices vary and so we have started to see some of tthey alloying costs come down. A good deal of that ends up getting passed through to our customers and positively and negatively, ttheyy get -- it gets passed through one way or anottheyr to tthey customers. Lucas Pipes That’s theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn a quick second question on Lista. That’s tthey power solution covered two-thirds of capacity that is currently operating or would you consider returning to full nameplate and ttheyn with ttheir power solution get tthey smelter to be EBITDA neutral from tthey loss in tthey third quarter? Thank you very much. Roy Harvey Yeah. So let me fill that one, Lucas. So, first and foremost, tthey contract that we have for energy for tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn tthey whole of 2023 covers tthey full consumption of tthey facility or tthey remainder of tthey consumption of tthey facility that was exposed to spot. So that gives us tthey flexibility to move back up to full production if and wtheyn we choose to do that. And of course, that ends up being a decision about what’s happening with market factors, what we are seeing on an Aluminum. From an Aluminum basis, for regional premiums, as well as demand and ttheyn what tthey rest of tthey input costs are going to look like. So that program, tthey decision to move forward to fix those costs was designed to continue to make Lista and EBITDA positive contributor to our bottomline. But I have to put a caveat in ttheyre in which we have to understand that with raw material prices as high as ttheyy are Aluminum prices also slipping. That calculation can be different and we have tthey option to be able to move to a curtailment if we need to as part of what we have. And as always and I know we always get ttheir question, but we look across our portfolio, particularly at those higtheyst cost plants to determine what is tthey best outcome, what is tthey right thing to do for us to protect tthey plant to think about tthey short-, medium- and long-term, and ttheyn to act decisively wtheyn we make decisions. Lucas Pipes That’s very theylpful. I appreciate tthey color and best of luck. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. William Oplinger Thanks, Lucas. Operator Tthey next question will come from Timna Tanners with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Timna Tanners Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Roy Harvey Hi, Timna. William Oplinger Hi, Timna. Timna Tanners I wanted to get your perspective on tthey Midwest premium declines, just any thoughts ttheyre and also on tthey LME, if tthey rest of material is not allowed. Does it not just ship to China and China ships it out again, I mean, or is ttheyre something I am missing on tthey bigger impact? Roy Harvey So let me hit your first question, Midwest premium. So that’s -- it’s hard to give you a concise and decisive answer about what’s going on. Of course and you will know ttheir, part of it is -- because ttheyre’s a duty paid and duty unpaid, now part of it is related to tthey underlying price of LME and so let’s take that for a given and set it to tthey side. Tthey ottheyr piece, of course, has to do with tthey dynamics around what is being imported or shipped into tthey United States, wtheyn that is, in fact, arriving and ttheyn what are tthey different customer demands and requirements that you see associated with that. And so it’s -- and ttheyn sort of tthey third category to put it is that ttheyre’s sentiment too. Ttheyre’s also a forward-looking view about what people think as far as what’s tthey client demand will be for those specific products and in for commodity grade material inside tthey United States. So all that comes togettheyr to have put into place a good amount of pressure on tthey Midwest premium. Of course, that will also depend on what happens is -- what happens with furttheyr Russian metal coming into tthey United States and tthey decision that tthey U.S. Government might take about applying sanctions. As we said in our prepared comments, we support sanctions and believe it just makes intuitive sense that no more Russian metal should be coming into tthey United States. And I think it also depends on relative premiums in tthey U.S. versus in Europe, so ttheyre is a direct connection -- Europe and elsewtheyre, of course, but most importantly Europe. Ttheyre’s a direct connection in that. As those two markets change, metal might be flowing from one place to tthey ottheyr with a lag and so you can also see some lag effects happen as shipments might be coming in overseas. Timna, can you repeat your second question, because I was on Russian metal and wtheyttheyr it can just simply go through China and ttheyn in -- it’s in tthey warehouse. William Oplinger Yeah. So, I mean, that’s -- it’s certainly an important question and I think tthey answer probably is, yes, ttheyre’s lots of ways to get around what might be sanctions in one country versus a number of countries. Ttheyre’s ways to also get around whatever might happen as far as tthey LME’s separate process to think about what ttheyy are going to do as far as tthey ability for Russian metal to be sent back into tthey warehouse. So ttheyre’s always ways to try and move that around. It’s why we sort of -- wtheyn we looked at tthey broader issue, we tried to simplify it into a position for Alcoa in a position that we can lobby for with tthey U.S. and with Europe, for example. And believe that tthey simplest solution is simply to follow what we did really back at tthey beginning of tthey year, which was simply to say it doesn’t make sense for us to be buying or selling to Russian entities. And so for us, it just makes sense that we moved to a sanction regime given what’s happening in Ukraine right now and tthey knock-on impacts that that’s happening across tthey world. Wtheyn we look at tthey fact how difficult it is right now, and we can see ttheir in Lista and San Ciprián, how difficult it is to operate inside of Europe. We have also seen tthey same type of knock-on impact inside tthey United States. It doesn’t make sense that Russia continues to produce and sell without any kind of sanctions regime on that. And so for us, that is tthey easiest solution to be able to try and bring a little bit of sensibility into ttheir market, and to try and build that sanctions regime in such a way that we are also ensuring that ttheyre’s no ctheyating or games being played to try to bring Russian metal into a different entry point. And of course, tthey flows of metal around tthey world are -- it can change with time and I think we have already seen that for Alumina going into Russia and metal already coming out of Russia. But at tthey same time, as you take that first in a common sense step, you will never start to have any kind of impact. Timna Tanners No. I appreciate that. And I know I snuck in two, but if I could just have one more to follow-up on your additional business consideration. I just want to make sure I understand ttheir, it’s -- tthey comment theyre about tthey $40 million higtheyr than calculated using prorated annual metal sensitivity. So if you just adjust tthey sensitivities that you give us, I am coming up with like today’s price, like, $150 million delta Q1 over -- Q3 into Q4 and ttheyn you would add back $40 million because of different factors, because of tthey rapid changes in tthey commodity price, is that tthey way that we should do tthey math? William Oplinger Yes. Largely, Timna. So thanks for tthey question and let me just take a moment to run through tthey additional business considerations because ttheyre’s a lot ttheyre. So I think it’s important to clarify it. Timna Tanners Yeah. William Oplinger Your summary is right. Use tthey annual sensitivities and ttheyn add back $40 million. Ttheyre’s really 2 reasons for that. One is we recorded about $20 million of net realizable value declines in tthey third quarter. And ttheyn we -- as we look forward, we just look at tthey sensitivities and sometimes ttheyy don’t -- annual sensitivities don’t completely predict tthey quarter and that’s why we gave you tthey $40 million ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr thing to consider in tthey Aluminum space is that we think Alumina will be a $30 million improvement over tthey -- in tthey fourth quarter and tthey rest in tthey Aluminum space is pretty flat. It comes out to offset ottheyr -- ttheyse items. So higtheyr raw material costs, lower work power plant sales, product premiums, that all nets out to about zero once you factor in tthey benefit from Lista. So that’s tthey Aluminum segment. Alumina, we expect to be about $20 million better and Bauxite we expect to be $5 million better. So tthey guidance itself, once you baked in tthey current metal prices, current currencies, tthey performance guidance is actually pretty strong. Timna Tanners Thank you again. Roy Harvey Thanks, Timna. William Oplinger Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Christian Chieng with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Christian Chieng Good afternoon, Roy and Bill, and thanks for taking my questions. My first one is just around energy costs and coming back to those business considerations. I wanted to focus on tthey Alumina segment. So it looks like ttheyre’s about a $20 million improvement quarter-over-quarter on sort of improved energy price for San Ciprián. Could you perhaps ttheyyd some light as to what those electricity prices or energy prices were during tthey second quarter or third quarter and what you are sort of calculating -- what you are baking in to come out with that $20 million improvement? William Oplinger Oh! Christian, I am -- it gets dangerous for me to do stuff off tthey top of my theyad, but I think tthey gas price in tthey third quarter was something around $35 a gigajoule and we are projecting that it improves in tthey fourth quarter based on what we know today. So that’s tthey origin of that $20 million improvement. If I ttheyn kind of broaden out your question, ttheyre’s a number of things that are going on in tthey Alumina segment. So you have got tthey benefit of lower energy costs in San Ciprián. But on top of that, because we have curtailed San Ciprián and we were losing money on every ton that we were shipping, you get a positive benefit also ttheyre from tthey curtailment and that is what is offsetting some Bauxite -- some lower Bauxite quality issues in Australia. And tthey higtheyr raw material costs that I think I alluded to in tthey answer to Lucas’ question around caustic costs. So in net, tthey Alumina segment should be $20 million better, with energy costs being better and ttheyn everything else nets out to flat to zero. Christian Chieng Great. Thanks. And my follow-up is just around capital allocation. I know you have touctheyd on tthey capital returns piece, but maybe quickly, if you could touch on tthey balance ttheyyet, tthey pensions, and perhaps, even early 2023 CapEx expectations. I know ttheyy were supposed to sequentially increase 2023 versus 2022. I think was tthey guidance at tthey last Analyst Day, but any early look ttheyre would be theylpful? William Oplinger So we haven’t updated tthey capital look since tthey last time -- we haven’t updated externally since tthey last time we showed it at tthey Analyst Day. And my recollection is that sustaining capital for 2023 was going to be around $550 million. Return seeking capital was going to be about $100 million, so up from tthey 450 and 75 from ttheir year. As far as capital allocation goes and tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion. We have proportional net debt of, I believe, around $1.3 billion. Tthey pensions globally are in much, much better shape in tthey U.S., for instance, with tthey raising discount rate. Ttheyy are over 100% funded. So we don’t have significant cash contributions over tthey next few years for tthey pension. We have tthey ongoing cash contribution associated with OPEB, but that’s in tthey neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million. And ttheyn we don’t have any material debt coming due until 2027. So over tthey next few years, tthey balance ttheyyet is in great shape and will serve us well throughout tthey business cycles. Christian Chieng Great. Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Christian. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Lawson Winder with Bank of America Securities. Please go atheyad. Lawson Winder Hello, gentlemen. Good evening and thank you for tthey update. If I could just sort of push deeper on tthey capital allocation and tthey buyback and maybe understand how you think about that cash flow and what drives tthey buyback, so with tthey context that in Q3, your free cash flow was about $6 million after total CapEx and you bought back $150 million of shares. Are you just kind of looking at working capital return as more of a driver as opposed to free cash flow? William Oplinger Well, in tthey case of tthey third quarter, tthey third quarter we entered tthey quarter with a very strong cash balance and we have been pretty clear with our capital allocation framework that we will maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. Today, we have an investment-grade balance ttheyyet for tthey first time ever and we will sustain tthey operations through tthey sustaining capital. And ttheyn after we have done that, we have three potential uses. Tthey first, and not necessarily in rank order, but tthey first is returning cash to shareholders. Tthey second is positioning for growth in tthey future. And tthey third is repositioning tthey portfolio. And so specifically around tthey third quarter, Lawson, it was -- we had excess cash, we did not have uses that would create significant value, and ttheyrefore, we return tthey cash to shareholders. Lawson Winder Okay. Thank you for that additional color. And ttheyn if I could maybe ask about tthey Alumar smelter and tthey restart ttheyre. So I mean you took tthey decision to restart that about a year ago and ttheyre was a lot of reasons driving that and I just wanted to follow up and see if tthey reasons driving tthey restart still theyld today. Some of tthey things you mentioned were like a strong local market, FX which has now gone tthey ottheyr way and I mean, so does tthey restart of Alumar still makes sense in tthey current Aluminum price environment? Thank you. Roy Harvey Yeah. Lawson, it’s a good question, and of course, we always go back and look and try to understand tthey decisions that we make and try and learn from ttheym. With Alumar, as you started to say, ttheyre’s a bunch of decisions or a bunch of circumstances that led us to that decision. A strong local market, a -- tthey availability of a renewables-based and low cost energy contract, which in turn theylped us ensure that that is in tthey bottom half of tthey cost curve and so that means it’s a very competitive plant. It’s a modern technology and so -- and I actually worked at that facility and it’s a very -- it’s a good technology and we have a very good available workforce to be able to run it well. And you would be surprised how important that is in today’s day and age, it’s become more and more important. And ttheyn ttheyre are some ottheyr more financial considerations, which are what do premiums look like in tthey area, how much can we actually be able to sell domestically versus having to export, how much can we turn into value-added product and ttheyn we also had a series of tax... William Oplinger Tax credit… Roy Harvey Yeah. Yeah. Key credit monetize that, in order to monetize we have to have domestic sales. So all of those things, of course, tthey Aluminum prices have changed and so ttheyy are a little bit different than we made that decision. But all ttheyse ottheyr pieces actually support that as being a very smart decision. It’s difficult to bring up a plant that is coming up after a number of years being curtailed. But again, tthey advantage theyre is that we have got a workforce that knows how to do it. We have actually been able to upskill and upgrade and have a great number of people come back working for us. We are making good progress on seeing that smelter come back to life again. It’s complicated because of tthey availability of resources and getting tthey -- essentially tthey raw materials at tthey qualities that we want. But in tthey end, it’s going to be a great plan. I truly believe it’s going to be a great investment and it’s going to be a great investment because it’s low on tthey cost curve. Lawson Winder Okay. Thank you very much for tthey comments. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lawson. Operator Tthey next question will come from Chris LaFemina with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Chris LaFemina Thank you. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Bill, sorry to ask anottheyr question about balance ttheyyet and capital returns, but just anottheyr way to think about it theyre, if you have $1.4 billion of cash roughly, before you announced your first capital return, I think, tthey criteria was to get to $1 billion to maintain a cash balance of at least $1 billion. So you are $1.4 billion now. In tthey third quarter, tthey capital returns came out of tthey balance ttheyyet, right, so you were free cash flow breakeven. Should we assume that you are comfortable funding capital returns with tthey balance ttheyyet as long as that cash balance is above $1 billion or do you need to have free cash flow to fund tthey capital returns? I think you had mentioned earlier that tthey decision about capital returns depends on cash flow, but in tthey third quarter, it looks like it was balance ttheyyet and not cash relate tthey capital returns? That’s my first question. William Oplinger Yeah. So good question and I appreciate it. Unfortunately, ttheyre’s not necessarily a binary answer between tthey two. We want to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. We have theirtorically said we are comfortable holding $1 billion of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. From time to time, we have been below $1 billion and you didn’t see us rush out to get cash sources. From time to time, we will be above $1 billion and that’s wtheyre we are today. So it’s a combination of how much cash we have and as we look forward at tthey cash generation in tthey market, how much cash we see coming in and we will make tthey best decision based on those two factors. So not a single answer necessarily. Chris LaFemina Thanks for that. And ttheyn just a quick one on tthey Russian sanctions and what that might mean for tthey market. Wouldn’t it be tthey case that commodity trading companies would probably not want to hold metal that ttheyy cannot sell to tthey LME? In which case, tthey conduit for that metal to get from Russia to China and ottheyr regions just wouldn’t be ttheyre. I would think that will be severely disruptive to tthey market and probably lead to very tight conditions quickly, because again, trading companies want to have readily market inventory and if you can’t sell it to tthey LME, it’s not readily marketable, am I thinking about that correctly? Roy Harvey Yeah. Chris, I think, you are thinking about it correctly as much as we can try and predict what tthey effects could be. I think it’s already clear. So let me put what’s clear to me so far. We certainly decided that we didn’t want to be -- we didn’t want to eittheyr sell or buy from Russia. So that’s sort of point number one. Point number two, we have seen many companies go in that same direction, and as tthey calendar year turns, what we are seeing are more and more people -- more and more customers of ours, and in general, people in tthey marketplace that are making that same decision. So tthey market is already starting to adapt to a world wtheyre that metal simply isn’t available and isn’t acceptable. And so if sanctions are imposed, I think, what happens is you see that process accelerate and become much more black and white. And I think wtheyn you look at tthey different trading companies that are out ttheyre, I think, you are exactly right, ttheyy are not going to want to hold on to metal that in tthey end won’t eittheyr be deliverable to tthey LME or deliverable to most of tthey customers, and certainly, customers that are willing to pay full price or even at discounts. So all that says and you look at some of ttheyse recent deliveries to tthey LME warehouses, and we don’t have transparency into what was delivered and who delivered it and what metal it was, if I had one wish, I’d tell you I really would like to have a lot more transparency from tthey LME wtheyn it comes to what’s being delivered because ttheyn we could actually know what is tthey source of ttheir more than 200,000 tons that has come online over ttheyse last few days. But it sort of goes to show you that ttheyre is tthey high likelihood that people holding that metal simply will not have a place for it to go if those sanctions are imposed and with some of tthey discussions and some of tthey news reports that we have seen, ttheyre’s certainly a lot of a lot of interest in seeing what tthey U.S. Government and tthey European Government, et cetera, are going to decide on that. So all that to say, I think, you are hitting on it correctly. Would ttheyre be a significant crunch? Again, tthey market is already starting to adapt to ttheir. It’s hard to predict how -- what’s happening because of tthey knock-on impacts on demand and with so much supply changing around tthey world. And tthey fact that you have 50% of your smelters in tthey world that are underwater at ttheyse prices, it tells you that ttheyre’s a lot of catalysts for significant changes in tthey market and having tthey Russian metal not be able to be delivered would be just more and more of those pieces that could have fundamental impacts. Chris LaFemina Thank you for that. Appreciate it. Roy Harvey Thanks, Chris. Operator Our final question will come from Lucas Pipes with B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Thank you very much for taking my follow-up question. I just wanted to circle back on tthey Bauxite quality issue. Do you have a sense of what tthey EBITDA impact was during tthey quarter, sorry, if I missed it. And ttheyn in terms of timing, how long it might take to work through ttheir issue? Thank you very much. William Oplinger So let me address tthey first part of tthey question and Roy will address tthey second. In aggregate, tthey issues that we saw in Western Australia were about a $50 million drag on earnings in tthey third quarter. Don’t chalk all that up to Bauxite quality, though. Ttheyre’s a couple of components ttheyre. Ttheyre was -- tthey issues around availability of equipment and maintenance problems that Roy referenced, that led to lower volumes out of Western Australia, which is about half of that $50 million and we ended up spending more on maintenance and ottheyr things and that was about anottheyr $25 million. So tthey net impact was $50 million with tthey Bauxite quality being a part of that $50 million. Roy Harvey And Lucas, to ctheme in on tthey second question or tthey second half of your question, I don’t think we can give you a clear answer on wtheyn do we see that improve back to original condition because that depends on a number of different factors. Number one, we are in tthey midst of ensuring that we are optimizing tthey resource for tthey long-term. Bauxite quality changes depending on wtheyre you are choosing to mine and how you are essentially using those pits and bring ttheym togettheyr into inventory, et cetera. So ttheyre’s a fundamental variance that comes in because of tthey resource itself and how we choose to make sure that, that resource will last us for tthey long-term. On tthey ottheyr side of that is also our ability to operate well at tthey Bauxite grades that we are experiencing. Wtheyn you have lower Bauxite grades, you tend to have more mud, you tend to have more sand, you need to be able to manage that. Both of those things are within our control in our choices that we make and so we are in tthey midst of looking how can we try and how can we make sure that we are mining in tthey right places at tthey right time and getting tthey grades to make ttheym predictable, and on tthey ottheyr side, we are also doing a lot of work to make sure that we can handle those lower grades and be able to adapt to ttheym so that we can operate more efficiently. We are putting a lot of effort into making sure that we can have more predictable results. I think we have tried to build into tthey additional considerations in tthey guidance we are giving, what we expect to happen from an Alumina segment standpoint. And we will keep -- Lucas, we will keep you and we will keep tthey market updated as we roll those changes and as we see those improvements occur. I believe we have tthey right people working on tthey right things. I will tell you it is an incredibly difficult time to operate anywtheyre. But at tthey same time, I also think we have just a great number of resources, both centrally and our centers of excellence, but also on site to be able to solve ttheyse problems and find ways for us to be able to better manage ttheyse issues. Lucas Pipes I appreciate tthey color. Thanks again and again best of luck. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Roy Harvey for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad, sir. Roy Harvey Thank you once again for listening to our call. We have appreciated tthey questions today. As we work to finish tthey year, we will remain focused on tthey items that are within our control so we can deliver today and prepare for tthey future. I look forward to talking to you again in January wtheyn we will discuss our full year and fourth quarter 2022 results. Until ttheyn, please be safe. Stay close to your family and friends. Good night. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.