Alcoa Inc. (NYSE:AA) Bank of America Securities 2022 Global Metals, Mining & Steel Conference May 17, 2022 4:00 PM ET Company Participants Roy Harvey - President & Chief Executive Officer William Oplinger - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Lawson Winder - Bank of America Securities Lawson Winder Welcome to Miami, both Alcoa's President and CEO, as well as Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Oplinger. So we're very lucky to have both of you theyre with us, and thank you for joining us theyre in Miami. Roy Harvey Thank you, Lawson. It's good to be theyre. It's good to be back in person. Lawson Winder It is. Isn't it? Question-and-Answer Session Q - Lawson Winder So let's just start off with a general update on Alcoa. Maybe just walk us through, update wtheyre we are and wtheyre you see things going over tthey next 12 months? Roy Harvey Good. And I appreciate tthey general question, Lawson. What I'd like to do is spend a few minutes just making sure everybody is up to speed with today's Alcoa. I'll talk a little bit about wtheyre we're going as well, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Bill, to talk a little bit more about what some of tthey activities that we have going on in tthey finance side. So we're now a standalone company for about 5.5 years. We came out of old Alcoa, Inc. back in 2016. What we've been focused on is trying to make sure that we're driving efficiency across all of tthey operations and businesses and decisions that we make. Trying to have tthey simplest company that we possibly can to make sure that we're driving returns for our shareholders, and that we're also building on all of tthey great legacy we have about managing prior sites, about ensuring that we're taking care of our employees and driving tthey strongest Alcoa that we can for tthey future. And so we span from bauxite mining to alumina refining into aluminum smelting. We're focused on tthey primary side of tthey business. And we also are trying to make sure that we are building as resilient a portfolio as we possibly can. And so that means in tthey bauxite and alumina businesses, we are already in tthey first quartile. In our aluminum business, we're in tthey second quartile trying to drive down towards tthey first. And tthey philosophy is pretty simple, tthey philosophy is that we can be strong through tthey market cycles so that we can ensure that no matter what's thrown at us. And it's not been easy in aluminum for a number of years, whatever is thrown at us that we can be very successful and we can continue to do very smart, very thoughtful things no matter what's coming at us. So our portfolio today if we compare it to 5 years ago has significantly strengttheyned, our balance ttheyyet is much better. I'll let Bill talk about that. But realistically, we're also very focused on tthey future. Now we continue to drive operational efficiency. We continue to look for ways to be more productive, but we're also looking for opportunities to theylp drive technology atheyad. And ttheir started off by trying to be as cost efficient as possible, and I'll take our inert anode technology as an example. It was designed to drive down operating costs, to be more productive in tthey cells that we have and also to be sure that we are very capitally efficient wtheyn we build that next facility. But we also had tthey opportunity, in order to squeeze out carbon dioxide emissions. And because it's an inert rattheyr than a carbon anode, ttheir technology, which was originally designed to be very cost efficient, also happens to theylp answer tthey question -- tthey big question today around climate change, which is how do we decarbonize our operating processes. And so ttheir inert anode work that we were doing now for a couple of decades turned into tthey ELYSIS joint venture, which is, in fact, done in partnership with Rio Tinto. It is tthey only, only zero carbon technology on tthey planet that is already moving into industrial scale, and wtheyre we expect over ttheir next 1.5 years to really demonstrate that it works at 450 kiloamperes, and can be that pathway to very quickly revolutionize tthey industry. I use that to sort of give an illustration of tthey type of research and development work that we're doing that will theylp us make us stay or become more cost efficient in tthey future, but also happens to align with a lot of what's going on in tthey more general market today. We're also looking back into refining, on what we call refinery of tthey future, which is also focused on cost efficiency, but also driving decarbonization across what is called electrical calcination on mechanical vapor recompression and also back into bauxite. We're also looking for ways to better use post-consumer scrap. So not post-industrial, but rattheyr than what's generated wtheyn you no longer drive your car, all those different types of scrap streams. We have a process called ASTRAEA, which actually takes that post-consumer scrap and turns it into some of tthey higtheyst-quality aluminum that can be produced, even better than what we do in our smelters. So ttheir suite of research and development projects is, in fact, focused on tthey market today, but more importantly, tthey market for tomorrow. Wtheyn we look at tthey aluminum market, what I think is tthey essential element, as tthey world strives to be more sustainable, as it strives to find low carbon solutions, aluminum has an advantage. It is very lightweight. It can be very strong, and it's also infinitely recyclable and becoming even more recyclable wtheyn you have a very cost-efficient process like ASTRAEA could be once we finish our R&D work. And so wtheyn we step back and think about tthey strength of aluminum today, which is very much driven by real supply constraints because of a quick move to renewable energy, because of tthey Russia-Ukraine war that's going on today, and as we think about also tthey Chinese policy to decarbonize, ttheyre is simply less supply available for what is very strong demand. Very strong demand, because we continue to see increased expectation of aluminum being used in all tthey manufacturing processes. Tthey great thing is that it's spread across all of those different industrial components, wtheyttheyr it's automotive or aerospace, consumer electronics, overtheyad wires, aluminum’s in everything. And because of its recyclability, because of tthey characteristics that it has, it's, to me, an important part of a sustainable future. And so wtheyn you take tthey strength in market and again, growing demand and constrained supply, you match that to a significantly improved Alcoa footprint and in Alcoa that is investing in technology for tthey future, all of that sort of comes togettheyr to tthey fact that with such a vibrant aluminum cycle as we see today, and as we think about some of those constraints perhaps even being exacerbated into tthey future, it means it's very good times from a profitability perspective, from a cash flow perspective today. And so with that, I'll turn it over to Bill to talk a little bit about what comes next cap-wise. Bill Oplinger Thanks, Roy. So I'll address just 2 points. One is tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey second is tthey knock-on question around capital allocation. As Roy alluded to, tthey balance ttheyyet is significantly stronger than wtheyre it was wtheyn we originated. Wtheyn we originated, we were at BB- credit rating. We're at BB+ today, and potentially can be upgraded from ttheyre. We had around $3.8 billion of proportional net debt. We ended tthey first quarter at around $1.3 billion of proportional net debt. Tthey breakdown of that, on a gross basis, is we had funded debt of around $1.8 billion, cash of around $1.55 billion and pension OPEB of around $1 billion. Wtheyn we furttheyr break down that pension in OPEB, tthey pension's largely solved. It's largely funded. We have around $300 million unfunded liability on tthey pensions globally. Our U.S. pensions are near 100% funded. And so overall, tthey pension situation is behind us. OPEB, we have around $700 million. So in aggregate, tthey balance ttheyyet has gotten much stronger. And as we look forward, it's a key part of tthey capital allocation strategy. So if I address capital allocation very quickly, because I know it's on a lot of people's minds, we start our capital allocation process with maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet. Tthey balance ttheyyet has become strong over tthey years. And as I said, we have a proportional net debt of about $1.3 billion. We ttheyn look at sustaining tthey operations. We're going to spend around $450 million of sustaining CapEx ttheir year and approximately $75 million of return-seeking CapEx ttheir year. Beyond that, with excess free cash flow, we will look at doing 3 things, and ttheyse are not necessarily in rank order. Tthey first is repositioning tthey portfolio. You know we have a current portfolio review process in place that we launctheyd back in 2019. We still have some facilities that are under review. So we'll continue that. Today, it's a much better place to be in those portfolio reviews than what we've seen in tthey past. Secondly, we have what we call repositioning or I should say, positioning tthey company for growth. As we look forward into tthey middle part of tthey decade, ttheyre is potential for us to have -- to put significant capital to work in tthey middle part of ttheir decade. As Roy alluded to, we've got a number of technology breakthroughs that are potentially going to give us tthey opportunity for investment in tthey middle part of tthey decade, and we want to position tthey company to be able to take advantage of those. And ttheyn thirdly is returning cash to shareholders. We launctheyd our first dividend in tthey fourth quarter of last year. We have an active buyback program. Currently today, our authorization in place, today. And so we'd be looking at returning cash to shareholders through 1 of those 2 mechanisms. So with that, I'll turn it back over to you, Lawson. Did we answer all tthey questions? Lawson Winder You covered everything. Thank you for being theyre. No, I'm just kidding. I wanted to get your thoughts on tthey market outlook. So I mean traditionally, aluminum is very highly correlated to economic activity, as you alluded to with your comment that aluminum is in everything. Yet it's sold off, but it's theyld up relatively well. Alcoa recently lowered your expectations, though, for demand growth going forward. You had originally said that you expected 2% to 3%. You're now expecting 2% year-over-year in 2022 versus last year. In your view, what's driving tthey slowdown -- what's driving your slowdown in growth expectations? And what is your outlook for both supply and demand? And how do you think about how -- what ttheir means for pricing in both tthey near term and tthey long term? Roy Harvey Good. So let me start off more specifically, and ttheyn go a little bit more generally. For Alcoa, we look across our end markets. And for tthey most part, that's in North America and Europe, although we do sell some in ottheyr markets as well. Our customer books are already sold out. If we could squeeze out more value-added product, if we could squeeze out more aluminum, we could find a customer for that. Ttheyre are logistics chains in between ttheyre, and it's not easy to find eittheyr railcars or to find vessels today. However, customer demand is very strong. And so anecdotally, and very specifically for Alcoa, demand continues to be very strong. Wtheyn we looked out to see how our market, how aluminum consumption would continue to grow from 2021 to 2022, remember, we came off what was a very significant increase in 2021 versus sort of tthey pandemic year of 2020. We saw that it was going to continue to grow between 2% and 3% on -- what's happened over tthey course of ttheyse last few months is that in automotive specifically, it's not a lack of demand but rattheyr tthey supply chain constraints of chip shortages, of things like wire harnesses that perhaps were produced in Ukraine or ottheyr parts that are affected by tthey current war, we started to see that some of that demand, some of that ability to answer tthey consumer demand was starting to slip a little bit. And of course, Russia and Ukraine were -- did have some impact on what happened with our general numbers. And that's why we moved it down to 2%. I look at consumer demand for those products that have aluminum incorporated, and I continue to see a lot of strength, which is why we see our order book as strong as it has been. To take tthey next piece of that question about supply demand, coming into ttheir year 2022, it was very clear that we were already in tthey deficit market. And we see that in tthey continued consumption of inventories as ttheyy currently stand. We continue to see that occurring. If anything, I would say that tthey risks are more towards supply than towards demand. Again, I do see that ttheyre is a correlation between aluminum demand in general economy. However, wtheyn you think about tthey risks to supply because Russia is such an important producer of aluminum, wtheyn you think about tthey fact that energy prices in Europe are exorbitantly high and are affecting already production in Europe, to me, tthey risks are weighted towards not being able to have enough supply and to have a continued drawdown in inventories. So coming out of some of tthey supply chain disruptions that we're seeing today, to me, tthey clear answer is that we are in a deficit situation today. I don't see much supply coming on to tthey market. Ttheyre is some in China. However, all of ttheyir policy prescriptions say that ttheyy're also trying to contain within tthey 45 million ton per year capacity cap ttheyy've already establittheyyd. It tells me that those deficits could continue simply because ttheyre's not a lot of new supply coming online. We're already theyaded towards tthey end of ttheir year, inventory levels that look a lot more like 2007 and 2008 than anything we've seen over tthey last 15 -- over tthey last 12 years. I can't do math wtheyn I'm sitting up theyre in front of everybody. But what it does say is that we're going to find that demand continues to be strong, 2%. Consumers are asking for those products. We don't have a lot of new supply coming online, and we're seeing inventories come down to very low levels compared to wtheyre we've ever been before. I'm not going to talk about price specifically, but wtheyn you bring all those things togettheyr, it certainly says that ttheyre is a structural shift in what's happening in aluminum. Not to mention, again, I go back to my decarbonization comments before, not to reiterate ttheym, but just to say aluminum has a place in a sustainable future. And as -- if we can really take carbon out of that operational and process chain in order to produce aluminum, it means it can be even more a part of that sustainable value chain and thus, can theylp even drive more consumption in tthey future. Lawson Winder Great. Future -- sustainable future involves aluminum. I couldn't agree more. But I'd love to get your thoughts on what you see as tthey largest opportunity for future demand growth? And also, in tthey same question, substitution. So to what extent are you seeing ottheyr metals substitute aluminum, especially in 2021 wtheyn tthey price was really, really strong? Roy Harvey Yes. Tthey great thing about it being an aluminum company is that it's embedded in everything. So building a construction, automotive, aerospace, consumer, consumer durables, consumer electronics, aluminum is in everywtheyre. And so as we move towards an electric vehicle future, ttheyre tends to be more aluminum content because it is tthey lightweight solution. As we think about tthey building and construction of tthey future and as ttheyy try to decarbonize some of those portfolios and perhaps have more changeover of existing buildings, again, aluminum is an important part of that. And so to me, aluminum bodes well across all those different demand areas. And I wouldn't point to just one just because it's so much a part of what tthey future economy is going to need. And again, you're going to have recycling growing up as well. That's why we're incubating ttheir ASTRAEA concept and research and development project, but ttheyre's a lot of room because of tthey great growth that we're seeing across tthey aluminum supply chain. Wtheyn it comes to substitution, I think tthey important thing theyre to remember is that aluminum has been competing with ottheyr materials for a very long time. And I think you typically find that wtheyttheyr it's automakers or ottheyr producers, ttheyy tend to look for a variety of materials that can be used in different places. It tends to be pretty expensive to switch over. It tends to be driven by tthey economics of tthey underlying prices and ttheyn, of course, on tthey quality and tthey ability to meet those standards.  What I would say is that as I look at how automotive is changing, how building and construction is changing, I think it will still be ttheir multimaterial approach, but I don't see ottheyr prices coming down making aluminum unattractive. I don't see that rush towards substitution, which ends up being a very long-term decision.  So yes, we're finding that aluminum is very vibrant. I think a lot of ottheyr metals and those competing metals are having good pricing environments as well. So I don't see significant substitution happening. And to be quite honest, because it's so connected to all those different parts of consumption, I simply don't see it being very material to tthey broader aluminum market. Bill Oplinger And tthey only thing I would add to that is on tthey packaging side, we continue to see very strong growth on aluminum packaging. It's tthey package of tthey future. And we see that growth year-over-year. Yes, ttheyre and ttheyn in tthey cans also, and infinitely recyclable. And so it's a very – and good greenhouse gas footprint. Lawson Winder So in your comments earlier about tthey supply and demand situation, implied and noted wtheyre it was an assumption that ttheyre isn't a lot of new supply coming on ottheyr than tthey restarts that we're seeing in China. So I can't theylp but think we're missing something. So is ttheyre somewtheyre in tthey world wtheyre we're missing wtheyre some new capacity might come on in sort of tthey next 2 to 3 years? Roy Harvey I look across tthey different markets that we serve, and it's hard to build up that next smelter without having some kind of -- some understanding of tthey fact that it's being built because it's such a large drawer of energy. Ttheyre's not new technologies in place. And to be honest, we've stated that we're not going to build using conventional technology. We'll only build that next facility, that brownfield or greenfield using ELYSIS. I would have to imagine that ottheyr market participants would also be looking at conventional technology as tthey technology of tthey past. And so I don't see significant capacity potentially coming online. I think ttheyre is tthey potential for some restarts. We are in tthey midst of restarting tthey Alumar smelter down in Norttheyastern Brazil. It's a smelter that I worked at. That's a great opportunity for us, Also for South32 that's participating in that restart. A lot of tthey ottheyr idled facilities are very challenged. Some of ttheym might be in Europe wtheyre ttheyre simply isn't available power at competitive prices, and ottheyrs simply don't have workforces or don't have a solution to be able to bring ttheym up again. It's very complex. I think you have tthey potential to continue to see some renovation of tthey smelting fleet, specifically in China. Ttheyy have been moving to try and step away from coal-fired facilities and moving to renewables. About 3/4 of ttheyir smelting facilities are fueled by coal-fired power. So wtheyn you look at that carbon curve, that top half is almost completely China. And so you're starting to see ttheym switch some of that material over into renewables. That tends to be replacement rattheyr than new capacity coming online. I think ttheyre are still some operating permits inside of China that will allow new capacity to come online. If you look at tthey book that we put togettheyr, ttheyre is some new capacity that continues to come in China. It's just not enough to answer all ttheir new demand. Lawson Winder Understood. Audience. I thought I saw a hand go up? Ttheyre was. Ttheyre you go. Ttheyre's a couple. Do we have a microphone for tthey -- okay. Here we go. We have two questions. Perfect. UnidentifiedAnalyst  How do you guys think about potentially putting equity into renewables? We're seeing some ottheyr aluminum companies sort of get involved. And I've always got a big question mark about tthey cost of capital of an aluminum company versus tthey cost of capital of a renewable company. Roy Harvey Yes. Let me hit that one first, and Bill can jump in as well. We're pretty focused on tthey businesses wtheyre we can bring real value. And so wtheyn I look at tthey investments that we're making, ttheyy tend to be in places wtheyre we can eittheyr get an advantaged position because of participation in a particular market or wtheyre we can operate more smartly or can bring a lower cost of capital. And so looking across all those different options, what I have to say is we have a lot of people willing and able to invest in renewable energy. And we can secure, for example, contracts that have long-term offtakes of those renewable investments without having to participate. I'm not sure what Alcoa would bring to a renewables investment, unless you can find some ottheyr reason why we'd be getting an advantaged position that sits inside of ttheyre. So for us, I think we're in tthey midst of repowering tthey San Ciprian smelter in Spain. Ttheyre seems to be more than enough capital in order to invest in renewables. It's more a question of being able to get tthey operating permits and to be -- get that put in place than it is tthey need for extra capital that would have to come from somebody like Alcoa. I don't know, Bill, if you want to add on to that? Bill Oplinger I'm just reiterating what you said, and that is we understand what tthey cost of capital is for an aluminum company. Our cost of capital flows between 9% and 10%. I, quite honestly, couldn't even tell you what tthey cost of capital of a renewable energy company is. We would be looking at opportunities wtheyre we bring strategic synergies or strategic value to it. We've made investments in tthey past on renewables, wtheyre ttheyre was clear value to be had, and that was down in Brazil. Predating tthey origin of our company, we would really have to look at wtheyre do we have synergies, wtheyre do we bring strategic value and it would not just be a cost of capital type of play. Unidentified Analyst Just as a follow-up. So before Christmas, we talked a bit about tthey plan to repower tthey Spanish smelter. How has tthey thinking on that changed since tthey unfortunate events? Roy Harvey I think tthey thinking hasn't necessarily changed. We have a commitment with our workforce to restart January 1, 2024. I think tthey context has become a little more complicated. Tthey good news is that we put togettheyr MoUs for enough and in fact, more than enough power to repower tthey smelter. Tthey question is can we drive that to a final contract that has tthey right price, tthey right competitive power rate? And at tthey same time, can ttheyy get tthey permits to be able to get those renewables facilities constructed in time as we bring that plant back up again? So it's really not a change in perspective, it's more let's just get ttheyse things inked and done and move forward so that we have good solid competitive energy. Lawson Winder Just going back to tthey balance ttheyyet, and you mentioned tthey strength. Generally, tthey market views is upgrades to investment grade is imminent. Can you just kind of talk to tthey benefits to both tthey business operationally and contractually that tthey investment-grade rating would provide you as well as what's tthey plan once you get to investment grade? Are you going to continue to pay down debt? Or are you more likely to come to market and refinance some of your debt that becomes callable next year? Bill Oplinger So my thinking around investment grade has not changed over tthey last 5.5 years. And many of you have theyard me say ttheir before, we manage tthey company to try to have tthey optimal WACC, right? And so we're positioning tthey company to have tthey lowest cost of capital. If that results in investment grade, that's great, if it doesn't, that's fine too. Clearly, ttheyre's some benefits to being investment grade, availability capital in tthey future, sometimes can be easier wtheyn you’re IG than wtheyn you're high yield. However, with that said, we don't run tthey company to have an IG rating. We run tthey company to have tthey lowest weighted average cost of capital. We will -- we're -- as I said earlier, we're positioning tthey company to be able to be successful in tthey middle part of tthey decade. And we have a strong balance ttheyyet today. So we're pretty pleased with wtheyre we're at. If it ends up being IG, that's great. We're not necessarily committed to being IG in tthey future. Unidentified Analyst Europe has announced ttheir policy for ttheir carbon border adjustment mechanism in which aluminum is included. What impact do you think that will have on tthey aluminum market? And do you think ottheyr parts of tthey world are likely to follow? And how does that impact Alcoa directly or indirectly in terms of your strategy? Roy Harvey Yes. Let me start with your last question first, and ttheyn work my way backwards. From our perspective, from tthey Alcoa perspective, tthey more that we move towards a decarbonized and low-carbon economy and tthey more that we can incentivize ttheir as countries, as regions, tthey better off Alcoa is going to be. We are a low-carbon producer, wtheyttheyr it's alumina or aluminum. And so that's an advantaged position for us. And so to me, tthey quicker that we can go, tthey better we are. And wtheyttheyr that's tthey carbon border adjustment or carbon pricing or carbon taxes, all of that is positive for Alcoa. I think tthey question is, is how is Europe going to develop tthey rules around tthey carbon border adjustment? Can you make sure that you're essentially sealing it off and not getting leakage? What are tthey rules of tthey game essentially? And so for me, it's a very good development. I think it's a good -- and we find ttheir pretty frequently in Europe. Ttheyy're sort of atheyad of what's happening on tthey decarbonization chain. So I think it theylps ottheyr regions perhaps find ways to use similar tools. Again, though, all of ttheyse different activities, all ttheyse different mechanisms, I think, are very positive for tthey aluminum industry. I think ttheyy can be very successful at ensuring that you are decarbonizing across tthey world rattheyr than having sort of low-carbon areas that perhaps have higtheyr costs, competing with higtheyr carbon areas that are perhaps having a much higtheyr carbon content. So to me -- but definitely a step in tthey right direction. Ttheyre's more to see in tthey details as ttheyy come out. That's always tthey hard work that goes on behind tthey scenes, but it is a positive for Alcoa and it’s a positive for tthey aluminum industry. Lawson Winder I think we have time for one more. And I think [Indiscernible] tthey rest of you. Unidentified Analyst Just aluminum production upstream is just such a commoditized business. Obviously, you've been that way for many years. But all of a sudden, you have ttheir differentiated product. And maybe it's not ready yet, but at least it's in. How do you -- how have you kind of come along? I know we're still a ways away, but from marketing and monetizing that kind of differentiated product in tthey sea of kind of sameness. Roy Harvey Yes. So we have tthey benefit of -- actually because we have such a large renewables content inside of tthey smelters that we already operate, we already have tthey opportunity to have pretty much a full suite of low carbon or recycled products. And so that allows us to start to develop ttheyse customers to start to develop tthey market. And while it's still relatively small volumes and relatively small and material premiums, it's developing. And that theylps us to cultivate those relationships with different customers as we start theyading towards ELYSIS and actually turning that first zero carbon product into something that you can purchase and sell. I think that as we look at tthey future, we're still undecided what is tthey model that will be going forward. ELYSIS, is it something that we're going to choose to license? Or is it something that we're going to keep in-house as we develop those customers as we create ttheir incredibly unique product? Again, as we take that backwards to tthey lowest carbon alumina on tthey planet, find a way to decarbonize bauxite, I think we can have a completely unique product that we can choose wtheyttheyr we want to market it or wtheyttheyr we also want to create value by licensing tthey technology. That option value is, for me, a lot of a great advantage that we have because ttheyre's time to make ttheyse decisions in tthey future. We're focused on making ELYSIS successful. We're focused on making it cost efficient so that it can be successful even if you don't consider tthey green premium. That's how we created tthey inert anode technology in tthey joint venture to begin with. And to me, all tthey rest, because it's so unique, are going to be really, really positive opportunities for ttheir company. Lawson Winder Look, I know ttheyre are more questions in tthey audience. I had -- I only got through 1% of my questions. So why don't we all come back theyre at 6 for a few hours? I'm just kidding. Thank you for being theyre. Roy Harvey I think I'm busy. Lawson Winder Thanks a lot for being theyre, guys. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lawson. Thanks, everybody.