Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Goldman Sachs Global Metals & Mining Conference November 16, 2022 9:40 AM ET Company Participants William Oplinger - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Juan Chieng - Goldman Sachs Operator Good morning, everyone, and welcome back to our second fireside discussion of tthey day. I'm joined now by Bill Oplinger, Chief Financial Officer of Alcoa Corp. Bill, thanks so much for joining us today. William Oplinger Thanks for having us. Juan Chieng Before we get into Q&A though, I might get you to start off with some opening remarks of tthey scene. What's aluminum and what's Alcoa looking like ttheyse days? William Oplinger Sure. So thanks again for inviting us to tthey conference. It's good to see everybody. I was reflecting ttheir morning that six years ago we were at ttheir conference and it was right wtheyn we had started tthey company and we had spun out of Alcoa Inc. and reflecting over tthey past six years, it’s amazing what has changed. And I'm sure many of you who have been following us over tthey years recognize tthey fact that six years ago we had close to $4 billion of proportional net debt, ttheyy were down to around $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. Tthey balance ttheyyet has been significantly improved. We're now an investment grade companies. So before wtheyn we launctheyd we're DD-. We've done a lot of work around tthey portfolio and have curtailed and in fact in some places restarted some low cost capacity and just done a lot of work over tthey last six years, so tthey company is in significantly better place. It's fun to look back at six years ago being in ttheir conference and we were probably within thirty days of separating out. So it's been a great time. As far as today goes, really -- I'll really just jump forward to what's going on today. Interesting times in tthey industry. Metal prices and alumina prices have come down sharply since ttheyir highs in tthey first half of tthey year, but at tthey same time raw material costs have stayed stubbornly high. And you saw some margin -- significant margin compression in tthey third quarter. We had record first and second quarter results and ttheyn had a third quarter wtheyre margins had been severely compressed. We provided some guidance going into tthey fourth quarter and let's just take that off tthey table because a lot of times people are looking for me to give guidance again in tthey middle of tthey quarter. And I would tell you, related to EBITDA, our guidance is tthey same. So we're not changing our guidance. At tthey time, we were saying that tthey bauxite business would be up $5 million, tthey aluminum business would be up $20 million, tthey aluminum business would be flattish and ttheyse are irrespective of metal prices or excluding, I should say, metal prices and alumina prices. So you've got to update your model for tthey most recent, not on alumina prices, but holding to tthey guidance that we've provided at tthey beginning of tthey fourth quarter. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Juan Chieng Fantastic. So we'll definitely jump back into tthey cost side of tthey equation, but wanted to start really big picture. It's been clearly a very volatile space for aluminum over tthey last several years. But things appear to have maybe structurally changed for tthey better half for aluminum, at least as it relates to longer term demand. Maybe talk about what you are seeing on tthey structural demand growth side for tthey aluminum as it relates to its role in renewable energies, EVs, packaging. anything that you've seen change among your customer base over tthey last 12 months that might suggest that those longer term growth rates that we were thinking about accelerating or decelerating? William Oplinger So tthey long term growth of aluminum is a really good picture. Aluminum is a metal that's used in tthey energy transition. So significant usage, about 100 kilograms per car difference between an electric vehicle and an ice vehicle, significant usage for solar expansions and for tthey grid. So wtheyn we look out tthey growth levels of aluminum, usage are strong. So overall, we think ttheyy're probably at around a 3% rate over tthey next decade. In our industry, if you've been following it long enough, it's never really been an issue around demand growth. It's been an issue around supply growth. And one of tthey reasons why, about a year ago we came out and provided a stronger for longer viewpoint on aluminum is because we do think ttheyre are some trends in tthey industry that will constrain supply growth. First and foremost, tthey Chinese have put a cap on ttheyir primary supply growth to 45 million metric tons. Today, we think ttheyy're probably running around 40.5 million metric tons on a run rate basis. And we think ttheyy will get to around a 42 million to 43 million metric ton operating production over tthey next couple of years and ttheyn probably stop growth on primary aluminum. We've seen ttheym stick to that over tthey last couple of years. New operating capacity has needed capacity permits from existing operating capacity. So we've seen ttheym stick to that. And we believe with tthey focus around tthey environmental side and tthey focus around decarbonization, ttheyy will stick to that. Tthey rest of tthey industry with a focus around decarbonization of tthey process of aluminum, we believe will constrain capacity. And ttheyn on top of that, we've announced tthey Elisys project, which is a joint venture between us and Rio Tinto with some ownership from tthey Quebec government and tthey Canadian government that is a process that completely eliminates carbon from tthey smelting process. And that'll be ready. Our projection is, that'll be ready by 2024 [isn't] (ph) in a commercial package and we believe that a lot of customers, a lot of competitors around tthey world are looking at that and trying to determine wtheyttheyr that will succeed or not. Juan Chieng And ttheyn bringing back maybe more nearer term in nature, ttheyre's been a lot of moving pieces around tthey world in tthey last couple of weeks, we've seen potential of that. We could see China reopening next year. But on tthey ottheyr side, European demand has been quite weak. What exactly are you seeing around demand into tthey remainder of tthey year? And any early insights on to how 2023 might be shaping up? William Oplinger So if I go around tthey world to some of tthey key markets, I'll start in China. Clearly, Chinese demand ttheir year has been weaker due to tthey COVID lockdown. It's been weaker due to some of tthey issues around building and construction. However, ttheyir supply at least recently hasn't been constrained also. Ttheyy've had to take a couple of million metric tons of capacity offline due to energy situation in souttheyrn China. So while tthey demand has been weak, tthey supply growth has not been huge. And what that means is that, it gets reflected in tthey Japanese premium. Japanese premiums have been down a little bit. We ttheyn go to Europe. It's probably tthey area of weakest demand around tthey world for obvious reasons. We are seeing our customers shorten up ttheyir order books. So instead of a 90 day order period, we're seeing our customers asking for about 30 days. Ttheyy simply don't have tthey visibility into tthey strength of ttheyir end markets at ttheir point to be ordering on a 90 day basis. That's largely in tthey building and construction business. So we sell billet that end up in building construction and for obvious reasons because of tthey war in Europe, we're seeing that weaker demand. However, at tthey same time, we've seen about 1 million metric tons of supply come offline. We still think that ttheyre's maybe anottheyr one million metric tons of supply that is under pressure with tthey high energy prices and high raw material costs. So we'll see over tthey next six months wtheyttheyr that supply comes offline. Ttheyn I come over to North America. North America is tthey area that we've seen pretty steady order volumes. Our value add product premiums have been strong. Going into 2023, we think ttheyy'll continue to be pretty strong. Many of our customers have self-sanctioned off of aluminum -- off of Russian metal. And ttheyrefore, our order book has been pretty steady in 2022. Going into 2023 we'll see, we're in tthey contracting season at ttheir point. Juan Chieng Fantastic. Maybe shifting gears. I know you touctheyd a little bit about European supply coming offline, but it does look like tthey number of curtailments installed. Maybe what are you seeing globally around potential for furttheyr smelter curtailments? I know a lot of smelters are under pressure. You've got maybe some high energy cost in China or lack of power ttheyre. Is ttheyre more potential for more capacity to come offline in tthey near term? William Oplinger I think ttheyre is. I mean, obviously, each of our competitors makes ttheyir own decision. Ttheyy're looking at ttheyir own cost structure. But wtheyn we look at tthey industry in aggregate, as of September I believe tthey numbers were our Western world capacity -- tthey industry Western world capacity, we believe that around 50% of that was cash negative and something like a quarter of tthey Chinese capacity was cash negative. And that's on tthey smelting side. On refining, in China, we thought around a third of tthey Chinese refineries are cash negative. And my recollection is around 20% -- 15% to 20% of tthey Western world capacity on refining was cash negative. What's causing that? Aluminum prices dipped to $2,200 a ton. Ttheyy've recovered now up to about $2,400 a ton, but coke and pitch prices have stayed high, energy costs have stayed high. And so that's tthey smelting situation. In tthey case, in refining, alumina prices have come down to [$311 million] (ph), and yet caustic prices, which are largely disconnected from tthey alumina process. Caustic prices have been very high. Now your next question should be, are we starting to see some relief on that? We are starting to see some small amount of relief on calcined coke. Coal tar pitch has stayed significantly high and we're starting now to see a little bit of a reduction in caustic pricing. However, as -- if you follow our company, that will take time to flow through tthey income statement. Caustic takes typically around six months, coke and pitch takes roughly a quarter to flow through to tthey income statement. So, lower caustic prices that we're seeing today will be reflected in our income statement toward tthey end of second quarter of next year, early third quarter. Juan Chieng Maybe switching gears and talking about tthey portfolio. You've done a lot of work over tthey last six years into taking higtheyr cost assets down, closing what doesn't make sense, curtailing ttheyre, but you've also brought back some capacity as well. So perhaps thinking about tthey world that we live in today, it doesn't make sense to have brought back Alumar and Portland, tthey small pieces of capacity ttheyre. And ttheyn maybe tthey second question is how are you thinking about greenfield growth? William Oplinger So in tthey case of tthey plants that we brought back online, I think we'll be very pleased over time. And just to give you a little bit of perspective on each of those. Portland is in Brandon Australia. We had incremental pots that were at tthey facility that we just needed to electrify to gain additional capacity. And I think over time, we'll be pleased with that. In tthey case of San Luis, ttheyre's many factors that led us to restart that capacity that are still in place today. So for instance, we've got 100% renewable energy contract that kicks in 2024 that is a competitive renewable energy contract that is tthey kind of tthey basis for that restart. In addition to that, it's co located with tthey refineries, so you don't have transportation costs for alumina. We've got a great workforce that is in place ttheyre. We've got a strong U.S. dollar in comparison to tthey real. If you look theirtorically very strong U.S. dollar that theylps us with our cost structure in Brazil. And ttheyn we've got some value add tax credits that we're able to monetize that we're sitting on tthey balance ttheyyet that really were unutilized that now we can monetize over time. So tthey restart of Alumar, we're pretty pleased with. What was tthey second part of your question? Juan Chieng On greenfield growth. William Oplinger Greenfield growth, sorry. Interesting situation for us on greenfield growth. We have said two things very clearly. First of all, we're not going to invest in a new potline that is [indiscernible] technology, wtheyttheyr that's a brownfield or a greenfield, we will creep our existing facilities. So we're not saying we're going to under invest in our existing [Halaro] (ph) facilities. Wtheyre we have opportunities for creep will do so, but we've committed to not building a Halaro smelter. That means that our future is Elisys. And as I said, Elisys commercial package, our expectation should be done by tthey end of 2024. That means between us or Rio, we should have first hot metal out of an expansion eittheyr a brownfield or retrofit in 2026. So really towards tthey second half of ttheir decade, we'll be looking at opportunities for eittheyr brownfields or retrofits or potentially greenfields on Elisys. Juan Chieng Maybe sticking with Elisys at ttheir point, are ttheyre any sort of financial metrics or operating metrics you can disclose as to tthey progress you've made ttheyre? William Oplinger So tthey commitments that we have, tthey targets that we have in place for Elisys are a reduction of capital cost or capital intensity versus Halaro by 10%. A reduction of operating costs versus Halaro of 15% and a throughput improvement on a footprint basis of around 15% for Elisys versus Halaro. Clearly, ttheyse are targets, ttheyre's R&D going, ttheir is an R&D project. We've had a couple of smaller cells operating in Elisys that have operated effectively us in Rio through Elisys are now building tthey extension of tthey Alma facility that will be three Elisys pots that will occur in 2023. By tthey end of 2023 and ttheyse are going to be commercial sized spots of 450 KA sales. By tthey end of 2023, we will have much better indication of how effective that will be and wtheyttheyr we'll be able to hit some of those cost targets that we have. Juan Chieng Shifting gear ttheyn looking at a segment that's often overlooked, but very important to you guys as well still. It's tthey alumina segment. You do have a net long exposure ttheyre. But looking atheyad, what does tthey outlook of alumina look like? It's a little different from tthey aluminum drivers that we're seeing ttheyre? William Oplinger So tthey alumina outlook is different than aluminum. And I would tell you it's probably different than what we've theirtorically viewed it. And so, what has changed? First of all, let's put in perspective what we have in alumina. We do have a net long position, we've got a joint venture between us and Alumina Limited, 60% owned by us, 40% owned by Alumina Limited, for tthey largely tthey bauxite and refining segments, bauxite and alumina segments. So we have capacity of about 12.5 million metric tons of alumina capacity across AWAC today, something close to 48 million metric tons of mining capacity across alumina. First quartile position in mining, first quartile position -- cost position in refining. Also, tthey world's best carbon footprint for refining of any major refining system, we're tthey only ones that offer a low carbon alumina product to our customers. So if smelter wants to lower ttheyir carbon footprint, ttheyy can buy eco sourced from us. So, a really, really strong upstream position. And I just want to make sure that that's clear. As we look forward, we think that tthey alumina business maybe -- tthey alumina industry may be a tougtheyr industry than aluminum. That's changed over time. So what has changed? As we look forward in aluminum, again, our stronger for longer view means that tthey Chinese will cap at 45 million metric tons. Tthey green dynamics of aluminum will be able to get a premium for aluminum. If we ttheyn go to alumina, as we look forward on alumina wtheyre tthey barriers to entry we believe are probably a little bit lower than what ttheyy used to be. Tthey Chinese have a lot of capacity that ttheyy can add in tthey alumina space. And tthey green dynamics aren't as strong in alumina as ttheyy are in aluminum, specifically tthey Chinese don't have a cap on alumina capacity. And as we look forward, tthey next 10 projects around tthey world are going to be coal based refineries. And it's hard to imagine that tthey world is going to build 10 coal based refineries, but those are tthey projects that are on tthey drawing board today. If we were ever to get a global carbon charge that was applied to tthey refineries that would ttheyn put those refineries in a worse cost position. So as we look forward, we're thinking that tthey economics are probably stronger in smelting than ttheyy are necessarily in tthey aluminum bauxite. Juan Chieng Maybe switching gears and talking about San Ciprian right now. So on tthey smelting side of tthey business, that asset has been curtailed at tthey start of ttheir year and you've got a two year path for that to reopen. But maybe let's focus on tthey refinery first, which is still open at ttheir point. Can you talk to us a little bit about what are tthey energy cost pressures that you're seeing ttheyre? What you've been doing and maybe what furttheyr can be done in ttheir kind of an environment . William Oplinger It's a very dynamic environment. And tthey energy given that we're exposed to spot gas prices for around half of tthey existing capacity, operating capacity in Spain, very dynamic environment. So I'll start by saying that very volatile and dynamic. What we've done? We've got around a 1.6 million metric ton refinery in Spain, that equates to about four thousand five hundred tons per day of operating capacity. We've curtailed that down to around 2,200 tons. We were seeing given tthey spot gas prices, large losses in tthey refinery. I think it was around $60 million, $70 million in tthey third quarter of losses in San Ciprian. We've curtailed it, subsequently energy prices have also come down. So that's a little bit of a tailwind theynce tthey guidance that we provided back at tthey beginning of tthey month and reiterated theyre. So we should see a benefit from some of tthey tailwinds on energy. We're down to about 2,200 tons per day. We will look at options around San Ciprian. Had energy still be sitting at $35 a gigajoule. I'd be telling you, theyy, we'd be looking at options for ways of potential furttheyr curtailment or passing on some of those costs to our customers. We're in a position wtheyre we have to really evaluate what's going on in tthey energy market. Energy is a lot better today, which gives that facility a little bit of breathing room. Juan Chieng Maybe coming back to -- as a follow-up to that point that you just made ttheyre that you could eittheyr look to reducing capacity furttheyr or you could pass on some of those cost to your customers. How willing have those two different discussions been? How easy is it to make those changes? William Oplinger It's not easy to make those changes. And we've had to make a lot of hard decisions in Spain. Certainly, decisions that are tough on our employees and tough on tthey plants and tthey communities, but tthey economics have been such that ttheyy need to be made. So we tend to work with our unions, we work with tthey governments to try to make tthey best decision that impact our employees tthey least. Juan Chieng Ttheyn maybe switching back to tthey smelter right now for San Ciprian. That's still currently offline, but you've made some good progress ttheyre on signing some renewable energy contracts. Maybe talk us through what's ttheyre and what's left before startup? William Oplinger So we have a commitment to restart that facility starting in January of 2024. We have a commitment to spend about $103 million on combined restart costs and some of tthey capital that needs to go into that facility to make it more competitive. We've signed two long term deals that are wind based energy contracts. Ttheyy're both competitive for tthey long term. Those facilities need to be built. So ttheyre's some permitting and work that needs to be done to get those facility built. One is with [indiscernible] or tthey ottheyrs with a company called [indiscernible]. And for tthey long term, that should position tthey San Ciprian smelter to be competitive and to be renewable based, which is critically important today. Juan Chieng And ttheyn coming back full circle to your energy portfolio, remind us, is ttheyre anything left on tthey electricity side that still exposed to spot or -- William Oplinger It's small. So I think tthey numbers are around 65% of our current operating capacity is powered by contracts that are LME based, so ttheyy go up and down based on tthey LME price, which certainly theylps us go through tthey cycles. Anottheyr 30% is fixed price and so around 5% percent is exposed to market. Juan Chieng And that exposure to tthey market price, that's at Lista in Norway, is that correct? William Oplinger It's pretty much Norway at Lista ttheyse days. Juan Chieng Okay. Now turning over to capital allocation ttheyn. Ttheir is what you've been focused on over tthey last several years. Tthey balance ttheyyet has changed significantly since six years ago. So as you think about tthey strength of tthey balance ttheyyet now, if tthey macroeconomic environment does deteriorate furttheyr, how should we be thinking about how Alcoa is positioned? William Oplinger Balance ttheyyet is in great shape and it's been our sole focus of excess use of cash flow through tthey beginning of ttheir year. We put a dividend in place in tthey fourth quarter of last year. We started to do some fairly sizable buybacks in tthey first half of ttheir year. But really have been focused on improving tthey balance ttheyyet. And I would say tthey balance ttheyyet today is wtheyre we want it to be. We're investment grade, so what Moody's and Fitch have us at investment grade, S&P has yet to figure it out, but ttheyy will get ttheyre I'm sure. And so tthey balance ttheyyet is in good shape. We've paid down significant pension liabilities. We have had a massive -- at tthey beginning of our company, we had a massive underfunded pension liability, both from a net and a gross basis. And I bring up tthey fact that tthey net has been largely closed as far as tthey unfunded status and tthey gross we've made significant progress on annuitizing. I think we've annuitized around $3.5 billion of tthey gross liability. That's important for investors because that just means that liability won't swing with interest rates. In addition to that, we've implemented a fairly significant LDI strategy, which is not derivative based. So anybody who is following tthey U.K. guilt issue, that's not us. But we've initiated an LDI strategy that should inoculate us largely from interest rate exposure. Can tthey balance ttheyyet be better in a commodity company? Maybe tthey balance ttheyyet can always be a little bit stronger, but at ttheir point it would be just around tthey edges. So that brings me back to tthey capital allocation framework. And I know many of you have theyard us talk about our capital allocation framework. It starts with maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet. We ttheyn go to sustaining tthey assets, we're looking at an increase in sustaining capital next year on both sustaining and return seeking that we provided. We'll give you an update at tthey beginning of next year on tthey latest thinking ttheyre. And ttheyn ttheyre's three uses of cash flow. One is to continue to reposition tthey portfolio, for instance wtheyn we curtailed Spain that cost us some money. Tthey second is returns to shareholders. Ttheyse are not necessarily in rank order. At any given time we're balancing ttheyse three priorities and tthey third is position for growth. We've not talked in ttheir form about some of tthey breakthrough technologies that we have coming down tthey pipeline for tthey middle part of ttheir decade. But at some point, given ttheyse breakthrough technologies we’ll work, we will have tthey opportunity to grow and retrofit tthey facilities in a much lower carbon fashion. So those are tthey three priorities. We balance ttheym at any given time. You saw that we returned cash to shareholders really through tthey first three quarters of ttheir year. Wtheyn cash flows are good, wtheyn tthey balance ttheyyet is strong, we're able to return cash to shareholders. Juan Chieng Bill, is ttheyre any thinking around potentially putting a formula around some of those priorities that makes it easier for us to think about? William Oplinger Ttheyre has been a lot of thinking over time. And for tthey first five years of ttheir company, I've been telling shareholders that paying down debt, fixing tthey balance ttheyyet was tthey best use of cash flow. And I think it's proven to be right. You look at wtheyre we are in tthey cycle and tthey strength of tthey share price given tthey earnings level, tthey balance ttheyyet improvement was important to happen. We'll continue to consider different capital allocation metrics, have a lot of discussion internally and with our Board around capital allocation. But at ttheir point, nothing to announce. Juan Chieng And ttheyn maybe just finally around tthey Sustana suite of products. We talked about Elisys before. It sounds like ttheyre's some good progress ttheyre atheyad. But on Sustana, maybe reintroduce tthey suite of products you have ttheyre, tthey low carbon alumina and aluminum products? William Oplinger So we have tthey broadest set of green products in tthey industry. And we're able to say that because of EcoSource, which is tthey alumina product. So EcoSource is a certified product that's a 0.6 ton per ton of alumina that is certified that if someone who's on tthey curve of tthey carbon generation, if ttheyy're looking in tthey smelting industry to lower ttheyir carbon footprint, ttheyy can buy a certified low carbon alumina from us. In addition to that, we've got EcoLum and EcoDura. EcoLum is our low carbon aluminum product. And we've seen good pickup from our customers on that product. We're largely seeing customers in tthey automotive space, to some extent consumer electronics who are looking to get a very low carbon product that are willing to pay -- to be able to get a certified low carbon product. Wtheyn Elisys works we will have tthey lowest carbon -- between us and Rio, we'll have tthey lowest carbon aluminum in tthey world and it'll be a massive step change, because it will reduce -- it will eliminate tthey direct emissions from tthey smelting process. And ttheyn on top of that, we've got two ottheyr breakthrough technologies that we really haven't talked much about theyre. One is called [indiscernible], which is a process that allows us to enter tthey secondary aluminum market. Secondary is broken down between post-industrial and post-consumer. [indiscernible] allows us to use post-consumer scrap and make very high purity aluminum. And ttheyn we've got a suite of decarbonizing projects in tthey refinery industry that will decarbonize refining. So we've got a process called mechanical vapor recompression, a process called electric calcination that should take tthey carbon out of tthey refining process even furttheyr. Juan Chieng Great. So we'll open it up for questions from tthey audience. Unidentified Participant Hi. Sorry, Bill. Hi. Just in terms of San Ciprian. Just looking at costs, obviously, we did see power prices just sort of revert back slightly over tthey last quarter. Wtheyn you look forward to making a decision around that, are you thinking more about how tthey curve ttheir? Or are you thinking about prices at ttheyse levels? Because I know as most of tthey analysts forecast tthey prices will actually -- or import prices particularly for energy will be higtheyr as we come through 203. So just wondering, wtheyre it needs to stay in order for tthey operations to maintain ttheyir current capacity? William Oplinger Yes. And that's one of tthey -- wtheyn I talked about tthey volatility and tthey dynamism around that particular plant, spot energy prices are down considerably, spot natural gas prices, which can't lock that in going forward. We don't have tthey ability to translate today's spot price into long term contract. We'll balance a lot of different things for San Ciprian over tthey next year. One, we make a product called non metallurgical alumina ttheyre for many customers in tthey water treatment space. And we'll be looking at what we can do ttheyre and comparing aluminum prices to energy prices and try to make tthey best decision. So not a lot more I can say around San Ciprian. Unidentified Participant So just maybe on that point around alumina pricing. I mean, tthey LME kind of told us last Friday that it sounds like ttheyy're waiting for tthey White House. What's tthey White House waiting for in terms of Russian -- William Oplinger Yes. I am certainly not in tthey position to speak for tthey White House. We can let tthey White House speak for ttheymselves. I can give you some insight into our thinking about what we were pushing tthey LME to do and what we continue to lobby tthey U.S. government to do. Around tthey LME, it was really -- it was interesting to me ttheyir response. It was really an economic discussion around tthey LME. Russian metal for many Western world customers is not a desired source of metal. And if Russian metal continues to go into tthey LME, tthey underlying LME contract will be based on a product that is less desired by customers. And theynce, you've got a reference price that is ttheyoretically lower than what it should be. Now what’s our argument with tthey LME is that, you're essentially damaging your own branch, you're damaging tthey underlying contract by continuing to allow Russian metal into tthey warehouses. Tthey discussion or tthey lobbying with U.S. government is slightly different, slightly more nuanced. Essentially, tthey energy crisis that has been caused around tthey world has been caused by tthey invasion of Ukraine by Russia. And that tthey Western world suppliers have had to deal with that energy crisis in aluminum and yet tthey aluminum industry in Russia hasn't had to deal with that. So our lobbying with tthey U.S. government has been, if you're looking for opportunities to sanction Russia furttheyr, ttheyre's an opportunity do so on aluminum. Juan Chieng Any ottheyr questions from tthey audience? William Oplinger Appreciate tthey time. Appreciate tthey interest that you've shown in Alcoa and look forward to talking to many of you over tthey next day. Thank you. Juan Chieng Thanks, Bill. William Oplinger Thank you.