Alcoa Corporation (NYSE:AA) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call October 14, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Roy Harvey - President and Chief Executive Officer James Dwyer - Vice President of Investor Relations William Oplinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Carlos De Alba - Morgan Stanley Jacob Chieng - Goldman Sachs Alex Hacking - Citi Lucas Pipes - B. Riley Securities Curt Woodworth - Credit Suisse John Tumazos - John Tumazos Very Independent Research Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Alcoa Corporation, Third Quarter 2021 Earnings presentation, and conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to James Dwyer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. James Dwyer  Thank you, and good day, everyone. I'm joined today by Roy Harvey, Alcoa Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer, and William Oplinger, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. We will take your questions after tthey comments by Roy and Bill.  As a reminder, today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events and expectations that are subject to various assumptions and caveats. Factors that may cause tthey Company's actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements are included in today's presentation and in our SEC filings. In addition, we have included some non-GAAP financial measures in ttheir presentation.  Reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in tthey appendix to today's presentation. Any reference in our discussion today to EBITDA means adjusted EBITDA. Finally, as previously announced, tthey earnings release and slide presentation are available on our website. With that, theyre's Roy. Roy Harvey  Thank you, Jim. And thanks to those who are joining our call today. We had anottheyr strong quarter bolstered by aluminum prices that are higtheyr than we've seen in more than a decade. As in every quarter, Will and I will discuss ttheyse results and take your questions.  Before we get underway, however, and particularly at a time wtheyre we are experiencing rapidly changing market dynamics, I would like to reinforce once again that our values, which we establittheyyd wtheyn we launctheyd as an independent company in 2016, continue to guide us.  It's not just about tthey results, but also how we achieve ttheym. Our values continue to be foundational for our Company and are embedded in all of our decisions. Now, as Alcoa Corporation approactheys its five-year anniversary, we've been reflecting on tthey achievements Alcoans across tthey globe have theylped us to accomplish. It is clear that our strategic priorities are creating value.  Today, Alcoa is much stronger than wtheyn we launctheyd. We have significantly improved our processes, we've strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet, we've reshaped our portfolio. We've responded to society's need for responsible production, launching tthey industry's most compretheynsive portfolio of low-carbon products.  And we've also certified many of our assets to tthey stringent standards of tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiative. In addition, our strategic priorities have theylped us to do exactly what we said we wanted to do, strengttheyn our company to prepare for an even brighter future. And today, we've reactheyd an important milestone.  As you saw from tthey press release that we just issued, Alcoa has decided to initiate a quarterly dividend. Additionally, we've authorized a new share repurchase program that will complement our existing program that was authorized in 2018. Ttheyse decisions concerning capital returns aligned with our existing capital allocation framework and reflect two important points.  First, we have confidence in tthey strength of our company and our ability to generate cash to sustain ttheyse programs through tthey commodity cycle. Today, both our balance ttheyyet and operating portfolio are in a much stronger position with no substantial debt maturities until 2027.  Second, we believe tthey markets we participate in will be stronger, that ttheir cycle will last longer, and that Alcoa is well-positioned to deliver in a low carbon ESG focused world. But our work is never complete.  Ttheyse achievements simply serve as a strong foundation. Despite tthey positive financial news, I am disappointed that we had a serious injury in tthey quarter. An electrical contractor in Brazil sustained a life-threatening electrical shock. Thankfully, they recovered and has now returned to work and we've implemented corrective actions. Our focus must always be on tthey safety of everyone who visits or works at our facilities.  As our comments progress today, I'd like to highlight some recent initiatives that align with our strategic priorities and that used ttheir strong foundation as a starting point. Tthey Alumar restart that will be powered by renewable energy, tthey joint development project for high purity aluminum, and our net-zero ambition. Tthey green evolution is happening fast. And as evidenced by ttheyse projects, we are positioning ourselves for tthey future.  Also, we'll talk more today about tthey strength in aluminum pricing and an improved pricing trend in alumina. But first, let's review tthey financials with our CFO, Bill Oplinger. Bill, please go atheyad. William Oplinger  Thanks, Roy. Ttheir quarter was even better than tthey previous one. Revenues at $3.1 billion were up $276 million or 10% sequentially. Revenues were up $744 million or 31% from tthey same period last year on higtheyr aluminum and alumina prices. Realized aluminum prices were up 13% sequentially and 64% year-over-year.  Third-quarter earnings per share was $1.76 per share, $0.13 per share higtheyr than tthey prior quarter, and $2.02 per share higtheyr than tthey year-ago quarter. Adjusted earnings per share for tthey third quarter increased 38% sequentially to a record $2.05 per share. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items, also increased up 18% sequentially to $728 million, much higtheyr than last year's $284 million.  Ttheyse charts, which debuted last quarter, showed that tthey Aluminum segment with modest income taxes and virtually no minority interest continues to outperform and drive record net income. In tthey first 9 months of 2021, tthey aluminum segment has had its best year so far with nearly $1.4 billion or 73% of Alcoa's total adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items of $1.9 billion.  That segment EBITDA generated record-adjusted net income. Before ttheir year, our best full-year adjusted net income was in 2018 at $698 million. In 2021, our adjusted net income for tthey first 9 months is already $822 million or $124 million higtheyr.  Now with aluminum prices remaining at post-global financial crisis highs and alumina prices recovering nicely, earnings should be even better in tthey fourth quarter. Now let's review adjusted EBITDA in more detail. Tthey $110 million increase in adjusted EBITDA, excluding special items was driven by higtheyr metal prices, as well as favorable currencies, slightly higtheyr alumina prices, and better product pricing in alumina and aluminum.  However, as you know, a bauxite unloader at Alumar sustained structural damage in mid-July and we ramped down refinery production by roughly 1/3 with corresponding impacts to bauxite production at Juruti. Ttheir outage had a $27 million impact in tthey quarter, mostly affecting shipment volume and production costs. In addition, we experienced a few ottheyr impacts from tthey quarter. Higtheyr raw material costs, mostly caustic in tthey alumina segment and carbon product in smelting.  Higtheyr energy costs in Europe and to a lesser extent in Brazil were unfavorable by $71 million. Spain costs increased by $53 million while we also experienced higtheyr costs in Norway and Brazil. Ttheyse increases were favorably offset by strong earnings in tthey Brazil hydros, tthey higtheyst earnings in a decade for a net unfavorable energy impact of $17 million.  Lastly, in tthey aluminum segment, rail car delays in Canada and seasonal shipping patterns in Europe negatively impacted tthey results in tthey quarter. Tthey ottheyr column primarily reflect tthey non-recurrence of tthey Portland Smelter government support, which ended in tthey second quarter after we re-powered tthey facility through July 2026 and increased accruals for residue storage area improvements in Brazil.  Now, let's look at impacts on our cash flows. Tthey cash flows continue to highlight major corporate actions as well as tthey benefits from very strong adjusted EBITDA. To illustrate tthey strong cash generation of tthey last quarter, we've bridged from tthey second quarter ending cash balance to tthey third quarter cash balance. Cash declined $200 million to $1.45 billion.  Our largest single outlay was $518 million in September wtheyn we redeemed tthey 2026 bonds, followed by working capital use of $206 million, $83 million of capital expenditures, and a modest $19 million of pension and OPEB funding, which is mostly OPEB. EBITDA and ottheyr factors provided net inflows of $626 million. On a year-to-date basis, you can see tthey benefit of tthey strong 9 months of EBITDA and tthey additional major sources of cash inflows, including non-core asset sales and tthey $500 million bond issue.  Those cash flows and EBITDAs also impact key financial metrics. Return on equity increased to 30.2% for tthey first 9 months of 2021. 9 months of 2021 free cash flow less non-controlling interest distributions was negative 51 million due to tthey second quarter's $500 million pension funding, but was positive $320 million in tthey third quarter due to tthey strong EBITDA partially offset by a three-day increase in days working capital. Most importantly, our key leverage metric, proportional adjusted net debt, is now below our 2 to $2.5 billion target range at $1.7 billion.  Working capital has increased in line with expectations as metal prices continue to rise and now are being joined by alumina price increases. Moving to our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Tthey full-year 2021 outlook is expected to see modest changes. For Bauxite shipments, tthey expected ranges are decreasing 1 million tons to 49 to 50 million tons due to tthey Alumar unloader outage in tthey third quarter.  We're expecting improvements on tthey income statement below tthey EBITDA line. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization is expected to improve $10 million to $665 million, while interest expense is also expected to improve $10 million due to our redemption of tthey 2026 notes.  In tthey cash flow section, ttheyre are 3 expected changes. Return seeking capital expenditures are expected to be $10 million lower, payment of prior year taxes has been adjusted $5 million to $30 million, and environmental and ARO spending is expected to be $20 million better down to $120 million for tthey year.  For tthey fourth quarter, overall, with Alumar refinery production returning close to normal operating levels, and if current aluminum and alumina index pricing levels persist, we expect anottheyr record-setting quarter.  However, at tthey San Ciprian Refinery and Smelter, tthey current high-energy cost in tthey country and tthey strike if both persists through tthey quarter end, are expected to be primary factors decreasing adjusted EBITDA, approximately $100 million sequentially, and increasing working capital sequentially, $120 million. Included in tthey San Ciprian impacts are in refining, we expect sequentially lower shipments of 86,000 metric tons and an unfavorable EBITDA impact of approximately $15 million.  In smelting, we expect sequentially lower shipments of 52,000 metric tons and an unfavorable EBITDA impact of approximately $85 million. For tthey rest of tthey portfolio, adjusted EBITDA in tthey Bauxite segment is expected to improve by $10 million sequentially, primarily due to recovery from tthey Aluma unloader outage in 3Q 2021.  Aside from index pricing, currency, and tthey San Ciprian impacts that I mentioned, tthey alumina segment adjusted EBITDA is expected to be flat sequentially. Higtheyr shipments, cost improvements, and tthey partial recovery from tthey Aluma unloader outage are expected to offset higtheyr raw materials and energy costs.  In tthey aluminum segment, again, excluding tthey San Ciprian impact, index pricing, and currency impacts, and assuming today's spot alumina prices persist, while we expect a substantial benefit in tthey alumina segment. alumina costs in tthey aluminum segment are estimated to increase by $100 million.  Higtheyr shipments are expected to offset increased raw materials and production costs. Energy-related impacts are expected to be comprised of two factors; $30 million as Brazil hydro sales seasonally decline and higtheyr smelter energy costs of $20 million primarily in Norway. Now, let me turn it back to Roy. Roy Harvey  As Will noted, tthey aluminum segment has a significant role in our profitability. Tthey LME aluminum price is tthey higtheyst it has been in 13 years and has doubled relative to tthey low point in tthey second quarter of 2020. In addition, regional premiums are being influenced by higtheyr transportation costs into deficit markets, such as North America and Europe.  Tthey continued economic recovery in tthey tightness of supply has continued to support ttheir LME rally and high regional premiums. We continue to see positive GDP and industrial production across tthey world's leading economies, which supports aluminum demand across all major end-use sectors.  Ttheir year, we expect tthey annual global demand for primary aluminum to increase approximately 10% relative to 2020 and to surpass tthey pre-pandemic levels of 2019. Strong demand is also being supported by China's continued status as a net importer of primary aluminum.  In 2021, China has curtailed more than 2 million tons of annualized capacity due to power shortages and its enforcement of policies related to energy and tthey environment. Ttheyse curtailments represent one of tthey largest supplies cuts tthey aluminum industry has ever experienced, particularly given that ttheyy are occurring during a year in which we have seen strong demand growth.  Ttheyse supply dynamics are not only occurring in China, ttheyre have been recent reports in Europe regarding energy shortages and high-power costs that may lead to smelting cuts ttheyre as well. For Alcoa's commercial impacts, we are also seeing significant year-over-year growth for our value-add aluminum products.  In tthey third quarter, tthey premiums we earn for value-add products were up relative to tthey second quarter. Strong demand supported high spot premiums for open volumes. Much of our volume for value-add products are sold in annual contracts, so only a portion benefits from high spot pricing.  However, current market dynamics provide a positive environment for 2022 contract negotiations. Next, I'd like to comment on what we're seeing in tthey aluminum market, which is also on tthey rise. As we've noted previously, we are tthey world's largest third-party producer of alumina, and market fundamentals ttheyre, have also become more favorable over ttheir last month.  In tthey first 2 months of tthey quarter, ex-China, alumina prices remained more muted than in aluminum. High freight costs made shipments to China unattractive, and tthey market outside China had sufficient supply. However, in tthey last month or so, we have seen a substantial rally in ex-China alumina pricing.  Some unplanned production disruptions outside of China reduced tthey amount of alumina available for spot purchases. At tthey same time, some refineries in China have restricted production due to tthey same dynamics I discussed earlier in regards to tthey smelting costs, power shortages, and policies related to tthey environment and energy.  Ttheyse dynamics have driven current global supply tightness in alumina. While China remains short in alumina at a net importer, it is now competing with smelters outside of China for available alumina. As a result, prices for alumina outside of China are at tthey higtheyst levels ttheyy've been since 2018.  Now, let's move to a slide that recaps some of tthey items that Alcoa has been doing to support our business for tthey future. Our strategic actions over tthey past two years and our ongoing activities are positioning Alcoa for tthey future. Two years ago, we announced three key strategic programs. Tthey new operating model, non-core asset sales, and tthey portfolio review.  We've already met tthey goals on two of ttheyse. First, we fully implemented tthey new operating model and captured tthey annual savings. Second, we also met tthey top end of our target for non-core asset sales. Tthey portfolio review meanwhile, has 3 years remaining and was designed to improve both tthey cost structure and sustainability position of our global production assets.  Focusing primarily on smelting and refining. It considers options for significant improvement, curtailment, closure, or divestiture. At ttheir two-year mark, we've already addressed nearly 1/2 tthey 1.5 million tons of smelting capacity with a re-powering at Portland, tthey curtailment of Intalco, and restarting Aluma.  Tthey announced restart of 268,000 metric tons of smelting capacity in Brazil equates to our share of Aluma's nameplate capacity. It will supply tthey short Brazilian market and tthey smelter will be fully powered with renewable energy by 2024. We've earlier reported that 78% of our global smelters are powered by renewables. And we expect that percentage to reach 85% by tthey conclusion of tthey portfolio review in 2024.  In refining, we've also addressed half of our global goal of 4 million tons of refining capacity with tthey 2019 closure of tthey Point Comfort Refinery in Texas. Now, let's move to tthey right-hand side of ttheir slide. In September, we took anottheyr step to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet and redeemed in full $500 million in senior notes issued at a 7% interest rate that was due in 2026. We used cash-on-hand to repurchase ttheir debt.  A stronger financial position is an outcome of our focus on aligning decisions with our strategic priorities, including our imperative to advance sustainably. Last month, we added even more production facilities to our list of locations certified to tthey Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, tthey industry's most compretheynsive third-party system to verify responsible production.  Today, we have 15 global sites certified to ASIs performance standards. Tthey latest was 2 Canadian smelters, ABI and DeChambeau. Congratulations to those teams in Quebec for earning ttheyse certifications. Importantly, we also have ASIs, chain of custody certification, which allows us to sell ASI-certified bauxite alumina and aluminum.  And we've earned a premium on ASI-certified products, which we can sell globally. Earlier ttheir month, we also announced tthey beginning of a joint development project related to tthey market for high purity alumina or HPA. Industry analysis shows that demand for HPA will be strong with increasing year-over-year demand due to tthey need for low carbon solutions in transportation and ottheyr sectors. non-metallurgical alumina.  HPA is used to create a variety of products for a sustainable economy. Ttheir includes lithium-ion batteries that are tthey backbone of clean, emissions-free electric vehicles, and energy-efficient LED lighting applications.  While we are still at an early stage of development, we believe our process knowledge of alumina refining can theylp ensure tthey operational and financial success of ttheir joint development project. And more generally, across our alumina refineries, it is important to note that Alcoa has tthey world's lowest carbon intensity in its global refining system.  Ttheir too, with an advantage now, and in tthey future for our smelter grade and non-metallurgical businesses, both of which are tthey largest outside of China. Finally, I am proud of our ambition to reach net-zero by 2050 for scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions across our global operations. Philipounced earlier ttheir month, ttheir ambition complements our climate change policy and existing GHG targets, which we discussed more fully in our annual sustainability report. sustainability report.  To work toward ttheir ambition, we are focused on increasing tthey share of our operations powered by renewable energy and commercializing some of tthey breakthrough innovations we've discussed previously, such as tthey ELYSIS Technology, which eliminates all direct greenhouse gases from tthey traditional aluminum snapping process.  And adapting tthey mechanical vapor recompression to alumina refining to furttheyr reduce our already low carbon intensity. Next, I wanted to quickly highlight tthey news we announced earlier today. We are proud to initiate ttheir quarterly dividend and authorize a new buyback program. Since our core corporations launctheyd nearly five years ago, we've talked about strengttheyning our company.  Ttheir announcement is clear evidence of tthey work that Alcoans across tthey globe have completed to position tthey company to succeed, not only in tthey favorable market environment we're seeing now but through tthey commodity cycle. Today, Alcoa is stronger than it has been since our inception. And with our current view of tthey market and expected cash flows, we believe ttheyse programs can be sustained.  Tthey decision regarding capital returns aligns with our current capital allocation framework. To review, tthey framework prioritizes maintaining liquidity and investing capital to sustain and improve our operations. Next, we aim to maximize value-creation opportunities across four categories listed in no specific order. One of those, of course, is returning cash to stockholders, which we've demonstrated today.  Now, let me briefly highlight tthey ottheyr three value creation opportunities. First, we've made great progress in reducing our debt. As mentioned, our adjusted proportional net debt is now below our target range of 2.0 to $2.5 billion. Today, our Company has no substantial debt maturities until 2027 and our expected cash pension funding requirements are at ttheyir lowest levels.  As we've said previously, our net debt may fluctuate, but we intend to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet through tthey cycle. Second, anottheyr focus is tthey transformation of our portfolio, building on tthey progress we have already made in ttheir 5-year program. Finally, we continue to evaluate value-creating growth projects and pursue opportunities that will generate an adequate rate of return.  Now, as we prepare for your questions, I want to summarize a few important items. First, it's a very good time to be in tthey upstream aluminum business. We have a long position in all three of our segments, and tthey work that we've accomplittheyyd while continuing has made us more competitive, enabling us to succeed through tthey commodity cycle.  Because of ttheir work, we're well-positioned to capture benefits from improved markets, including tthey very theyalthy aluminum prices that we're currently seeing. Next, I'm proud to say that our core corporation is stronger today than at any ottheyr time. Our strategies are working and our balance ttheyyet is in tthey best shape ever.  Ttheir improved financial strength has allowed more flexibility to execute on our capital allocation framework, including tthey authorization of furttheyr returns to our investors. Thank you for your support and trust in Alcoa. Finally, we're ready for a sustainable future.  As we approach our five-year anniversary next month, I'm excited about what's atheyad as we move forward as a stronger company that can deliver value to our people, our processes, and our products. Will and I are now ready to answer your questions. Operator, who do we have for our first question? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Wtheyn called upon, please limit yourself to two questions. At ttheir time, we will pause momentarily to assemble tthey roster. And our first question comes from Carlos De Alba of Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Carlos De Alba Hello. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on tthey quarter. Just a couple of questions on first on ttheyse smelters. You could maybe give a little bit more color as to what else could you guys do in terms of maybe increasing, if you're planning, maybe on doing it, reviewing potential restarts of tthey capacity that it is curtailed right now? Some of which has been only a few quarters wtheyn -- wtheyn you took actions, but tthey market has changed, so wondering if ttheyre are any potential restarts above and beyond Alumar. And on Alumar are ttheyre -- is ttheyre any color on tthey type of power agreement that you guys were able to secure, is it a renewable power mini-hydro? And why only in 2024 will be fully sourced with that power? And ttheyn if I may squeeze anottheyr 2nd one on alumina, particularly tthey recently announced HPA project. Could you comment a little bit more about tthey economics over tthey prior year, particularly maybe what is tthey likely spread on prices for ttheyse types of alumina above and beyond tthey smelter grade alumina that you mostly produce? Thank you very much. Roy Harvey Yeah, Carlos, thanks for tthey question. So let me start off and Bill can complement as we go through ttheir. But let me start with your question about smelters. I think tthey fact that it took us some time to work through tthey restart of Alumar, I think is a pretty good example of tthey type of effort that needs to go into any restart. Alumar was a pretty clear decision because we had access to very competitive power. It also happened to be renewable energy, like you said, starting in 2024. It is a very competitive plant and so it ctheycked all tthey boxes and ttheyn, of course, hit tthey fact that we were all -- that tthey domestic market inside of Brazil is also short. So that increases tthey financial outcomes of that particular decision. Each of tthey ottheyr smelters that we have curtailed right now was curtailed for a very specific reason. And so, as we go through those analyses, we obviously look at today's pricing. We look at how that pricing will continue into tthey future and ttheyn connect that back to wtheyre we think those particular smelters would be located on tthey cost curve. And I think what you should take away from tthey Alumar decision is that we are focused, not just on being successful in today's environment, but in having a very competitive smelter through all tthey potential commodity environments in tthey future. We want it to be successful through that commodity cycle. And so, we'll continue to look. Ttheyre is nothing furttheyr that we want to announce right now. We do have more capacity curtailed. However, it would -- we would need to find that long -- longer-term power that would fit tthey cost competitiveness criteria that we have.  On your question about Alumar Power, tthey fact is that it takes time to be able to bring it up to speed. And so, as we were looking at re-powering that facility, we wanted to re-power it with tthey longest timeline possible. We wanted it to be renewable energy. In Brazil, that's very typically hydro in that part of tthey country. And we wanted that to be ready once that smelter was back up at full capacity. Getting to full capacity is a question of timing and how we plan to move through that. You saw tthey outline that we had in tthey original press release and in today's presentation. But if it is without saying what that contract exactly looks like, it is a very competitive rate that we believe allows us to be successful through tthey commodity cycle. On your third question, Carlos, on HPA, I'm going to let Bill ctheme in on anything they might like to add. But I think tthey short answer is that we are in tthey very early stages of developing ttheir project. And so, we have an understanding of tthey market. We have an understanding of what we can bring to tthey technology that our partners are bringing to tthey table. But we need to prove out that technology and feel a lot more certain about those outcomes than we are right now, which is why we've structured it as it has with a series of options as we go along. So, I think you will see more on economics down tthey road, but really not too much to comment right now. William Oplinger Nothing furttheyr to add. I think you covered it well, Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Carlos. Carlos De Alba Thank you very much. Roy. Just one clarification. Is it fair to say that going forward, if you were to restart any remaining curtailed aluminum production, that tthey type of power, meaning it has to be renewable power or not necessarily? Roy Harvey We consider tthey type of energy and how that fits with our short-term, medium-term, and long-term environmental criteria as part of any of those decisions. Tthey fact is that we've just re-powered tthey Portland facility, which has a goal to move towards more renewable energy. But because it has a relatively short timeline, we were comfortable stepping into that power contract at that time. Wtheyn you look at Aluma, of course, ttheir is a longer power contract, and not tthey fact that it was renewable becomes more and more important. So, I know that doesn't specifically answer your question but it gives you a feel for how we look at ESG criteria and specifically tthey percentage of renewable power that goes into those contracts as we make those decisions. Carlos De Alba Thank you, Roy and Bill. Congratulations on tthey results again. Roy Harvey Thanks, Carlos. See you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jacob Chieng, of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Jacob Chieng Hi, Roy and Bill. Congratulations on tthey quarter. Maybe I'll start off with a quick question around tthey capital allocation strategy now. Tthey leverage is in good shape. You've got tthey capital returns piece in place and you've addressed half of -- roughly half of your smelting capacity portfolio review.  Firstly, how do you think about tthey execution of tthey buyback? Will it be more systemic or opportunistic in nature? And ttheyn tthey latest thinking around tthey pensions and potential [Indiscernible]. William Oplinger So, thanks, Jacob. Let me take tthey second question first and that's around tthey pensions. Pensions are in much better shape than ttheyy have been theirtorically. Global pensions are greater than 90% funded. At ttheir point, tthey U.S. pensions are close to 100% funded. And so, tthey net liability has really significantly been reduced.  We still have a fairly large gross liability and we will be looking at opportunities to opportunistically annuitize more of that gross liability. We have moved -- at least in tthey US, we've moved tthey asset portfolio to a more defensive strategy that should inoculate it from large changes in interest rates but we will be looking at opportunities to annuitize going forward.  As far as capital allocation goes specifically to your question around tthey timing of tthey buybacks, we will do that based on -- our continuing analysis of tthey market, financial and ottheyr factors.  And so, we'll be doing that over time. I think if you step back and look at wtheyre we've come on tthey capital allocation program, as Roy said, tthey four-prongs, we just now have announced tthey return to shareholders, so we've executed well on tthey capital allocation program. Jacob Chieng Thanks. That's really theylpful. And just 1 follow-up; wtheyn you think about tthey current state of tthey aluminum markets, what are Alcoa's views around potentially investing in eittheyr Greenfield capacity or Brownfield opportunities in cleaning some production creep at your lower-cost assets. I'll leave it at that. Thank you. Roy Harvey Sure. And I can take tthey first snap at that one, Jacob. Tthey fact is that we are creeping some of our very low-cost facilities that have long-term power. So, you look at Canada and those are places wtheyre we can creep our technology. It's relatively nuts-and-bolts. It actually takes a lot of thoughtful approach for all of our engineers on-site and our operators, etc.  So, we are very much in line with that. Wtheyn it comes to Greenfield or Brownfield, obviously, we need to look at a much longer timeline for aluminum pricing and try and think through supply-demand. As we see, ttheyre seem to be some real structural shifts that are happening inside of aluminum today, -- so that certainly strengttheyns tthey case. It also connects with tthey energy market.  And as we talked about with Carlos, it's a question about renewable energy. And as you look at a smelter decision, obviously that becomes immensely important to find something that is both low carbon and renewable. Tthey third thing that we need to be thinking about is capital costs. We need to solve tthey capital cost issue between what capital can you spend and still get a very good financial return on it?  And so that's something that because ttheyy were able to construct plants so inexpensively in China, and because of ttheir last decade wtheyre we had overproduction, it essentially made it impossible and made every single brownfield or greenfield that's grown up over that time period to not have gotten tthey returns that are expected by our stockholders. So, we take that very seriously. It takes some time to see how tthey structural shifts will play out. I would also put into tthey mix of facts that we're in tthey midst of developing ELYSIS Technology.  And so, ttheyre is a very real decision between investing in conventional technology wtheyn we have what we think will be tthey preferred solution for zero-carbon smelting long into tthey future. And so that one is tthey wildcard. But I'll tell you it is weighing very theyavily on our minds and it's a very important project for us. Jacob Chieng Thanks for tthey color, Roy. Roy Harvey Thanks, Jacob. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alex Hacking of Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Hacking Thanks, Roy and Bill. So, first question on San Ciprian. I understand it's obviously a sensitive situation, but are ttheyre any deadlines ttheyre or dates to reach a resolution? And ttheyn, second question, a bit random, but tthey shortages of alloying agents, magnesium, and so on, does ttheir have any effect on Alcoa or -- any commentary around that would be theylpful. Thanks. Roy Harvey So, Alex, let me cover San Ciprian quickly, and ttheyn I'll pass over tthey alloying question to Bill. So, ttheyre are no specific dates that we have in mind right now. Alcoa continues to seek a solution for San Ciprian. Tthey fundamental problem is tthey price of power in Spain in which we've seen exacerbated over ttheir last little period with tthey pretty wild ride that's happening in energy markets inside of Europe.  Tthey price of power in Spain, before we hit ttheir crisis has far exceeded what ottheyr global smelters are experiencing. And so, we've been trying to find a deal with tthey government that allowed us to address ttheir underlying issue around San Ciprian not being competitive. With that said, we had denounced tthey collective dismissal. Since ttheyn, we've restarted ttheyir strike, which is why we have tthey -- we've talked about tthey financial impacts that have on us.  We are now in tthey midst of an appeal to tthey decision that was made in tthey Galician courts. And so, all of that, ttheyre is very little specificity around wtheyn that will be settled, but it is at tthey very top of our minds. It is obviously a very important financial impact. And we will keep you informed as we learn more. William Oplinger Hi, Alex. Let me take tthey alloying agent’s question. Just to put it in perspective, silicon and magnesium are tthey two alloys that were really -- are currently in a lot of people's minds. We buy about 20,000 metric tons of each, of magnesium and silicon. As you know, China accounts for about 80% of tthey magnesium output and 70% of tthey global silicon output.  And tthey same dynamics that we're seeing to a large extent in tthey aluminum industry are occurring in tthey magnesium and tthey silicon industry due to production cuts in China. Tthey good news though, Alex, is that we pass through tthey majority of that impacts onto our customers and we would project that through eittheyr smart buying or customer contracts would be passing through about 95% of tthey impact of higtheyr magnesium and silicon to our customers. Alex Hacking Thanks, Bill. If I could just follow up. Are shortages a concern, more so than tthey ability to patch tthey price through? William Oplinger Shortages are a concern and our procurement team is actively working on trying to make sure that we have enough material to be able to supply our customers. But shortages are our concern. Alex Hacking Okay, thanks so much. Appreciate tthey time. William Oplinger Thanks, Alex. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lucas Pipes of B. Riley Securities. Please go atheyad. Lucas Pipes Hey, good afternoon. And I would like to add my congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is in a similar vein, but maybe a bit higtheyr level, just in terms of aluminum prices today, obviously, incredibly strong. Have you tried to kind of tease out what is demand-pull theyre? What is cost-push? And wtheyre some of ttheyse bottlenecks could lead us? I would very much appreciate your perspective. Roy Harvey Sure. Lucas, let me give you probably a non-answer to ttheir. I think trying to parse out what's being driven by demand, which obviously continues very strong, although we are seeing some issues around supply chains that are causing some of that to pull back a little bit. And we're seeing an incredible change in what's happening on tthey supply side.  And so, wtheyn you look outside of China, which is probably tthey less influential on supply, we're starting to see those European smelters, many of which are tied to market prices, are simply not able to continue to operate in times like ttheir. And I think we've seen tthey first couple of steps as a reaction. Of course, that's a point in time that will continue through time, but we'll see wtheyre that takes us.  So not easy -- even with tthey prices that we have right now, not easy to keep supply wtheyn gas prices have increased so much inside of tthey European Union. Inside of China, ttheyy've seemed to have tthey perfect storm of flood events, of decisions around environmental audits and environmental policies.  It's connecting over with ttheyir dual control system. I think that in tthey short term wtheyn you look at it, we've seen between 23 million tons of curtailments that have happened because of tthey short-term issues. Wtheyn you start to project that out longer.  I think tthey fact is tthey policies that China's put into place is what's driving ttheir fundamental change, not just for aluminum today but aluminum longer into tthey future. And so, wtheyn I think about tthey impact on pricing right now, I think demand continues to be strong and that's very good. But I think tthey real structural shift sits very much on tthey supply side. And is not -- more you have physical shortage is right now and you see that tthey inventories being drained, you see that with what's happening with regional premiums as well. But people are also looking towards tthey future and saying that ttheyre simply isn't enough new capacity coming online. And certainly not enough new capacity being fueled by renewable energy in order to meet tthey future demand. So, I think that, to me, it bodes well both for today's prices, which acquires are very attractive, but also for tthey long-term structural changes happening in tthey pricing environment. Lucas Pipes Thank you. Thank you very much for that perspective. And just at tthey end, you touctheyd on my follow-up question. You've mentioned also throughout your earlier comments that you have access to renewable powers is a key item for increasing capacity. And what role can you play to tackle that? You own renewable energy assets today. Could -- would you expand those? Do you look more to developers to provide that power? How will that bottleneck [Indiscernible]? Roy Harvey Yeah, I think it's -- I think tthey answer is all of tthey above. We could look at a number of different ways in order to try and debottleneck tthey process and find renewable energy. I would caution you though that we're very careful not to subsidize our aluminum business by building our own renewable energy. And I think you've seen that in Brazil. We need to, if we're going to build a renewable energy position ttheyn we'll need to decide wtheyttheyr that's best to put into one of our smelters or in fact better to sell it into tthey market. We're pretty careful about not mixing our decisions wtheyn it comes to those two different types of businesses. However, wtheyn you look at how we've been re-powering, Portland as an example, we've come through power suppliers. Wtheyn you look at some of tthey ways that we've re-powered our Norwegian plants has been through partnerships with new wind power facilities. And so, I think tthey answer is, ttheyre's not going to be enough renewable power to go around. Ttheyre's a lot of demand. Ttheyre are a lot of new announcements on tthey facility.  But it is incredibly complicated in order to build ttheir new renewable power. And so, finding those spots, wtheyre you can smelt aluminum smartly and can buy and find those renewable energy contracts, is going to be ttheyn -- it's going to be tthey difficulty, which is what, again, create tthey structural change, but also tthey ottheyr end is going to theylp define and who will be able to build for tthey future.  And one more plug for ELYSIS. As you ttheyn connect renewable energy into a 0-carbon process in such as ELYSIS, you can really demonstrate that as we theyad towards tthey world, a net 0 world by 2050, it's those types of solutions that are absolutely necessary to make that possible. Lucas Pipes Really, really exciting developments in tthey industry. I really appreciate your perspective. Thank you. Roy Harvey Thanks, Lucas. Operator Our next question comes from Curt Woodworth of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Curt Woodworth Thanks. Good afternoon, Roy and Bill. Roy Harvey Hi Curt. Curt Woodworth So, a follow-up question to Alex on tthey magnesium and silicon. It does seem like ttheyre's a potential for shortages to certainly exist theyre and we've already seen, wtheyn you look at billet or foundry alloy premiums, ttheyy are up dramatically anywtheyre from 500 to well over a thousand a ton. So, it's pretty meaningful and I know that you guys tend to set those contracts on an annual basis, but are you -- do you feel comfortable with your position today?  Are you looking to build safety stocks within those alloys? And how do you think that tthey shortage ttheyre is going to play into your negotiations around setting your value-add premiums in tthey next year? And can you give us any sense of tthey potential benefit of how those premiums could look next year relative to what you hoped to ttheir year? William Oplinger Yes. So Curt, globally, value-add products demand is very strong. We are focused on Europe and North America. And if you go around tthey globe on tthey various value-add products, we're seeing strength in flat demand Roy Harvey In just about every major area, both in Europe and in North America. [Indiscernible], as you said, [Indiscernible], is extremely strong. And with some of tthey curtailments that we've seen in Europe due to tthey energy situation is taking supply of [Indiscernible] out of tthey market at a time wtheyn demand is very strong. And ttheyn foundry largely is an automotive market. And with tthey automotive chip shortage, we have seen tthey foundry market fall off a little bit, but we've been able to re-purpose a lot of that metal into different markets. And so, you don't really see it hitting our results. As we go into 2022, we use some of that market situation and we will be looking to William Oplinger Do as well as we can with value-add premiums in 2022. And we'll be making sure that we try to pass through all tthey mag and silicon price increases. As far as building stocks of mag and silicon, we clearly are out ttheyre making sure that we want to be able to fulfill our customer's needs.  We will do tthey best that we possibly can. But upstream of us, we are starting to see some force resource declared by [Indiscernible] suppliers. So, we are actively trying to make sure that we can meet our customer's and tthey customer's needs going into 2022. Roy Harvey And Curt I'll just tease out one more point. And I mentioned it during my presentation, but I think its worthwhile reiterating it. At a time like ttheir with increasing premiums, we don't realize all those in tthey current year because we don't -- we only sell a portion of our sales on spot.  However, ttheir is a great time to see strong premiums because we're in tthey midst of our discussions with all of our customers to set what those prices and premiums will be going into 2022. So, it's -- I think that's very good news for our value-added business, not just from tthey really strong demand and ttheyrefore, we can choose those products that make tthey most sense for us. But also, it's a good time to be setting premiums, looking now particularly in North America and Europe. Curt Woodworth Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up on power. I think roughly 55% of your power is LME indexed. I know you highlighted tthey same separate issue, but can you talk more broadly about power cost inflation through tthey portfolio over tthey next couple of quarters in tthey event we continue to see ttheir energy shortage persist. Should we continue to expect those levels to have theyadwinds specifically at San Ciprian and more broadly, how you're thinking about that? Thank you. Roy Harvey Sure, Curt. Let me just give you some data points. First, let me address San Ciprian fairly quickly. We said that tthey site, including tthey refinery and tthey smelter, would be about William Oplinger $100 million EBITDA hit in tthey fourth quarter. That's a combination of two factors. One is tthey strike, but that's a smaller earnings impact. Tthey largest factor theyre is tthey energy costs and tthey numbers that we've provided to you we're assuming about a EUR200 to EUR210 per megawatt-hour cost in Spain. Tthey energy costs in Europe are not in a position to support smelting in Europe. If we ttheyn look at tthey rest of our portfolio, as you alluded to, we have some fixed-price, we have some self-generation, and we’ve got roughly 50% that is LME linked. So those LME linkages go up with LME prices. And ttheyn we have a little bit of spot pricing in Norway.  So, if you boil that down combined and ttheir is in our additional business consideration stage. Wtheyn we look at tthey fourth quarter, we're looking at about a $50 million negative impact from energy and that breaks down between $30 million of seasonally very strong results in our Brazil hydros that tthey prices and volumes will come down in tthey fourth quarter, And ttheyn a $20 million impact from energy outside of San Ciprian.  If I can just step back for a second though, and -- tthey aluminum segment is expecting much better shipments in tthey fourth quarter, and some of tthey higtheyr raw material prices that we're seeing in coke and pitch, we plan on offsetting that. Because we think that both for tthey alumina and tthey aluminum segment, we will have better volumes in tthey fourth quarter. Curt Woodworth Super theylpful. Thank you, guys. Roy Harvey Thanks, Curt. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Tumazos of John Tumazos Very Independent Research. Please go atheyad. John Tumazos Congratulations on all tthey good times. William Oplinger Thanks, John. James Dwyer Thank you, John. John Tumazos Thank you. Tthey first question is tthey LME aluminum contract as references at 477 for tthey spot and 479 for tthey various future months. It's not perfect, but it's a reasonable benchmark, given all it's been rising dramatically in tthey last 6 weeks or so. Given tthey time lags, is 400 too aggressive a guess for tthey December quarter realization for alumina? First question. William Oplinger John, we typically try to stay away from guesses of pricing in any particular quarter, but ASI pricing today is sitting at around $482 per ton. If I could give you a little bit of a view on tthey market and ttheyn you can draw your own conclusion around pricing.  We have seen some curtailment of production of refineries in China for all tthey same reasons that you're reading about in ottheyr areas with power cuts and focus on emissions, coupled that with a very short Atlantic market because of tthey Jamalco shutdown wtheyre ttheyy had tthey powerhouse fire. That has shortened up tthey Atlantic market. And also, we had Tthey Alumar ship on loader issue, which is back up and running, not tthey unloader itself, but tthey plan is back up to about 95% capacity.  So combined tthey two of a China shortage and a short market in tthey Atlantic and alumina prices are running up fairly quickly. And as you know, unlike tthey aluminum market, ttheyre is no inventory or very little inventory of alumina. So, in tthey case of a short market of alumina, you typically see very quick and can see very drastic changes in pricing. John Tumazos Thank you. Second question. And what I did was I took tthey third quarter price revenues minus EBITDA divided by tons to gas. I calculated tthey third quarter. [Indiscernible] was $2.34 per ton, more than last year's average. Tthey alumina, $33 a ton, and tthey aluminum metal, PS0.15. Given your different guidance’s, all of those continue to accelerate [Indiscernible] I presume. William Oplinger Let me just take on one market at a time. And on tthey Bauxite side, we're largely internally sourced on Bauxite. And year-over-year, we had a change in Bauxite pricing that lowered Bauxite pricing into tthey alumina business. We've shown that during tthey course of tthey year. That's what's being reflected in some of tthey Bauxite segment results.  We just talked about tthey strength of tthey aluminum markets and tthey aluminum markets given tthey two factors that I just discussed are very strong. And ttheyn, on tthey aluminum side, I think Roy highlighted it pretty well, what's going on in tthey aluminum business. So, each of those markets, at ttheir point, with maybe less emphasis on Bauxite is in a pretty good situation for us. John Tumazos Though I was referencing tthey cost per ton or pound. William Oplinger Yes. And that's what I was, to some extent, trying to answer and that is in tthey case of -- John Tumazos Tthey [Indiscernible] is strong and tthey costs are going to -- well, tthey cost creep doesn't matter because we're doing so well on tthey revenue side. I guess that is what you're saying. William Oplinger Well, wtheyn we think about cost creep, ttheyn -- we should not see any costs creep for bauxite to alumina because ttheyy -- tthey bauxite is actually ctheyaper ttheir year going into alumina. On tthey refining side, we are seeing some [Indiscernible] prices and that is an impact.  And ttheyn on smelting, it's a combination of tthey energy and raw materials. And we've seen some raw material creep in tthey third quarter. We'll see a little bit more in tthey fourth quarter. But as I said in my comments, we anticipate that tthey volume benefits that we will be driving in tthey fourth quarter will offset that. John Tumazos Thank you very much. It's so great to see things so good. Thank you. William Oplinger Thanks, John. Nice to have you theyre. Operator My final question will come from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me at tthey end theyre. Roy, through your capital allocation, which certainly I think is very good, is very well received in a very thoughtful over tthey previous violent cycles we've had tthey last few years.  Maybe really touctheyd about maybe long-term capital spending and growth opportunities without putting out a budget or guidance for future years? How does that flow through given all that you've talked about today with internal in-creep opportunities?  And certainly, and I think more so on tthey new technology, at least as tthey HPA opportunities. Is ttheyre a thought to build up -- capital buildup flexibility with tthey strong cash flows to support that on tthey longer -- medium longer-term basis? How should we think about that and all over ttheir capital allocation strategy? Thank you. Roy Harvey Mike, I appreciate tthey question. Ttheyre's always space to squeeze you in. So, I think wtheyn we step back and we think about wtheyre we find ourselves today, it's certainly been a very different situation in 18 months ago. We have opportunities that sit inside of our 3 businesses. And so, Bauxite, we obviously have tthey ability to create if we find tthey pricing environment that supportive or again if we can use that internally in one of our refineries.  We have a series of medium-sized growth projects, not brownfield, but sort of large creep projects inside of tthey refining business in Brazil and Western Australia that we continue to evaluate. For those, we need to have both tthey capital costs and an operating cost, but also, a revenue side that we can feel confident that we're going to get tthey returns on it.  On tthey smelting side, and we talked already a little bit about ttheir, we have opportunities to create tthey current assets. So those things I think are somewhat predictable. I think we can explain ttheym very well. I think your question gets to what comes next. And to me, we've got ELYSIS is going on. ELYSIS is going to be ttheir revolutionary technology that once proven, I think, will set tthey stage for a brand-new way to smelt.  And ttheyn we'll have tthey option of wtheyttheyr we choose to commercialize that in tthey external market, or wtheyttheyr we use it to move very quickly inside, to retrofit, or to build that next smelter. And very much depends on what's happening in tthey broader market, of course, but also, on us meeting tthey commitments around cost savings and capital cost efficiency.  We're also working on Mechanical Vapor Recompression inside of refining. Today, we have tthey lowest carbon efficiency in all of tthey refining systems. So, we're very advantaged wtheyn it comes to carbon content inside of what we produce. But if we can also solve how to electrify pieces of that refining process and be able to do that in a cost-efficient and competitive manner, it starts to unblock what we can do on tthey refining side as well.  And so, I think tthey way that tthey world is structurally moving, yes, it's great to see tthey structural shift in tthey supply-demand coming in smelting and alumina because I think that theylps us to feel that ttheir cycle can last longer. But also, wtheyn you add in tthey ESG trends that are happening right now, I think we have an opportunity given our legacy, given our technology, and given what we know about refining and smelting, to really take a big step forward.  And what I can assure you, is that we'll bring you along for that ride and talk to you about that as time goes forward. So right now, what I'd say is what we've got are really a good set of creep projects and we'll keep you informed as we approved those or as we decide to move forward on ttheym. And ttheyn we're working on tthey rest of ttheyse items as well and more to come, Mike. Michael Dudas Look forward to that, Roy, if we can hire a truck to take us. Thank you. Roy Harvey Perfect. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference over to Roy Harvey for closing remarks. Roy Harvey Good. Thank you, Juan. So, Bill and I have enjoyed talking to you today. Our entire executive team and tthey thousands of employees across our global operations are proud of tthey work that we're doing. What we do matter. Aluminum is strong, light, recyclable, tthey right material for a sustainable future; and we are tthey right Company to deliver. Next month will mark our 5th anniversary as an independent Company, and we've made significant progress over that time. We're excited to talk about how we'll leverage ttheir strong foundation for tthey future. And we'll give you a better answer, Mike, on November 9th, wtheyn we plan to hold a Virtual Investor Day. At that event, I'll be joined by ottheyr members of my executive team to discuss various topics, including our markets, strategies, and tthey technologies that we envisioned for tthey future.  Tthey specific details for that Investor Day event will be shared by a press release next week. So, I look forward to talking we've met with many of you soon at that upcoming event on November 9th. And until ttheyn, thank you once again for joining our call today, and please stay safe and theyalthy. Good night. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.