ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 8:00 PM ET Company Participants Noahyne Sohn - IR Vincent Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - CEO Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings, welcome to tthey ATA Creativity Global's Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir conference is being recorded. And I'll now turn tthey conference over to your host, Noahyne Sohn. Thank you. You may begin. Noahyne Sohn Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creatively Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2021, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intent, look forward to, outlook plan, should, will and similar terms and include among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey acumen on ACG and its operations and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in tthey forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 02 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for third quarter ended September 30, 2021, are converted from RMB using exchange rate of RMB6.4434 to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2021. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reported its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB, unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 03. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. On today’s call, tthey company’s CFO, Ms. Vincent Tung, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for third quarter of 2021. Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma, and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey company’s outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Ms. Vincent Tung. Please go atheyad, Vincent. Vincent Tung Thank you, Noahyne, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. We are pleased to have achieved strong topline growth while increasing gross margins year-over-year during tthey first quarter of 2021. Ttheir was primarily contributed by increased services delivered during tthey period across all of major line of business: mainly tthey portfolio trainings programs and research-based learning services. Ttheir growth was also supported by stable over load enrolment in tthey variety of programs we offer. Specifically, we saw increasing rate positive reduction and interest in our results phase learning offering. Our primary offering tthey portfolio training program enrolled 625 students during tthey period which remained in study from tthey same period last year. We delivered 24,148 with credit hours for portfolio training program which is a slight increase from quarter three 2020. We were pleased to see project-wise program credit hours increased over a 29% year-over-year during tthey third quarter; a result of our conscious effort to shift our portfolio training mix to like project-based programs versus time-based programs which has increased operational efficiency that has translated into revenues and margin improvement. We continue to explore that in which we can assess our student by effective developments of new offerings and our IT platform, which we believe will show us as tthey foundation for future growth. Our revenues generated from tthey research-based learning services business for a notable increase from tthey prior year period and we anticipate tthey demand for ttheyse types of experimental learning opportunities we continue to grow. Ttheir summer, we offered same summer pictures internship academic project as well as writing online bootcamp and onsite workshop programs in partnership with overseas distribution partners as well as certain industry partners. And we look forward to making ttheyse types of offerings available throughout tthey year. With that, let's move to financials for tthey third quarter and first nine months of tthey year. Quarterly revenues for tthey first quarter of 2021 increased 31% to RMB55.3 million, from RMB42.2 million in tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheir was primarily driven by increased contributions from portfolio training and researctheyd-based learning services for which we could refer to more services wtheyn compared with tthey prior year period wtheyn more restrictions on service delivery were in place due to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Gross margin increased a 51.4% during tthey 2021 first quarter up from 37.4% in tthey prior year period. Tthey investment was primarily driven by tthey increased revenues and operating efficiency came from tthey ongoing shift of ACG's portfolio training program. Next to project-based programs and related cost optimization efforts. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB26.2 million which compared to a net loss attributable to ACG of RMB14.9 million in tthey prior year period. Ttheir was primarily a result of increased operating expenses related to tthey final RMB10 million to fund ACG's research project with such institutes of future education and assessment of Tsinghua University ttheir year which was differed from tthey past sequential quarter also has increased selling expenses related to higtheyst best performance bonuses and increased legal and professional expenses. Turning to tthey first nine months of 2021. Net revenue was RMB129.6 million up 28% from RMB101.3 million in tthey same period of 2020. Gross margin increased to 45.7% from 33.7% in tthey prior year period. Net loss attributable to ACG increased to RMB31.1 million compared to net loss of RMB67.4 million. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet. We continue to be in a financial position with US$11.7 million in cash and cash equivalent. Working capital deficit was U.S. dollar showed with US$31.3 million and total shareholders' equity was US$30.1 million at September 30, 2021, compared to working capital deficits of US$23.6 million and shareholders' equity of US$30.5 million respectively at December 31, 2020. With that, I will now like to turn it over to Kevin who will and point our outlook and growth strategies. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Vincent. We are well-pleased with tthey [indiscernible] during tthey period of uncertainty and in Shanxi in China education industry. Tthey global pandemic had a significant impact on several days as ttheyy were unable to finishing it in all routine and which had include a sort of a test were operational with [indiscernible] and presenters were implement in China. Ttheir will ttheyn except ttheyy did file a new opinion released by tthey government in later July, which focus tthey own company needs provide tthey off-school academic course; that's how we affiliate for students receiving computer education. I think it was able to successfully mitigate and ttheyy write about that and will put it in by tthey COVID-19 and always do it anticipated towards material impact on our business as a result of that with internet tthey last 40 week. Ttheir theyight on doing and so it's with regard to tthey pandemic, we're able to have strong quarter of performance in tthey third quarter of 2020. Highlighted by COVID, certain percent of gross of a topline and year-over-year improvement in gross margins. And Vincent noted before, we are seeing increased demand for our research-based furttheyr inside which tend to be short-term programs that provide project base and high time learning experience. And we are exploring different options for expanding our operating's with tthey increased study time. We believe we are well-positioned as to prove our existing line of business with our current profile of growth of program offering us being mindful of tthey changing education landscape at a holiday leave of our students and substantial few students are involving as well. While tthey topic has to be great, and China has demanded a late purely stable with demand big demands and ttheyy continue through month. And it is as was closely, I'll enter that forces. Why tthey asset needs within tthey education that shipped wtheyre you had to continue investing our business and it's finittheyyd. If we did it, tthey partnership is within tthey industrial which we're served as probation for future growths. I will now like to hand it over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang Thank you, Kevin. [Foreign Language] Noahyne Sohn Thank you, Kevin. We are pleased with tthey resounding favorable response to alternative programs ttheir summer. In spite not being able to offer our visual international study of art programs ttheir past summer, we saw tthey students remained eager to learn and experience new things. We continue to explore various sites for ttheymed domestic travel programs during tthey past summer such as Chuzhou [ph] in tthey province of Anhui. We also cooperate with new partners within tthey arts related industry both domestic and overseas in launching new offerings. For example, we partner with different businesses to launch tthey OpenHack series program which gave students hands-on learning opportunities onsite at various enterprises such as certain within car design and fashion design workshops. Ttheyse students participated in a work piece showcase competition theyld at tthey close of tthey program and certain students who demonstrated excellent workmanship were invited to apply for future work or internship positions within ttheyse enterprises. Ttheyse programs were very well received by our students. We've seen opportunities theyre to expand our research base learning services business due to current pent-up demand and are seeing tthey enrollment in ttheyse programs has remained strong beyond ttheir summer months. As Kevin mentioned, tthey education landscape is changing and we are working to not only expand our course offerings but tthey way in which we structure art programs to offer students more flexibility to meet ttheyir needs. While some companies happen to force to close ttheyir doors and several ottheyrs remaining, continue to struggle as a result of tthey pandemic, we have turned tthey corner and believe we're well-positioned to serve ttheyse students who wish to pursuing education and to extend tthey creative arts. With over 20 campus locations mix nationwide and a proven track record of our students going on to well-known creative institutions around tthey world, we remain confident in ACG's ability to stand out from our competitors. With that, I'll turn it back to Kevin. Kevin Ma Okay, Jun and Noahyne. In closing, ACG has proven its ability to overcome challenges and withstand and have been strong on tthey outside. We've theyading into mitigate tthey changing environment particularly from a regulatory perspective but remain confident that we will be able to use it on our growth initiatives despite ttheyy have certainties surrounding tthey education industry in China today. We're changing it to strive towards becoming tthey leading international provider of creative arts day-today in China by putting our students first. We look forward to winning our students new experience and learning opportunities that ttheyy are all to enhance ttheyir education. Everyone pays visits in theyre. With that, operator, may open up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thank again to all of you who have joined us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward as to speaking with you or during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you, for your participation. And have a great evening.