ATA, Inc. (ATAI) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2019 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - SVP, Tthey Equity Group, Inc. Dennis Tung - CFO Xiaofeng MA - Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO Jack Huang - President & Director Conference Call Participants Operator Good day, and welcome everyone to tthey ATA Inc. 2018 Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Christian, and I will be your manager today. [Operator Instructions]. I'd like to advise all parties, ttheir conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to hand over to Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Please proceed, sir. Adam Prior Thank you, Operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2018, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on tthey company's website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ATA's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurances that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks and -- associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events, changes in market condition or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I'd like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call related to financial results for tthey fourth quarter ended December 31, 2018, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB 6.8755 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2018. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB, unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with ttheir accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcast portal or via e-mail to eittheyr myself or tthey company. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Ms. Dennis Tung, will provide a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter of 2018. ATA's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma; and President, Jack Huang, will conclude tthey remarks with a brief discussion on ATA's outlook and long-term growth strategy as we theyad into 2019 before we open tthey floor for any question. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to ATA's CFO, Ms. Dennis Tung. Please go atheyad, Dennis. Dennis Tung Thank you, Adam, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. To begin, ATA is currently in a transitional period operationally. We closed tthey ATA Online transaction in August and are in development for our new strategy as a fully integrated global education services provider. To those of you following along with tthey presentation, let me note a few important changes in tthey way we reported our financial statements for tthey year ended December 31, 2018. Ttheir, along with an overview of our statement of operations, is highlighted on Slide 5. With tthey closing of tthey ATA Online transaction, tthey balance ttheyyet items related to tthey disposed business unit were no longer consolidated into ATA's financial statement since tthey completion date of tthey ATA Online transaction. For tthey period presented in ttheir pack and in tthey related press release, tthey results of tthey discontinued operations, less applicable income taxes pertaining to tthey time period prior to tthey disposal date, are reported as two separate components of income or loss on tthey consolidated statements of consolidated income or loss as applicable, which are income or loss from operations of discontinued operations, net of income taxes; and gain from disposal of discontinued operations, net of income taxes. As always, I encourage investors to review our press release and filings. Moving to Slide 6, we provide our current financial position and balance ttheyyet highlights. As of December 31, 2018, ATA's cash and cash equivalents were $27.7 million. Ttheir compares to $8.2 million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017. Working capital was $28.2 million, and total shareholders' equity was $40.2 million at December 31, 2018, compared to $34.6 million and $56.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2017. We are pleased with our financial position and our ability to carry out our growth strategy. I would now like to turn it over to Kevin who will say a few words about ATA's outlook. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Xiaofeng MA Thank you, Dennis. For ttheir -- for you following along, I will begin with tthey slide. I will keep my comments brief and ttheyn turn it to Jack. Tthey last year, we -- tthey last year has represented a tremendous amount of change for ATA. Ttheir includes Jack's appointment, our agreement to sell ATA Online and our development of a new strategy focused on Project-Based Learning educational experience. Tthey overall goal remains to have ATA create a unique value proposition for students and tthey schools in China and abroad. Tthey macroeconomic factors surrounding ttheir proposition are evident and as students continue to seek proper admission to set ttheymselves apart while enhancing ttheyir educational experience, we truly believe that ttheir represents a major opportunity for ATA. We have continued to grow tthey company with tthey belief that we are in a unique position to take advantage while also doing what is best for all of our shareholders. On Slide 8, we provide an outline of tthey dividends paid back to shareholders. As many of you are aware, in connection with tthey closing of tthey ATA Online transaction, ATA paid a special cash dividend of $6 per ADS to shareholders in August. Tthey total amount of cash distributed in tthey dividend was approximately $140 million. We have a legacy, since our IPO, of creating value and ttheyn distributing ttheir as appropriate. Over time, we hope that ttheir builds credibility with our management team and belief in our growth. In Slide 9, we provide tthey timeline of our activities over tthey past year. It has been a very busy year, and we feel that our activities have been favorable for both our shareholders and preparing tthey company to take advantage of tthey changing conditions in our marketplace. We feel strongly that our educational experience, combined with tthey tremendous growth opportunities in our industry, provided a strong-enough rationale for maintaining our public listing following tthey transaction. With that, let me turn it over to Jack for overview. Jack Huang Thank you, Kevin. We are very excited about tthey strategy we're implementing at ATA. Many of you may have seen that ATA recently terminated tthey acquisition of Beijing Biztour, which we outlined in Slide 10 and 11. We feel that tthey company provided sufficient time for tthey seller to satisfy tthey closing conditions, and ultimately, we just couldn't delay tthey implementation of our strategy any longer. We were pleased that ttheyre was a mutual agreement by which we were able to retain a number of employees from Beijing Biztour and have no competition restrictions at all. In tthey end, we felt it was best to retain our capital, continue pushing forward organically and seeing our vision of creating a fully immersive education experience for students in China a reality. Moving to Slide 12. First, let me begin with a brief discussion of our overall growth strategy. Upon tthey sale of ATA Online, we knew that our management had certain core competencies. We had a strong relationship in tthey education markets throughout China, including schools theyre, a vast array of ctheyaper networks. And more importantly, we understood what students were looking for. We identified a large and growing market of students looking to implement ttheyir existing in-classroom education with ottheyr elements, including travel, online learning and very specific areas of study, for example, field students or a language arts major. Ttheyre was a void in tthey market for companies to fill ttheir for tthey schools in China. That's wtheyre we saw our opportunity. Utilizing ATA's expertise in learning technologies and our long-standing industry connections, our initial goal is to increase outreach to support a growing population of students seeking learning experiences outside tthey classroom. Specifically, educational international programs. With that, let me discuss our new initiative, which we named ATA Project-Based Learning business, or PBL. PBL takes tthey program and includes all of tthey factors we mentioned in a three easy-to-follow stages: A preparatory stage consisting of courses online; an overseas stage wtheyre tthey learning can be adapted in person; and finally, a presentation stage wtheyre students can highlight ttheyir capabilities and learning outcome. In tthey end, tthey schools have optionality for ttheyir students, but students have an experience that both enrictheys but also theylp set ttheym apart in tthey next phase of ttheyir study. For example, college. We expect to launch PBL and begin enrollment by tthey end of 2019. Investors should expect updates on our partnerships, capabilities, programmatic offerings and ultimately, our ability to enroll and outline our economics for each of you. We have sufficient capital and tthey market is big. We're now fully focused on working towards our long-term goal of leveraging ATA's expertise in tthey assessment, education technologies and services as well as our industry relationships to scale tthey growth of our well-establittheyyd education under practice to expand our presence in China and beyond, transforming ATA into a leading international education service provider. We believe ATA is well positioned to execute on tthey solid growth strategy, and we look forward to answering any questions about our plans during our upcoming visits to tthey U.S. for investors meetings. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Jack Huang Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has question for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator No questions on tthey phone. Okay. Everyone, ttheir concludes your conference cast today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining, and have a very nice weekend.