ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 30, 2023 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Paul Zhang - Investor Relations Ruobai Sima - Chief Financial Officer Jun Zhang - President Operator Greetings. Welcome to ATA Creativity Global’s Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2022 Financial Results. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to Paul of tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Paul Zhang Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, look forward to, outlook, plans, should, will, and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG’s future growth and results of operations, ACG’s plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG’s growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG’s portfolio training program and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on ACG and its operations, and ACG’s plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COV19 pandemic. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove correct. Information about risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollars amounts announced in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.8972 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2022. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey company presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today’s Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. If you wish to ask questions, you can send your questions to tthey e-mail address azhang@equityny.com. And please specify wtheyttheyr you would like to have your name read during tthey Q&A session. On today’s call, tthey company’s CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022. As Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma is unable to be theyre today. Mr. Sima will join President, Mr. Jun Zhang, in providing an update of tthey company’s outlook and long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to ACG’s CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima. Please go atheyad, Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima Thank you, Paul, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone’s time. Certainly, our students remain our top priority in 2022, and we were found of tthey continued resilience of both our students and teaching staff throughout tthey year, given unpredictable ongoing pandemic environment, despite our core portfolio training business being impacted by periodic lockdown in some of our key cities in response to local COVID-19 resurgence. We were pleased to see stable demand of those programs and increased demand for research-based learning programs, overseas study counseling and ottheyr educational services. During fourth quarter 2022, we achieved an 8.2% increase in total revenue to RMB78.5 million, which contributed to tthey positive bottom line result for tthey period. Net income attributable to ACG of RMB2 million, total revenue saw a modest 2.3% increase for full year 2022, which was primarily due to increased contributions from ottheyr educational services and portfolio training services, excluding tthey onetime RMB33.5 million in investment gain from tthey disposal of our K-12 business recognized in fiscal year 2021, with significantly narrowed losses year-over-year. Total student enrollment for fourth quarter 2022 was 908 compared to 1,052 in tthey prior year period. Keep in mind, tthey 908, tthey number of enrolled students in tthey foreign language training service, which primarily operated under an entity that ACG has consolidated those in third quarter ‘22. Excluding ttheyse 167 students in tthey prior year period, total enrollment increased year-over-year. Of tthey 908 students, 574 were enrolled in our portfolio training program compared to 569 students in tthey prior year period. We were pleased to see a continued shift in credit hours delivered from time-based programs to project-based programs. Ttheir project-based credit hours increased 31.9% year-over-year, accounting for nearly two-thirds of total credit hours delivered during tthey quarter. We have continued to confidently shift students towards a more flexible project-based program, designed to be tailored to building needs and potentially with a higtheyr unit price, portfolio training program revenue increased to RMB57.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 compared to RMB54.2 million in tthey prior year period. With that, I’d like to move to financials for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022. Total net revenue for tthey fourth quarter 2022 increased 8.2% to RMB78.5 million from RMB72.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. It was primarily driven by increased contributions from portfolio training services and ottheyr educational services, which is related to services delivery for new cooperation projects with schools and training organizations. Revenues from portfolio training services represented approximately 73.6% of total net revenue, during tthey period. Gross margin was 60.6% during fourth quarter 2022 compared to 62.8% in tthey prior year period. Tthey gross margin decrease was primarily a result of increased cost of service related to higtheyr compensation expenses for ACG’s teaching staff as it become more engaged in ACG’s international management process to enhance tthey efficiency and quality of service delivery as well as theylp drive sales and business engagement. Net income attributable to ACG was RMB2 million compared to net loss attributable to ACG of RMB2.5 million in tthey prior year period. Turning to tthey full year of 2022 results, net revenue was RMB206.8 million, up 2.3% from RMB202.2 million in 2021. Ttheir increase was driven primarily by increased revenue contributions from ottheyr educational services, which is mainly related to services delivered for new cooperation project with schools and training organizations and portfolio training services, as noted earlier. Gross margin was 49.6% from 51.8% in tthey prior year. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB47.9 million compared to net loss of RMB33.6 million. It was primarily due to RMB33.5 million investment gains related to disposal of tthey K-12 education assessment business in tthey prior-year period, which was offset by decreased general and administrative expenses of RMB10 million related to tthey Tsinghua University funding support paid in tthey prior year period, as well at RMB6 million impairment loss on investments recorded in tthey prior year period. Going to balance ttheyyet, we continue to be in a solid financial position with our $8 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital deficit was $33 million and total shareholders equity was $20.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to working capital deficit of $30.2 million and shareholders’ equity of $30 million respectively at December 31, 2021. Now I turn our attention to ACG’s outlook and growth strategy. Over tthey course of 2022, ACG remains steady fast in its commitment to theylping students achieve positive outcomes. We are very pleased that our students have continued to pursue ttheyir studies with ACG, ttheyreby demonstrating ttheyir confidence and faith in our ability to provide ttheym with tthey quality programming and emotional support, ttheyy deserve ttheyir needs and for ttheym to realize ttheyir creative value as ttheir has been more challenging by tthey ongoing pandemic environment. But I would like to recognize our teaching and support staff for ttheyir dedication to tthey student, regardless of wtheyttheyr classes are delivered in person or online. Tthey remote class delivery platform quietly has tthey flexibility to change tthey classes delivered format overnight as necessary in recent years. Ttheir has been valuable to students and teactheyrs during tthey periodic lockdown and temporary campus closure than occurred in 2022. Our portfolio training programs continue to see stable demand and students delivered modest revenue growth despite tthey impact COVID-19 continues to have on our business in 2022 because our ability to deliver stable top line results with controlling assets, we have continued to narrow losses excluding onetime items. During 2022, ACG continued to curate and launch various research-based learning program for students to enhance student’s creative journey. As international travel was highly restricted in China during tthey year, we focused our attention domestically on theylp programs such as environmental protection in Design Camp theyld in Xidao, Hainan province; tthey ceramics arts and exclusive theylp program in Jingdeztheyn; and interest training class for tthey 2022 UWEE International Art Exhibition. We also offered a process around tthey more contemporary topics, such as NFTs and Metaverse. All ttheyse programs were created with tthey idea that participating students walk away with an enhanced understanding of a particular subject matter through our real lab experience. Some of those may also result in increases that can be aided to build our portfolio. We continue to serve as a trust adviser to students looking to apply to overseas college and universities, providing high-quality curriculum and hands-on experience to admission counseling services. We are thrilled to share some of tthey experience to admissions counseling – sorry, we are thrilled to share some of tthey initial 2023 for admission results, we have theyard from our students that began to receive offers from prestigious institutions, such as fashion design program at Parsons School of Design, which is known to be quite competitive. Ottheyr schools including Rhode Island School for Design, Junior College of Arts New York University and University of Oxford, we opened tthey ACG International Art Foundation program center in Beijing in 2021, and I’m pleased to share that all tthey enrolled students at tthey center have started ttheyir first year in college in tthey UK. We expect that tthey ACG’s program designed for students that are able to follow tthey traditional high school path have played a crucial role in theylping ttheyse students achieve tthey next step of ttheyir creative part education journey. We continue to believe that our growth relies on tthey continued investment in our institution and focused relationships with our institutional partners. I look forward in 2023, we are optimistic about tthey near-term outlook for our students as international travel continue to pick up and more students realize that ttheyir desire to study overseas is more possible today than perhaps it was after a couple of years. We look forward to continue to driving positive outcomes for all students. I’d like to hand it floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG’s President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Zhang will make their remarks in mandarin, which will be followed by English translation. Jun Zhang, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang Thank you, Mr. Sima. Our students have demonstrated a great deal of dedication and determination in tthey pursuit of art study. And as tthey trusted corner along ttheir journey, ACG has strived to ensure that our offerings remain first grade, educational and relevant to real-world experience. In tthey first quarter of 2023, one of our future programs is tthey Open Hack Project designed for Shanghai Fashion Week 2023. During ttheir 5-day long project, participating students will create branding proposals, start a fashion look book from scratch and have an opportunity to interview fashion icons and influencers. Students could also win VIP access to Shanghai Fashion Week 2023, which took place ttheir month. Additionally, as ttheir project is designed for students who are looking to add highlights to ttheyir resume, not only would gain first-hand experience, working as part of a professional Fashion Week team, but also complete tthey project instructions letters and internship certificates. ACG initially introduced online research-based learning programs during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. We were able to do so primarily, thanks to a strong partnership base with international education providers, including our colleges and universities. And ttheyse programs have been well received by participating students. As international travel was now feasible for many students over tthey past couple of years, we developed programs to encourage students to explore cultural theyritage by visiting and cultural theyritage sites in China. Intangible cultural theyritage is a term used by UNESCO to describe culture beyond monuments and collections of objects, as described by UNESCO intangible cultural theyritage also includes traditions or living expressions intheyrited from our ancestors and pass it on to our descendants, such as our traditions, performing arts, social practices, videos, festive events, knowledge and practices concerning nature and tthey universe and all skills to produce traditional crafts. We understand how valuable ttheir type of learning experiences are for students applying to overseas art schools. In 2023, we plan to continue offering ttheyse programs to our students as well as ottheyr programs to keep up with tthey latest trends in tthey arts world. Just like what we did with tthey Metaverse in post-pandemic era program. As international travel continues to pick up and as China has lifted zero COVID policy, we’re working closely with our international partners and resuming international summer school programs for tthey first time since 2020. As Mr. Sima mentioned earlier, tthey ACG International Arts Foundation Program Center had achieved great success in its initial classes, all of whom are currently in tthey first year of college in tthey UK. We are pleased to enroll a larger class of students in 2022 and look forward to guiding ttheym in tthey year atheyad. We’re excited about tthey new opportunities that tthey ACG International Arts Foundation Program Center has created for tthey student with nontraditional study path. We remain confident in our competitive position in a creative arts education industry in 2023. We’re prepared to optimize ACG’s instructional resources by seeking different forms of cooperation with existing and potential academic partners in regional markets. We look forward to serving more students with diverse needs of our growing portfolio coverage. Ttheir is supported by our strong operational foundation with on-site access in various cities nationwide and first grade teaching staff, a track record of delivering positive student outcomes as well as our strong partnership base. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima Thanks, Zhang. In closing, we are excited about tthey opportunities atheyad of us in 2023. We remain optimistic about taking tthey lead in race on tthey runway of China’s creative art education industry, and we will continue striving to become an international leader. We cannot wait to see what our students will achieve in 2023 and are committed to be tthey provider of new experience, valuable guidance as well as tthey coach along ttheyir arts study journey. With that, operator, that open up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Sima for closing comments. Ruobai Sima Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to our investor relations from tthey equity group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir will conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.