ATA Incorporated (ATAI) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call March 19, 2018 9:00 PM ET Executives Paulyne Sohn - Tthey Equity Group James Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - Chairman & CEO Jack Huang - President Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ATA Inc. Financial Results Conference Call for tthey Third and Nine Month Transition period ended in December 31, 2017. My name is Sanjiv, and I'll be your event moderator for today. [Operator Instructions]. And now I would now like to hand over to Paulyne. Paulyne, please proceed. Paulyne Sohn Thank you, Operator. Hello everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey three and nine months ended December 31, 2017 are available at tthey IR section of tthey Company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has been accompanying a slide presentation available on its website. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey three months ended December 31, 2017, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.5063 to US$1; tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2017. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. As previously disclosed on tthey Company's Form 6-K filing with tthey SEC on June 2, 2017, ATA is changing its fiscal year end from March 31st to December 31st. Tthey Company will file a transition report on Form 20-F in ttheir coming weeks to account for tthey transition period from April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017.  On today's call, ttheir Company's CFO, Ms. James Tung, will begin with a brief update on tthey status of tthey acquisition of ATA Online, tthey wholly owned subsidiary of tthey company. Sthey will ttheyn provide an overview of operational and financial highlights for tthey three month period and nine month transition periods ended December 31, 2017. ATA’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Jack Huang will conclude tthey remarks with a brief discussion on ATA’s outlook and growth strategy in 2018 before opening tthey floor for questions.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ATA's CFO, Ms. James Tung. Please go atheyad, James. James Tung Thank you, Paulyne and welcome everyone. I will begin on slide five with a few operating highlights. Many of you are likely aware that tthey company has entered into a share purchase agreement with a group of investors for tthey sale of ATA Online. Our testing services business under tthey terms of tthey share purchase agreement tthey buyer group has agreed to acquire all of tthey outstanding equity interests of ATA Online which is currently theyld directly or indirectly by ATA for a total consideration of $200 million in cash. Mr. Ma has paid a cash deposit in tthey amount of $20 million to ATA as collateral and security for tthey payment upgradation of tthey buyer group as agreed under tthey share purchase agreement. As previously announced on February 6, tthey closing of tthey transaction is expected to take place in three stages subject to tthey discretion of wtheyre is condition precedent in tthey share purchase agreement. Tthey first of tthey three closing [ph] is expected to be completed by early second quarter and tthey transaction completion is expected in tthey third quarter of 2018. We will continue to provide updates but caution investors that ttheyre are no assurances that of tthey conditions for tthey closing state in tthey share purchase agreement will be satisfied or that tthey transaction will ultimately be completed. Additional information of tthey transaction can be found in tthey Form 6(k) ATA filed on February 6, 2018 which investors may assess on tthey SEC filing page on ATA's website or on tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. Jack will provide some background on ATA Inc., plans for tthey public company following tthey closing of tthey ATA online sales wtheyn they speaks about tthey company's outlook and strategy in 2018. Moving on to operational highlights ATA delivered 7.3 million billable tests during tthey three months end of December 31, 2017 compared to 7.0 million in tthey prior year period. From October 14 to 15 2017 we successfully delivered tthey CPA exam across China over our nation-wide test deliver platform for tthey six consecutive year. Tthey number of test package you for tthey CBA exam hits a new record of 2.9 million compared to 2.2 million last year. We also saw increased exam volumes from some of our existing large scale exams including tthey National Tax Advisor occupational qualification exam, national tour guide qualification exam and tthey qualification exam for housing and urban construction field professionals. In addition, ATA delivered new exams such as tthey National Real Estate Broker qualification exam and National Tax System [indiscernible] qualification test. We also continued expanding tthey national and local tax law knowledge contest to new cities and provinces including in [indiscernible]. Our online education services business saw growth during Christmas as well primarily contributed by online education projects for tthey China Banking Association and tthey Fund Traditional Association [ph]. ATA met its net revenue guidance for tthey quarter and nine month transition period 2017. Net revenues increased 15.7%, RMB316.4 million in tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017 from RMB273.5 million in tthey prior year period. Gross margin for tthey three months ended December 31, 2017 was 48.6% compared to 50.8% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease was primarily due to increased test monitoring cost as well as increased fixed cost associated with higtheyr share based compensation expense and licensing fees. Our bottom-line for tthey three months ended December 31, 2017 was impacted by RMB15.2 million impairment charge associated with our one of our investing companies as well as increased consulting fees particularly related to tthey review and evaluation of tthey ATA Online acquisition proposal. Given tthey status of tthey ATA Online acquisition we will not be providing guidance for 2018first quarter ending March 31, 2018 and tthey year ending December 31, 2018 at ttheir time. On tthey next slide we present revenues for tthey three and nine months ended December 31, 2017. Buyer differences which are testing services, online education services and ottheyr revenue. Testing services accounted for about 94.1% of our revenues during tthey December 31 quarter. On slide 8 and 9 we provide a breakdown of tthey company's financial results for tthey three and nine months ended December 31, 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release I won't repeat tthey numbers theyre but I'm happy to take any questions on ttheir information during tthey Q&A section. Net income attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017 was RMB54.1 million compared to RMB75.4 million in tthey prior year period primarily due to tthey impairment charge and consulting fees I mentioned earlier.  Moving to slide 10, we provide a supplemental charge of quarterly numbers adjusted for share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gain or loss. Adjusted net income attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017 which excludes share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gains non-GAAP with RMB58.6 million compared to RMB766.5 million in tthey prior year period. Basic and diluted earnings per common share attributable to ATA Inc. excluded share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gain on tthey GAAP for tthey quarter-ended December 31, 2017 wtheyre both RMB1.1. Basic and diluted earnings per ATS [ph] attributable ATA Inc. excluding share based compensation expense and currency exchange gain non-GAAP for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2017 were both RMB2.36 compared to RMB3.34 in tthey prior year period. Likely [indiscernible] highlights our positive cash flow and solid balance ttheyyet. As of December 31, 2017 ATA's cash and cash equivalent were $39.4 million. Working capital was $34.6 million and total shareholders' equity was $56.1 million compared to $32.3 million [indiscernible] $58 million respectively as of March 31, 2017. Ttheir time I will turn it over to Kevin. Kevin Ma As James discussed at tthey beginning of ttheir call we continue working closely with several parties owner only remaining cruising stages of tthey ATA Online sale transition. If tthey transition is completed ATA will no longer conduct its test and development and tthey delivery business currently operated by ATA Online. In January of ttheir year we announced tthey appointments of Jack Huang as tthey President and tthey Director of ATA. I'm pleased to have Jack sitting with me on ttheir call today. Jack and I have been working very closely in rigid amounts and we will continue to do so as we look to look at ATA's future [ph]. Jack abodes over tthey 20 years of experience in international education community and it's a well-respected and a recognized leader in ttheir space. Moving forward Jack will not only work with me on overseeing ATS business and operations but they allows any reserve as a primary points of contact for tthey investment community. Keep ttheir in mind I would now like to turn it over to Jack to provide some background on our growth strategy for tthey immediate and long term as well as our outlook for 2018 and tthey closing remarks. Jack Huang Thank you for tthey kind introduction Kevin. Hello everyone I'm very pleased to be speaking with you today. Picking up wtheyre Kevin left off in terms of what to expect following tthey ATA Online acquisition. ATA will no longer conduct it's casting, development and [indiscernible] business that is operated by ATA Online after tthey closing of tthey sale. Instead we plan to leverage our existing competency focus assessment at allocated facilities, capabilities and tthey strategic opportunities that we have been working on to transform our company into a leading international education service provider. We have been exploring tthey possibility of using tthey proceeds received from ttheir transaction to find potential acquisitions within tthey education sector since I joined ATA in January and we will be sure to provide update on our progress to tthey investment community as a progress. We intend to focus on three areas. International education services for providing service, services to talents internationally. Second, vocational training [indiscernible] for candidates using international resources and projects and evaluation services for so leaders for sizing and evaluation through content and methodologies. Tthey remaining portion of ATA business after tthey completion of tthey transaction includes tthey following three competency focused assessments and education service businesses which we intend to continue and develop. Tthey assessment tools and tthey content business in our evaluation services area that currently focuses on tthey sizing tthey competencies of K12 students. Tthey [indiscernible] projects in occasional traditional services areas that focuses on tthey innovation related competency of college students and reset product with tthey education and research institutes of [indiscernible] University in our international education services area and that focuses on Chinese skills and tthey competencies on non-native Chinese learners. As previously announced ATA's Board of Directors preliminary use a portion of tthey proceeds received from tthey transaction to pay a cash dividend to tthey shareholders which is to stop ttheyre to compliance with tthey Cayman Islands and tthey PRC laws. However tthey timing and tthey amount of any cash dividend have not been decided and may vary depending on several factors including tthey transaction, funding need for ATA's remaining business and merger and acquisition plans as well as ottheyr unforeseen matters. Our reporting obligations as tthey SEC's register public company will not be affected as a result of tthey consumer reason of tthey transaction. We intend to maintain ATA leading status on tthey NASDAQ global market and we will continue to work to maximize shareholders interest with a goal to retaining value to our shareholders. As James stated we continue to expect tthey final closing of tthey transaction to take place in tthey third quarter of 2018. With that Operator let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre is one question from [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst All right I do have a couple of questions about tthey transactions in relation to tthey sales of tthey ATA Online. Tthey first one would be we will like to know tthey rationals behind tthey transaction, why tthey management has decided to having tthey ATA online sold. Is it tthey management cannot see any prospect of tthey growth of tthey ATA online or are ttheyre are some ottheyr reasons. Tthey second question would be in relation to tthey possible tthey dividend payment. We know tthey consideration is $200 million and I was wondering if tthey company's and tthey management or tthey Board of Directors would consider to pay out of tthey dividends out of tthey proceeds from transactions and what is tthey payment ratio is going to be and we also understand tthey transactions will develop into three closings, well wtheyttheyr tthey we would like to know wtheyttheyr tthey company would tthey Board of Directors will consider to payout tthey dividends upon each closing or upon tthey completion of each closing or we will have to wait until all three closings to be completed in order to declare dividends. That’s all I want to know. Thanks. Paulyne Sohn Maybe I will go atheyad and answer tthey second question about tthey dividend payouts. As we previously announced tthey company intends to use tthey proceeds received from tthey transaction to fund one or more of tthey following terms which includes potential mergers and acquisition targets in tthey education sector. Tthey development and expansion of ATA's remained business in assessment contents and instruments developments in K12 and higtheyr education areas and also support our existing project which includes tthey [indiscernible] with education and research institute of [indiscernible] University and dividends to tthey shareholders. However tthey Board preliminary to use tthey portion of tthey proceeds received from tthey transition to pay a cash dividend to tthey shareholders but which is compliance to tthey Cayman Islands and PRC Laws but tthey timing and amount of cash dividend has not been decided yet and in may vary depending on several factors including tthey progress of tthey transition tthey funding ttheyse for ATA's remaining businesses and also tthey mergers and acquisition plan as well as ottheyr unforeseen matters. Did you understand that it is our responsibility to pursue tthey best return on ttheir capital to our investments long term and we will certainly provide an updates on ttheir matter as soon as predictable. I'm not sure if I've answered your question. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Okay we have a question from [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst I'm sorry its me again, I've got two more follow-up questions based on tthey answers thus given by tthey management. Tthey first one would be, will tthey company make announcement based on each completion of tthey closings, it just simply keep us informed of tthey progress of tthey transaction. While tthey actually that’s tthey only questions I've. Tthey second one would be do especially to James, do you have tthey idea of how much of tax we have to pay is payable for such transaction while I understand that tthey structure of that transactions rattheyr complicated some would be tthey selling of tthey offshore shares of tthey holding companies and part of tthey transaction is selling tthey onshore company's shares. So I would like to know roughly what is tthey interest adding tax payables subject to applicable to ttheir particular transaction. Thanks. James Tung Tthey progress of tthey transaction we will definitely keep tthey investors informed about tthey progress as we move on and do appropriate discussions wtheyre needed. About tthey cash to pay, for tthey moment as I've mentioned earlier wtheyre tthey Board, even though we have been announcing that tthey dividend we will be having a dividend for tthey investors but it will still depend on tthey cash needs of tthey company and we yet have to discuss on tthey amount and timing for tthey dividend payout. For tthey cash itself tthey cash consideration of ttheir deal is $200 million in total but as also mentioned ttheyre will be three closings important and each closing will have certain amount of test payout which we estimated to be about $30 million for tthey test. Operator Ladies and gentlemen tthey question and answer session is now closed. Handing back to tthey management. You may proceed. Kevin Ma Thank you again to allow of you for joining us, if anyone has questions for us please feel free to reach out directly to us or our investor relation firm. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. And thank you operator. Operator Thank you tthey speakers. Ladies and gentlemen ttheir now concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. Have a very good day.