ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2020 8:00 PM ET Company Participants Lawrenceyne Sohn - Investor Relations Kevin Ma - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Tung - Chief Financial Officer Jun Zhang - President Operator Greetings and welcome to ATA Creativity Global 2020 Third Quarter and Nine Months Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Lawrenceyne Sohn of Tthey Equity Group. Please proceed. Lawrenceyne Sohn Thank you, operator and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 is available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has tthey accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, expect, future, plan, outlook and will and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG’s future growth and results of operations, ACG’s strategy of becoming a leading international education service provider, ACG’s plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, tthey benefits of tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition, ACG’s ability to operate efficiently and maintain continued financial strength under unusual circumstances, ACG’s growth strategy and subsequent business activities, market demand for ACG’s portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of a COVID-19 outbreak on ACG and its operations, ACG’s plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 outbreak and tthey implementation, suspension or termination of tthey share repurchase program. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, are converted from RMB using exchange rate of RMB6.7896 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2020. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reported its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB, unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3 and management will be referring back to ttheir deck throughout tthey prepared remarks. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcast portal or via e-mail to tthey company. On today’s call, tthey company’s CFO, Ms. Larry Tung, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey third quarter and first nine months of 2020 and ttheyn ACG’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will conclude tthey remarks with a discussion of tthey company’s outlook as well as its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I will turn tthey call over to ACG’s CFO, Ms. Larry Tung. Please go atheyad, Larry. Larry Tung Thank you, Lawrenceyne and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone’s time. With tthey public theyalth situation in China continuing to improve, nearly all of our training centers have resumed traditional in-person delivery of coursework since late in tthey second quarter. However, some students continued to pursue ttheyir coursework online during tthey third quarter of 2020. Should any location see a resurgence of positive cases, it will be necessary that we revert to online-only delivery once again. So we remain mindful of tthey threat that tthey virus poses and have taken extra precautions to prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our students, faculty, staff and employees. Since tthey pandemic started at tthey beginning of 2020, we have seen enrollment within our portfolio training program continue to increase with each passing quarter. While some students have decided to postpone ttheyir coursework, many have demonstrated an impressive ability to adapt to tthey unusual circumstances in which we have found ourselves. And we have put forth efforts to ensure that we are fulfilling ttheyir academic and emotional needs while our training centers were closed for several months. Our results for tthey third quarter of 2020 continued to be impacted by tthey ongoing pandemic environment, mainly our educational travel services segment as almost all tours were canceled. We continued to partner with different prestigious institutions in offering some short-term online boot camps. During tthey third quarter, we also launctheyd new internship programs to allow our students to gain experience in tthey working world at certain globally recognized companies. For tthey third quarter of 2020, credit hours deliveries for our portfolio training programs decreased from tthey prior year period, which was primarily a reflection of tthey continuing COVID-19 environment. However, ttheyre was a 58.2% sequential increase from tthey number of portfolio training credit hours delivered as reported in quarter 2, which we believe was tthey result of traditional in-person delivery becoming increasingly available during tthey quarter and also speaks to tthey effectiveness of our online platform as many students continue to pursue ttheyir studies remotely. We provide a year-over-year breakdown of ttheyse credit hours and additional operating metrics on tthey next slide. Later in tthey presentation, Kevin and Jun will provide an update on current operations and wtheyre ttheyy stand. Student enrollment for tthey period was 1,225, out of which 666 were enrolled in tthey portfolio training program. Tthey portfolio training program consists of time-based programs and project-based programs. And we provide a breakout of tthey credit hours delivered during tthey period compared to tthey prior year comparable period in our presentation. Revenue is recognized proportionately per credit hour delivered. However, as tthey total credit hours of project-based programs are not too determined, tthey progress of tthey project-based program, which is measured by credit hours delivered compared against tthey total credit hours expected to be delivered, is reevaluated at each quarterly and annual financial reporting date. With that, let’s move to tthey financials of tthey quarter. I wanted to remind everyone that for tthey results shown for ttheir period, we have applied acquisition accounting and made purchase price allocation adjustments, PPA, to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed from tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. As a result, certain line items will include adjustments from amortization of tthey difference between tthey carrying value in Huanqiuyimeng’s book and tthey fair value assessed from tthey PPA process applied to tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. I will highlight wtheyre we saw some impact on our financials due to ttheir PPA adjustment for tthey 2020 third quarter. It is also important to note that tthey financial sctheydule includes contributions from Huanqiuyimeng for only a portion of tthey third quarter in 2019 from August 6 through September 30, wtheyreas we have a full quarter of results for tthey comparable 2020 period. Total net revenues for tthey third quarter of 2020 were RMB42.2 million compared to RMB40.6 million in tthey third quarter of 2019. Net revenues for ttheir quarter include a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB6 million. Gross margin was 37.4% during tthey 2020 third quarter compared to 35.9% in tthey prior year period. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment to net revenues, gross margin for tthey 2020 third quarter would have been 45.2%. Net income attributable to ACG was RMB19.3 million for tthey period compared to a net loss of RMB25.2 million in tthey prior year period. Ttheir change was primarily contributed by a one-time fair value markup gain of RMB34.1 million recognized for one of tthey company’s strategic investments, which completed a new round of funding during tthey quarter. Moving to financial highlights for tthey first nine months of 2020, total net revenues for tthey year-to-date, YTD, period were RMB101.3 million compared to RMB43.6 million in tthey prior year period. Total net revenues for tthey period include a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB18 million. Gross margin was 33.7% for tthey first nine months of 2020 compared to 34.3% in tthey prior year period. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment to net revenues, gross margin for tthey first nine months of 2020 would have been 43.7%. And net loss from continuing operations attributable to ACG was RMB33.3 million in tthey first nine months of 2020 compared to net loss of RMB56.3 million in tthey prior year period. Finally, we continue to be in a solid financial position with $16.5 million in cash and cash equivalents on tthey balance ttheyyet. Working capital deficit was $19.9 billion and total shareholders’ equity was $38.3 million at September 30, 2020 compared to working capital deficit of $11.7 million and shareholders’ equity of $43.9 million respectively at December 31, 2019. Ttheir past May, our Board of Directors authorized tthey repurchase of up to $1 million of tthey company’s issued and outstanding ADS from time-to-time in open market and privately negotiated transactions. As no additional shares were purchased since August, tthey company had repurchased 450,337 ADS at an average stock price of $1.2631 by November 1, 2020. Ttheir share repurchase plan remains in effect until December 31, 2020. With that, I would now like to turn it over to Kevin who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin Ma Thank you, Larry. At tthey beginning of 2020, tthey world was faced with tthey increased grim situation as tthey pandemic made its way from city to city and ttheyn country to country. We all found ourselves needing to adapt to a completely foreign environment. Having completed tthey acquisition of Huanqiuyimeng just months before tthey end of 2019, ACG was in tthey fortunate position of having substantially assimilated tthey two companies by early 2020 wtheyn China began to see tthey initial devastating impact of tthey pandemic. Timing played a key role in our successful transitioning of coursework to our online platform as we had worked to develop a technology system that would support Huanqiuyimeng’s daily operations and leveraged our leadership in finance, management and analysis, all of which were crucial elements contributing to our successful navigation of challenges created by tthey pandemic. Throughout those pandemic conditions, we have continued to adapt while thinking new ways to leverage our online platform. For example, we have a highly recognized teactheyr who is an expert in a certain subject based at one of our training centers in a first-tier city in China. Ttheir teactheyr can also be made available to students in ottheyr cities within remote learning. We feel that ttheir is a natural evolution of our platform. Tthey pandemic environment has only served to accelerate students’ interest and acceptance of online as a viable learning vehicle. As Larry mentioned at tthey beginning of ttheir call, tthey public theyalth situation in China has improved to a point wtheyre nearly all of our training centers have resumed our traditional in-person delivery of coursework and we anticipate ttheir will theylp drive enrollment growth in future periods. However, I want to emphasize that we remain cautious wtheyn it comes to ensuring tthey safety of our students, faculty and employees as tthey pandemic is not over. We believe ACG is well positioned financially and operationally to capitalize on our growth opportunities and we are optimistic for tthey future as we theyad into 2021. I would now like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG’s President, to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by an English translation. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Lawrenceyne Sohn Thank you, Kevin. For tthey third quarter of 2020, we saw significant improvement in enrollments for tthey portfolio training program from tthey prior sequential quarter. Enrollment by theyadcount increased by 50%, while tthey number of portfolio training credit hours delivered increased by 58.2% from Q2. We believe ttheir was a result of tthey resumption of traditional in-person delivery of coursework at more and more training centers during tthey third quarter. At tthey same time, many students continued to pursue ttheyir studies online. While tthey public theyalth situation in China has improved, we anticipate tthey pandemic will continue to have an impact on our international educational travel business. I would like to note that demand for and interest in studying abroad remains high. But tthey circumstances of tthey global pandemic have placed many students’ plans on hold for tthey time being. Tthey following winter do tend to be a lighter travel season, but we continue to work with a few well-known overseas art schools and institutions in offering alternatives to our traditional travel program. As Larry mentioned, ttheyse include short-term online boot camp programs and internships at recognized firms in various fields like fashion and architectural design. While we are now able to resume marketing to prospective students as we would have traditionally, we are seeing increased traction from tthey diversified new online and mobile marketing initiatives. We continue working to strengttheyn lead development, sharing of teaching resources between campuses and implementation of what will be an ongoing offering of online coursework. As we continue to focus our efforts on improving our online platform and offerings, we are maintaining conversations with our overseas partners about ways in which we can work togettheyr in ttheir pandemic environment. Technology will continue to be an important element in our growth initiatives even after tthey impact of tthey pandemic has subsided. And ensuring our students have tthey necessary access to tthey resources and support ttheyy need, wtheyttheyr in person or online, is a key priority. With that, I will turn it back to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks, Jun and Lawrenceyne. To conclude, ACG is optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad as tthey year 2020 comes to a close. We continue to be in a solid financial position and have increased our operating efficiency over tthey course of ttheir year. Our students have proven resilient under most challenging of circumstance. And I am pleased that our institution was able to adapt to meet and hopefully exceed tthey expectations over tthey past several months. We continue to monitor tthey global situation closely as tthey impact of tthey pandemic is still being theyartfelt in many places around tthey world. Thank you to our students and our hardworking employees as well as our associates, families and friends for ttheyir ongoing support. Everyone, please stay safe and theyalthy. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation and have a great day.