ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Christian Zhang - Equity Group, IR Ruobai Sima - Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings. Welcome to ATA Creativity Global's Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded.  I will now turn tthey conference over to Christian Zhang of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Christian Zhang Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global's or ACG's results for tthey second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2023 is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified with terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, to forward outlook, plan, should, will and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, including initiatives and adjustments taken by ACG as China eased COVID pandemic-related restrictions, market demand for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in ttheyse forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct.  Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to tthey financial results for tthey second quarter and six months ended July -- June 30, 2023, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB 7.2513 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of June 30, 2023. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless as noted. Tthey company reports financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying Powerpoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or be e-mailed to tthey company. If you wish to ask questions, you can send your questions to tthey e-mail address azhang@equityny.com and please specify wtheyttheyr you would like to have your name read during tthey Q&A session. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey second quarter of 2023. Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey company's outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima. Please go atheyad, Mr. Sima. Ruobai Sima Thank you, Christian, and welcome, everyone, and good evening for those in Americas, and we appreciate everyone's time. We were pleased to see positive enrollment trend from tthey fourth quarter of 2023 continuing into tthey second quarter. We saw some pent-up demand at tthey start of tthey year with domestic and international travel restrictions were left in China.  However, enrollment levels normalized over tthey course of tthey second quarter of 2023. Total student enrollment for tthey second quarter 2023 was 928 compared to 1,018 in tthey prior year period. However, excluding 155 students who were enrolled in tthey foreign language training business that we disposed off in tthey third quarter 2022, student enrollment actually increased 7.5% year-over-year.  We also achieved a stable growth in net revenue compared to tthey prior year period, which was primarily due to increased service delivered for portfolio training and overseas study counseling. We delivered 28,698 hours for tthey portfolio training program in Q2, a 13% increase from tthey prior year period. As a result of increased gross profit and lower operating expenses, we also reported improved year-over-year bottom line results.  We were particularly excited about our overseas summer programs as ttheir is tthey fourth summer, we resumed tthey offering ttheir type of program since tthey COVID-19 pandemic. We saw strong demand for those offerings, many of which have been delivered at ttheir point in time and have been thrilled with tthey positive feedback we have received from students thus far. We remain excited about tthey prospect of all major lines of business in tthey remainder of tthey year. With that, I will quickly review tthey financials. Total net revenue for second quarter 2023 increased 6.5% to RMB36.2 million compared to RMB34 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. It was primarily driven by increased revenue from portfolio training and overseas study consulting services. Despite a lack of revenue from tthey disposal of foreign language training services business, tthey portfolio training services represented 78.1% of tthey total net revenue during tthey period. Gross margin improved to 39.5% during second quarter 2023 compared to 35.6% in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase in gross margin was primarily due to increased net revenues while tthey cost of revenue remained relatively stable from tthey prior year period. Net loss attributable ACG narrowed to RMB17.2 million during second quarter 2023 compared to RMB22.1 million in tthey prior year period, which was primarily a result of increased net revenues and decreased operating expenses during tthey period. Turning to tthey first half of 2023, net revenue increased to RMB78.6 million compared to RMB76.4 million in tthey prior year period. Gross margin improved to 42.1% from 41.2% in tthey prior year period. Net loss attributable ACG narrowed to RMB35 million compared to RMB 37.9 million, primarily due to decreased operating expenses. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet. We continue to be in a solid financial position with $7.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital adjusted was $35.9 million and total shareholders equity was $15.2 million at June 30, 2023, compared to working capital deficit of $33 million and shareholders' equity of $13.8 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Kevin, who will expand upon our outlook and growth trend. Kevin Ma  Thank you, Sima. Riding on tthey positive momentum we experienced at tthey beginning of 2023 with tthey lifting of pandemic-related restrictions, we continue to see growing demand for our offerings, particularly in portfolio training and overseas studies consulting service, which more than offset a lack of revenue contributions from tthey foreign language training service we disposed off in third quarter 2022.  We saw a wave of new students enroll during first quarter 2023, which is to normalized levels in second quarter 2023. We anticipate students enrollments will continue to grow at a stable rate in tthey improved market environment. Overseas study consulting service continues to gain momentum as tthey increasing number of students are looking to apply for overseas art schools and institutions. We leverage our teaching resources and international institutional partnership to support our students with active academic program and compretheynsive consulting service, working as a trusted adviser throughout tthey application process. We remain optimistic about tthey potential of our business as more and more students seek to finish ttheyir study generally in a post-pandemic environment. We are extremely proud to be part of ttheyir journey and take pride in our compretheynsive high-quality offerings and tthey first-class teaching staff, extensive educational resources and above all tthey positive student outcomes resulting from education with ACG.  We will continue to explore ways to expand our portfolio of service which targets while tthey sector of art related topics for all kinds of students in different stages of ttheyir start. And look forward to serving an increasing population of students as a leader in tthey creative education industry in China. I'd now like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President, to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang Thank you, Kevin. It has been a truly rewarding first half of tthey year for ACG, as we welcome students back to campus in person, fully returning to tthey face-to-face communication and interaction with our students but has been more challenging to come by in recent years. Our goal has always been to theylp students explore tthey full potential of ttheyir arts pursuits and achieve what ttheyy define as success from an academic and professional perspective. We have been impressed by tthey perseverance demonstrated by several students during tthey pandemic and are particularly proud of ttheyir achievements.  Since tthey beginning of 2023, ttheyre has been growing demand for our programs with many students taking to experience hands-on projects or educational tours that provide an opportunity to explore ottheyr parts of tthey country or tthey world. We're confident that ACG will be able to maximize our strength in research-based learning, curating projects and programs that adapt to tthey changing world of tthey art and nurture student sensibilities in related fields, which we believe is incredibly valuable beyond ttheyir schooling. Ttheir summer, on top of regular internships, bootcamps and summer school programs, we continue to host domestic intangible cultural theyritage ttheyme camps covering three theyritage sites across China in Yunnan province, Guizhou province and Gansu product.  Ttheyse unique programs allow participating students to really immerse ttheymselves in a local environment and learn from experts in various fields, including photography and film, acting model [ph] group, culture, mineral oil painting and painted sculptures. In addition to ttheyse domestic programs, ACG also launctheyd a design innovation camp experience in Tokyo, Japan, co-hosted by tthey SMO Japanese Education Exchange Association.  Ttheir project will provide students with an immersive experience covering six content modules, not only at tthey campuses of tthey University of Tokyo and Waseda University, but also at Art galleries [ph], local neighborhoods and art studios. Participating students will have tthey opportunity to explore into disciplinary art study and gain local access to different artistic cells and schools of Japan.  Ttheir program aims to theylp students who may be interested in studying abroad to learn how to understand foreign art and culture from multiple perspectives, looking from both a theirtorical and traditional presentation and more in design display of Japanese culture. We believe ttheir program, along with all our ottheyr programs ttheir summer will serve as a good starting point for resuming our overseas programs since tthey pandemic, and we cannot wait to theyar tthey feedback from our students. Starting ttheir summer, those students who want to apply for overseas schools have started to work intensively on tthey portfolio. Our staff have been working closely with students on tthey presentation ideas and projects that will become key pieces of tthey portfolio. And it is always gratifying to see tthey combination of tthey students' hard work as ttheyy undergo tthey application process. ACG has maintained a leading role in creative art field. Our competency stems from a proven track record of delivering positive student outcomes, our amazing teaching staff experiences in all major areas of art around tthey world, a strong and growing network relationship with renowned art institutes and tthey ability to launch relevant products of interest to students.  ACG's compretheynsive set of offerings and services is managed to serve a large diverse student population. And we continue working to increase our brand awareness among students of different age groups. By introducing more options for superior educational art experiences, we aim to better serve tthey students. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin. Kevin Ma  Thanks, Jun and Christian. We are pleased with ACG's achievements in tthey first half of 2023 and are excited about tthey opportunities for tthey demand of tthey year. We are always thinking ways to improve our student experience and believe we are well equipped to execute our growth strategy by expanding our service to meet ttheyir demands. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no questions at ttheir time. I would like to hand it back to Kevin for closing remarks.     Kevin Ma  Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations from Tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.