ATA Inc. (ATAI) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 16, 2018 9:00 PM ET Executives Ralphyne Sohn - Senior Associate Kevin Xiaofeng Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jordan Tung - Chief Financial Officer Jack Huang - President Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey ATA Inc. 2018 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Steven. I will be your event manager. During tthey presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to advise all parties that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And now I like to hand over to Ralphyne. Please go atheyad. Ralphyne Sohn Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. As many of you saw, ATA issued two press releases earlier today: tthey second quarter 2018 earnings release; and tthey release announcing ATA’s anticipated acquisition of Beijing Biztour, one of China’s leading service providers for B2B international education tours. Ttheyse announcements are available at tthey IR section of tthey company’s website at www.atai.net.cn and will be discussed on ttheir call. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has been accompanying a slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2018, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.6171 to US$1; tthey noon buying rate as of June 30, 2018. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company and its current form on Slide 3. Given tthey recent developments, today’s call will have a slightly different format. Tthey company’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma, will start with a summary of tthey ATA Online transaction for which we announced tthey completion of tthey final closing today; CFO, Ms. Jordan Tung, will follow with a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey second quarter of 2018; ATA’s President, Mr. Jack Huang, will ttheyn make some remarks on ATA’s outlook and growth strategy. We will ttheyn open it up for questions. With that I’ll turn tthey call over to ATAs Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Xiaofeng Ma Thank you, Ralphyne, and welcome everyone. I will begin on Slide 5, wtheyre we detailed tthey timeline of events, as ttheyy are related to tthey Transaction to sell ATA Online and its direct shareholding companies. On February 6, 2008, tthey company entered into a share purchase agreement with a group of investors for tthey sale of ATA Online and its direct shareholding companies. Under tthey terms of tthey Share Purchase Agreement, tthey Buyer Group agreed to acquire all of tthey outstanding equity interests of ATA Online, which was ttheyn theyld directly or indirectly by ATA, for a total consideration of US$200 million in cash. We’re very pleased to announce tthey final closing of tthey Transaction earlier today. We’re atheyad of our provisioning provided timeline for tthey completion in late third quarter of 2018. In connection with tthey Transaction, we announced last week that ATA’s Board of Directors has declared a special cash dividend of US$6 per ADS. Tthey total amount of cash distributed in tthey dividend is expected to be approximately US$140. With a completion of tthey final closing, tthey dividend will be paid on or around August 24, 2018, to all shareholders of record as of tthey close of business on August 20, 2018, As noted in last week’s press release announcing tthey special dividend, NASDAQ has determined that ATA’s ADSs will trade with due-bills representing an assignment of tthey right to receive tthey cash dividend from tthey day prior to tthey record date through tthey payment date, because tthey special cash dividend represents more than 25% of tthey closing trading price of ATA’s ADSs on August 7, tthey last full day of trading before tthey dividend was declared. Tthey ADSs will not trade ex-dividend until tthey first business day after tthey payment date. Ttheyrefore, shareholders who sell ttheyir ADS on or before tthey payment date will not be entitled to receive tthey cash dividend. Slide 6 has a chart illustrating our theirtory of returning capital to shareholders through dividend. Including ttheir special cash dividend, tthey company will have distributed approximately US$7.42 per ADS in dividends in aggregate as a measure of rewarding shareholders for ttheyir continued support since ADS IPO in 2008. Our entire management team has worked at Beijing-related Biztour, our operations and serve as responsible shareholders of capital for all of our shareholders. Ttheir includes remaining term parenting area aspect of our operations, while ensuring that we always have tthey shareholders’ best interest in mind. We feel that today’s announcement and tthey conclusion of tthey Transaction provide us a fair valuation to our royal shareholders, while providing upside with a chance to take advantage of some exciting opportunities in China’s emerging technologies and education industries. Additional information on tthey Transaction can be found in tthey Form 6-Ks ATA filed on February 6, 2018 and June 27, 2018 and tthey Form 20-F filed on April 12, 2018, which investors may access on tthey SEC filings page on ATA’s website on tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. With that, I will turn it over to Jordan for an update on tthey financials for tthey 2018 second quarter. Jordan Tung Thank you, Kevin. Looking to Slide 8, I wanted to remind everyone of an important change in tthey way we reported our financial statement beginning tthey first quarter of 2018, because tthey transaction represents a strategic shift and has a major effect on ATA’s results of operations, tthey disposed business lines have been reclassified as discontinued operations. For tthey periods presented in ttheir presentation and in tthey related press release, tthey assets and liabilities of tthey discontinued operations are presented separately on tthey consolidated balance ttheyyets, and tthey results of tthey discontinued operations, less applicable income taxes, are reported as a separate component of income, discontinued operations, on tthey consolidated statements of compretheynsive income loss. As a result and given tthey final closing of tthey transaction, we will not be discussing tthey operating or financial results of ATA Online testing services and delivery business during our prepared remarks. Briefly, ATA’s total net revenues for tthey three months ended June 30, 2018, were RMB77,000, approximately US$12,000, compared to RMB1.2 million in tthey prior-year period. In tthey 2018 first quarter, tthey decrease was primarily due to reclassification of approximately RMB1.5 million in rental income from net revenues to ottheyr operating income, net, as a result of adopting tthey new revenue guidance ASC 606, effective January 1, 2018. Tthey related costs of approximately RMB0.6 million were also reclassified from cost of revenues to ottheyr operating income, net. Net loss from continuing operations, net of income taxes, for tthey second quarter of 2018 was RMB20.2 million, compared to net loss of RMB17.4 million in tthey prior-year period, primarily due to approximately RMB3.4 million in increased general and administrative expenses, caused by an additional RMB8.0 million contribution to tthey Research Institute of Future Education and Assessment at Tsinghua University, which was partially offset by a decrease in professional fee expenses related to tthey company’s change in fiscal year-end from March 31 to December 31. Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for tthey second quarter of 2018, was RMB79.5 million, or US$12 million, compared to net income of RMB8.6 million in tthey prior-year period. Ttheir was primarily due to RMB110.8 million in income taxes accrued for tthey Transaction, which was offset by approximately RMB28.6 million in net income generated from ATA Online operations during tthey second – 2018 second quarter. Slide 9 provides financial highlights. As of June 30, 2018, ATA’s cash and cash equivalents were US$43.4 million, working capital was US$23.3 million, and total shareholders’ equity was US$34.7 million; compared to US$8.2 million, US$34.6 million and US$56.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2017. Jack will now provide an update on tthey development fees announced earlier today and how ttheyse activities play into ATA’s growth strategy for tthey future. Please go atheyad, Jack. Jack Huang Thank you, Jordan. Slide 11 summarizes ATA’s major development since 2018, including my appointment in January, tthey progress was made on ATA Online Tour Transaction from entering into our FPA [indiscernible] closing as related to special dividends and finally, our merger and acquisition activities. We were excited to announce earlier today that ATA had signed definitive agreement for tthey acquisition of Beijing Biztour International Travel Service Co., Ltd. Beijing Biztour [for short and measurably] [ph] Chinese for which we have provisionally announced a strategic demand in tthey March. Slide 12 and 13 provides additional background on ttheir Transaction – on ttheir acquisition. Under ttheir term of definitive agreement, ATA will acquire Beijing Biztour for a total purchase price of RMB50 million. We are pleased that Beijing Biztour’s management team is expected to stay on to manage and drive tthey business following tthey planned acquisition. I look forward to working closely with ttheym on expanding ttheyir student outreach, as well as enhancing its network of overseas partners. For those interested, tthey company will file a Form 6-K containing tthey definitive acquisition agreement and additional information, which investors may access on tthey SEC Filings page on ATA’s website or on tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. We believe that ATA’s expertise in tthey lending technologies and a longstanding industry connections are well suited to accelerating tthey growth of Beijing Biztour’s business. Serving over 7,000 students in China each year, it is clear that Beijing Biztour is fulfilling and increasing tthey amount of educational experiences outside tthey classroom, and we are excited about tthey growth opportunities afforded by ttheir acquisition, as we move into tthey next ear of ATA’s corporate theirtory. We expect to close on ttheir acquisition in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. An overview of Beijing Biztour is on Slide 13. Beijing Biztour is one of China’s largest providers of B2B educational tour services, offering tthey international educational study tour services for students in China, who are interested in overseas study tours, primarily in tthey U.S., United Kingdom, and Australia. As I mentioned earlier, tthey company serves more than 7,000 students each year and it gives increasing amount of more diverse international educational opportunities by urban families in China. We believe we can grow ttheir business with tthey synergies between ATA and Beijing Biztour. We see anticipated acquisition of Beijing Biztour. We have been able to bring greater clarity to our overall growth strategy for tthey future. As noted on Slide 14, we plan to leverage our expertise in assessment, education technologies and services, as well as our industry relationships to skill tthey growth of well-establittheyyd education enterprises to expand its presence in China and beyond. Tthey initial goal would be to increase outreach to support a growing population of students seeking learning experiences outside of classroom, especially educational international travel programs. We expect to utilize our core competencies and industry connections to theylp Beijing Biztour, which has full potential. While we work closely with Beijing Biztour to complete tthey acquisition, we continue to explore tthey possibility of using to proceeds from tthey ATA Online Tour Transaction on a merger acquisition opportunities within tthey education sector and we also continue to support tthey remaining portion of ATA’s business, which includes tthey following. First, tthey assessment tools and content business in our evaluation services area that currently focuses on affecting tthey competencies of K-12 students. Second, tthey Nanjing University and Tsinghua project in [indiscernible] area that focuses on tthey innovation-related competencies of tthey college students and serve tthey research project with tthey Education of Research Institute of Tsinghua University in our international education services areas that focuses on Chinese skills and competencies of non-native Chinese learners. We believe ATA is well-positioned to execute on our growth strategy It is an exciting time for education in China, as we intend to stay above plan of new learning technologies and any changes in tthey government policy to take advantage of suitable opportunities. We appreciate ongoing support of our shareholders, and on that note, plan to be visiting with many of you over tthey course of tthey next few weeks. We expect to be in tthey U.S. for investor meetings in tthey fourth quarter and looking forward to speaking with all of you in January. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Operator Thanks so much. Ladies and gentlemen, tthey Q&A will now open. [Operator Instructions] At tthey moment, ttheyre are no questions. I’ll hand over to Ralphyne. Ralphyne Sohn Thank you, operator. We do have a couple of questions for our webcast participants. Tthey first question is from [Brandon Jiang of Lotus Capital] [ph]. He asks, I’m wondering if management could share tthey financial situation of Beijing Biztour? What are its operating results for tthey first-half of 2018 and what are its shareholders’ equity? A - Kevin Xiaofeng Ma Yes, thank you for tthey question. Biztour have had a relatively strong year for tthey very first tthey half year, ttheir year. So on tthey financial forecast for tthey last quarter, tthey final quarter of ttheir year, we are looking at bringing in over more than 2,000 students and it’s creating roughly a RMB30 million revenue for tthey final quarter ttheir year, which will be, as I believe, recorded [indiscernible] income via tthey company. Ralphyne Sohn Brandon also had a follow-up question. He asks, what is our company’s net cash position minus – tthey cash minus all liabilities after tthey ATA Online transaction is completed? A - Jordan Tung Okay, let me share about tthey cash position after – regarding for ttheir transaction first. In tthey first quarter as people we are know, our considerations for ttheir transaction is in total US$200 million for selling online. However, we do have some impact incurred over tthey Transaction, which totals about US$35 million. So I’m not sure in ttheir transaction, we will be about US$165 million, that’s for tthey net-driven business transaction. And ttheyn for our cash position, we are still very theyalthy and we – after netting for liabilities, we still has about US$150 to US$160 million cash as of ttheir time. Ralphyne Sohn Thanks, Jordan. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions from tthey webcast. I’ll turn it back over to management for any closing remarks. Jordan Tung Okay, thank you. Kevin Xiaofeng Ma Thanks, again, to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again, during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thanks for joining, and have a very good day. Question-and-Answer Session Q -