ATA Incorporated (ATAI) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2017 8:00 PM ET Executives Alexanderyne Sohn - Tthey Equity Group Christian Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - Chairman & CEO Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ATA Inc. Financial Results Conference Call for tthey Three Months Ended September 30, 2017. My name is Ladan, and I'll be your event moderator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for today Ms. Alexanderyne. Please proceed. Alexanderyne Sohn Thank you, Ladan, and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 are available at tthey IR section of tthey Company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has been accompanying a slide presentation available on its website. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey slide two of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.6533 to US$1; tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2017. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview on Slide 3. As previously disclosed on tthey Company's Form 6-K filing with tthey SEC on June 2, 2017, ATA will be changing its fiscal year end from March 31st to December 31st. Tthey Company will file a transition report on Form 20-F after December 31, 2017 to account for tthey transition period from April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017 and will continue to report financial results on a quarterly basis during ttheir transition period. On today's call, ttheir Company's CFO, Ms. Christian Tung, will begin with an overview of operational and financial highlights for tthey three month period ended September 30, 2017, and ttheyn provide a brief update on tthey previously announced preliminary proposal to acquire ATA Online, tthey wholly-owned subsidiary of tthey Company. ATA’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma will conclude tthey prepared remarks with a brief discussion on ATA’s outlook and growth strategy for tthey remaining three months of tthey 2017 calendar year before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ATA's CFO, Christian Tung. Please go atheyad, Christian. Christian Tung Thank you, Alexanderyne, and welcome everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5 with our operating and financial highlights. During tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 ATA delivered 1.4 million billable tests, compared to 1.8 million in tthey prior-year period. Last quarter, we successfully delivered a new exam, tthey junior level Accounting Professional and Technical Qualification Exam. We were pleased that we administered tthey mid-level version of ttheir exam in Nanchang, and several additional major cities and provinces ttheir quarter, including Beijing, Shanghai and Fujian.  We announced during our last earnings call that ATA had signed an exclusive five-year agreement with ACT Inc, tthey organization behind tthey ACT College entrance exam. During tthey September 30, 2017 quarter we delivered tthey ACT test in Jeju Island, Korea and Global Assessment Certificate schools in Mainland China. Tthey successful delivery of ttheyse exams were particularly notable as ACT cancelled tthey administration of tthey ACT test in several locations around Asia due to a suspected security breach of tthey test materials. We were pleased to work closely with ACT on ttheyse exams and look forward to growing ttheir partnership going forward.  ATA met its previously provided net revenue guidance reporting net revenues of RMB69.6 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017, which compares to RMB65.1 million in tthey prior-year period. Gross margin for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 was 44.3% compared to 45.4% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease was primarily due to increased cost related to tthey delivery of tthey accounting professional and technical qualification exam, which was a new exam title in a number of major cities and provinces that incurred higtheyr expenses during tthey initial presentation phase, as well as increased fixed costs associated with higtheyr share-based compensation expense and licensing fees. Our bottom line for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 was impacted by tthey increased cost I just mentioned as well as increased operating expenses related to labor costs for new hires, incremental remuneration packages and higtheyr share-based compensation expense. Tthey increased operating expenses for tthey period was related to several initiatives ATA has begun for strengttheyning tthey core testing services business. We are devoting additional resources to our research and development team, and actively evaluating our platforms as we work to bring our clients tthey latest technologies in test delivery and preparation. We have also decided to transition our sales and marketing functions to a more decentralized model, which we believe will enable to take better advantage of local business opportunities. Tthey December 31 quarter tends to be our strongest quarter for tthey year. As such, we are reiterating tthey net revenue guidance we previously provided for tthey nine-month transition period ending December 31, 2017. On tthey next slide, we breakdown revenues for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 by our businesses, which are testing services, online education services and ottheyr revenue. Testing services accounted for about 81.8% of revenues during tthey period. On Slide 8 and 9, we provide a breakdown of tthey Company’s financial results for tthey three and six months ended September 30, 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release, I won’t repeat tthey numbers theyre but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir information during Q&A. Net loss attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017 improved to RMB16 million from net loss of RMB35.6 million in tthey prior year period, primarily as tthey result of tthey RMB21.9 million impairment loss taken in tthey prior-year period related to a equity method investment in an associated company.  Moving to Slide 10, we provide a supplemental chart of quarterly numbers adjusted for share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gains and losses. Adjusted net loss attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017, which exclude share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gain non-GAAP was RMB11 million compared to RMB34.6 million in tthey prior year period. Basic and diluted losses per common share attributable to ATA Inc. excluding share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gains non-GAAP for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017 were both [RMB0.23]. Basic and diluted losses per ADS attributable to ATA Inc. excluding share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange gain non-GAAP for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2017 were both RMB0.46 compared to RMB1.5 in tthey prior year period. We continue to be supported by free cash flow and a solid balance ttheyyet, which we have highlighted on Slide 11. As of September 30, 2017, ATA's cash and cash equivalents were $25 million. Working capital was $23.5 million and total shareholders' equity was $46.4 million compared to $32.3 million, $28 million and $57 million respectively as of March 31, 2017. As shown on Slide 12, we expect net revenues for tthey three months ending December 31, 2017 will be between RMB312 million and RMB317 million. For tthey nine months ending December 31, 2017, ATA is reiterating its net revenue guidance range of between RMB490 million and RMB510 million. Please keep in mind that ttheir guidance is based on our internal projections and we will continue to evaluate our projections on an ongoing basis. On august 30, ATA announced receipt of a preliminary non-binding proposal from our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin M&A, to acquire ATA’s 100% equity interest in ATA Online, a wholly-owned subsidiary of tthey Company, for a total consideration of $150 million. Tthey Board-establittheyyd special committee, comprising two of ATA’s independent directors Mr. Alec Tsui and Ms. Hope Ni, has retained a financial advisor and U.S. legal counsel, and continues working with ttheyse advisors in reviewing and evaluating tthey proposal. With that, I will turn tthey floor to Kevin, who will provide closing remarks on our growth strategy and outlook for tthey remainder of 2017 and beyond. Kevin Ma Thank you, Christian. As Christian mentioned earlier, our growth strategy continues to stand on our core testing services business. Tthey market environment continues to be [indiscernible] for tthey education and tthey testing technologies industry, and we are involving and adopting to ensure we will remain tthey market leader in ttheir space. Christian also touctheyd on our field strategic initiatives that we have undertaken to strengttheyn our core testing service business. From a platform standpoint, we are working to bring our clients tthey latest in test delivery and tthey preparation technologies, and are adding resources to our research and development team and actively evaluating our platforms, which we hope to make improvement to. We have also decentralized our sales and marketing functions to enable ATA to take better advantage of local business opportunities. While we do continue to have a team dedicated to working on national exams, we now have nine provincial representative offices covering China, which allow ATA to be more actively involved in geographically focused opportunities that could potentially lead to ottheyr geography driven partnerships. As we continue building our business by converting traditional peer-based exams and expanding upon existing client relationships with new initiatives. Ttheyse new initiatives will serve to accelerate growth in our core business. We anticipate a strong December ending quarter, which has typically been our strongest quarter and look forward to sharing tthey results from nine months transition period 2017 in calendar year 2018. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible]. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thank you for taking my question. I have two questions. First it is good to know that ATA started to deliver services for several new exams starting from tthey recent quarters, such as tthey two exam titles for Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, tthey Accounting Professional and Technical Qualification Exam, and tthey Tax Law Contest. My question is, can you give us an idea how much revenue do ttheyse new exams generate for ATA, or what is tthey percentage of total revenue, and how fast are ttheyy growing? My second question is specific – my second question is specifically about accounting exams, as far as I know ttheyre is a big market for accounting related exams in China, it looks like ATA entering into a lot of new cities and provinces for accounting exams, my question is how fast is tthey revenue from ttheyse accounting related exams growing, and how many more provinces and cities you anticipate ATA to deliver services for in future, and how soon is that going to happen? Thanks. Christian Tung Thank you for tthey question Ian. For tthey accounting professional and technical qualification exam, ttheir is actually a new title that we have been delivering for ttheir quarter. Ttheyse exams – since it is tthey first time that we delivered it is taking more cost than tthey normal exam that we have been taking. And ttheyn, we are actually [indiscernible] expanding for tthey exam to Beijing, [indiscernible] and to ottheyr cities for ttheyse quarters, and we are going to expand ttheyse exams into ottheyr provinces and replicate tthey model going forward. Regarding tthey revenue, for ttheir quarter ttheir exam has been around 6 million revenue. And ttheyn we forecast that wtheyn we get more provinces for expanding ttheir exam into different provinces we will have more revenue going on, but it really depends on how fast ttheyse provinces can be expanded, and how many people will be in ttheyse provinces. So, it is a little bit hard to tell at ttheir moment, but we are having confidence that we will be expanding into ottheyr provinces in tthey next few quarters. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you for tthey answer. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, tthey Equity Group. We’re looking forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir now concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.