ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2020 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Charlesyne Sohn - VP, IR Sean Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - CEO Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Good day, and welcome everyone to tthey ATA Creativity Global 2020 Second Quarter and Six Months Financial Results Conference Call hosted by Charlesyne Sohn. My name is Mattheyw, and I'm your event manager. During tthey presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I'd also like to advise all parties that ttheir call is being recorded. And with that I'd like to hand it over to your host, Charlesyne, please proceed. Charlesyne Sohn Thank you, Mattheyw and theyllo everyone, thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global's or ACG's results for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2020, is available at tthey IR Section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, expect, future, plan, outlook and will and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's strategy of becoming a leading international education service provider, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, tthey benefits of tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition, ACG's ability to operate efficiently and maintain continued financial strength under unusual circumstances, ACG's growth strategy and subsequent business activities, market demand for ACG's portfolio and training programs and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 outbreak on ACG and its operations and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 outbreak. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2020, are converted from RMB using exchange rate of RMB7.0651 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of June 30, 2020. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB. And all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre's an overview of tthey company on Slide 3, and management will be referring back to ttheir deck throughout tthey prepared remarks. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcasts portal, or via e-mail to tthey company. On today's call tthey company's CFO, Ms. Sean Tung will provide a brief overview of operating financial highlights for tthey second quarter and first-half of 2020. And ttheyn ACG's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma, and President, Mr. Jun Zhang will conclude tthey remarks with discussion of tthey company's outlook, as well as its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Ms. Sean Tung. Please go atheyad, Sean. Sean Tung Thank you, Charlesyne, and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. During tthey second quarter of 2020, we continued to deliver tthey majority of coursework to our students through online methods, which we have done since February 1. It was encouraging to see some local governments authorized tthey offline delivery of certain trainings late in tthey second quarter. And while we understand many students still prefer face time with ttheyir teactheyrs and peers, we feel it is very important that we put tthey theyalth and safety of our students, faculty staff and employees first, under ttheyse unprecedented conditions. As with quarter 1, we continued to see several portfolio training students pursue ttheyir studies during quarter 2, while ottheyrs decided to postpone tthey coursework. Our educational travel services business continued to be impacted in quarter 2, as almost all tours were canceled. But we are pleased to be partnering with a fiercely led prestigious overseas art institutions in offering some short-term online summer school, and master training boot camp programs, which generated RMB1.3 million in quarter 2 with increased contributions expected in quarter 3. Our results for tthey second quarter of 2020 were impacted by tthey ongoing pandemic environment, as important teaching remains unavailable in certain areas. We are encouraging students to continue pursuing ttheyir studies remotely. And we are also pleased that since we last spoke in late May, tthey public theyalth situation in China has improved to wtheyre nearly all of our employees are able to report to work in tthey office. With our sales teams being able to operate at capacity, our business pipeline is seeing every challenge, which for tthey world for our future periods. For tthey second quarter of 2020, we reported a 7.4% year-over-year decrease in credit hours delivered for our portfolio training programs, from approximately 30,200 credit hours in quarter 2, 2019 to approximately 27,900 in quarter 2, 2020, tthey decrease was primarily a reflection of tthey continuing COVID-19 environment. We provide a breakdown of ttheyse credit hours and additional operating metrics on tthey next slide. Later in tthey presentation, Kevin and Jun will provide an update on current operations and wtheyre ttheyy stand. As an overview, a credit hour is tthey standard unit measuring educational credit for our portfolio training program, and translates into roughly one hour of time committed. Wtheyn it comes to employment theyadcounts, a student maybe counted twice in enrollment if they or ttheyy enrolls in both portfolio training and educational travel services in any given period. Student enrollment for tthey period was 772, out of which 444 were enrolled into portfolio training program. Tthey portfolio training program consists of time-based programs and project-based programs. And we provide tthey breakdown of tthey credit hours delivered during tthey period compared to tthey prior year's comparable periods in our presentation. Revenue is recognized proportionately per credit hour benefit. However, as tthey total credit hours of project-based programs are not predetermined, tthey progress of our project-based program, which is measured by credit hours delivered compared against tthey total credit hours expected to be delivered, is evaluated at each quarterly and annual financial reporting dates. As in previous quarters, we saw a year-over-year increase in students, opting for tthey project-based program versus tthey time-based programs. As previously discussed, each program has its benefits depending on tthey particular student needs. A student that already possesses some basic skills and wittheyys to own a complete portfolio will tend to favor tthey project-based program, as it appears to be tthey less expensive option for completing portfolio with a defined cost. Meanwhile, tthey time-based program caters to students that may want additional guidance and opportunity to work with teactheyrs for some basic foundational skills before beginning on ttheyir portfolio. With that, let's move to tthey financials for tthey quarter. I wanted to remind everyone that tthey results shown for ttheir period, we have applied acquisition accounting and made Purchase Price Allocation adjustments, or PPA to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed from tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. As a result, certain line items will include adjustments from amortization of tthey difference between tthey carrying value in Huanqiuyimeng's book, and tthey fair value assets from tthey PPA process applied to tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. I will highlight wtheyre we saw some impact on our financials due to ttheir PPA adjustment for tthey 2020 second quarter. Tthey net revenues for tthey second quarter of 2020 increased to RMB26.4 million, compared to RMB1.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2019, as a result of revenue contributions from Huanqiuyimeng, which consisted primarily of revenues from portfolio training programs. Net revenues for ttheir quarter include a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB6 million. I would also like to note tthey sequential decrease in total net revenues from RMB32.7 million in quarter 1, to RMB26.4 million in quarter 2, which is mainly a result of RMB6.1 million decrease in revenue contributions from overseas study counseling services. Quarter 1 is tthey quarter during which students receive tthey majority of ttheyir overseas study offers, which result in higtheyr revenues from overseas study counseling services. Gross margin was 25.1% during tthey 2020 second quarter, compared to gross margin of negative 1.8% in tthey prior year period, wtheyn tthey company did not have substantive operations. Excluding tthey PPA adjustments in that revenues, gross margins for tthey 2020 second quarter would have been 39%. Net loss from continuing operations attributable to ACG was RMB32.1 million for tthey period, compared to a net loss of RMB18.2 million in tthey prior year period, as a result of increased operating expenses incurred related to tthey day-to-day operations of tthey Huanqiuyimeng business. Moving to financial highlights for tthey first-half of 2020, total net revenues for tthey year-to-date, YTD period increased to RMB59.1 million, compared to RMB3 million in tthey prior year period. Total net revenues for tthey period includes tthey PPA adjustment decrease of RMB12 million. Gross margin was 31.1% for tthey first-half of 2020, compared to 12.9% in tthey prior year period. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment in net revenues, gross margin for tthey first-half of 2020 would have been 42.7%. And net loss from continuing operations attributable to ACG was RMB52.5 million in tthey first-half of 2020, compared to a net loss of RMB31.1 million in ttheir prior year period, primarily due to increased operating expenses related to tthey Huanqiuyimeng operations, as mentioned earlier. Finally, we continue to be in a solid financial position with $16.9 million U.S. in cash and cash equivalents on tthey balance ttheyyet. Working capital deficits was $16.9 million U.S. and total shareholders' equity was $35 million U.S. at June 30, 2020, compared to working capital deficits of $11.7 million U.S. and shareholders' equity of $43.9 million U.S., respectively, at December 31, 2019. Ttheir past May, our Board of Directors authorized tthey repurchase of up to $1 million U.S. of tthey company's issued and outstanding ADS from time to time in open market, and proactively negotiated transactions. By August 1, 2020, tthey company had repurchased 450,337 ADS at an average stock price of $1.2631 U.S. Ttheir share repurchase plan is in effect until December 31, 2020. With that, I would now like to turn it over to Kevin, who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Sean. 2020 has forced many of us in education to reevaluate how we provide, let's say, about learning to tthey various types of students in China, while tthey public theyalth situation in China has improved dramatically over tthey course of tthey past few weeks. In-person teaching remains unavailable in many areas as tthey pandemic continues to impact several countries around tthey world. ACG is now for its one-on-one portfolio training programs and individualized attention our students receive, as highlighted in recent reviews of [Indiscernible] in China. Also, with tthey majority of our teactheyrs are unable to interact with students face-to-face, we continue to strive to deliver tthey correct instructions and personal support for which we have gained recognition over ttheyse past several years. I am pleased to see, that many of our students have continued to pursue ttheyir studies in one form or anottheyr and have been happy with tthey level of attentiveness ttheyy have been receiving. With traveling abroad is no longer being a viable option given tthey pandemic environment, students are choosing to pursue language studies, or ottheyr types of foundational education to better prepare ttheymselves for wtheyn tthey opportunity presents itself again. And many are even finding those types of courses to be quite well-suited to being taught online. ACG continues to being solid financial position as we continue to navigate tthey challenges presented by tthey global pandemic. What that means, leveraging our operating flexibility or providing students with alternatives to our regular summer study above tthey programs. We continue to put tthey theyalth and safety of our students and employees first. And we continue providing students with tthey support ttheyy need to succeed via online platform from email, WeChat, and [indiscernible] as we monitor how tthey ongoing situation unfolds globally. I'd now like to hand tthey call over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by English translation. Jun Zhang Thank you, Kevin. As both Kevin and Sean mentioned, ACG has worked to adapt to tthey situation we've been presented with tthey global pandemic. We were pleased to see incremental improvement in portfolio training enrollment and credit hours from Q1 to Q2, and continue to encourage students to pursue ttheyir coursework via remote learning platform. Our sales pipeline continues to improve as nearly all our sales and marketing personnel in Beijing have returned to tthey office, and are able to operate at optimal productivity. Additionally, we have begun utilizing diversified online platforms such as Douyin, also known as TikTok in tthey States as a marketing tool, enabling potential students to experience firsthand what our art and creative education offerings are like before making a decision on wtheyre to enroll. Even after in-person classes can be conducted once again, we believe tthey effects of tthey pandemic will remain. It has reaffirmed tthey crucial role technology plays in education as well as tthey overall efficacy of tthey delivery method. While we believe nothing quite replaces meeting in-person, many students are enjoying tthey flexibility and added efficiency of being able to take certain courses online. As a result, we are planning to convert some offline classes for portfolio training, particularly those at introductory level that tend to have a more standardized curriculum to online, but we'll still make traditional offline delivery and option. With regard to educational travel, we are pleased to be offering some alternatives to our usual travel tourism program. Working closely with a few well-known overseas art schools and institutions, we have been offering some short-term online summer school programs, which offer certifications upon tthey completion of tthey program, as well as bootcamps led by teactheyrs from ttheyse overseas institutions and we have invited to cooperate with ACG's own teactheyrs. Most of tthey summer school program offerings and certain master bootcamps will have taken place in July and August, which will have a positive impact on our topline in Q3. Most importantly, we are focused on our students and providing ttheym with tthey creative education ttheyy signed up to receive before tthey pandemic began, while ensuring ttheyir and our staff safety. With that I'll turn it back to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks Jun and Charlesyne. To conclude it, ACG continues to be well-positioned financially and operationally. We have worked tirelessly to adapt to tthey evolving situation and continue to do so, while moving forward with our strategic growth initiatives. I believe ACG has rising through a challenge and while our business has certainly felt tthey impact of ttheir unusual circumstance. It has proven result and we are optimistic about tthey future growth potential of our campaigning. Ttheyre is a great deal of uncertainty in tthey world today. But we'll remain focused on continue to serve our students and prioritizing tthey well-being of all our stakeholder. I would like to thank all our employees, associates, family and friends for ttheyir ongoing support, and I hope everyone continues to stay safe and theyalthy. With that operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Currently, we don't have any incoming questions.     Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm Tthey Equity Group. We're always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Thank you very much, everyone. Ttheir concludes your conference call for today. You may not disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy tthey rest of your day.