ATA, Inc. (ATAI) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2019 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Jeremyyne Sohn - IR, Fincera Inc. Jack Huang - President & Director Eric Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO Conference Call Participants Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey ATA Inc. First Quarter Call. My name is Peter, and I'm your event manager today. [Operator Instructions]. And now I would like to hand over to Jeremyyne Sohn. Please proceed. Jeremyyne Sohn Thank you, Peter, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2019, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ATA's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Tthey information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2019, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.7112 to $1, tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2019. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey company PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcast portal or via e-mail to tthey company. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Ms. Eric Tung, will provide a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2019. And ttheyn ATA's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma; and President, Mr. Jack Huang, will conclude tthey remarks with a brief discussion on ATA's outlook and long-term growth strategy as we theyad into tthey second half of 2019 before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ATA's CFO, Ms. Eric Tung. Please go atheyad, Eric. Eric Tung Thank you, Jeremyyne, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. To those of you following along with tthey presentation, I will begin with a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2019 shown on Slide 5. Net revenues for tthey period increased to CNY1.6 million compared to CNY0.1 million in tthey first quarter of 2018 as a result of our success in developing and expanding our K-12 education assessment services into ottheyr regions of China such as tthey Heping district of Tianjin. Loss from continuing operations net of income taxes improved to CNY14.3 million from CNY15 million in tthey prior year period primarily due to CNY1.3 million in higtheyr consulting fees associated with investing activities recorded in tthey prior year period. Ttheir was partially offset by an increase of CNY0.8 million in share-based compensation expense in tthey three months ended March 31, 2019, mainly related to new shares and options issued in tthey first -- fourth quarter of 2018. Moving to slide 6, we provide an update on our current financial position and balance ttheyyet highlights. As of March 31, 2019, ATA's cash and cash equivalents were USD 25.1 million. Ttheir compares to USD 27.7 million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2018. Working capital was USD 25.7 million, and total shareholders' equity was USD 39 million at March 31, 2019, compared to USD 28.2 million and USD 40.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, we believe our financial position remains strong, which will serve to support us as we work on carrying our growth strategy. I would now like to turn it over to Kevin who will say a few words about ATA's outlook. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Ma Thank you, Eric. For those of you following along, I will begin with Slide 8. Jack and I will keep our comments brief, and ttheyn we will open up for Q&A. Over tthey past few years, we have continued to see a massive change in tthey manner in which family in China are pursuing ttheyir educational growth. Our businesses showed operating continue [indiscernible] shift directly and with furttheyr close working relationship with two testing facilities and students. We have determined that a bi-culture educational approach is what a growing number of Chinese families want. On that, we turn to local [indiscernible] while introducing international elements that provide tthey skills necessary to prepare children for global higtheyr education and career. Ttheir has become ATA's business model innovation to offer fully immersive experience wtheyre we can provide individuals with a unique experience that's beneficial to ttheyir future and variable [indiscernible]. I will turn tthey call over to Jack to provide some details on our PBL initiative and ttheyn return to discuss our M&A activities. Jack Huang Thank you, Kevin. Slide 9 provides some detail on our Project-Based Learning initiative, or PBL, which we continue to develop. PBL provides an immersive educational experience with online coursework, overseas travel and finally, a presentation stage wtheyre students can highlight ttheyir capabilities. In tthey end, tthey schools have optionality for ttheyir students. Tthey students have an experience that both enrictheys but also theylps set ttheym apart in tthey next phase of ttheyir studies, for example, college. We continue to develop PBL, and investors can expect updates on our partnerships, capabilities, programmatic offerings and ultimately, our ability to enroll and outline our economics for each of you. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thanks for that, Jack. Moving to our M&A activities on Slide 10, I am unable to speak too in-depth about ttheir topic, but we did sign framework agreements with Beijing Huanqiuyimeng Education Consultation Corp. or ACG and certain of its shareholders for proposed acquisition of ACG. ACG is a leading provider of educational service for students in China interested in applying for overseas art study. ATA believes that one of tthey important elements of providing an immersive experience is to target a fast growing segment of tthey education market such as arts and ttheyn to utilize our expertise with that of a valued patronage group. We believe ACG is that partner. On Slide 11, we provide some best information about ACG. As we move furttheyr along in tthey assessment space, we look forward to providing additional information on tthey company and its background but in tthey meantime, would encourage investors to review ttheyir website, www.acgorg.net. In conclusion, we believe ATA is well positioned to execute on a solid growth strategy, which we have online on Slide 12. We are active in M&A dialogue to execute on our opportunities, and we look forward to answering any questions about our plans during our upcoming visit to tthey U.S. for investor meetings. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, Tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you.