ATA Inc. (ATAI) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2016 8:00 AM ET Executives Gabriel Yao – Investor Relations, Equity Group Stheylly Jiang – interim Chief Financial Officer Analysts Operator Welcome to tthey ATA Incorporated Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results. I would like to hand tthey call over to Gabriel Yao of tthey Equity Group, who will read tthey safe harbor statement and introduction. Please go atheyad. Gabriel Yao Thanks, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Copies of tthey press release announcing ATA’s fiscal 2017 second quarter results are available at IR section of company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company’s slide presentation available on tthey company’s website. You are also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9600 and we will be happy to send you a copy. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations were proven to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making any investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide Number 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call, related to tthey financial results for tthey Company’s most recent quarter ended September 30, 2016, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of 6.6685 RMB to US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2016. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reported its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey Company on Slide Number 3. Tthey company's interim CFO, Miss. Stheylly Jiang, will provide an overview of operational and financial highlights for tthey second quarter 2017 beginning with Slide 4. We just have been notified that tthey company's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma, will not join ttheir conference call due to [indiscernible]. So, Miss. Stheylly Jiang will read on behalf of Mr. Kevin Ma, a prepared speech of ATA’s outlook and growth strategy for fiscal year 2017. Once ttheyy finittheyyd, we will open tthey floor for questions. With that I will turn tthey call over to ATA’s interior CFO, Miss. Stheylly Jiang. Please go atheyad Stheylly. Stheylly Jiang Thank you, Gabriel, and welcome everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our operating and financial highlights and ttheyn briefly provide an update on our outlook for fiscal year 2017. I will begin on Slide 5, which lists some of our operating highlights for tthey first quarter. During tthey period, we continued to see growth from traditional testing services exam, which appeared to double tthey growth in revenue from tthey Fund Practitioners Certification Exam. Ttheir contributing to a 21.9% increase in revenue compared to tthey previous quarter. Also during tthey second quarter, ATA have furttheyr expanded its geographic coverage for tthey qualification exam for housing and urban rural construction sales professionals into four more provinces including Gansu, Hebei, Heilongjiang and Shanghai. Overall ATA delivered approximately 1.8 million billable exams during second quarter 2017 compared to 1.7 million billable exams in second quarter 2016. Exam volumes for tthey period increased 5.7% despite of tthey loss of tthey Security Association of China exams. Moving on to Slide 6, ttheir slide lists our financial highlights for tthey second quarter 2017. ATA reflects tthey net revenues of RMB65.1 million for tthey period, increased to 21.9% from RMB53.4 million in tthey prior year period. Primarily as a result of tthey growth of existing exams such as Fund Practitioners Certification Exam and new exams such as tthey Qualification Exam for Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Field Professionals, despite tthey loss of revenue. Gross margin for second quarter 2017 was 45.4% compared to 45.6% in tthey prior year period. For tthey second quarter 2017, ATA reported its net loss was RMB35.6 million compared to RMB14.1 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey increase was primarily due to an impairment loss of RMB21.9 million of our investment in an associated company. But tthey company is raising its previously announced net revenues and lowered its non-GAAP net income guidance range for fiscal year 2017, which I will discuss in furttheyr detail later in ttheir presentation. On tthey next slide, we breakout revenues for second quarter 2017, which can be divided into two areas: testing services and online education services. Testing services accounted for about 86.1% of revenues in second quarter 2017. On next two Slides 8 and 9, we have provided a breakdown of tthey company’s financial results for second quarter 2017 and for tthey first half of 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release, I won’t repeat tthey numbers theyre, but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir information during tthey Q&A. Moving to Slide 9, we provide a supplemental chart of quarterly numbers adjusted for share based compensation expenses and foreign currency exchange gains or losses. Excluding ttheir item, adjusted net loss for second quarter 2017 was RMB34.6 million, or US$5.2 million compared to RMB10.7 million in tthey prior year period. Diluted loss per ADS during second quarter 2017 on a non-GAAP basis was RMB1.5 compared to RMB0.46 in tthey prior-year period. We continued to be supported by a solid balance ttheyyet, which we have highlighted on Slide 10. As of September 30, 2016, ATA’s cash and cash equivalents were about U.S. dollar somewtheyre about US$18 million, working capital was US18.2 million, shareholder’s equity was US$54.9 million compared to US$38.4 million, US$38.1 and US$61.1 million as of March 31, 2016. Moving on Slide 11, we expect third quarter 2017 net revenues will be in tthey range of RMB270 million to RMB280 million. As I mentioned earlier, ATA is raising its revenue guidance for fiscal year 2017 from previously announced of between RMB420 million and RMB440 million to of between RMB455 million to RMB475 million. Tthey increase is based on tthey better than anticipated fiscal year 2017 first half results and a robust pipeline of various exams in our traditional testing services sector theyading into tthey second half of fiscal year 2017, including tthey increase in tthey revenues of tthey Fund Practitioner Certification Exam, which offsets tthey majority of tthey loss of revenues from tthey SAC exam. In June 2016, tthey Company announced that it planned to explore growth opportunities in tthey K-12 education assessment and recruitment sectors during fiscal year 2017, and to invest between RMB20 million and RMB30 million in such sectors, which was not reflected in tthey Company's previously announced fiscal year 2017 non-GAAP net income guidance of between RMB27 million and RMB37 million. By tthey end of second quarter 2017, ttheyre has been approximately RMB11 million invested in mainly developing tthey K-12 education assessment item pool. Ttheir specifically focuses on mattheymatics, Chinese and English for students from Grade 7 to Grade 12 in China. Tthey Company had successfully delivered a trial test and assessment using our education assessment item pool in Tianjin for a selected group of students in public schools. Being highly appreciated by local education authorities, tthey Company will perform tthey formal education assessment for students from Grade 7 and Grade 10 in one district in Tianjin in early next January. We will continue to invest and work on tthey education assessment item pool and expect it to be adopted by more schools in tthey future. We have taken a prudent approach to record an impairment loss of RMB21.9 million on our investment in an associated company as its product development and financial performance have not reactheyd our expectation. As a result, we are lowering our non-GAAP net income guidance from previous amount of between RMB27 million and RMB37 million to of between nil and RMB10 million. With that I’d like to read a prepared statement from Mr. Kevin Ma, which they provided in detail of our growth strategy and outlook for fiscal year 2017 and beyond. We were pleased to continue delivering strong revenue growth in tthey second quarter of fiscal year 2017. As mentioned earlier, we continued to build on our leading position in China's traditional testing services sector along with several key and new exams launctheyd in tthey recent months. We have made significant achievement in expanding our test volume, geographic coverage in our major exams and tthey revenue growth, which offsets tthey loss from tthey SAC exams. Also during tthey second quarter 2017, we furttheyr progressed on our online education services sector. In July, we have started our online continued education training program for tthey professionals have already acquired tthey China banking association exam certificates and we expect tthey growth in such new business in tthey coming quarters. We raised our expectations for top line guidance to between RMB450 million and RMB475 million. Ttheir expected increase comes not only from tthey organic growth of existing exams, but also from new exams. In October, we were proud to deliver a record-breaking number of tests for tthey CPA exams, and we expect tthey revenue growth of CPA exams in tthey third quarter. In addition, we have successfully delivered tthey National Tour Guide Qualification Examination in tthey first week of November, which is tthey first time for ttheir national-wide exam by tthey China National Tourism administration. We are confident that tthey development of ttheir exam in our traditional testing services sector would contribute revenue growth for tthey fiscal year 2017. We would like to reiterate that our business strategy have been expanding our testing services to secure and maintain our leadership role in China. Explore opportunities in assessment, online training and recruitment areas during tthey whole business expansion. And invest in companies that we believe ttheyy have business synergies and will generate positive values to us in tthey future. Although we encourage our challenges along tthey way, such as tthey loss of SAC exams and tthey impairment on certain of our investment, we are progressing forward according our business strategies. Our first half fiscal year 2017 financial results and tthey upward revision of our full-year net revenue guidance supported. We anticipate a strong third quarter and look forward to sharing tthey results with you in November. With that operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Operator I would like to turn back to management for closing remarks. Stheylly Jiang Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us please feel free to reach out directly to us on our investor relations firm tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our third quarter 2017 financial results call. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy tthey rest of your day.