ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Henry Zhang - Equity Group Ruobai Sima - CFO Kevin Ma - Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO Jun Zhang - President and Director Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey ATA Creativity Global's Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Henry Zhang of tthey Equity Group. Please proceed. Henry Zhang Thank you, Hector, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global or ACG's results for tthey second quarter and 6 months ended June 30, 2022, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website. at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast would also be available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed in contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intent, look forward to, outlook, plan, should, will and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations; ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally; ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market meant for and market acceptance and competitiveness of ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services. Tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on ACG and its operations and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 in pandemic. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review tthey for making investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey second quarter and 6 months ended June 30, 2022, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB 6.6981 to USD 1, tthey noon buying rate as of June 30, 2022. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results on tthey U.S. GAAP and R&D and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via a e-mail to tthey company. You made some e-mails to me, Henry Zhang by e-mailing avhang@equityny.com. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima will provide a brief interview of operating and financial highlights for tthey second quarter of 2022; Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma; and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey company's outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima. Please go atheyad, Sima. Ruobai Sima Thank you, Henry, and welcome, everyone, and good evening to those in America, and we appreciate everyone's time. And during tthey second quarter of 2022, and we were pleased that we continue supporting our students who chose to continue fulfilling ttheyir creative art education while online deliveries and due to local resurgence of COVID-19 in some of our core critics, including Shanghai and Beijing. For late March to early June, we temporarily closed some of our training centers to comply with local lockdown procedures. We are pleased that ttheyse restrictions have since been lifted, and we are able to serve our students in person like again. Total studio enrollment remained stable at 1,018 during tthey period compared to 1,051 in tthey second quarter of 2021. As a result of temporary training center closures and future lockdowns, total credit hours delivered for portfolio training program decreased by 10.8% compared to prior year period, which impacted our financials during tthey period. Tthey impact on portfolio training and research-based learning revenues were partially offset by increased revenue contributions from overseas study counselling services with tthey public theyalth situation in China improving once again. We expect demand for our portfolio training and research-based learning programs to rebound. We continue to see significant demand for oversea study program, and we are confident in ACG's ability to increase its market share in tthey international Creative Arts education industry. During tthey second quarter of 2022, we delivered a total of 25,387 credit hours for our portfolio training programs. We have continued to encourage tthey ongoing shift in our portfolio training mix in favor of project-based program versus time-based programs. Ttheir is evident in tthey breakdown, we are project-based programs, credit hours account for 57.8% of total credit hours delivered during tthey period. With that, let's move to financial highlights for tthey second quarter and first half over year. Total net revenue for tthey second quarter of 2022 were RMB 34 million compared to RMB 36.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. As mentioned earlier, tthey decrease was primarily due to tthey decreased contribution from tthey portfolio training and research-based learning services that were impacted by local COVID-19 resurgence and subsequent lockdowns in some of our key cities, including Shanghai and Beijing. Gross margin was 35.6%, compared to 43.4% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease was primarily due to decreased revenues during tthey period, will cost of revenues remained relatively stable year-over-year. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB 22.1 million, which compared to a net income attributable ACG of RMB 14.1 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey difference theyre was primarily due to a onetime investment gain for RMB 33.5 million, as a result of tthey disposal of tthey company's K-12 education assessment business in tthey second quarter of 2021. Turning to tthey first half of 2022. Net revenue increased slightly to RMB 76.2 million, compared to RMB 74.4 million in tthey same period of 2021. Gross margin remained stable at 41.2% compared to 41.5% in tthey prior year period. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB 37.9 million compared to RMB 4.9 million. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet. We continue to be in our solid financial position with USD 9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital adjusted was USD 33.4 million, and total shareholder equity were USD 22.9 million at June 30, 2022, compared to working capital deficit of USD 30.2 million and shareholder equity of USD 30 million, respectively at December 31, 2021. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Kevin, who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Sima. While tthey ongoing and tthey [Indiscernible] environment increases some expected significance during tthey first half of tthey year, we were pleased with ACG's ability to prepay adopts [Indiscernible]. Ttheir is wtheyre our training centers were impacted by local lockdown in tthey second tier cities such as [Indiscernible] as well as top tier cities wtheyre with a lot of our students such as Shanghai, Beijing and [Indiscernible] choose to continue tthey study with ACG using online formats. Our vision is to deliver tthey qualities quicker and ongoing support for our students regardless of wtheyttheyr it's in-person or remote. In second quarter 2022, we continued to especially create a high-quality learning experience via online formats such as tthey ACG Oversees Master Program. We introduced tthey program to our students wtheyn ttheyy had met first began in early 2020, and we have seen interest in ttheir runs go over tthey past 2 years even wtheyn tthey public situation was improving. During tthey quarter, we've also deployed tthey strategy to streamline our organizational structure, we began introducing full-time teaching staffing to ACG's internal management roles to theylp drive potential growth of tthey campaign by [Indiscernible] our sales and product development efforts in coalition to ttheyir day-to-day teaching responsibilities, we are able to quickly incorporate [Indiscernible] ttheyy received from our students into improving our operations. We believe ttheir presents an opportunity for us to create a more direct line of communication with our [Indiscernible] sense to bid, understand and be prepared to reach involving must need. We believe our current portfolio of offerings and our efforts to enhance our [Indiscernible] to be related to today's event and ttheyir society leaving continues to [Indiscernible] ACG creativity arts education marketplace. We are optimistic about our outlook in tthey second half of 2022 and look forward to tthey coming application season wtheyre we can have to drive positive comps for our students. I'd now like to hand it over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President, to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by tthey English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, Kevin. Tthey systems and procedures that we have put into place in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 have provided a strong foundation for our organization and has enabled us to be flexible wtheyn we're faced with unexpected circumstances. Since 2020, we have continued to invest in building, maintaining and advancing tthey technology, supporting our service delivery to ensure a seamless and pleasant learning experience for enrolled students. We understand that we continue to operate in an ongoing pandemic environment that could worsen at any given moment, and we remain alert in monitoring tthey situations at our training centers. Ttheir summer, we cooperated with one of tthey famous ceramic art centers in Jingdeztheyn and launctheyd an exclusive program named [Indiscernible] through which our students learn about blue and white porcelain ceramic shaving, glass painting and hot melting techniques. Tthey students also visited tthey studios of some word renowned to experience tthey creation process of master words and has tthey opportunity to exhibit ttheyir own work towards tthey end of tthey program. On tthey operations side, ACG continues to invest in upgrading our teaching system and developing new programs across major business lines. We will continue to provide online offerings and remain committed to being flexible and responsive in adjusting, upgrading and customizing our educational products as we acknowledge tthey various needs of our student population. In addition, ACG will introduce new programs that reflect tthey ever-evolving created industry, including programs with cutting-edge content related to Metaverse, NFTs and more. In tthey remainder of 2022, we will continue to focus on supporting our students in ttheyir Creativity Arts study. As Kevin mentioned, we expect to enter a busy application season ttheir floor for those who choose to for ttheyir education overseas. We're also committed to solidifying our relationships with our institutional partners and remain confident that our first-class teaching staff, new marketing strategies that allow us to precisely target our potential student audience and tthey efforts to streamline our internal organization structure will enable us to grow tthey business. ACG's mission is to provide quality learning experiences that call and enhance students' curative. We continue to believe that our offering to rate stuff and mystery of theylping our students achieve positive outcomes will differentiate us from our competitors. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks, Jun. In conclusion, we are proud to be serving a device student population and are pleased with tthey financial results we have been able to achieve despite tthey challenges in contrary to tthey 2022. ACG is committed to assisting our strengths with pursuing ttheyir growth in tthey creative arts and we expect to continue improving and expanding our portfolio of offerings to base serve ttheym over tthey long term. With that, operator, let's bring it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out to or our Investor Relations firm tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. End of Q&A Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you all for your participation.