ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2020 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Scottyne Sohn - Vice President-Investor Relations Kevin Ma - Chief Executive Officer Jack Tung - Chief Financial Officer Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Good day and welcome everyone to tthey ATA Creativity Global 2020 First Quarter Conference call hosted by Scottyne Sohn. My name is Greg and I'm tthey event manager for today's call. During your presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] Now, I'd like to hand over to Scottyne. Please proceed. Scottyne Sohn Thank you, Greg and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global’s or ACG’s results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2020, is available at tthey IR Section of tthey Company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, expect future, plan, outlook and will include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's strategy of becoming a leading international education service provider, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, tthey benefits of tthey financial among acquisition, ACG's ability to operate efficiently and maintain continued financial strength under unusual circumstances, ACG's growth strategy and subsequent business activities, market demand for ACG's portfolio and training programs and ottheyr ACG's services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 outbreak on ACG's operations and ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 outbreak. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in tthey forward looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of new information and future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All US dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2020 are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB7.0808 to US $1, tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2020. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports financial results under US GAAP in RMB and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3 and management will be referring back to ttheir deck throughout tthey prepared remarks. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions through our webcast portal or via email to tthey company. On today's call tthey company CFO Jack Tung will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2020. And ttheyn ACG's Chairman and CEO Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Mr. Jun Zhang will conclude tthey remarks with a discussion of tthey company's outlook as well as its long term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Ms. Jack Tung. Please go atheyad, Jack. Jack Tung Thank you, Scottyne and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. Our results for tthey first quarter of 2020 were impacted by seasonality as a result of tthey Spring Festival holiday as well as tthey effects of COVID-19. Wtheyn we last spoke to investors at tthey end of March businesses in China were beginning to open and while cautious were returning to normal operations following tthey impact of tthey pandemic. We made a conscious decision to transition all Huanqiuyimeng’s coursework to a completely online format beginning February 1, as a measure of prioritizing tthey theyalth and safety of our students, faculty, staff, and employees during ttheir time. At that time, we provided all of our students tthey option to fulfill tthey classes online. On tthey portfolio training site, several students did opt to continue with ttheyir study, but some decided to postpone tthey coursework. Our educational travel services business was also impacted during tthey period as tthey majority of tours were cancelled. As a result of ttheyse theyadwinds, we reported an 8.7% year-over-year decrease in credit hours delivered for our portfolio training programs, from approximately 28,900 credit hours in quarter 1 2019 to approximately 26,400 in quarter 1 2020. We provide a breakdown of ttheyse credit hours and additional operating metrics on tthey next slide. Later in tthey presentation Kevin and Jun will provide an update on current operations and wtheyre ttheyy stand. As an overview, a credit hour is tthey standard unit measuring educational credit for our portfolio training program and translates into roughly one hour of time committed, wtheyn it comes to enrollment theyad count, a student maybe counted twice in enrollment if they or ttheyy enrolls in both portfolio training and educational travel services in any given period. Student enrollment for tthey period was 681, out of which 404 were enrolled in tthey Portfolio Training Program. Tthey Portfolio Training Program consists of time-based programs and project-based programs and we provide a breakdown of tthey credit hours delivered during tthey period compared to tthey prior year comparable period in our presentation. Revenue is recognized proportionately per credit hour delivered, however, as tthey actual credit hours of project-based programs are not predetermined, tthey progress of a project-based program which is measured by credit hours delivered compared against tthey total credit hours expected to be delivered as we evaluate it at each quarterly and annual financial reporting date. As in partial quarter three and quarter four of 2019, we continue to observe tthey same trend of students increasingly opting for tthey project-based program versus time-based program. We noted on tthey last earnings call that each program has its benefits depending on tthey particular students need. A student that already possesses some basic skills and wittheyys to only complete a portfolio will tend to favor tthey project based program, as it appears to be tthey less expensive option for completing a portfolio with a defined cost. Meanwhile, tthey time-based program caters to students that may want additional guidance and opportunity to work with teactheyrs with some basic foundation skills before beginning on ttheyir portfolio. With that, let's move to financials for tthey quarter. I wanted to remind everyone that for tthey results shown for ttheir period, we have applied acquisition accounting and made purchase price allocation adjustments PPA to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed from tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. As a result, certain line items will include adjustments from amortization of tthey difference between tthey carrying value in Huanqiuyimeng's book and tthey fair value assets from tthey PPA process applied to tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. I will highlight wtheyre we saw some impact on our financial due to ttheir PPA adjustment for tthey 2020 first quarter. Total net revenues for tthey first quarter of 2020 increased to RMB32.7 million compared to RMB1.6 million in tthey first quarter of 2019 as a result of revenue contributions from Huanqiuyimeng, which consisted primarily of revenues from Portfolio Training Program. NET revenues for ttheir quarter include a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB6 million. Gross margin was 35.8% during tthey 2020 first quarter compared to gross margin of 25.3% in tthey prior year period wtheyn tthey company did not have substantial operations. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment to net revenues, gross margin for tthey 2020 first quarter would have been 45.8%. Net loss attributable to ACG was RMB20.5 million remember for tthey period compared to a net loss of RMB12.9 million in tthey prior period as a result of increased operating expenses incurred related to tthey day-to-day operations of tthey Huanqiuyimeng business. Finally, we continue to be in a solid financial position with US$21.6 million in cash and cash equivalents on tthey balance ttheyyet. Working Capital deficit was US$13.3 million and total shareholders' equity which US$14 million at March 31, 2020, compared to working capital deficit of US$11.7 million and shareholders' equity of US$43.9 million respectively at December 31, 2019. With that, I would now like to turn it over to Kevin, who will expand upon our outlook and growth strategy. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Jack. Just unprecedented times, as Jack noted we continue to operate our business in ttheir new environment and focus on continuing to provide tthey quality art and creativity instruction to our students, enabling ttheym to continue working towards ttheyir goals even while much of tthey work that remains on tthey ttheyylter in place. We're fortunate to be in a solid financial position that will allow us to navigate tthey challenges business all over tthey world are facing as a result of COVID-19 for tthey amount of time it will take surface tests to return to new normal. ACG has a great deal of operating flexibility as our infrastructure allows us to scale to meet challenges in demand from our student base. We have been taking advantage of ttheir operating flexibility to streamline costs wtheyn it comes to teaching variability and associated teaching cost arrangements. At tthey same time, we're able to almost immediately remap to satisfy an increasing demand with students that had decided to postpone ttheyir status resume ttheyir programs once again. With regard to educational travel, we do know that many of our partner institutions will not be holding ttheyir regular summer programs which will have an impact on our business. We regret that. Our students will not be able to take advantage of our tours and programs ttheir summer. But we want to emphasize that tthey public theyalth and tthey safety of our students and employee is of tthey utmost importance. We are in close contact with all our partners. And we'll keep an eye on tthey global situation in tthey coming weeks and months. We're prepared to continue supporting our students we are on that platform and are looking into ways in which we can maximize tthey potential online technologies to grow our business and tthey base for students. Additionally, we announce today that our board of directors approved a share repurchase program, which will allow tthey company to repeat it to US$1 million of its issued and outstanding ADS from time to time in tthey open market and proactively negotiated transactions. Tthey play is effective now, through tthey end of tthey year. We are pleased that tthey board is shy of our confidence in tthey long-term growth potential of ACG's business and our commitment to building value for shareholders. I'd now like to hand it over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives for Huanqiuyimeng. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin, which will be followed by an English translation. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] [Interpreted] Thank you, Kevin. As you might imagine, our immediate goals have changed somewhat in light of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Improving our technologies has become a major priority as we are seeing that many students still wish to pursue ttheyir studies in art and creativity. We aim to provide reliable access to our best instructors around tthey country via remote learning platform while also providing tthey necessary academic and emotional support our students need to succeed. In addition, we have begun looking at how we can take advantage of online beyond a service delivery method. For example, we plan to offer online classes as trials that will allow students to get a firsthand sense of Huanqiuyimeng's offerings to generate sales. We plan to continue offering tthey traditional offline mode for portfolio training but are exploring tthey possibility of converting some offline classes to online delivery. Introductory classes that focus on tthey fundamentals tend to have a more standardized curriculum which lends itself to online delivery. Doing so will offer students added flexibility while lowering costs. Online delivery also offers tthey potential for expanded academic offerings and access to internationally acclaimed instructors who can conduct classes remotely without tthey need for travel. With regards to educational travel, we mentioned earlier that most of our partner institutions have cancelled ttheyir regular summer programs. We are working to develop alternative options for students ttheir summer, including online summer school programs, partnering with certain well known overseas art schools and institutions and newly developed art ttheymed domestic travel programs. Our sales pipeline has begun to regain momentum now that nearly all of our sales and marketing personnel in Beijing are able to return to tthey office. Some of our local offices have not yet fully reopened, but we expect ttheyy will in tthey next couple of weeks. We are well positioned financially and operationally to weattheyr tthey challenges businesses all over tthey world have been presented. We continue to push forward on our growth initiatives wtheyre it makes tthey most sense forging partnerships, improving our technology, and growing enrollments. In doing so we believe we will emerge as one of tthey largest providers of quality art and creativity education and study abroad experiences in China. With that I'll turn it back to Kevin, Kevin Ma Thanks Jun and Scottyne. To conclude ACG has a strong foundation needed to survive tthey current situation. We continue to look for M&A opportunities, but it's a slow process in a current environment. We have recommended a strategy wtheyn it comes to evaluating potential opportunities internationally, which is somewhat challenged inside of ACG and in person meeting prohibit. Above all we'll remain focused on serving students to tthey best of our ability and prioritizing well-being of all our stakeholders. I would once again like to extend my gratitude to all of our employees, associates, family and friends for ttheyir support during ttheyse times. ACG wouldn't be what it's today without you. With that operator let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Operator Certainly, everyone your question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] And as we do not have any questions that are coming in, I would like to turn it back to management for closing remarks. Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions call us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm Tthey Equity Group. We're always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you all during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Everyone that concludes your conference call for today, you may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy tthey rest of your day.