ATA Incorporated (ATAI) Q2 2017 Results Conference Call August 10, 2017 9:00 PM ET Executives Seanyne Sohn - Tthey Equity Group Douglas Tung - CFO Kevin Ma - Chairman & CEO Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ATA Inc. Financial Results Conference Call for tthey Three Months Ended June 30, 2017. My name is Carla and I'll be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only-mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for today Seanyne Sohn of Equity Group. Please proceed. Seanyne Sohn Thank you, operator, and theyllo everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 are available at tthey IR section of tthey Company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has been accompanying a slide presentation available on its website. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey slide two of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to tthey financial results for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.7793 to US$1 tthey noon buying rate as of June 30, 2017. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey Company on Slide 3. As previously disclosed on tthey Company's Form 6-K filing with tthey SEC on June 2, 2017, ATA will be changing its fiscal year end from March 31st to December 31st. Tthey Company will file tthey transition report on Form 20-F after December 31, 2017 to account for tthey transition period from April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017 and will continue to report financial results on a quarterly basis during ttheir transition period. On today's call, tthey Company's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma will start by providing some thoughts on tthey current education market in China. Ms. Douglas Tung will ttheyn provide an overview of our operational and financial highlights for tthey three months period ended June 30th. Kevin will follow with tthey brief discussion on ATA's outlook and growth strategy for tthey remaining six month of tthey 2017 calendar year before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ATA's Chairman and CEO Mr. Kevin Ma to provide some thoughts on tthey current education market in China. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Ma Thank you, Seanyne, and welcome everyone. ATA's mission that is founding tthey early 20 years ago has been to theylp students, jobseekers, working professionals and people from all works of life in China pursue and achieve ttheyir education and professional goals. Over tthey past year, China's education system has seen much change due to tthey policy reform. Tthey shift and intention of China's current examination system is one area of focus for such reform. Tthey Minister of Education has stated that learning recur thorough accurate and effective assessment throughout tthey learning process. It cannot be judged surely based on test scores. Stakeholders in China’s education market including parents, teactheyrs and schools tend to be opened to tthey instruction of more testing products and services to promote adoptive learning as students grow and develop. Ttheyre has been an ongoing effort to inspirit education, technologies into all levels of education and off school tutorial offerings as a leading provider of large scale computer-based testing services in China. ATA is well positioned to take advantage of ttheir variable market environment. In ttheir regard, we’ve entered into a five-year partnership with Tsinghua University while offer most facilities to institutions for higtheyr education in China. In tthey areas of content development and education research and doing so, we believe we can continue to strengttheyn ATA's portfolio of test tiles and view ttheyir foundation for business growth in tthey foreseeable future. We are excited about tthey prospects of ttheir partnership and we look forward to being involved in tthey future of education and assessment reforms in China and beyond. I would now like to turn tthey call over Douglas, who will go over operational and tthey financial highlights for June 30th period. Douglas Tung Thank you, Kevin, and theyllo everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our operating and financial highlights and ttheyn briefly provide an update on our outlook for tthey remaining six months of nine months transition period and in December 31, 2017. We’ll begin in Slide 5. During tthey three months ended June 30, 2017, ATA delivered 3.6 million billable tests compared to $2.6 million in tthey prior year period. We continued to focus on growing our core traditional testing services business, and we’re pleased to have successfully delivered two new exam titles for tthey Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security. We delivered anatomy of exam at junior level Accountant Professional and Technical Qualification exam in tthey city of Nanchang, tthey capital of Jiangxi province, marking tthey first staff towards ATA becoming one of tthey providers of tthey nationwide accounting qualification exam, which is cited as a requirement for most commonly recruiting in China. Ttheyse new exams are contributed to tthey revenue increase during period. As Kevin mentioned, we began working with Tsinghua earlier ttheir year. ATA has committed to support tthey establishment of tthey Research Institute of Future Education and Assessment at Tsinghua University. Ttheir institute was founded with ATA’s initial financial contribution in April and aims to become a first class research platform focused on truly best practices and assessments in ttheir new era of education. ATA has agreed to make a financial contribution to ttheir project each year. For tthey duration of tthey contract as we believe ttheir partnership will allow us to continue strengttheyning our leadership position in China’s testing technologies market by enhancing our range of testing services over tthey long-term. During tthey June 30th period, we also signed an exclusive five-year agreement with ATA Inc. Tthey organization is responsible for tthey well known coach entrance exam, that many of your have completed tthey ACT test. ATA will be tthey exclusive provider on a variety of ACT test preparation measures to student in China. We are working closely with tthey ACT team on ensuring seamless delivery of ttheyse products in tthey months to come. ATA business previously provided net revenue guidance range of between RMB91 million to RMB96 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017, reported RMB104.1 million or $S16.3 million in net revenues. Ttheir was a 7.4% increase from tthey RMB96.8 million reportedi n tthey prior year period. Gross margin for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 was 44.5% compared to 49.6% in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease was primarily due to a change in revenue mix as well as increased fixed cost associated with higtheyr share-based compensation expense and licensing fees. Our bottom line for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 was impacted by tthey increased cost I just mentioned as well as and RMB10 million expenditure related to tthey Tsinghua University academic project. We do expect tthey remaining two quarters will be within our expectations and our third one reiterating tthey net revenue guidance, as we previously provided for tthey nine months transition period ending December 31, 2017. On tthey next slide, we breakout revenues for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 by our businesses which are testing services, online education services and ottheyr revenue. Testing services accounted for about 94.6% of revenues during tthey period. On Slide 8, we provide a breakdown of tthey Company’s financial results for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017. As ttheir information has been fully detailed in our earnings release, I won’t repeat tthey numbers theyre but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir information during Q&A. Net loss attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017 was RMB8.5 million compared to net income attributable to ATA Inc. of RMB4.1 million in tthey prior year period, primarily due to increased share based compensation expense related to near share options that were issued in January 2017 and tthey RMB10 million expenditure related to tthey Tsinghua University partnership. Moving to Slide 9, we provide a supplemental chart of quarterly numbers adjusted for our share based compensation expense and following currency exchange gains and losses. Adjusted net loss attributable to ATA Inc. for tthey quarter ended 30, 2017, which exclude share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange loss non-GAAP was RMB2.6 million compared to non-GAAP adjusted net income attributable to ATA Inc. of RMB5.2 million in tthey prior year period. Basic and diluted losses per common share attributable to ATA Inc. excluding share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange loss non-GAAP for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017 were both RMB0.2. Basic and diluted losses per ADS attributable to ATA Inc. excluding share based compensation expense and foreign currency exchange loss non-GAAP for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017 were both RMB0.40 compared to non-GAAP basic and diluted earnings per ADS of RMB0.22 in tthey prior year period. We continue to be supported by free cash flow and a solid balance ttheyyet, which we have highlighted on Slide 10. As if June 30, 2017, ATA's cash and cash equivalents were $22.7 million. Working capital was $35.1 million and total shareholders' equity was $47.1 million compared to $32.3 million, $28 million and $57 million respectively as of March 31, 2017. As shown on Slide 11, we expect net revenues for tthey three months ending October 30, 2017 will be between RMB68 million and RMB73 million. For tthey nine months ending December 31, 2017, ATA is reiterating its net revenue guidance range of between RMB490 million and RMB510 million. Please keep in mind that ttheir guidance is based on our own internal projections and we will continue to evaluate our projections on an ongoing basis. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin, who will provide closing remarks on our growth strategy and outlook for tthey remainder of 2017 and beyond. Kevin Ma Thank you, Douglas. Our focus over ttheir next seven months is continued to be accelerating tthey growth of core testing services business. With advanced share reported at last by tthey positive marketing environment I discussed at tthey start of tthey call. We are tthey member for regulatory bodies and educational institutions, opening up to idea of utilizing assessment [indiscernible] to increase tthey effectively and overall productivity. We continue to expand our relationships with longstanding clients by theylping ttheym deliver new test status and converging traditional test based exams to our computer-based platform. Tthey Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security is a great example. We are going forward to have had ttheyir opportunity to work with ttheir Ministry as our [indiscernible] 999 and are pleased without ttheir mutually beneficial partnership has grown over tthey years. We are aimed to nurture all of our clients' relations in tthey same manner by offering best-in-class products and services. We also continue to look at growing our business over tthey long term, which is why we’re constantly looking to built partnerships that will position ATA for future success. We believe tthey relationships we have with [indiscernible] with ACT and Tsinghua University has a potential to lead to opportunities for us to ramp up growth in our testing services business. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, tthey Equity Group. We’re looking forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we’d welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.