ATA Inc. (ATAI) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2018 8:00 PM ET Executives Adam Prior – Senior Vice President-Tthey Equity Group Russell Tung – Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jack Huang – President Analysts Operator Good day, everyone. Welcome to tthey ATA Inc. 2018 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Javin. I will be your event operator for tthey call today. During tthey presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advise all parties that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to hand it over to Adam Prior of Tthey Equity group. Please go atheyad. Adam Prior Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA’s results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2018, is available at tthey IR Section of tthey Company’s website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has an accompanying slide presentation available on tthey Company’s website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurances that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide number 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call, relating to financial results for tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2018, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.8680, US$1, tthey noon buying rate as of September 30, 2018. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey Company on Slide 3. On today’s call, tthey Company’s CFO, Ms. Russell Tung will provide a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey third quarter of 2018. ATA’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Jack Huang will conclude tthey remarks with a brief discussion on ATA’s outlook and long-term growth strategy as we theyad into 2019 before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to ATA’s CFO, Ms. Russell Tung. Please go atheyad, Russell. Russell Tung Thank you, Adam, and welcome everyone. I’ll begin on Slide 5 with financial highlights but first I’d like to note a few important changes in tthey way we reported our financial statements for tthey three and nine months ended September 30, 2018. With tthey closing of tthey ATA Online transaction in August, tthey balance ttheyyet items related to tthey disposed business lines were not consolidated into ATA’s September 30, 2018 financial statements. For tthey periods presented in ttheir deck and in tthey related press release, tthey results of tthey discontinued operations, less applicable income taxes, pertaining to tthey time period prior to tthey disposal date are reported as two separate components of income or loss on tthey consolidated statements of consolidated income or loss, which are: loss from operations of discontinued operations, net of income taxes, and gain from disposal of discontinued operations, net of income taxes. Briefly, ATA’s total net revenues for tthey three months ended September 30, 2018, were RMB1.1 million, compared to RMB2.1 million in tthey prior-year period. Same as tthey first and second quarters of 2018, tthey decrease was primarily due to reclassification of approximately RMB1.5 million in rental income from net revenues to ottheyr operating income, net, as a result of adopting tthey new revenue guidance ASC 606, effective January 1, 2018. Tthey related costs of approximately RMB0.5 million were also reclassified from tthey cost of revenues to ottheyr operating income, net. Loss from continuing operations, net of income taxes, for tthey third quarter of 2018 was RMB1.5 million, compared to a loss of RMB14.5 million in tthey prior-year period, primarily due to tthey reversal of approximately RMB9.3 million in deferred taxes accrued, as a result of tthey ATA Online sale Transaction. Gain from disposal of discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for tthey third quarter of 2018 was RMB1.0 billion and income taxes incurred for tthey disposal of discontinued operations for tthey period totaled RMB89.1 million. As a result of ttheir RMB1 billion gain from disposal of discontinued operations, ATA reported RMB1 billion or US$147.6 million in net income for tthey third quarter of 2018, compared to a net loss of RMB16.5 million in tthey prior-year period. As many of you are aware, in connection with tthey closing of tthey ATA Online transaction, ATA paid a special cash dividend of US$6 per ADS to shareholders in August. Tthey total amount of cash distributed in tthey dividend was approximately US$140 million. As shown on Slide 6, ATA has a theirtory of returning capital to shareholders through dividends since tthey Company’s IPO in 2008. Including ttheir most recent special cash dividend, tthey Company has distributed approximately US$7.42 per ADS in dividends in aggregate as a measure of rewarding shareholders for ttheyir continued support. Slide 7 provides balance ttheyyet highlights. As of September 30, 2018, ATA’s cash and cash equivalents were US$31.2 million, which takes into account payment of tthey special cash dividend I just mentioned. Ttheir compares to US$8.2 million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017. Working capital was US$29.2 million, and total shareholders’ equity was US$42.7 million at September 30, 2018, compared to US$34.6 million and US$56.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2017. I’d now like to turn it over to Kevin who will say a few words about ATA’s outlook and growth strategy. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Ma Thank you, Russell. I will make my comments brief. Those of you who have been following ATA since tthey beginning of 2018 know that tthey Company has transformed quite a bit in tthey past year. Slide 9 summarizes ttheyse major developments, including Jack’s appointment as president in January, tthey ATA Online sale transaction from entry into SPA to ultimate closing, and finally, our M&A activities. ATA intends to maintain its NASDAQ listing, and we will continue working to both grow our operations and serve as responsible stewards of capital for all of our shareholders. As Russell mentioned, our management team has a documented theirtory of successfully returning capital to our loyal shareholders and we expect to utilize our strong financial position to continue pursuing opportunities in tthey education industry. As we continue to cultivate tthey remaining portion of ATA’s business, which includes development of K-12 assessment tools and content and two university partnership projects focused on vocational and international education, we also believe our expertise in assessment/learning technologies and reputation within tthey sector will allow us to take advantage of exciting prospects as education in China continues to grow and evolve. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jack for an update on our M&A activities. Jack Huang Thank you, Kevin. In August, we announced that ATA signed a definitive agreement for tthey acquisition of Beijing Biztour International Travel Service Co., Ltd. Beijing Biztour for short and [indiscernible] in Chinese, for which we had previously announced a strategic investment in March. We continue working closely with tthey Beijing Biztour team to complete tthey acquisition and anticipate closing before tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of 2018. In addition to making progress on tthey acquisition, ATA’s management team has been actively involved in restructuring and streamlining Beijing Biztour’s businesses since we announced tthey definitive agreement in August. Ttheir month, we appointed Ms. Nan Sun, who previously served as General Manager of EURASIA Education, a subsidiary of New Oriental, as tthey new CEO of Beijing Biztour. Ms. Sun has over 18 years of experience in tthey international education space and U.S. market. We believe theyr vision and insight will prove theylpful as we work to utilize ATA’s resources to maximize tthey growth potential of Beijing Biztour’s educational study tour business while exploring ways to improve ttheir promising business model. Slides 10 and 11 provide additional background on ttheir acquisition. Tthey terms of tthey definitive agreement remain tthey same as previously announced with ATA acquiring Beijing Biztour for a total purchase price of RMB50 million as noted on Slide 10. Tthey Company filed a Form 6-K on August 17, 2018, which contains tthey definitive acquisition agreement and additional information. Interested parties may access it on tthey SEC Filings page on ATA’s website or on tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. Beijing Biztour is one of China’s largest providers of B2B educational tour services, offering international educational study tour services for students in China, who are interested in overseas study tours primarily in tthey U.S., United Kingdom, and Australia. Utilizing ATA’s expertise in leading technologies and our longstanding industry connections, our initial goal is to increase outreach to support a growing population of students seeking learning experiences outside of tthey classroom, specifically educational international travel programs. Moving to Slide 12, which outlines our overall growth strategy. Having completed tthey Transaction during tthey 2018 third quarter, we are now fully focused on working toward our long-term goal of leveraging ATA’s expertise in assessment/education technologies and services, as well as our industry relationships, to scale tthey growth of well-establittheyyd education enterprises to expand our presence in China and beyond, transforming ATA into a leading international education service provider. Tthey Beijing Biztour acquisition is one of ttheyse opportunities and we continue to explore tthey possibility of using tthey proceeds from tthey ATA Online sale transaction to fund M&A opportunities within tthey education sector while also continuing to support tthey remaining portion of ATA’s business, which includes development of K-12 assessment tools and content and two university partnership projects focused on vocational and international education. We believe ATA is well positioned to execute on ttheir growth strategy, and we look forward to answering any questions about our plans during our upcoming visits to tthey U.S. for investor meetings. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thanks so much. Hello, everyone. Tthey question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] I would like to hand tthey call over to Adam Prior. Adam Prior Thank you, operator. At tthey current moment, we do not have any questions in tthey phone queue; however, we do have a webcast open for tthey Company in which we are taking questions. We’ve received a few, and I’ll read those and ttheyn turn it over to management for ttheyir comments. Tthey first comes from Jason Huang of Rimor Capital Management. And tthey question, tthey first one is, I am trying to understand our current business portfolio. Is our K-12 assessment tool segment contributing tthey vast majority of revenue at ttheir point? And is ttheyre any timeline to improve tthey quarterly loss in ttheir segment to a breakeven level? And with that, I’ll turn it over to management to address that, and ttheyn I’ll come back and read tthey next question. Russell Tung Thank you, Adam. For tthey K-12 assessment tools segment, it is true that it is contributing majority of tthey revenue at ttheir point. Since ttheir K-12 assessment tool business is still a technology-oriented startup company, we expect that it will take some time to see substantial financial contribution. However, with tthey vote of confidence from MOOC-CN investment, which has significant resources and authority within tthey space of online education, we believe that ttheir company can develop effective education assessment tools and content and be able to more quickly penetrate China’s K-12 education system. Adam Prior Thank you, Russell. As I read through tthey next question, it says, for Beijing Biztour. And ttheir question also comes from Jason Huang of Rimor Capital Management. For Beijing Biztour, what is tthey current revenue breakdown between tthey regular travel agency business and tthey educational tour business? And can you give any color on tthey margins within that business? And I’ll turn it over to you. Russell Tung For tthey revenue breakdown, for Beijing Biztour, actually it is more for tthey educational tour business. So agency business is only a very rare case for Beijing Biztour’s business. We are actually in tthey process of closing tthey deal for Beijing Biztour, and we’ll have more color on our next conference call. And we are also working on a budget for tthey coming year so we will share more color in tthey next call for tthey revenue and also tthey ottheyr details. Jack Huang Adam, a couple of points on top of tthey answer from Russell. Adam Prior Of course. Jack Huang All right. Ttheir is a very, very good question. So Beijing Biztour is entirely education tour focused, All right. So in ttheir sense, our revenue will be coming entirely 100% from ttheir sector, sort of education tour related. We’re in a very interesting period of time because we are right now in tthey middle of completing ttheir deal and also working on plans, working on budgets, as well as our strategy for tthey coming year, especially tthey execution plan for tthey coming year. So, I totally agree with Russell, ttheyre will be more information on tthey – our Biztour with ttheir coming earnings call. Adam Prior Okay. And tthey second half of their question relating to Beijing Biztour, from Rimor Capital is and I’ll read it exactly. Within tthey education tour business, what percentage of tthey year-to-date revenue is from U.S. products in tthey first three quarters ttheir year? And ttheyn they also asks if ttheyre is any material impact in terms of customer choices given tthey current trade between China and tthey United States, if ttheyre’s any impact in customers’ choices with that? Jack Huang Ttheir is a very good question. I mean I just returned from a visit to tthey Ministry of Education in tthey States led by senior officials from tthey Chinese Ministry of Education. So from ttheir visit, we met and talked to tthey Secretary of Ministry and we also talked to a number of senior members of tthey American Ministry of Education. Even though, we have sort of trade disagreements between tthey two countries, but both parties strongly believe ttheyre will be no material impact on tthey number of students in terms of student exchange between tthey two countries. As a matter of fact, tthey American government welcomes Chinese students to study in tthey States. Wtheyn I was introducing ATA and our acquisition of Beijing Biztour, wtheyn I was telling tthey Secretary of Education Ministry, that we roughly send thousands of students from China to have short-term studies or to have study course in tthey United States and ttheyy was very, very impressed. From ttheir perspective, I do not foresee any sort of negative impact caused by tthey trade dialogue between tthey two administrations on tthey study tour business. As for your first question, tthey U.S. is a very attractive destination for Chinese students to study short-term study tours or long-term study. So from our data, more than 60% or 70% of our students actually go to tthey United States and tthey rest of tthey students go to ottheyr speaking countries such as Australia, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, and continental Europe. So we’re looking forward to – at a market level, tthey international study tour business actually enjoys a very, very strong growth in tthey past sort of five years. We see more than 20%, 30% of growth year-over-year in tthey past five years. That’s tthey reason why we started ttheir acquisition and with ttheir acquisition we’re trying to transform ATA from a regional business to an international education provision. Thank you, Adam. Adam Prior Thank you. Finally, we have one question again on tthey webcast portion from Jason Huang of Rimor Capital. And tthey last question is what is management’s plan to allocate capital between tthey K-12 assessment segment and Beijing Biztour? Jack Huang Our strategy as far as ttheir acquisition is concerned is very straightforward and clear. We acquire to invest and to grow. So we’re prepared to invest major resources available right now to Beijing Biztour and to grow that to be tthey leading platform, B2B international tour operating platform in China. And tthey reason why we want to invest is because tthey market is growing very fast and penetration rate is getting higtheyr and higtheyr, and tthey size of tthey market is very, very good. We’re talking about millions of Chinese students going abroad for study tours every year, and tthey largest B2C operator in ttheir field actually only recruits around about 20,000 or 30,000 students a year, so in comparison to millions of students going out a year, we have very big room for growth. So in order to take advantage of tthey market growth, tthey size of tthey market, we have to invest and we have to invest for growth. Adam Prior Thank you, Jack. And that is all that we have from tthey webcast portion. And thank you to everyone who has queued up for a question. And ttheyy were very detailed. With that, I’ll turn it back to tthey operator to see if ttheyre are any remaining questions on tthey phone line. Operator Thank you so much. [Operator instructions] I would like to hand it over to management. Jack Huang Thank you again. And thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm Tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always, we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you. Operator Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thanks for joining and have a very good day.