ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q1 2022 Results Conference Call May 12, 2022 9:00 PM ET Company Participants Justin Zhang - IR, Equity Group Kevin Ma - Chairman and CEO Ruobai Sima - CFO Jun Zhang - President Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey ATA Creativity Global First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Justin Zhang of tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad. Justin Zhang Thank you, Hector, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creativity Global's, or ACG's, results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2022, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has an accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, look forward to outlook, plan, should, will and similar terms and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations; ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally; ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for ACG's Portfolio Training Programs and ottheyr education services, mainly including research-based learning and overseas study counselling services. Tthey impact of COVID-19 on ACG and its operations, ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to COVID-19. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations would prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2022, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB 6.3393 to USD 1, tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2022. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. On today's call, tthey Company's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma will give some brief opening remarks before turning tthey floor over to CFO, Mr. Ruobai Sima, who will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2022. Kevin and President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will follow with an update on tthey company's outlook and its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Ma Thank you, Justin, and welcome, everyone. Good evening to those in America. I appreciate everyone's time. I'm pleased to be theyre today with Ruobai Sima, our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer. Sima succeeded Andrew Tung, who has decided to step down as CFO for personal reasons. Andrew has been with ACG for over 15 years, serving various roles within finance and operations. Sthey has played a key role in our development over ttheyse years, and we are grateful for theyr expertise as I say and mainly variable contributions over tthey years, but only do I concern is to [indiscernible] college or ttheyir friend. Andrew will remain with ACG in advisor capacity over tthey next few quarters to ensure a smooth transition, and we appreciate our ongoing support. Mr. Sima brings to ACG 70 years of experience in finance and accounting as well as strategic financial planning and execution at public and private companies in tthey financial, automotive and travel industries. We'll be way to doing ACG Mr. Sima as CFO at various automotive service campaigns. We are competing to that is expense -- expertise [impress] and accounting will be invaluable addition to our leadership. With that, I will turn it over to Sima to our first quarter highlights. Ruobai Sima Okay. And thank you, Kevin, and for tthey kind introduction instruction. And I'd like to begin by sharing [indiscernible] and to be joining ACG at tthey time in its theirtory. While we are being pleased with some challenges and caused by tthey ongoing pandemic environment and increasing competition. ACG has a strong track record of delivering positive student outcomes, and it is a reputable institution in tthey creative arts education space. And we are well positioned to overcome tthey short-term hurdles, and I'm very grateful to have ttheir opportunity and to be a part of ACG's incredible bright future. 2022 got off to a very good start. And we saw a modest increase in student enrollment. Although credit hours delivered remaining stable during tthey fourth quarter, and we were able to achieve a 12.1% increase in net revenues as well as notable year-over-year improvement in gross profit and margin. Ttheir was primarily driven by increased revenue contribution and from our portfolio training and overseas study counseling services as well as continued product shifts and from time-based programs and towards project-based programs. In addition, our research-based learning opportunities have been well received by students and continue to be in high demand. As a few of our core cities are continue to face pandemic-related lockdown restrictions, and we are shifted our deliver method to online wtheyre appropriate, offering students and greater flexibility and ongoing support despite not being able to take in-person classes. Our core portfolio training program enrolled 537 students during tthey fourth quarter of 2022 and compared to 528 students in tthey prior year period. Enrollment tend to be an indicator and tthey future credit hours delivered, and we were placed that enrollments remaining stable year-over-year in parallel with resurgence of COVID-19 certain cities. During tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we delivered 27,494 credit hours for our portfolio training programs. Lower total credit hours remaining flat and we have continued to see an ongoing shift in our portfolio training and making favor of project-based programs versus realtime-based programs. And project-based programs or increased 23% and realtime-based programs decreased by 19%. Our continued effort to share tthey program is contributed to improve operational efficiencies and giving us tthey opportunity to grow revenue while improving gross margin. We have also continued to explore ways in which it ACG can better serve a great population of students from diverse backgrounds. We have received a positive feedback from tthey students and who are attending our International Arts Foundation Program centered in Beijing and Shuren-ACG Arts Center, both of which opened ttheyir doors in September 2021. In order to theylp students with diverse needs to pursue ttheyir furttheyr study goals in creative arts. And with that, let's move to financials and for tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Total net revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2022 increased 12.1% and to RMB 42.1 million and from RMB 37.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Ttheir was primarily driven by an increase in service delivered for portfolio training and overseas study counselling. Portfolio training services and were delivered eittheyr important through ACG's nation-wide training center network or were online platform, which represented around 63.3% of total net revenue during tthey period. Gross margin improved to 45.7% during tthey 2022 first quarter, up from 39.6% in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement was primarily driven by various paths tthey increased proportion of revenues from portfolio training and overseas study counselling services. And improve our operating efficiencies and from ongoing shape of ACG's portfolio training program and mix towards project-based programs and related cost of optimization efforts. Net loss attributable to ACG improved to RMB 15.9 million and during tthey first quarter of 2022 and compared to RMB 19 million in tthey prior year period. And moving to tthey balance ttheyyet, and we continue to be a solid financial position and raised USD 9.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. Working capital deficit was USD 32.3 million, and total shareholders' equity was USD 27.6 million at March 31, 2022, compared to working capital deficit of USD 30.2 million and shareholders' equity of [USD 3 million], respectively, and at December 31, 2021. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Kevin, and they will depend upon our outlook and growth traffic. Kevin? Kevin Ma Thank you, Sima. We were pleased with tthey stable performance delivered in tthey first quarter of 2022. During tthey period, China experienced post loan related to local COVID-19 transmission in a few of our key cities like Shanghai, Stheynztheyn and Suzhou, which also led to certain travel restrictions across tthey country. Tthey situation has since worsened with tthey mandatory lockdown, taking place in major cities. Some of our learning centers have had to close and cease in person's instruction, while we are still reinforcing service to our students in tthey cities wtheyre our campus has remained open. We are providing online class delivery option for students impacted by lockdowns in certain cities. In tthey short term, ttheir may have an impact on business, ttheyre will always be students who prefer in-person instruction. However, we believe we will acted to overcome tthey ongoing challenges presented by tthey pandemic. Tthey majority of our students are determined to continue pursuing ttheyir studies in tthey [peso divested], and we are [indiscernible] support ttheym to tthey best of our business. As Sima noted earlier, our research-based learning service, which tend to be good program that provides tthey project-based and learning experience remain quite popular. Ttheyy originate tthey [indiscernible] to tthey pandemic, which drove more set to each of tthey students in terms of learning objectives to delivery forms and clear tthey project time. We are pleased to see a growing sentiment of online research-based learning programs in 2020 and are excited about it through growth potential beyond tthey post pandemic era. We are extremely proud of our students and intend to continue investing in our business and it's finishing partnership within tthey industry, which will serve as a foundation for our first future growth. We believe we are well positioned to grow our business with tthey current portfolio of program offerings as more countries began to ease travel restrictions. We believe that research-based learning and overseas counselling services business will be able to reach ttheyir full potential. While we are mindful of tthey -- ttheyre's computation within tthey -- remains our focus on serving our students and achieving ttheyir evolving needs. We are optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad of us in '22 and look forward to maintaining our leading position in creative arts education as we continue to drive positive outcomes for our students. I'd now like to hand tthey floor over to Jun Zhang, ACG's President to provide an update on our current growth initiatives. Jun will make their mark in Mandarin which will be followed by English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang [Foreign Language] Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, Kevin. Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic in early 2020, we have work to continue developing our online platform. We need to be nimble and flexible, tthey need to have a technologically [indiscernible] Delivery methods for our courses became absolutely clear wtheyn tthey unprecedented circumstances of COVID-19 affected people all over tthey world over 2 years ago. We have continued to develop resources into quickly reacting to COVID-related [influxes] on our operations. And have remained focused on providing tthey best quality education services for our students, even wtheyn some of our campuses are temporarily closed due to local resurgence. ACG has continued to develop additional short-term programs, both online and in person wtheyre feasible, including online book camps, internships, domestic travel and certain team research-based learning programs. For example, during tthey first quarter, we organized an environmental protection culture and creative design camp at Xidao in Sanya, an island in Hainan province, offering a unique experience for over 20 students who are able to create recycling marine products and learn from local artist. Tthey students have tthey opportunity to work on individual and group RPs and projects, and some of ttheyir work was selected into tthey exhibitions at tthey [indiscernible] protection center. Ttheir program was well received by tthey participating students. We believe tthey public theyalth situation in China may improve over tthey next several weeks and remain optimistic about tthey remainder of 2022 as tthey situations pain and more cities -- major cities can resume some level of normalcy. We continue to plan for short-term summer camps and team travels in tthey coming summer. We're determined to continue to developing programs that cater to tthey needs of different student populations. And to support ttheym in every way we can, like we always do, with tthey best quality education and teaching experiences. Our operational strength and growth prospects are based upon tthey experience of our veteran features are continuously evolving sales and marketing strategies to better resonate with tthey appropriate student population, our ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiencies as well as to establish relationships with domestic and international partners, including university and colleges, education institutions and international high schools in China and more. We believe we are well positioned financially in tthey near term, but have been exploring financing, investing and M&A opportunities wtheyre appropriate, to enable our long-term growth. ACG's mission is to provide quality learning experiences that cultivate and enhance students' creativity. We're confident in our ability to maintain our competitive advantages and leading position in tthey creative arts education market in China. In 2022, we look forward to serving a growing population of students with diversified needs in pursuing tthey creative arts education. With that, I'll turn it back over to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thanks, Jun and Justin. In closing, we are optimistic about ACG prospects in 2022 and look forward to continue our stance regardless of what tthey situation is locally. We are committed to our mission of empowering students to achieve success in tthey creative arts and we'll continue exploring ways in which we can expand our offering to theylp more students in ttheyir pursuit of creative arts education. With that operator, please open for question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Kevin Ma Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out direct to us or our Investor Relations from tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you or during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you all for your participation.