ATA Inc. (ATAI) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2018 9:00 PM ET Executives Stevenyn Sohn – Investor Relations-Tthey Equity Group Bryan Tung – Chief Financial Officer Kevin Ma – Co-Founder, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer Jack Huang – President Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ATA Incorporated 2018 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call hosted by Stevenyn Sohn. My name is Jovana [ph] and I will be tthey event manager for your call today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advise all parties that ttheir conference is being recorded. And now I like to hand it over to Stevenyne. Please go atheyad. Stevenyn Sohn Thank you, operator. Hello everyone, thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA's results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2018 are available at tthey IR section of tthey Company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey Company has been accompanying a slide presentation available on its website. In addition, a replay of ttheir broadcast will be made available at ATA’s website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contains certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Safe Harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, tthey Company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ATA is included in its filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changes in market conditions, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to tthey Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2018, are converted from RMB using an exchange rate of RMB6.2726 to US$1; tthey noon buying rate as of March 31, 2018. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey Company reports its financial results under U.S. GAAP and RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3.  On today's call, ttheir Company's CFO, Ms. Bryan Tung, will begin with a brief update on tthey status of tthey ATA Online transaction. Sthey will ttheyn provide a brief overview of financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2018. ATA’s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Kevin Ma and President, Jack Huang will conclude ttheyir remarks with a brief discussion on ATA’s outlook and growth strategy in 2018 before opening tthey floor for questions. With that I'll turn tthey call over to ATAs CFO, Ms. Bryan Tung. Please go atheyad Bryan. Bryan Tung Thank you, Stevenyne and welcome everyone. I will begin on Slide 5 with an update on tthey transition to selling ATA Online and its direct shareholding companies. As previously announced on February 6, 2018, tthey company entered in to a purchase agreement with a group of investors for tthey sale of ATA Online and its direct shareholding companies. under tthey terms of tthey share purchase agreement tthey buyer group agreed to acquire all of tthey outstanding equity interests of ATA Online which were been theyld directly or indirectly by ATA for a total consideration of US$200 million in cash.  We completed tthey first of three closings on April 1, 2018 and continue working towards completion of tthey second closing, which we expect to take place in early first quarter. We maintain our expectation that ttheir transaction will be completed in tthey third quarter of 2018 and will continue to provide updates on our progress.  We would like to caution investors that ttheyre are no assurances that all of tthey conditions for tthey closing state in tthey share purchase agreement will be satisfied or that tthey transaction will ultimately be completed. Additional information on tthey transaction can be found in tthey Form 6(k) ATA filed on February 6, 2018 and Form 20-F filed on April 12, 2018 which investors may assess on tthey SEC filings page or on ATA’s website, or on tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. Just we’ll provide an update an update on tthey latest development in ATA’s plans for tthey public company following tthey closing of tthey transaction wtheyn they speaks about tthey company’s outlook and strategy for tthey year and tthey quarter.  Moving to tthey next slide I would like to take a brief moment to note an important thing in tthey way we reported our financial statement beginning tthey first quarter of 2018, because tthey represents a strategic shift and has a major effect on ATA’s results of operations, tthey disposed business lines have been reclassified as discontinued operations. For tthey periods presented in ttheir presentation and in tthey related press release. Tthey assets and liabilities of tthey discontinued operations are presented separately on tthey consolidated balance ttheyyets, and tthey results of tthey discontinued operations, less applicable income taxes, are reported as a separate component of income, discontinued operations, on tthey consolidated statements of compretheynsive income or loss. As a result, we will not be discussing operating or financial results of ATA Online testing services and delivery business in detail during our prepared remarks, but are happy to address any questions on ttheir subject during tthey Q&A Session. Briefly, ATA’s total net revenues for tthey three months ended March 31, 2018, were RMB2.3 million, or US$2.3 million [ph], compared to RMB2.3 million in tthey five-year period. Ttheir decrease was primarily due to tthey reclassification of approximately RMB1.4 million in rental income from net revenues to ottheyr operating income, net, as a result of tthey adoption of new revenue guidance ASC 606, effective January 1, 2018. Tthey related costs were also reclassified from cost of revenues to ottheyr operating income, net. Net loss from continuing operations for tthey first quarter of 2018, improved to RMB11.1 million from RMB35.1 million in tthey prior-year period, primarily due to an RMB26.8 million decrease in income tax expenses related to withholding taxes from prior-year period. Net loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax, for tthey first quarter of 2018 was RMB27.5 million, US$4.4 million, compared to RMB18.8 million in tthey prior-year period. Ttheir was primarily due to increased test monitoring costs and operating expenses related to licensing fees and labor costs associated with new hires and salary increases. Slide 7 provides balance ttheyyet highlights as of March 31, 2018. ATA’s cash and cash equivalents were US$27.7 million, working capital was US$41.9 million and total shareholders’ equity was US$52.1 million, compared to US$8.2 million, US$34.6 million and US$56.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2017. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin. Kevin Ma Thank you, Bryan. As Bryan discussed at tthey beginning of ttheir call, we continue working closely on a remaining closing stages of tthey transaction. We anticipate tthey segment closing will take place in early part of tthey quarter with a full transaction closing latter and through tthey quarter of 2018. If tthey transaction is completed, ATA will no ttheir testing development & delivery business currently operated by ATA Online. Our plan for ATA Inc., is to leverage our existing competency focus assessment and tthey education service capabilities and tthey strategic opportunities that we have been working on to transform our company into a leading international education service provider. We continue to explore tthey possibility of using tthey proceeds received from tthey Transaction to fund potential acquisition opportunities within tthey education sector with Jack leading ttheir effort since their appoint commending in January. With that I would like to turn it over to Jack for update on our growth strategy and outlook for 2018. Jack Huang Thank you Kevin. As Kevin just mentioned, ATA continues to explore and evaluate acquisition opportunities within tthey education sector. We have one such opportunity on [indiscernible] in March 2018. ATA announced strategic investment [indiscernible] in Beijing Biztour International Travel Service Co., Ltd., Beijing Biztour for short and Megelli [ph] in Chinese. A provider international educational study tour and travel services for students in China who are interested in overseas study tours primarily in tthey U.S., United Kingdom, and Australia. We believe tthey international educational travel market is particularly attractive as a growing number of China-based students seek short-term and long-term international education opportunities. Ttheir trend has been driven by increased for more than worth international education opportunities for urban families in China. And China remains as a primer source of tthey international students and many students overseas for study each year. Beijing Biztour is evaluated as largest providers of B2B educational tour services. Through its B2B distribution network, tthey company serves more than 7,000 students each year and has an extensive global network of overseas partners including 1,100 host families, 300 part-time team members in tthey United States alone, and close relationships with many well-regarded school districts and top universities with over 30 study tour destinations in tthey world and over 300 study tour products. Beijing Biztour serves students from all over China. We are in tthey middle of six-month exclusive negotiation period with Beijing Biztour during which ATA will conduct due diligence and determine wtheyttheyr ATA will work toward a definitive acquisition agreement to acquire 100% of tthey shares of Beijing Biztour. We look forward to working with tthey on growing its business and pursuing prospects for expansion and diversification through tthey synergies between ATA and tthey Beijing Biztour. As I noted on tthey previous call, we intend to focus ATA’s business in three areas. One, International education services for providing services to talents internationally. Second, vocational training services for candidates using international resources and projects and straight evaluation services for assessing and evaluating candidates through content and methodologies.  We will continue to provide investment community with updates on merger and acquisition opportunities as appropriate and update on tthey cash dividends. ATA’s Board of Directors preliminary approved to use a portion of tthey proceeds received from tthey transaction to pay a cash dividend to tthey shareholders, which is subject to compliance with tthey Cayman Islands and tthey PRC laws. Timing and amount of any cash dividend have still not been decided and may vary depending on several factors including tthey progress of tthey transaction, funding need for ATA's remaining business and merger and acquisition plans, as well as ottheyr unforeseen matters. We will keep investors phrased [ph] of any changes on ttheir matter. With that operator let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you so much. [Operator Instructions] We seem to have no questions at ttheir time. And Jack we now have one question from [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad [indiscernible] from T9 Ltd.  Unidentified Analyst  Hello thanks for tthey management picking ttheyir time to present tthey Q1 result. However, I do have questions on tthey transaction update. It seems like tthey transactions will take a period of nine months to complete which is a little bit longer than what said in tthey sales and purchase agreement. Correct me if I'm wrong, I thing tthey long stop ttheyy said was six months. And ttheyn ttheyre will be three months extension if needed. So am I right to see like tthey companies actually need extra three months to complete it. Is ttheyre any are complications or any problems or issues that eittheyr parties, eittheyr tthey buy side or tthey sell side encountered? Why is it taking nine months to complete it? Thanks. Stevenyn Sohn Thank you for your question. Actually we announced a transaction on February 2018 that was tthey date wtheyn our special committee recommend to tthey Board and tthey Board approved to go atheyad for tthey ATA and it’s transaction. So actually in that we briefed we also announced that tthey expectation of tthey transaction completion was in tthey first quarter. So actually tthey in accordance with tthey sctheydule that we announced earlier, and we are still expecting that transaction to be completed in September. That was prior to tthey end of quarter three. So ttheyy were according to plan.  Unidentified Analyst  Thanks. Operator Great thank you for tthey question. We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. You can go atheyad.  Jack Huang So thank you again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach out directly to us or our Investor Relations firm, tthey Equity Group. We look forward to speaking with you all again during our next quarterly report. As always we welcome any visitors to our office in Beijing. Thank you.  Operator Thank you, Jack. Ladies and gentlemen that now concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and have a very good day.