ATA Creativity Global (NASDAQ:AACG) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 29, 2021 9:00 PM ET Company Participants  Rogeryne Sohn - Vice President, Tthey Equity Group, Inc William Tung - CFO  Jun Zhang - President and Director Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings, and welcome to ATA Creativity Global Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Rogeryne Sohn of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Rogeryne Sohn Thank you, operator, and theyllo, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Tthey press release announcing ATA Creatively Global's or ACG's results for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2020, is available at tthey IR section of tthey company's website at www.atai.net.cn. As part of ttheir conference call, tthey company has tthey accompanying slide presentation available on its website. A replay of ttheir broadcast will also be made available at ACG's website for tthey next 90 days. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call and any accompanying information discussed theyrein contain certain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey safe harbor provision of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, expect, future, plan, outlook and will and include, among ottheyr things, statements regarding ACG's future growth and results of operations, ACG's plans for mergers and acquisitions generally, ACG's ability to operate efficiently and maintain continued financial strength under unusual circumstances, ACG's growth strategy, anticipated growth prospects and subsequent business activities, market demand for ACG's portfolio training programs and ottheyr education services, tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 outbreak on ACG and its operations, ACG's plan and anticipated benefits of tthey measures implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 outbreak. Although tthey company believes that tthey expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of today, those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual results to differ dramatically from those projected. Ttheyre can be no assurance that those expectations will prove to be correct. Information about tthey risks associated with investing in ACG is included in ttheyse filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which we encourage you to review before making an investment decision. Tthey company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, and changes in market conditions or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Regarding tthey disclaimer language, I would also like to refer you to Slide 2 of tthey conference call presentation for furttheyr information. All U.S. dollar amounts in ttheir conference call relating to financial results for fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2020, are converted from RMB using exchange rate of RMB 6.525 to USD 1, tthey noon buying rate as of December 31, 2020. All theirtorical conversions are accurate as of tthey time reported, unless ottheyrwise noted. Tthey company reported its financial results under U.S. GAAP in RMB, and all percentages calculated in tthey presentation are based on RMB, unless ottheyrwise noted. For those of you following along with tthey accompanying PowerPoint presentation, ttheyre is an overview of tthey company on Slide 3. In addition, we are more than happy to take investor questions during today's Q&A session or via e-mail to tthey company. On today's call, tthey company's CFO, Ms. William Tung, will provide a brief overview of operating and financial highlights for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2020. And ttheyn President, Mr. Jun Zhang, will conclude tthey remarks with a discussion of tthey company's outlook as well as its long-term growth strategy before opening tthey floor for questions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to ACG's CFO, Ms. William Tung. Please go atheyad, William. William Tung Thank you, Rogeryne, and welcome everyone. Good evening to those in America. We appreciate everyone's time. In 2020, tthey global COVID-19 pandemic presented a series of challenges to people and businesses at a level that nobody could have predicted. Tthey virus has had tragic consequences for so many. At ATA Creativity Global, we were very fortunate to have been in tthey position to navigate tthey changes created by tthey critical public theyalth situation in China in tthey first half of 2020. Having closed on our acquisition of Huanqiuyimeng in early August of 2019; our two companies had substantially assimilated by early 2020, wtheyn tthey significance of tthey pandemic is becoming increasingly apparent. Ttheir played a key role in our successful transitioning, of coursework to tthey online platform. We also work to upgrade technology systems that support tthey daily operations of tthey combined company and message of leadership in finance, management and analysis. We are proud that tthey team theyre at ACG demonstrated a strength and resilience under ttheyse unprecedented circumstances, putting tthey well being of our students and staff first by transitioning or investing coursework to online delivery in early February. And I would also like to applaud students, as well as tthey teactheyrs and staff supporting ttheym for ttheyir perseverance and dedication to tthey continuous pursuit of ttheyir creative education. Tthey public theyalth situation in China improved as we theyaded towards tthey middle of tthey year. And nearly all of our training centers were able to resume traditional in person delivery of coursework, by late second quarter. We did see that some students continued to push ttheyir coursework online, even wtheyn traditional delivery became available again, and we are pleased to continue offering online options for coursework, generally more introductory and lecture style in nature, which lends itself to ttheir delivery method and offers students increased flexibility. We have worked through enrollment deferrals and tthey more significant impact to our international educational tours and study abroad offerings due to travel restrictions as a result of tthey pandemic by developing certain domestic app ttheymes travel programs and online bootcamp alternatives partnering with well known overseas art schools and institutions. Ttheyse programs that were newly developed during tthey transitioning year are part of our research based learning business formerly known as tthey Educational Travel Business. We are pleased that our students have been able to continue ttheyir studies with a certain level of normalcy at ACT, especially during tthey busy quarter fourth quarter term, wtheyre many of ttheym are working to complete ttheyir portfolios atheyad of application deadlines. For tthey fourth quarter of 2020, credit hours delivered for portfolio training programs decreased from tthey prior year period, as with tthey preceding 2020 periods, ttheir was primarily a reflection of tthey continuing COVID-19 environment. However, ttheyre was a 2.8% sequential increase from tthey number of portfolio training credit hours delivered and reported in quarter three. We provide a year-over-year quarterly breakdown of ttheyse credit hours and additional operating natures on tthey next slide.  Student enrollment for tthey period was 1,122, out of which 636 were enrolled in tthey portfolio training program. Tthey portfolio training program consists of time based programs and project based programs. And we provide a breakdown of tthey credit hours duration during tthey period compared to tthey five year comparable period in our presentation. Revenue is recognized proportionately per credit hour delivered, however, as tthey total credit hours of project based programs are not pre determined tthey progress of a project based program, which is measured by credit hours delivered compared against tthey total credit hours expected to be delivered as we evaluate at each quarterly and annual financial reporting date. As I mentioned earlier, tthey fourth quarter tends to be tthey period in which we deliver tthey most credit hours as many students are working to complete ttheyir portfolio atheyad of year end application deadlines and while we did see a year-over-year decrease in credit hours delivered, we are pleased to have achieved sequential increase in ttheir metric since quarter one, 2020 wtheyn we began to see tthey initial effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic tech code. With that let's move to financials for tthey quarter. I wanted to remind everyone that for tthey results shown for ttheir period, we have applied acquisition accounting and make purchase price allocation adjustments PPA to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed from tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. As a result, certain line items will include adjustments from amortization of tthey difference between tthey carrying value in Huanqiuyimeng's book and tthey fair value assessed from tthey PPA process applied to tthey Huanqiuyimeng acquisition. I will highlight wtheyre we saw some impact on our financials due to ttheir PPA adjustment for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2020. Total net revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 increased 12.4% to RMB60.8 million from RMB54.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Net revenues for ttheir quarter include PPA adjustment increase of RMB6.0 million. Gross margin was 48.5% during tthey 2020 fourth quarter, a significant increase from 38.6% in tthey prior-year period excluding tthey PPA adjustment to net revenues, gross margin for tthey 2020 fourth quarter would have been 53.1%. Net loss attributable to tthey ACG increased to RMB24.8 million for tthey period compared to a net loss of RMB70.9 million in tthey prior year period. Ttheir was primarily tthey result of RMB30 million decreases in loss from operations and RMB20.7 million decreases in impairment loss of long term investment. Moving to financial highlights for full year 2020. It is important to note that results for 2020 include a full year's worth of contributions from Huanqiuyimeng while 2019 increase only about have five months of contributions. Total net revenues for tthey annual period were RMB162.2 million compared to RMB97.8 million in tthey prior year. Total net revenues for tthey period includes a PPA adjustment decrease of RMB24 million. Gross margin improved to 39.2% for 2020 compared to 36.7% in tthey prior year. Excluding tthey PPA adjustment in net revenues, gross margin for 2020 would have been 47.1%. Ttheir was tthey direct result of our internal cost restructuring and expense savings initiative to increase overall operational efficiencies to offset tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic have had on our business. And net loss attributable to tthey ACG was RMB92.2 million in 2020 compared to net loss of RMB122.3 million in tthey prior year. Ttheir improvement was primarily driven by RMB10.3 million decrease in loss from continuing operations and RMB25.1million decrease in long-term investment impairment and provision charges from tthey prior year. Finally, we continue to be in a solid financial position with US$17.3 million in cash and cash equivalents on tthey balance ttheyyet. Working capital deficits was US$23.6 million and total shareholders' equity was US$30.5 at December 31, 2020 compared to working capital deficit of US$11.7 million and shareholders' equity of US$43.9 respectively at December 31, 2019. Last night, our Board of Directors authorized tthey repurchase of up to US$1 million of tthey company's issued and outstanding ADSs from tthey open market and through privately negotiated transactions. As part of ttheir share repurchase plan, tthey company repurchase 450,337 ADSs at an average stock price of US$1.2631 during tthey course of tthey year, tthey plan expired on December 31, 2020. With that, I would now like to turn it over to Jun who will expand upon our outlook growth strategy and current initiatives before opening it up for a Q&A. Kevin unfortunately had an urgent matter to attend to and were unable to join us today. Jun will make their remarks in Mandarin which will be followed by an English translation. Jun, please go atheyad. Jun Zhang Thank you, William. I think most everyone is glad to put 2020 behind us despite tthey valuable lessons we have learned. I'm proud of tthey way everyone at ACG came togettheyr to overcome tthey challenges we faced and I believe our company is now stronger for it. We utilize technology platforms that we can now leverage as a delivery method for various courses and majors which will allow us to not only reach a wider student population, but also enables us to take advantages of our teaching resources making highly sought after teactheyrs available to students in our geographic areas who might not ottheyrwise have had tthey opportunity to learn from ttheyse instructors. We now have a more convenient and accessible support system for students and are also developing an internal system to more closely monitor sales leads. While ACG is known for tthey personal attention of its programs, we believe ttheir can also translate to online programs if executed properly. As tthey public theyalth situation in China remain stable. Tthey combination of being able to continue our traditional in person delivery of coursework, and serving students we may not have been able to serve previously via distance learning will theylp drive enrollment growth in future periods. Tthey work we did in 2020 has positioned ACG well to capitalize on our growth opportunities in 2021. We were pleased to see enrollments remain stable during tthey fourth quarter with portfolio training credit hours increasing slightly as many students work to complete ttheyir portfolios. Some students have already begun to see tthey results of ttheyir hard work as acceptance letters from some institutions that started to go out, but tthey majority will be in tthey middle part of tthey year. With tthey public theyalth situation in China effectively contained, we continue to offer in person delivery of coursework with an option to complete some courses online, and we are working to build out our online offerings. As an alternative to international travel, we offer domestic educational tours ttheir past year, one of which took place in Sichuan that provided students with a wonderful opportunity to explore and experience nature. We also offered online boot camps and internship opportunities. We continue to explore tthey potential of new offerings and are proud to have found opportunities to increase our growth prospects in tthey extremely unusual year of 2020. We believe tthey groundwork we have laid in 2020 will afford us many opportunities for future growth especially at tthey effects of COVID-19 subside with more and more countries looking to vaccinate ttheyir citizens and eventually reach theyrd immunity. It remains to be seen how worldwide travel will be impacted ttheir summer so we are planning accordingly and are looking to accommodate tthey high demand for and interested in studying abroad depending on wtheyttheyr partner institutions plan to hold ttheyir usual summer programs or a variation of ttheym.  ACG remain nimble and quick to adapt and we are planning atheyad to accommodate varying scenarios. As noted earlier, we are preparing to launch a new internal system for lead management and development which will allow tthey sales team to access centralized information. We believe ttheir will bolster overall sales efforts from all channels and allow us to take even greater advantage of our newer online and mobile marketing initiatives. If we learned anything from 2020, it was that technology is tthey absolute way of tthey future. In that regard, we are dedicated to investing resources to continue utilizing tthey best technologies and advancing our platform as newer capabilities become available. Ttheir will continue to be an important element in our growth initiatives even after tthey pandemic is behind us. Ttheyre's certainly value in meeting and interacting face to face, especially as a student that increasingly, we are seeing that a lot of interaction is just as effective and personable online in today's world of video classrooms and meetings. Regardless of mode, our goal is to ensure that students have tthey necessary access to tthey resources and support ttheyy need wtheyn it comes to pursuing ttheyir creative education. To conclude, ACG is optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad, we are hopeful to be able to put tthey global pandemic behind us and that tthey world will begin to open up again soon. We remain in a solid financial position even more so with tthey increased operating efficiencies gained over tthey course of 2020 and into 2021. I'd like to thank our students and employees as well as our associates, families and friends for ttheyir ongoing support. Everyone please stay safe and theyalthy. With that operator, let's open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator  [Operator Instructions]     Operator Ttheyre seems to be no questions at ttheir time. I would like to pass tthey floor back over to management for any closing remarks. William Tung Thanks again to all of you for joining us. If anyone has questions for us, please feel free to reach directly to us or our Investor Relations from tthey Equity Group. We are always available to speak to investors and look forward to speaking with you during our next quarterly call. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your line at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.