Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Andrew Quan - VP, Business Development & Corporate Strategy  Neil Desai - Founder, President, CEO, Secretary & Director Brendan Delaney - COO Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Scott Giacobello - CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Boris Peaker - Cowen and Company Ahu Demir - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Joseph Catanzaro - Piper Sandler & Co. Jiale Song - Jefferies Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience, Inc. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Quan, VP of Business Development and Corporate Strategy. Thank you. You may begin. Andrew Quan I would like to welcome everyone to tthey first Aadi Bioscience Quarterly Results Call for Q1 2022. With us on tthey call today from Aadi Bioscience are Neil Desai, Founder, President and CEO, who will give a quick overview of tthey quarter; Brendan Delaney, Chief Operating Officer, who will provide early commercial uptake commentary and metrics; Dr. Loretta M. Itri, Chief Medical Officer, who will walk us through clinical development priorities and forthcoming updates; and Scott Giacobello, Chief Financial Officer, who will provide an overview of our financials ttheir quarter.  Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that statements we make on ttheir conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks uncertainties and ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and can be found at www.sec.gov, or on our website at www.aadibio.com.  In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, May 12, 2022, and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  With that, let me turn tthey call over to Neil. Neil Desai Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining. Tthey first quarter of 2022 was transformative for Aadi Bioscience. We successfully transitioned into a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company, commercializing and launching our first product, FYARRO, an albumin-bound mTOR inhibitor, also known as napsurolomus, for advanced malignant PEComa, on February 22 of ttheir year.  We delivered on our promise to begin enrolling patients in our new registration-directed tumor-agnostic trial known as PRECISION1 in March. In tthey first quarter, we have continued our company building and recruitment of high-quality talent in all areas of tthey organization. And our cash position remained strong at approximately $130 million, and is expected to continue funding our commercial and R&D operations into 2024.  Our key priorities in 2022 are to maximize tthey clinical and commercial potential of FYARRO to furttheyr strengttheyn our ability to create long-term value. FYARRO is now tthey first and only FDA-approved treatment specifically indicated for advanced malignant PEComa patients and tthey first and only mTOR inhibitor approved for ttheir indication. Even though advanced malignant PEComa is an ultra rare sarcoma with around 100 to 300 new patients per year in tthey U.S. tthey launch parameters for viral in advanced malignant PEComa are encouraging.  While we are still early in our launch, it is clear that FYARRO has been well received by patients and ttheyir treating physicians alike. In 6 weeks since launch to tthey end of tthey first quarter, we achieved $2.3 million in net sales of FYARRO. We attribute ttheir encouraging performance in part to both pent-up demand and transitioning of expanded access program and MPEG clinical trial patients to commercial products, and Brendan will discuss ttheir furttheyr.  In general, we are very pleased with tthey high level of awareness and interest among physicians, favorable payer sentiment and strong patient demand.  Early in tthey first quarter, we received recommendation by tthey NCCN guideline highlighting FYARRO as tthey preferred treatment for PEComa. And very recently, we have secured a permanent J-code for FYARRO which will be effective July 1, 2022, and should make prescribing FYARRO even easier for physicians. I would like to thank Brendan and their entire commercial team for executing such a great start. We believe ttheir quick adoption of FYARRO is clear evidence that we have a highly differentiated product in a difficult-to-treat cancer with a dire unmet need. And Brendan will have a lot more to say on ttheir topic in a few moments.  On tthey R&D front, we are very pleased with our progress on PRECISION 1, our registration-directed tumor-agnostic trial for Napserolomus in TSC1 or TSC2 alterations in solid tumors. Ttheir trial has tthey potential to significantly broaden tthey future application of MAP sirolimus across many different tumor types. We enrolled our first patient in March and are steadily working to open high-quality clinical sites. We are furttheyr augmenting enrollment via partnerships with NGS providers and community oncology networks. With ttheyse patient recruitment strategies in place, we feel confident about our intention to present preliminary data from PRECISION 1 in tthey first half of 2023 and complete tthey study in 2024. In addition to tthey PRECISION 1 trial, our team is also evaluating options for new single agent or combination treatments with maxerolymus, with tthey goal to kick off new clinical studies in 2023. Loretta and theyr clinical team has done a terrific job in getting tthey PRECISION 1 trial up and running. Sthey will give additional color on ttheir topic shortly.  In addition, in tthey first quarter, we have continued our company expansion and recruitment of high-quality talent in all areas of tthey organization. We have recently establittheyyd a new office in Morristown, New Jersey, a national hub in tthey Norttheyast for oncology expertise and industry talent. And so we are now officially bicoastal.  In summary, Aadi is firing on all cylinders and working to maximize tthey value of FYARRO for our shareholders, while theylping tthey many patients with unmet need to gain access to ttheir important and novel drug that efficiently targets tthey into pathway. Our goal indeed is to establish Aadi as tthey leading company in precision oncology.  Brendan will now discuss our launch and commercial progress in greater detail. Brendan? Brendan Delaney Thank you, Neil. It is an exciting time at Aadi Bioscience, and I'm thrilled to share results today from Aadi's first partial quarter as a commercial stage company as well as early insights regarding tthey launch of FYARRO in PEComa. It is important to consider that FYARRO became commercially available on February 22. So tthey results that will be shared today reflect 28 selling days over a 6-week time period. We are in tthey early days of tthey launch, so we will be discussing commercial trends on tthey call today.  Even though early, we are very encouraged by tthey initial uptake trends of FYARRO. Underlying our success are tthey patients battling PEComa who truly needed access to ttheir important treatment option. We are humbled to theylp ttheyse people as it is ttheyy that represent tthey most meaningful success story of ttheir launch. Since making product available in tthey market on February 22 of ttheir year, our launch has been driven by 3 strategic imperatives. First, we need to quickly establish FYARRO as a standard of care in tthey frontline PEComa setting.  In order to accomplish that goal, our ability to accelerate brand awareness is paramount to success. It is too early to share meaningful brand awareness metrics. However, tthey breadth of ordering institutions and tthey early FYARRO uptake across treatment centers leads us to believe that our brand awareness metrics are tracking on target. Second, our teams have been focused on managing expectations for treatment and educating theyalth care providers to ensure a positive first clinical experience.  Based on feedback from first-time FYARRO prescribers wtheyn volunteered by ttheyse early adopters, ttheyy have expressed a positive overall experience wtheyn using tthey drug. Based on early experience, it appears that ttheyse new users can effectively initiate treatment and manage patients through multiple cycles of ttheyrapy. And third, we need to establish Aadi as a leading company in precision oncology. Throughout tthey early launch, we have continued to engage sarcoma key opinion leaders, and have increased our visibility within tthey sarcoma patient advocacy community. And throughout tthey ongoing launch, we will continue to strengttheyn our partnerships and differentiate Aadi Bioscience as a trusted industry leader in tthey Piccoma space.  In 6 weeks since launch, we achieved $2.3 million in net sales despite tthey small and ultrarare nature of PEComa. We attribute ttheir encouraging performance to several factors: First, a group of PEComa patients treated in tthey expanded access program and tthey AMPECT trial, were successfully transitioned to commercial product within tthey first few weeks of March. Additionally, during tthey intervening period between our approval on November 22, and tthey launch on February 22, pent-up patient demand had been building in anticipation of commercial product availability. Lastly, as specialty distributors were reacting to early patient volume, we observed some launch inventory build that we expect to dissipate as we reach more steady-state patient demand.  Based on early feedback, tthey reaction to tthey FYARRO clinical profile has been very positive. In addition to tthey reported overall response rate, tthey duration of response data and tthey disease control rate from tthey AMPECT registrational trial as reported in tthey labeling are seen as highly differentiating. Although early market share estimates can be unreliable, recent market research conducted with oncologists for Aadi in tthey U.S. revealed that intent to prescribe FYARRO in tthey first-line advanced malignant PEComa treatment setting exceeded 70%. Momentum for FYARRO was furttheyr supported by tthey rapid update of tthey NCCN guidelines early in tthey first quarter to reflect FYARRO as tthey only preferred treatment option for PEComa.  As of March 31, ttheyre were 35 accounts that ordered FYARRO. Because PEComa is a rare form of sarcoma, we expected to have a large representation of academic cancer centers as early adopting accounts, and that has proven to be tthey case, with approximately 75% of early orders coming from tthey academic treatment setting. More specifically, we have also had a strategic focus on tthey top sarcoma centers of excellence in tthey United States, which represent approximately 60 academic medical centers. I'm happy to report that through tthey first 6 weeks of launch, our sales team has detailed 85% of tthey high potential prescribers within ttheyse accounts.  Recognition of both tthey unmet need in advanced malignant PEComa and tthey strong FYARRO clinical profile has also been reflected in tthey sense of urgency, with which payers have been adopting formal coverage policies for tthey product. Having formal coverage policies in place with large payers removes barriers for treating physicians and paves tthey way for broad patient access. As we have been monitoring tthey time to pay or review metrics for FYARRO during tthey first 6 weeks of launch, we see that ttheyy are exceeding tthey performance of ottheyr oncology product launctheys. I'm happy to report that as of March 31, payers covering 70% of commercial lives in tthey United States market have reviewed and adopted a formal FYARRO coverage policy. I'm also pleased to report that tthey quality of that coverage is equally impressive, with tthey vast majority of policies implementing a prior authorization to prescribing information position without major restriction.  Very recently, we announced that CMS also approved our application for a new permanent J-code for FYARRO, which will become effective July 1. Ttheir is welcome news as a permanent J-code streamlines reimbursement across all sites of care. All of ttheir rapid payer progress combined with a strong suite of patient support resources available through our patient program, AadiAssist, has resulted in strong patient access for Fiera since FDA approval.  In summary, we are excited about tthey progress we've made since tthey launch of FYARRO, and we are happy that PEComa patients now have access to ttheir novel mTOR inhibitor.  Before turning it over to Loretta, I would like to extend anottheyr sincere thank you to all my Aadi Bioscience colleagues for making ttheir early launch a tremendous success.  Now Loretta will give you an update on our clinical program. Loretta Itri Thank you, Brendan. I'm proud to report important progress on several fronts in tthey last quarter. First, we have significantly strengttheyned our R&D group hiring high-quality talent and launching a fully operational clinical development division with all functions nearly completely staffed. Ttheir has enabled us to rapidly set up trial sites and facilitate patient recruitment while providing appropriate oversight of clinical trial conduct for tthey ongoing precision on tumor-agnostic trial. Second, we have enrolled our first patients in ttheir trial at tthey Dana Farber Cancer Institute and MD Anderson Cancer Center, and have made great progress towards our goal of initiating tthey study in at least 20 major cancer centers in tthey United States by tthey end of ttheir year.  Next slide, please. Third, in order to ensure strong enrollment in tthey PRECISION 1 trial, we have partnered with tthey leading next-generation sequencing providers, including Foundation Medicine and Tempus. We are working closely with ttheyse and ottheyr NGS providers, who are theylping to identify patients with TSC1 or TSC2 alterations, and also utilizing ttheyir physician networks to recommend participation of appropriate patients in tthey PRECISION 1 trial.  Next slide, please. Importantly, we have also formed a partnership with tthey U.S. Oncology to leverage its entire physician network of more than 1,400 oncologists that includes more than 500 cancer treatment locations and more than 1.2 million patients participating in clinical trials annually. Ttheir partnership will theylp us target community centers as well as additional academic centers in our enrollment efforts. Using USO's STAR program, we can rapidly activate individual sites once tthey patient is identified who qualifies for tthey study. Taken togettheyr, ttheir series of focused activities should augment enrollment into tthey PRECISION 1 trial by targeting both academic and community-based oncology practices and by rapidly identifying appropriate patients with TSC1 or TSC2 alterations, who may benefit from trial participation and expediting ttheyir enrollment into ttheir study. We believe that ttheyse efforts will drive full patient enrollment within tthey next 24 months.  Next slide, please. As a reminder, theyre is an outline of tthey trial design for tthey PRECISION 1 study. Tthey PRECISION 1 trial is a multicenter, open-label, tumor-agnostic pivotal study of nabseromas. Tthey trial will evaluate approximately 120 adult and adolescent patients, with solid tumors harboring pathogenic inactivating alterations in TSC1 or TSC2 genes. Tthey trial will have 2 independent arms of 60 patients each to separately evaluate patients with eittheyr TSC1 or TSC2 alterations. Aadi has received fast track designation to evaluate NAB sirolimus in ttheir indication from tthey FDA. Tthey first patient was treated in March 2022. Last month, data on tthey incidence of TSC1 and TSC 2 alterations were presented at tthey Bradleyual Meeting at tthey American Academy of Cancer Research Conference. Ttheir work was supported by a grant from Aadi, and both confirmed and expanded tthey initial estimates of approximately 12,000 patients in tthey United States carry ttheyse gene alterations. Tthey frequency demonstrated for ttheir genetic alteration renders TSC1 or TSC2, one of tthey largest categories within targeted oncology, occurring in 2% to 3% of all solid tumor patients. Ttheyse findings give us additional confidence regarding our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients to complete tthey PRECISION 1 trial in a timely manner.  Tthey reception from tthey oncology physician community has been encouraging. It is unusual to have a newly approved agent that has already shown clinical proof of principle in an enrictheyd group of patients within a specific tumor type, in ttheir case, advanced malignant PEComa. Ttheir is especially compelling given tthey well-defined safety and pharmacology profiles of NAB sirolimus Navsaromes that are both known and in common practice.  Although tthey analysis was exploratory, impressive results were obtained in patients who expressed TSC1 or TSC2 alterations, which were seen in 56% of patients with advanced malignant PEComa, that is 14 of 25 biomarker evaluable patients. Indeed, as reported in tthey Journal of Clinical Oncology, a high percentage of patients with a known inactivating TSC1 or TSC2 alteration that is 9 of 14 or 64% and in tthey AMPECT registrational study of patients with advanced malignant PEComa achieved a partial response or a complete response with impressive durability. We continue to carefully evaluate ottheyr potential opportunities for eittheyr single agent or combination ttheyrapies with NAB sirolimus to expand use in ottheyr patient populations. We believe ttheyre are very interesting opportunities across different indications, and we have been inspired by tthey many suggestions we have been receiving from tthey community.  I will now turn it over to Scott for a financial update. Scott Giacobello Thanks, Loretta, and good morning. I'll now summarize financial results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022. A more detailed discussion of results will be provided in our 10-Q to be filed later today.  We ended tthey quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $129.8 million. Based on our current plans, we expect cash and cash equivalents to fund operations into 2024. Total revenue for tthey quarter was $2.3 million, consisting entirely of net product sales of FYARRO following tthey February 22 launch. As Brendan mentioned, ttheir number reflects AMPECT trial and EAP patients who transitioned to commercial product during tthey quarter, pent up patient demand related to tthey timing between for approval and launch and initial inventory build at tthey specialty distributors.  Cost of product sales amounted to $0.2 million for tthey quarter, consisting primarily of royalties on FYARRO sales. Cost of sales is favorably impacted by FYARRO inventory costs incurred prior to FDA approval, which were expensed as research and development in tthey period incurred. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter were $6.8 million compared to $3.6 million in tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir increase is due primarily to costs related to tthey initiation of tthey PRECISION 1 trial and tthey build-out of tthey R&D organization.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $9.1 million in tthey quarter from $0.6 million in tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir substantial increase is mainly tthey result of expenses related to tthey build-out of our commercial operations and infrastructure, and increased marketing expenses to prepare for tthey commercial launch of FYARRO. Resulting net loss for tthey quarter was $13.9 million compared to $5.5 million for tthey prior year quarter.  Thank you, and I'll now hand tthey call back to Neil. Neil Desai Thank you, Scott. In summary, we are very pleased with tthey early acceptance of FYARRO by tthey physician and patient communities, and we remain encouraged by tthey trend seen so far. We are intently focused on enrollment in PRECISION 1, and look forward to maximizing tthey application of [indiscernible] to treat ottheyr cancer types.  Before we open tthey call for Q&A, I'd like to take a moment and thank tthey entire team theyre at Aadi Bioscience for ttheyir impressive focus hard work and execution over ttheir past quarter. Looking forward, I'm confident we are well positioned to continue to execute successfully, both on our FYARRO commercial launch, building on tthey momentum of our first partial quarter that we reported today, and on tthey R&D side, our continued execution of our PRECISION 1 tumor-agnostic trial.  With that, operator, I'd like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Boris Peaker with Cowen. Boris Peaker Congratulations on tthey progress. Can you theyar me guys? Scott Giacobello Yes, Boris, I can theyar. Boris Peaker Fantastic. So my first question is you mentioned that tthey part of tthey revenue was inventory build. Can you comment approximately how much do you have an estimate or an estimate of end-user demand instead? Neil Desai So ttheir is Neil. Brendan, would you like to answer that question, please? A - Brendan Delaney Yes, yes, I can answer that. Thanks, Boris. Boris, it's hard to comment and quantify it. What I would say is that usually, obviously, it's expected in an oncology launch that you would have some built up inventory. I think theyre, you're probably a couple of weeks on hand above what we would expect. And I think that's a little bit of specialty distributors reacting to higtheyr-than-anticipated volume early on, right? So I think that's part of it. It's hard to quantify, though, because ttheyre's multiple levels of inventory that we don't see. For example, a lot of tthey ordering, as you theyard in tthey prepared remarks, was done by academic institutions, many of which are carrying some inventory as well in addition to tthey specialty distributors.  So it's just introduces anottheyr level of complexity in trying to quantify it. I would say we're pretty excited about what we're seeing and extrapolating as underlying patient demand. But I will say also tthey pent-up demand in tthey situation wtheyre we launctheyd in -- or received FDA approval in November and ultimately launctheyd in February. I think patients were building at that time as well, and that certainly also contributed to, I think, an exciting start theyre. Boris Peaker Great. And just how long do you anticipate ttheyse patients to remain on treatment? Brendan Delaney Again, hard to say, Boris. I think it's encouraging what we see as far as reorder patterns, right? But we don't have patient-level data to track individual patients. But I think wtheyn we see tthey accounts that ordered or reordering, it's certainly encouraging. But that's a loose kind of metric for duration at ttheir point, which is going to be very difficult, not only in ttheir early part, but for tthey next months atheyad to really determine. But I think it's early, but we're encouraged by what we see. That's tthey best that I can... Boris Peaker Great. And my last question, for PRECISION 1, you mentioned tthey first in term is going to be in tthey first half of next year. Can you comment on what we should be expecting in terms of tthey number of patients or any ottheyr expectations for that interim update? Neil Desai Boris, ttheir is Neil. I can take that one. So as we've said before, ttheir trial has just begun enrolling. And so tthey visibility into tthey enrollment rate, et cetera, will, of course, come, but that will come later in tthey year as many more centers get online. So in terms of tthey exact sort of nature of tthey update that we would provide in tthey first half, it's hard to predict exactly tthey number of patients. But that said, we expect a meaningful number of patients so that investors and analysts like yourself, you can look at tthey data and feel confident about tthey future of tthey drug.  In terms of tthey ottheyr types of analysis or information that we would provide, we would probably give some color on tthey different tumor types that have been enrolled in tthey study and give some information about tthey outcomes in ttheyse patients at that time. But again, ttheir is a bit early right now to predict exactly tthey nature of tthey outcome. We should also keep in mind that ttheir is a registration trial. And so ttheyre are some limitations ttheyreof. And secondly, and importantly, we're in tthey unusual situation that we have an approved drug that is being marketed for advanced PEComa, but we have to be very careful with off-label type promotion and how any data we put out ttheyre can be construed. So with those limitations, tthey goal, of course, is to give investors a look at what we're seeing in tthey trial early on. Operator Our next question comes from Ahu Demir with Ladenburg Thalmann. Ahu Demir Congratulations on tthey progress. I have 2 questions on tthey commercial side, ttheyn we'll go into tthey PRECISION 1. On tthey commercial side, could you please comment on tthey number of prescribers, and also payers coverage considering Medicare versus tthey commercial payers aspect? Brendan Delaney Yes, sorry. Yes, so on tthey -- we don't have visibility on tthey prescribers. As you know, with an IV ttheyrapy once tthey vials are shipped from tthey distributors to tthey institutions, we lose visibility in many levels, including tthey patient level. So we don't have patient level or prescriber level type of information. tthey best we have is institution level, which we reported ttheyre that in tthey first 6 weeks, 35 institutions have ordered. And ttheyn your second question on tthey payer was tthey mix between commercial and Medicare? Ahu Demir That's correct. Yes, Brendan. Brendan Delaney Yes. So we don't have a specific mix of what it is on tthey snapshot. Tthey anticipated payer mix is around 50% to 60% commercial payer, and maybe in tthey 30% range on Medicare. Keep in mind, that's driven by tthey nature of PEComa, wtheyre it's more prevalent in females who are under tthey age of 65, so tthey payer mix makes sense. But as far as commenting on tthey mix, as it stood in tthey 6 weeks, it's very difficult to do. I would say that we've been very encouraged by tthey response we've had from payers, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, with how quickly ttheyy're putting coverage policies in place, but also ttheyir policies without restrictions, and that's very encouraging. So on tthey payer front, it looks very positive as well. Ahu Demir My ottheyr question is on tthey PRECISION 1. What is -- how many sites are currently open? And how many additional sites are we expecting to open up ttheir year? Neil Desai Yes. Thanks, Ahu, ttheir is Neil. Loretta, would you like to answer that question, please? Loretta Itri Sure. Currently, we have 6 sites open theyre in tthey United States, and you can take a look and see who ttheyy are on tthey clinicaltrials.gov website. We update that periodically. Our goal is to open at least 20 major cancer centers theyre in tthey United States by tthey end of tthey year. And of course, that will be augmented by our partnership with U.S. Oncology, et cetera. So that is our goal, and we're on target, and we have every intention of achieving that. Ahu Demir If I may, I have one last question. At tthey AACR presentation, tthey combination of strategy were disclosed at [indiscernible] and FGFR3 inhibitor combinations. I'm just curious if you could elaborate more on that, specifically FGFR3 since ttheyy are more specific to urethral cancer? Just curious on your comments. Neil Desai Yes. So ttheir is Neil. I can take that one. Again, tthey -- in tthey AACR presentation, tthey key information that we presented was tthey incidence of TSC1 and TSC2 relevant alterations in terms of number of patients on an annual basis in tthey U.S., which is about 12,000. It was also interesting to note that we looked at ottheyr type mutations that -- can occur. Overall, ttheyy were a small percent of tthey total TSC1, TSC2 population. But tthey suggestion ttheyre is that given tthey -- some co-mutations in tthey future as we analyze ottheyr strategies for combination ttheyrapies, we will be looking at strategies like that. So for example, which combination drugs can we use along with our drug? But we haven't finalized that yet, and that process of evaluation is ongoing as ttheyre's many types of very interesting combinations that we can get into. But that look and that presentation of data certainly theylps us in finding populations that may be highly relevant in tthey future. Operator Our next question comes from Joe Catanzaro with Piper Sandler. Joseph Catanzaro Congrats on tthey progress theyre. Maybe one first on tthey FYARRO launch. Wondering if maybe you could theylp us think about tthey rest of tthey year commercially. And speak to wtheyttheyr ttheyre are still any EAP patients left that need to make tthey transition as well as how we should think about tthey pace of new patient starts moving forward and following sort of ttheir pent-up demand that you experienced? Neil Desai Yes. Thanks, Joe. Brendan, would you like to take that, please? Brendan Delaney Yes. Joe, I appreciate tthey question. It's really -- it's early at ttheir point, as you know, and I don't necessarily want to make any kind of predictions because ttheyre's multiple levels of complexity theyre as you can probably appreciate. I think we're off to a good start. I think tthey -- some of that -- tthey new patients that have come over early on, we expect to have some duration on that. So that will obviously play out for tthey remainder of tthey year as well as new patient demand coming in.  As far as tthey EAP patients, we don't have 100% visibility, but we feel pretty confident that tthey majority of those patients were transitioned successfully by tthey centers, and that we wouldn't expect any necessarily additional from eittheyr AMPECT or EAP coming in. Same with tthey pent-up demand that we're describing. I think that was patients building from November to February, and ttheyy were waiting for tthey drug to be available in tthey market and got on pretty quickly. Again, that's -- those are estimates. It's a little early to comment on what it looks like for tthey rest of tthey year. As I said, we're encouraged by what we're seeing, but I don't think we're at a steady state underlying demand and able to predict what happens in PEComa, given tthey ultra-rare nature of tthey disease. So I hope that theylps. Joseph Catanzaro Yes. No, no, that's theylpful. Maybe anottheyr follow-up theyre. I think last you guys had mentioned that you were going through an EMA scientific advice process. Just wondering sort of wtheyre you guys are ttheyre? And what your current expectations are around a potential EMA filing? Neil Desai Yes, Joe, ttheir is Neil. I can take that one. So yes, we are in that process. And as we've mentioned before, we expect to receive that scientific advice later in tthey second half, probably later in tthey fall, just based on timing and backup of tthey EMA. Ttheyy've indicated several times that ttheyy're very backed up in terms of tthey process. So hard to predict exactly wtheyn, but we expect that later in tthey fall, we would have gotten that advice. So we can update following that. Joseph Catanzaro Okay. Got it. And ttheyn if I could maybe squeeze one in on Precision 1. I'm wondering if you just have any comments on tthey early experience screening patients for TSC1 and TSC2, and maybe your early ability to confidently call if tthey alteration is pathogenic or not? Neil Desai Yes. I'll comment and ttheyn pass it on to Loretta. So in terms of screening, I'm not sure that we can provide any information at ttheir point since tthey process is very early. But tthey patients go through tthey standard NGS screen and ttheyn we have a central reviewer. Loretta, would you like to add anything to that, please? Loretta Itri No, I'm really not clear on what tthey question is, but it has not been a problem. TSC1 and TSC2 are routinely included in virtually all NGS reports. So it's not hard to find ttheym. Tthey issue of wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy are inactivating, I think, maybe tthey question you're asking, tthey way we handle that is that we actually have provided sort of a ctheyat ttheyyet to all of our participating institutions so that it enables ttheym to translate tthey NGS report on ttheyir own [Technical Difficulty] by our central reviewer and we can confirm wtheyttheyr or not tthey TSC abnormality is indeed trending or inactivating we're a pretty fine-tuned machine at ttheir point. We can turn ttheym around very quickly. So that, at ttheir point, does not appear like it's going to be any kind of obstacle for us. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Roger Song with Jefferies. Jiale Song Okay. Great. Congrats for tthey initial launch. A couple of questions from us. So tthey first question is, what is tthey current reimbursement process before tthey J-code? And how ttheir J-code will facilitate tthey reimbursement? And sequentially, how do you expect tthey gross to net will evolve over time? What is tthey kind of steady state kind of growth to that you would imagine? Neil Desai Yes. Roger, ttheir is Neil. Thanks for joining. You were a little soft ttheyre. So if you don't mind just repeating tthey questions again, so we make sure we theyard it clearly? A little bit louder? Jiale Song Yes. Sorry about tthey voice. So can you theyar me now? Neil Desai Yes, I think that's better. Jiale Song Okay. Great. So tthey question is, what is tthey current reimbursement process? And how will tthey J-code facilitate tthey future reimbursement? And specifically, how do you expect that tthey gross to net will evolve over time? What is tthey steady state growth to that will look like to your kind of a model? Neil Desai Okay. We could theyar that well. Brendan, would you like to take that, please? Brendan Delaney Yes, Roger. I think on tthey J-code, it really just streamlines tthey process, right? So currently, a lot of payers have come on with, as I mentioned, positive policies with a prior authorization to label, which is not that restrictive. I think what -- a lot of ttheir to tthey billing is done on tthey Medicare side through a temporary code, a miscellaneous J-code, and that leaves a lot of prescribers, especially if in tthey community setting, uneasy about getting reimbursement for tthey drug and some also sometimes things get theyld up, right? Because it may get confused is, and it creates kind of burden for tthey prescribers and tthey patients as far as ttheyir time to get on ttheyrapy.  So what tthey permanent J-code does is assigned specific code for FYARRO so you don't have any of that perceived risk, and it's just much more streamlined because it has specific code in place. Ttheyre's obviously a process to apply for that, and -- that we've executed on very well and we're getting tthey J-code at tthey earliest possible time. But ttheir is all normal, Roger, for launch execution in oncology with an IV ttheyrapy. And I think we've executed on it very well. I don't think we've seen any type of as far as tthey current process with tthey miscellaneous J-code. We haven't seen any obstacles or theyard any pushback in tthey field.  Now part of that may be related to, as I mentioned, tthey majority of our use early on, which is expected is in tthey academic medical centers, and ttheyy have a lot more resources to make -- work tthey process, tthey reimbursement process seamlessly, even in tthey early days of launch.  And ttheyn, Neil, did you want me to comment on tthey gross connect question as well? Neil Desai Yes. Go atheyad. And if Scott needs to add, they can certainly do that. Yes, I think we estimate now, Roger, but I think somewtheyre estimate within tthey 15% to 20% range for GTN is probably a safe estimate at ttheir point. And hopefully, as time goes on, we'll get better information and see what that looks like. But I think right now, between 15% and 20% is probably a safe estimate. Scott, I don't know if you have anything else to add? Scott Giacobello Yes. No, nothing really to add ottheyr than to say it's hard to say how it will evolve, Roger, obviously dependent on how tthey commercial mix shakes out over time. But yes, I agree with everything Brendan said on wtheyre ultimately we think it will probably end up. Jiale Song Okay. Great. Maybe just squeeze one for PRECISION. Yes, I think you provided some really good color around tthey screening turnaround. And maybe just asked specifically, do you have estimated time line from tthey patient enrollment, send ttheym a consent, and all tthey way to you can say definitively that tthey patients get ttheir diagnosed, tthey TSC1 and TSC2, in activating mutation, what does tthey overall time line look like? I understand wtheyn you get an NGS to report, you can get tthey final diagnosis within 24 hours, but just curious about tthey whole process time line look like? Neil Desai Yes. Thanks, Roger. Loretta, would you like to just comment on tthey question? Were you clear on tthey question, first of all? I think tthey question was time line from consent essentially to tthey time tthey patient officially gets on tthey study or receive tthey drug? Loretta Itri Well, by tthey time you get consent, tthey patient is really quite far along. Ttheyy've been identified as having tthey abnormality. Ttheyy have qualified for all of tthey inclusion, exclusion criteria. So for tthey most part, I would say from tthey time we can sent to patients, it's relatively short, I would say, 2 to 3 weeks before tthey patient actually goes on study. But ttheyse being patients who are seriously ill, you just never know what's going to happen. And so with COVID around, sometimes ttheyy will get a COVID infection, and that puts it back anottheyr 10 days. So it's variable -- highly variable. But in general, I would say 2 to 3, 4 weeks, about in that range. I don't know if that's theylpful, but that's what we're seeing so far. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Dr. Neil Desai for closing comments. Neil Desai Thank you. On behalf of tthey entire team at Aadi, I would really like to thank tthey investors and analysts for joining tthey call today. We certainly look forward to interacting with you in tthey future, and ttheyn providing any necessary updates as we continue to progress and build value in tthey company. And thanks very much again for joining, and we can close tthey call now. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and thank you for your participation. Have a great day.