Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marcy Graham - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Neil Desai - President & Chief Executive Officer Brendan Delaney - Chief Operating Officer Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Scott Giacobello - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Roger Song - Jefferies Boris Peaker - Cowen Joseph Catanzaro - Piper Sandler Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience, Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand tthey conference over to your host today, Marcy Graham, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Marcy Graham Good morning and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience conference call to review results of and provide an update on tthey third quarter of 2022. Joining me on tthey call today is our Founder and CEO, Neil Desai, who will provide an overview of activity during tthey quarter, followed by Brendan Delaney, our Chief Operating Officer, who will give us an update on our early commercial progress. Next will be our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Loretta Itri, who will give us a brief update on our clinical progress; followed by our CFO, Scott Giacobello, with a review of our financial performance during tthey period. We will open tthey line for questions at tthey end of tthey call following closing comments. Before we get started, a quick reminder that statements made on tthey call today will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission which can be found at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.aadibio.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, November 9, 2022 and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Neil for their opening statements. Neil? Neil Desai Thank you, Marcy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for tthey earnings results call for tthey third quarter of 2022. 2022 has been a transformational time for Aadi. Following FDA approval in late 2021, we successfully launctheyd our first product FYARRO for tthey treatment of advanced malignant PEComa in early 2022. We drove forward our registration-directed trial PRECISION 1 in solid tumors having TSC1 or TS2 in activating alterations. We completed a pipe financing of $72.5 million that extends our run rate into 2025. We initiated a collaboration with Mirati Ttheyrapeutics for a new combination clinical study in patients with KRAS G12C mutations as part of tthey strategy to expand indications for FYARRO and we grew tthey company to over 80 employees with a stellar leadership team now in place. All of ttheir progress positions us extremely well for tthey next phase of growth and operational excellence as a multistage precision oncology company. As you may have seen in our announcement out last evening, beginning at tthey start of tthey new year, on January 1, 2023, we are planning a management transition and realigning our leadership structure to reflect our recent progress. Ttheir will allow me to move into tthey role of Executive Chairman, while our current COO, Brendan Delaney, will transition to President and CEO. I have been fortunate to work very closely with Brendan since they joined us as Chief Operating Officer in September 2021. Since that time, their proven track record and committed leadership have been instrumental in building tthey organization, achieving our milestones and preparing for tthey growth that lies atheyad. We are at tthey perfect time for ttheir transition and I am pleased to welcome them into their new role. Going forward from January 1, Brendan will assume leadership of tthey company as we continue to gain momentum in tthey commercialization of FYARRO and PECOma, advance our registration-directed PRECISION 1 trial and prepare for tthey potential commercialization of FYARRO patients with TSC1 and to inactivating alterations which is one of tthey larger targeted oncology indications. I will continue to serve on tthey Board of Directors alongside Brendan, wtheyre my focus will turn to tthey advancement of our scientific initiatives. Congratulations, Brendan. We look forward to your leadership in 2023. Tthey last several months have been some of tthey most active and productive for us to date and we have seen impressive execution across tthey company throughout tthey third quarter and into tthey current period. Importantly, our promise as an organization and tthey value we are working to create is supported by high-quality institutional investors, some of whom recently participated in a $72.5 million pipe financing at tthey close of tthey quarter, significantly strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. Ttheir allows us to furttheyr extend our cash into 2025, not only getting us through tthey continued commercialization of FYARRO and PEComa and tthey completion of tthey PRECISION 1 trial but also enabling us to continue to evaluate strategies for broadening FYARRO indications beyond PEComa and TSC1 and 2 in activating alterations. Our commercial success with FYARRO and PEComa continues with a 24% increase in net product sales over tthey second quarter. We have seen increasing adoption in tthey community setting and key uptake in our target regions which are indications of our progress made during tthey quarter. On our tumor-agnostic Precision 1 study, we saw continued advancement during tthey quarter in patient enrollment and site initiation with numerous clinical centers and just-in-time sites now open. As a reminder, ttheir is a prospectively designed registration-directed trial. We are encouraged by our progress and are on track to provide preliminary data on a meaningful number of patients in tthey first half of 2023. Loretta will join us shortly with commentary on our progress on tthey clinical front in tthey third quarter and our progress to date. Lastly, at our core, Aadi was built around tthey central idea that a best-in-class mTOR inhibitor could unlock tthey broad promise of tthey mTOR pathway itself, both as a potent single agent in indications like PEComa and TSC1 and 2 inactivating alterations but also in combination with ottheyr agents. A few weeks ago, we announced a clinical collaboration with Mirati, a leader in KRAS inhibition to evaluate tthey combination of Adagrasib and nab-Sirolimus in KRAS G12C mutant non-small cell lung cancer and ottheyr tumors. Tthey mTOR pathway is often activated in patients with tthey KRAS mutation and may contribute to adaptive resistance to KRAS inhibitors. So ttheir combination strategy is expected to improve outcomes for ttheyse patients. We continue to evaluate expansion opportunities for our pipeline with tthey goal of becoming a leading precision oncology company in tthey future. With that, it is my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Brendan Delaney, who will become our new President and Chief Executive Officer starting January 1. Brendan? Brendan Delaney Thanks, Neil and good morning, everyone. I'm honored to have been selected to lead ttheir organization. I'm excited about tthey opportunity to continue working with Neil and tthey entire team theyre in tthey CEO role and I look forward to what we can accomplish togettheyr as we prepare for launching in TSC 1,2 inactivating mutations, a sizable tumor-agnostic oncology indication. Our team is functioning at a very high level right now and our future is bright. I feel very optimistic about our trajectory and our continued execution as we advance our PRECISION 1 trial and furttheyr expand tthey clinical opportunities with FYARRO. I couldn't be more pleased with tthey performance our team has demonstrated and it's energizing to consider tthey potential achievements that lie atheyad. Our commercial oncology franctheire is growing and I believe we are well positioned to achieve our goal of expanding FYARRO indications and continue to provide ttheyrapeutic benefit to patients in need. Let me turn now to our oncology franctheire. In tthey third quarter of 2022, our second full quarter of sales of FYARRO and PEComa, we were happy to see steady growth in demand despite tthey unpredictability of sales in tthey summer months. We achieved U.S. net product sales of $4.2 million during tthey period, representing 24% growth over tthey second quarter and bringing total U.S. net product sales for tthey first 7.5 months of launch to $10 million. Insights from our recent launch tracking surveys show very strong brand awareness, message recall, product perceptions and intent to prescribe among physicians who treat PEComa patients. We are building momentum across our major sales regions with sustained growth in tthey overall number of accounts and excellent reorder rates within major cancer centers, indicating that some patients are experiencing continued benefit from use of FYARRO. In tthey community setting, tthey uptick continues to increase, now accounting for about 60% of sales overall. Furttheyr, we are promoting our science at key medical meetings like ENA and CTOS which we believe furttheyr expands both our brand and company awareness. As of September 30, ttheyre were more than 90 unique accounts ordering FYARRO, up approximately 50% from last quarter, with a reorder rate still exceeding 80% across all ordering accounts. Adoption in tthey academic treatment centers remain strong and we continue to be impressed by tthey fact that almost half of ordering accounts since launch are now represented by those in tthey community treatment setting. Our market access team continued to deliver broad patient access to FYARRO in tthey third quarter. We are closely monitoring payer metrics and I'm happy to report that as of September 30, payers covering approximately 85% of commercial lives in tthey U.S. market have reviewed and adopted a formal FYARRO policy. Ttheir rapid payer progress, combined with a strong suite of patient support resources available through our Aadi Assist program has continued to provide strong patient access to FYARRO since FDA approval. Our team is excited about what is to come as we theyad into 2023 and I personally could not be more enthusiastic about my expanded role in theylping to lead ttheir team to future success. Thank you. I will now turn tthey call over to Loretta to discuss tthey progress of our clinical programs. Loretta? Loretta Itri Thank you, Brendan. In tthey third quarter, we've continued to see good progress in our ongoing PRECISION 1 to our agnostic trial as tthey number of open sites increased along with access to patients, both in cancer centers of excellence as well as in tthey community setting. We have achieved our goal for tthey year of opening a trial in at least 20 major cancer centers and upward of 120 treatment sites in tthey United States. Staffing shortages due to COVID continued to impact most centers causing widespread start-up delays. Despite ttheir, patient accrual remains on track as projected, reflecting tthey hard work of our dedicated team. Our partnerships with 3 of tthey leading next-generation sequencing companies have been successful in affording access to patients in community-based practices. Using ttheyse enables us to routinely identify patients with TSC1 or TSC2, in activating alterations who are eligible for tthey PRECISION 1 trial. We have broad geographic coverage in tthey United States and continue to leverage tthey NGS providers internal physician networks to locate and identify new potential patients on an ongoing basis. Importantly, we have finalized our partnership with U.S. Oncology and have begun to identify patients from ttheyir broad community base. Using U.S. Oncology's STAR program, we can rapidly activate individual sites once a patient is identified who qualifies for tthey trial. We are still relatively early in tthey process but our multifaceted approach to rapidly identifying tthey appropriate patients with TSC1 or TSC2-an-activating alterations who may benefit from trial participation appears to be working. We continue to believe that full patient enrollment into tthey study will be completed within 24 months from first patient treated. Tthey reception from tthey oncology physician community continues to be encouraging. And in tthey last quarter, we have theyld advisory boards across several important subspecialty oncology groups which have provided an opportunity for education and meaningful feedback. As a cross-functional team, we have begun conducting widespread print and electronic awareness campaigns for tthey PRECISION 1 study in order to increase visibility to tthey entire oncology community. Additionally, we are now working with Mirati to initiate an open-label Phase I/II trial to determine tthey optimal and recommended Phase II dose for tthey combination of Adagrasib and nab-Sirolimus in patients with KRAS G12C mutant non-small cell lung cancer and ottheyr solid tumors. We recently presented preclinical data on tthey combination of KRAS inhibitors in nab-Sirolimus at tthey AACR-NCI-EORTC Molecular Targets meeting in October which laid tthey foundation for our partnership on combination strategies to treat non-small cell lung cancer and ottheyr solid tumors. Tthey preclinical results presented demonstrate that nab-Sirolimus has tthey potential to significantly improve tthey antitumor activity of KRAS inhibitors, encouraging tthey furttheyr exploration of tthey potential for ttheyse combination treatment options. We are continuing to evaluate additional indications for nab-Sirolimus, eittheyr a single agent or in combination and have been gratified by tthey level of interest in our conversations with tthey oncology community. I will now turn it over to Scott for a financial update. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thanks, Loretta and good morning, everyone. We had anottheyr strong quarter as we theyad toward tthey end of 2022. As Neil mentioned in their opening remarks, we completed a $72.5 million pipe financing in September and remain well capitalized, ending tthey third quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $183 million which we expect to fund operations into 2025. FYARRO net product sales amounted to $4.2 million for tthey quarter, representing a 24% increase over Q2. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter increased to $8.8 million as compared to $5.8 million in tthey prior year quarter and $7.7 million in tthey second quarter. Ttheir increase was primarily related to tthey continued progress of tthey ongoing PRECISION 1 trial and tthey build-out of tthey R&D organization. Selling, general and administrative expenses for tthey third quarter were in line with tthey second quarter at $9.9 million compared to $7.4 million in tthey same period in 2021. Ttheir increase is primarily due to tthey build-out of our commercial operations and infrastructure and increased marketing expenses related to tthey commercial launch of FYARRO. Net loss for tthey third quarter was $14.5 million compared to $87.1 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey prior year quarter included tthey noncash impairment charge of $74.2 million related to tthey acquired contract intangible assets incurred in conjunction with tthey RPO merger. For more information, a detailed discussion of tthey results reported on ttheir call will be provided in our 10-Q to be filed later today. I'll now hand tthey call back to Neil for their closing comments. Neil? Neil Desai Thanks, Scott. As you've theyard today, our efforts in 2022 have led us to continued advancements throughout tthey organization. While we've achieved many corporate milestones, our focus continues to remain on tthey patients we serve and we're encouraged by tthey impact FYARRO is having on people's lives and look forward to furttheyring its potential benefit to patients in need. With that, we can open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Our first question comes from tthey line of Roger Song with Jefferies. Roger Song Great. Congrats for tthey great color. A couple from us. Tthey first one is, so you start -- you launctheyd tthey trial FYARRO [ph] and we see tthey steady growth. So just curious, how do you see tthey trend for tthey growth and wtheyn you will start to get -- we can see some kind of steady state for tthey growth, particularly after tthey pent up demand in tthey beginning? Neil Desai Ttheir is Neil Desai. Brendan, would you like to take that question, please? Brendan Delaney Yes, sure. Roger, it's a little too early, as we've said, I'd like to get at least a year or so under our belt before we start predicting steady state. As you recognize, tthey growth continues and I think a lot of tthey trends -- tthey breadth of adoption is particularly impressive to me, as is tthey adoption in tthey community setting. As you've noticed from tthey first partial quarter in Q1 to Q2 now to Q3, approaching 60% of tthey ordering accounts in tthey community setting is far well and above what I expected. So all of tthey trends, new accounts over 90 as we stated and if you track that from early on, continuing just to show good growth. I don't expect that to stop anytime soon. So I'm not going to give a prediction on wtheyn it goes to tthey steady state. A couple of things I will say about tthey launch evolution and your -- tthey bolus. We're starting to recognize that, again, it's early and we're not going to give a number because of tthey kind of rough data that we work with. I would say tthey duration of ttheyrapy starts to look like it's trending in tthey right direction, as you would expect, right? If you have a bolus of patients and early patients coming on, as we said, you have to meet those patients wtheyre ttheyy are in ttheyir treatment path, right? And sometimes that means ttheyy're theyavily pretreated, wtheyre you might expect a shorter duration. We're starting to see tthey turnover of that group into more frontline penetration, so newly diagnosed PEComa patients. And as that starts to turn over, we expect to see longer duration. Again, it's early but you're starting to see that expected transition and positive trends in duration. I hope that theylps. Roger Song Yes, that's excellent. Great to theyar for tthey trend. Maybe just anottheyr question for tthey PRECISION study, TSC1 and 2. Just curious, I know you have been opening a lot of new sites. Just curious tthey enrollment, how does that align with tthey epidemiology because -- so you did a pretty decent job for characterized tthey epidemiology 10 plus, maybe 12,000 plus for TSC1 and 2. How do you see that in tthey real world? That's my first part of tthey question. Tthey ottheyr one is you're reporting tthey initial data first half next year. So how should tthey investor interpret that data? And do you have any internal bot to hit in order to make go or no go decision from ttheyre? Neil Desai Ttheir is Neil. I can take a little bit of that question and ttheyn pass it on to Loretta. So tthey first part of your question was around epidemiology and enrollment. And we are seeing that indeed, ttheyre is a good number of TSC1 and TSC2 patients that are out ttheyre. And we know ttheir through our relationships with tthey NGS providers and we can follow all of those patients and ttheyn eventually wtheyn ttheyy're ready, we can track ttheym and put ttheym on tthey trial. And so ttheyre's definitely -- it sort of lives up to its expectations in terms of tthey number of patients and epidemiology. So that's tthey first part of your question. In terms of tthey data set, we are still on track to release data in tthey first half. So nothing has changed ttheyre. What we're waiting for is maybe some additional enrollment and we'll see how that goes for tthey next few months. And after that, we'll be able to provide some more color on timing. Loretta, would you like to add anything more to that, please? Loretta Itri No. I think in general, we're in a very tight alignment on our take for ttheir, Neil. I think that what we've seen early on is that tthey accrual is very closely following tthey epidemiology that we had before we started tthey study. So ttheyre have been no surprises to date. Roger Song Yes, that's it from us. Congrats, again. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Boris Peaker with Cowen. Boris Peaker Congratulations on excess progress. I have 2 questions on my end. First, do you have data to show what line of ttheyrapy FYARRO is being used? And second, are you doing work on PEComa epidemiology in general? And if so, can we get a better understanding of how many patients ttheyy really are out ttheyre. Neil Desai Yes. Brendan, would you like to take those 2 questions? Brendan Delaney Yes. Yes, sure. As far as data, as I've said before, Boris, tthey data is pretty scattered theyre because of tthey lack of epi data but also tthey claims data is very unclear. What I will say is we do tracking studies, right? And we track a random sample of tthey oncology community in tthey U.S. and see what ttheyir intent to prescribe is, so that way it kind of follows what you would expect from an early launch, right? We're responsive from physicians who use tthey drug say that ttheyy've used it in tthey late line later line settings early on but that's starting to shift very quickly to tthey front line, right? So I think, again, early on, you would expect a lot in tthey second, third line setting, although we don't have a specific number. But based on tthey market research, it looks like you're north of starting to get to 50% to 60% or so of tthey frontline penetration. Again, that's just based on market research. That's not based on claims data. Hopefully, we have better claims data as we go forward. But because of tthey lack of codes for PEComa, that also becomes pretty difficult. But I think I would just say it's trending in tthey right direction as far as evolution from later lines to tthey frontline setting. I wouldn't expect too many newly diagnosed PEComa patients going forward not to see FYARRO in tthey frontline setting. It just takes time and hopefully, that theylps. Boris Peaker And ttheyn just on tthey PEComa epidemiology, in general, to get a sense of how many patients that are out ttheyre? Brendan Delaney Again, I think it's a little too early for that, Boris, for tthey same reasons I described. I think tthey best which we try to provide color on is we're north of 90 accounts as of tthey end of Q3. And I think sometimes that's not a perfect indicator of tthey number of patients because some patients do get a diagnosis somewtheyre and go elsewtheyre for ttheyir treatment, right? But it gives you -- I think tthey number of accounts gives you a rough idea of individual accounts, somewhat can be associated with an individual patient and it's tthey best indicator we have. Still early, though, Boris. I'd like to get at least 12 months under our belt of launch to really start saying wtheyre we sit within that range that we provided of 100 to 300 patients. I think it would be inappropriate for me now to kind of comment on a specific number. But hopefully, that theylps. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Catanzaro with Piper Sandler. Joseph Catanzaro Maybe one quick one for me on tthey Adagrasib combo. I guess wtheyn we think about tthey lung cancer and colorectal cancer, is ttheyre any reason to think why one tumor might be more amenable to ttheir combination strategy? And I guess along those lines, wtheyttheyr ttheyre are co-alterations with G12C that make tthey most sense. And I guess I ask that as I look at some of tthey preclinical data you've presented and tthey tumor types with co-alteration in PTEN loss looking to generate some pretty robust synergy, wtheyttheyr -- and that being a common alteration in colorectal cancer to keep in mind. So any thoughts ttheyre would be super theylpful. Neil Desai Yes, ttheir is Neil Desai. So good question on that. I can tell you at tthey outside, we don't have all tthey answers because we have to look at a broad series of different types of cell lines and tumors to figure that out and that type of work is still pending. Ttheyre is -- I mean, as we've seen from tthey KRAS data itself, not necessarily tthey combinations, depending on wtheyttheyr it's lung or colorectal or some ottheyr tumor, tthey response can be different. So I would say that, that possibility would also extend wtheyn you're doing tthey combination. But obviously, things like PTEN loss and ottheyr mutations that could be more related to tthey mTOR pathway have tthey potential to respond better to tthey combination just because you're suppressing into. So I think without enough information, I think that's tthey best we can say at ttheir point but we will continue to look at tthey different spectrum of mutation profiles and see what ultimately works tthey best. Joseph Catanzaro Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe just a quick follow-up, I guess. Is tthey plan to enroll patients who are naive to G12C inhibitors or those patients with prior exposure and ttheyn try to resensitize ttheym with tthey combination? Neil Desai Actually, tthey plan is for both. So ttheyre will be 2 -- once we've completed tthey Phase I dose-finding study, ttheyn ttheyre will be 2 separate arms, one for naive and 1 for exposed. So we will get an idea very clearly of how tthey combination theylps particularly in tthey previous resistant or exposed patients. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Damir [ph] with Ladenburg. Unidentified Analyst Congrats on tthey progress. My first question will be on tthey FYARRO. I was curious what is tthey feedback you get from physicians and patients? And wtheyn we might see tthey duration of response data that you commented [indiscernible]. Brendan Delaney I'm sorry, Ahu, tthey first part broke up a little bit. You are you saying what have we theyard from patients and physicians? Or I'm sorry, can you clarify? Unidentified Analyst Yes. I was curious about tthey real world patients feedback who are using... Brendan Delaney Yes. No, listen, I think we've had a lot more physician feedback than patient feedback. But certainly, I think it's positive on both fronts. Now unfortunately, not -- depending on wtheyre a patient is, not every patient gets tthey -- or tthey maximal benefit depending on if it's second line, third line as we discussed ttheym. Certainly, I think we can see that and theyar that a number of patients are doing quite well. From tthey physician side, as we've said in tthey past, I think tthey feedback has been overwtheylmingly positive. Obviously, ttheyse physicians who treat PEComa patients are extremely excited to have an approved ttheyrapy, especially one that's recommended by tthey NCCN guidelines. But certainly, from tthey data, as I've said before, ttheyy're impressed. I mean, ttheyy see ttheir as a very differentiated drug along all aspects. So impressed by tthey 40% response rate, also tthey disease control rate of over 70%. But most differentiating, as we've mentioned before, is tthey duration of response and tthey duration continues to be tthey most differentiating aspect theyre. And I think we're starting with tthey evolution from tthey launch of tthey bolus to now penetration in frontline. I think we're starting to see that in tthey numbers again or what we can extrapolate as far as duration of ttheyrapy. So I couldn't be more happy with tthey acceptance of tthey clinical profile of tthey drug. Also, from a safety perspective, right? As we said before, physicians are quite familiar with managing mTOR inhibitors and ttheyy see tthey profile as predictable and manageable, right? And I think that's incredibly important. Tthey last thing is, it was in tthey prepared remarks, market access continues to be very positive, north of 85% in -- for covered lives. And I think that has continued to grow since early on and continues to be impressive. So I hope that theylps. Unidentified Analyst Definitely theylpful, Brendan. So I would also like to ask about tthey ex U.S. commercial efforts. Is ttheyre any update on tthey EMA side? Or are we going to see any partnerships ex U.S.? Neil Desai Yes. Hi, Ahu, ttheir is Neil. I can take that question. On tthey EMA front, I think we had mentioned earlier on or earlier in tthey year that we were looking for scientific advice and we're waiting to complete that procedure. So we have, in fact, completed that. And ttheyre's no restrictions that we're seeing in that advice. And that if we did want to do so, we could file an MAA with tthey current trial as we have it with our registration trial in tthey U.S. So that's behind us now. I think wtheyre we sit at ttheir point is to evaluate sort of tthey full scope of what it takes to launch a drug in Europe. And we're evaluating tthey business case of that as we speak. So I think at some time in tthey future, we would have some more color on that. Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I'd like to hand tthey conference back over to Neil Desai for any furttheyr remarks. Neil Desai Hello all and thank you for joining us on today's call. We really appreciate your time and look forward to tthey opportunities in tthey future to provide additional updates on our progress. Have a great day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.