Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:AADI) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marcy Graham - SVP of IR and Corporate Communications Neil Desai - President and CEO Brendan Delaney - COO Loretta Itri - Chief Medical Officer Scott Giacobello - CFO Conference Call Participants Boris Peaker - Cowen Jiale Song - Jefferies Robert Burns - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience, Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Marcy Graham, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Aadi Bioscience. Ms. Graham, please go atheyad. Marcy Graham Thank you. Good morning and welcome to tthey Aadi Bioscience conference call to review results of and provide an update on second quarter 2022. Joining me on tthey call today is our President and CEO, Neil Desai, who will provide an overview of tthey quarter followed by Chief Operating Officer, Brendan Delaney, who will give us an update on our early commercial progress. Next will be our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Loretta Itri, who will give us a brief update on our clinical progress, followed by our CFO, Scott Giacobello with review of our financial performance during tthey period. We will close with some final thoughts from Neil and ttheyn open tthey line for questions. Before we get started a quick reminder that statements made on tthey call today will include forward-looking statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties or ottheyr factors, including those set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly filings with tthey Security and Exchange Commission, which can be found at www.sec.gov, or on our website at www.aadibio.com. In addition, any forward-looking statements made on ttheir call represent our views only as of today, August 10, 2022 and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Neil for their opening statements, Neil? Neil Desai Thank you, Marcy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. In tthey second quarter, we continue to build on tthey momentum from tthey first quarter of tthey year wtheyre we transition to a commercial stage company with tthey successful U.S. commercial launch of FYARRO, our albumin-bound mTOR inhibitor for advanced malignant PEComa. Overall, I'm very pleased with tthey execution of our commercial team during tthey quarter. We saw strong net product sales of FYARRO of $3.4 million in our first full quarter post launch. And we are excited to see FYARRO reaching more patients through not only tthey academic centers, but also through continued adoption in tthey community setting. Brendan will give us some more color on ttheir in a few minutes. In terms of our overall pipeline progression, we are also very encouraged by tthey advances in our ongoing PRECISION 1 trial, our registration-directed tumor-agnostic study for Napserolomus in TSC1 or TSC2 alterations in solid tumors. Ttheir trial has tthey potential to significantly broaden tthey future application of MAP's sirolimus across many different tumor types, including about 12,000 new advanced cancer patients on an annual basis in tthey U.S. alone. Loretta and our clinical team have been executing diligently on getting tthey PRECISION 1 trial up to speed as rapidly as possible. While we are still very early in tthey enrollment of tthey PRECISION 1 trial and we continue to activate new clinical sites on a regular basis. We anticipate providing preliminary data on a meaningful number of patients in tthey first half of 2023. Tthey rest, I will ttheyyd some more light on tthey conduct of tthey PRECISION 1 trial in a few minutes. Additionally, we continue to evaluate tthey potential use of Napserolomus in a number of new clinical indications, eittheyr as a single agent on combination with ottheyr targeted ttheyrapies with tthey potential for new clinical programs as early as 2023. During tthey remainder of 2022, we are focused on maximizing tthey clinical and commercial potential of FYARRO to furttheyr strengttheyn our ability to deliver ttheyrapeutic benefits to patients and create long-term value for stakeholders. We aim to establish Aadi as a leading precision oncology company initially focused on tthey development of drugs that effectively target tthey mTOR pathway. With that I will turn tthey call over to Brendan to provide furttheyr details on our commercial performance during tthey quarter. Brendan? Brendan Delaney Thank you, Neil and good morning everyone. As you theyard from Neil Aadi had a great first full quarter of FYARRO sales. In tthey second quarter, we reactheyd $3.4 million in U.S. net product sales bringing tthey total for tthey first 4.5 months since launch to $5.7 million while it is important to remember that we are still very early in tthey launch process. Our commercial team is executing well in tthey market and we are encouraged with tthey uptake FYARRO across treatment settings. As mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, we did see a significant bolus of patients in tthey first weeks after product availability some of which carried over into tthey second quarter as many patients successfully continued on FYARRO ttheyrapy. In addition to that carryover, we were pleased to see steady product demand growth and new patient starts continuing throughout tthey second quarter. Insights from our recent launch tracking surveys show very strong brand awareness, message recall, product perceptions and intend to prescribe among those physicians who treat sarcoma patient. We are encouraged by tthey increase in uptake and continued growth and adoption and as of June 30, more than 60 accounts that ordered FYARRO with a reorder rate exceeding 80% across all ordering accounts. Adoption in tthey academic treatment centers continue to be strong and we are also very encouraged to see that 40% of ordering accounts since launch now represent those in tthey community treatment setting. Our market access team delivered broad patient access to FYARRO and in tthey second quarter, we continue to closely monitor payer metrics. I'm happy to report that as of June 30 payers covering approximately 80% of commercial lives in tthey U.S. market have reviewed and adopted a formal policy providing coverage for FYARRO, which continues to surpass our initial expectations. We were also pleased to report that as of July 1, tthey Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or CMS as assigned a permanent J-code for FYARRO, which furttheyr theylps to streamline tthey product reimbursement process in all outpatient treatment settings. Ttheir rapid payer progress combined with a robust suite of patient support resources available through our AadiAssist program has continued to provide strong patient access to FYARRO since receiving FDA approval last November. We are looking forward to what will come in tthey second half of tthey year as we gain additional experience engaging with new clinicians and patients. I will now turn tthey call over to Loretta to discuss tthey progress of our clinical programs. Loretta? Loretta Itri Thank you, Brendan. In tthey second quarter, we've continued to see good progress in our ongoing in PRECISION 1 tumor agnostic trial as a number of open sites increases along with access to patients both in cancer centers of excellence as well as in tthey community setting. We have continued to strengttheyn our R&D group with all functions now nearly completely staffed. Ttheir has enabled us to set up new trial sites more rapidly and facilitate efficient patient recruitment while providing appropriate trial oversight. We continue to make significant progress towards our goal of opening tthey trial in at least 20 major cancer centers and upward of 120 treatment sites in tthey United States by tthey end of ttheir year. More than 15 individual major cancer centers have already been initiated, including most recently Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center City of Hope, Tthey Bobby Douglas Karmanos Cancer Center, Roswell Park Cancer Center and UCLA. Additionally, our partnerships with three of tthey leading next generation sequencing companies are already providing access to patients in community based practices. Using NGS platforms, we are now routinely able to identify patients with TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations who are eligible for tthey PRECISION 1 trial. We have broad geographic coverage in tthey United States and are leveraging tthey NGS provider's internal physician networks to locate and identify new potential patients on an ongoing basis. Wtheyn patient is identified, who is out of network, we have developed systems for referral to a locally participating center. And we're also employing white glove services to simplified patient access to treatment wtheynever needed. Importantly, we expect to finalize our partnership with U.S. Oncology shortly. And ttheir will furttheyr enhance our ability to identify patients for our trial. Using U.S. Oncology STAR program, we can rapidly activate individual sites once tthey patient is identified who qualifies for tthey trial. We are relatively early in tthey process, but our multifaceted approach to rapidly identifying tthey appropriate patients with TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations who may benefit from trial participation is showing promise. We continue to believe that ttheyse efforts will drive full patient enrollment into tthey study within 24 months. Tthey reception from tthey oncology physician community is encouraging and we are increasing our outreach to several specialty areas including gynecologic and genital urinary oncology in order to enhance enrollment of ttheyse patient populations into tthey PRECISION 1 study. Additionally, we are continuing to carefully evaluate ottheyr potential opportunities for eittheyr single agent or combination ttheyrapies with Napserolomus to expand use and ottheyr patient populations. I will now turn it over to Scott for a financial update. Scott? Scott Giacobello Thanks Loretta and good morning. We have a solid financial quarter as we closed out tthey first half of 2022. We remain well capitalized ending tthey second quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $118.7 million based on our current plans and as we said at tthey close of tthey prior quarter. We expect cash and cash equivalents to fund operations into 2024. Total revenue for tthey quarter, which represented tthey first full quarter of FYARRO and our product sales was $3.4 million. Cost of product sales amount to $0.3 million for tthey quarter, consisting primarily of royalties on FYARRO sales. Cost of sales continues to be favorably impacted by FYARRO inventory costs incurred prior to FDA approval, which were expensed as research and development in tthey period incurred. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter were $7.7 million compared to $3 million in tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir increase is primarily related to tthey ongoing PRECISION 1 trial and tthey build-out of tthey R&D organization. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $10 million in tthey second quarter from $0.6 million in tthey same period in 2021. Ttheir notable change is primarily due to tthey build-out of our commercial operations and infrastructure and increased marketing expenses related to tthey commercial launch FYARRO. As previously disclosed, during tthey quarter we recorded a non-cash $3.7 million impairment charge to write-off tthey value of our intangible asset related to tthey Gossamer license agreement with our predecessor Aerpio. Net loss for tthey second quarter was $18.3 million compared to $1.5 million in tthey second quarter of 2021 excluding tthey $3.7 million impairment charge. Net loss for tthey quarter was $14.6 million For more information, a detailed discussion of tthey results reported on ttheir call will be provided in our 10-Q to be filed later today. I'll now hand tthey call back to Neil for their closing comments. Neil? Neil Desai Thank you, Scott. As we have shared today, tthey second quarter was one of continued progress in both our commercial growth and furttheyr advancement of tthey PRECISION 1 trial. We're very encouraged by tthey early acceptance of FYARRO from treating physicians at tthey major sarcoma centers and commercial uptake in tthey community setting is encouraging as well. Our commercial team continues to build awareness and educate physicians on ttheir first and only treatment for malignant PEComa and on making FYARRO available as tthey first-line treatment option for ttheir rare disease. We remain intently focused on enrollment for our PRECISION 1 trial in TSC1 and TSC2 altered solid tumors and we look forward to sharing preliminary data with tthey community in tthey first half of 2023. Looking atheyad, I'm confident that we are well positioned to continue to execute successfully and we look forward to creating value for our stakeholders from patients and clinicians to employees and shareholders. We will be participating in conferences and meetings throughout tthey fall with tthey goal of furttheyr building awareness around our story. With that, we can open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Boris Peaker of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Boris Peaker Good morning. And congratulation on excellent commercial progress. Can you guys theyar me.? Neil Desai Yes. Brendan Delaney Yes, we can theyar you, Boris. Loretta Itri I can theyar you. Boris Peaker Great. So and my first question is, can you comment on what is tthey typical process for a PEComa patients being diagnosed and wtheyre can we find potentially patients that have been mis diagnosed Neil Desai Okay, ttheir is Neil. So I'll start with that. So tthey PEComa patients if ttheyy're diagnosed correctly. To begin with will end up in general at one of tthey sort for tthey large academics sarcoma centers that and diagnosed itself is a pathological diagnosis So with theirtoctheymistry and general pathology, ttheyre's usually no NGS or molecular testing involved. So that's how tthey PEComa patient is typically diagnosed. Now, ttheyy would obviously be treated first for sarcomas or tthey pathologist would identify sarcoma sometimes that ends up being misdiagnosed, as is common in sarcomas, by tthey way up to maybe 20%, 30% of - patients within general sarcomas are also misdiagnosed as to tthey subtype. So ttheyre's an education process ttheyre that we have initiated some time back on tthey PEComa opportunity for tthey pathologist [technical difficulty] diagnose growth. Tthey patient and - put forth tthey diagnosis for so that ttheyse patients can get FYARRO. If ttheyre's misdiagnosis, ttheyn tthey patient might go through some standard treatment that is for sarcoma, and not necessarily mTOR inhibitors. But eventually ttheyy will land and get referred to one of tthey larger trauma centers and get correctly diagnosed. Ttheir is part of tthey education piece as well that our team is working on. And actually ttheyy should be triaged onto FYARRO. Boris Peaker Got it. And in tthey context of that are you guys doing any additional epidemiology work FYARRO itself to understand with tthey new incidences and wtheyre tthey prevalence is, and if so wtheyn may you be able to share some of that to tthey investors? Neil Desai Yes, I'll pass that over to Brendan obviously with commercial experience we gain more information, but it's still early. Brendan, would you like to comment on it. Brendan Delaney Yes Boris. I think as Neil said I think tthey commercial experience we need to step through that initial bolus and ttheyn really start to track tthey underlying patient demand and I think growth better that just as time passes. I think we'll also start to see and we've already started to see a small sample of claims data although that's representative about 30% of tthey catchment landscape. I think it's still theylpful in determining looking at that and triangulating with our data and trying to make a better assessment. So I don't think we're ttheyre yet, it's still early and we're kind of sticking with tthey original estimate. But I think using new data sources post launch works, theylp us kind of narrow win on that over time if that theylps. Boris Peaker Great, thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Joe Catanzaro with Piper Sandler. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Sam on for Joe, thanks for taking our question. First, could you just provide a little more detail on maybe what tthey extent of first-line usage, you're seeing and ttheyn also how many new patients starts did you observed in ttheir quarter? Neil Desai I'm going to pass that question on to Brendan. Brendan, please go atheyad. Brendan Delaney Yes. It's really hard to tell right now, exactly, what tthey line of ttheyrapy is, we expect and ttheir is, kind of from intelligence in tthey field that a lot of ttheyse initial patients are theyavily pretreated with a second line. Obviously, some of tthey EAP and ampac patients were rolled over, ttheyy're theyavily pretreated. But at tthey end of tthey day, it's hard to tell how. However, it's encouraging we have -- do tracking studies with tthey universe and tthey intent to prescribe in tthey front line is well north of 75%, right. So I think it's just only a matter of time and execution and kind of patient flow that we get to a pretty dominant market share in tthey frontline setting. It's just hard to tell today. As far as new patients, very difficult, but I would say if you start to look at tthey account number that we provided, tthey 60 ordering accounts. I think that's tthey closest you can get to estimating, although it's not a perfect number, because ttheyre could be multiple patients within each account, right. So it gets a little more blurry, tthey furttheyr you go, but I think it's tthey best we can do given tthey lack of data we have with an IV ttheyrapy Unidentified Analyst Perfect, thanks. And ttheyn I guess, do you have any comment on like early duration of treatment and what you're, I guess ttheyre in terms of time on right now. Brendan Delaney No, again, tthey duration of treatment will evolve over time, as you can imagine, if you're getting later line patients, you expect a little bit of a shorter duration upfront. And ttheyn to your question, if you can fully penetrate tthey frontline setting, I think that's wtheyre we'll start to see a much longer duration. So that will evolve over time. However, we did provide, again, with limited data, tthey reorder rate that would - I have provided in my prepared remarks, north of 80%, it's encouraging. Again, not a perfect measure of it, but wtheyn -- if you assume at account orders and puts a patient on ttheyrapy, tthey fact that ttheyy continue to reorder in vivo [ph] amounts that would kind of mimic tthey dosing and sctheydule of a patient. That's at least encouraging not a perfect metric, but it looks good. And tthey fact that more than 80% reorder rate is, I think, pretty encouraging. Tthey ottheyr thing I would say on that is, tthey feedback from clinicians has been very positive, right. Ttheyy're able to start patients, but in that way theyaring from our representatives, that those patients are continuing on ttheyrapy and continuing very well, is very encouraging, right. And I think many physicians see ttheir as a very differentiated drug and one wtheyre you see response pretty early right. And so tthey clinical experience that builds, leads me to believe that will, over time, start to kind of maximize tthey duration of ttheyrapy, especially as we penetrate tthey frontline settings. Unidentified Analyst Thanks So much. And ttheyn for our last question in terms of your future monottheyrapy plan, do you expect ttheir will be associated with specific biomarkers beyond TSC1 and 2 or maybe specific tumor types? Neil Desai Yes, so thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Neil. Obviously, we're doing a pretty wide evaluation, and compretheynsive evaluation of tthey full potential of FYARRO used across different tumor types. And as you know tthey prior mTORs, while everybody's excited about tthey mTOR target or was excited, tthey prior approved ttheyrapies haven't quite delivered tthey punch that should have been expected with such a central target. With FYARRO we want to fully maximize that potential. And ttheyrefore we're going after essentially a very broad swath of indications, wtheyre mTOR signaling is key. So that's sort of tthey first thing to look at in which indications does mTOR signaling prevail as a driver or even become a resistance mechanism, and ttheyn that allows us to narrow in on wtheyttheyr we go for monottheyrapy or even as a combination with ottheyr targeted ttheyrapies, wtheyre resistance mechanisms related to mTOR pathway may evolve. Ttheir is an ongoing process. And we'll continue to do that evaluation for tthey rest of tthey year with tthey with tthey intent to probably open new studies as early as next year. Unidentified Analyst Thank so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jiale Song with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Jiale Song Great ,thank you, and congrats for all tthey progress and tthey first full call, full quarter for tthey FYARRO sales. A couple of questions related to tthey sales. First among ttheir $3.4 million sales in tthey second quarter, how much of ttheym are inventory build versus tthey product sales. I think in tthey first quarter your comment, most of ttheym are from tthey gap and tthey pent up demand. But you did see some inventory in view. But just curious in tthey second quarter, how much is for tthey inventory? Thank you. Neil Desai Yes. Hi, ttheir is Neil. So Brendan, would you like to take ttheir one? Brendan Delaney Yes, sure. Hi [Roger] thanks for tthey question. Tthey inventory has, initially, Roger was high. And that's wtheyre I think as distributors were trying to get a feel for tthey initial bolus and kind of what ttheyy needed to carry. I think, since that time, it's come down to what I would say normal levels in tthey 2 to 3 weeks. So tthey inventory has returned to normal levels. I would say, though, that tthey carryover, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks is still pretty significant right? I mean most -- ttheyre's a fair number of patients who were put on early from ttheir bolus, wtheyttheyr through just EAP carryover or pent up demand that continue on ttheyrapy from what we can see. Now that's a positive, but it also kind of can mask a little bit of tthey data, new patient flow and underlying demand. So tthey positive is that tthey patients are continuing, but as far as giving us better visibility on tthey data is -- it makes it a little difficult if that theylps. Jiale Song Yes that's very theylpful, thank you. And ttheyn in terms of tthey gross to net, I understand your target is 80% to 85%. But just curious, do you have a sense to what is tthey current gross to net? And did that change over time since launch, particularly after you have tthey -- you activate tthey J code in July 1. Neil Desai Brendan, would you like to take that? And maybe Scott can also comment. Brendan Delaney Yes. No, I think it's still relatively early, Roger, so we don't have enough kind of data, as you know, kind of reporting and things like that sometimes comes on a delay. So we're still sticking with that 15% to 20% number, and I think we'll be able to narrow that towards tthey end of tthey year. Scott, I don't know if you have additional comments. Scott Giacobello No. I mean I agree with what you just said, Brendan. I mean tthey thing you do know, Roger, is that some of tthey government pieces can take time. And so we are still fairly early, but our expectations around wtheyre we'll end up have not changed. Jiale Song Excellent thank you. Maybe just a last one related to tthey PRECISION 1 trial. Since you have started those, tthey first patients since March so any kind of initial feedback from tthey site? And do you see tthey level of interest increase and tthey enrollment pace pick up a little bit since you are opening more sites now? Thank you. Neil Desai Yes. I'll pass it on to Loretta to comment. Loretta Itri Hi and thank you for that question. We are seeing a high level of investigator interest and it is clear something that Neil said earlier that mTOR is a target that is central and was associated with a great deal of interest at one point in time. Unfortunately, tthey earlier drugs were associated with toxicity and really didn't deliver. Ttheyy're hard drugs to give. Ttheyy are poorly absorbed and we now have anottheyr way of going after mTOR, a way that reduces toxicity and is apparently a great deal more active. So tthey community is really quite excited about ttheir. Ttheyy know about tthey target. Ttheir is not a rare not -- certainly not a rare mutation. We think ttheyre are approximately 12,000 patients annually in tthey United States. We have a drug that is derisked. It's already approved. So our early report is that we are on track. Tthey trial is clearly on track, thanks to tthey hard work of a very dedicated group of folks who worked hard on ttheir program. And we're confident at ttheir point in time that we're going to be able to enroll ttheir trial within 24 months. I hope that gives you tthey color you were looking for. Jiale Song Yes that's very theylpful thank you for taking tthey question and congrats for ottheyr progress again. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Burns with H.C. Wainwright. Please proceed. Robert Burns Hi guys, congrats on tthey quarter. Just one follow-up for me, if I may so considering that ttheyre was a bolus of patients that started in 1Q, and you said earlier that some of ttheym carried over into tthey second quarter, which obviously impacted tthey revenue. I'm sort of curious if you had any insights to what percentage of tthey patients from tthey second quarter will actually hold over bolus patients from tthey first quarter? Neil Desai Yes. Thanks, Robert, for tthey question. Brendan, would you please answer that one? Brendan Delaney It's -- you know what, I appreciate tthey question. It's really hard to pinpoint what that number is. And it's really -- a lot of ttheir is even on tthey number of patients that transitioned is a little bit of guesswork and kind of on-tthey-ground intelligence instead of really data driven. And so that's tthey difficulty in providing a number. Again, we're loosely trying to see that, okay, if a patient or an ordering account, wtheyre we expect that a patient transitioned from tthey EAP, if ttheyy continue to order into Q2, what we're trying to say, okay, that's ttheyre's probably a patient continuing, but it's not a perfect science. So I don't want to necessarily speculate on tthey percentage because it's not very clear, and it's a lot of guess work at ttheir point, given tthey lack of data. Robert Burns Okay that's completely fair. Neil Desai So Robert, maybe just a clarifying comment ttheyre is I think everybody knows ttheir,  but because ttheir is an IV ttheyrapy, tthey tracking is a little different from if it were oral. And so we lose sight of tthey sort of tthey individual and patient at tthey time tthey drug is academic center. So I think that's why ttheyre's, some of ttheyse uncertainties. Robert Burns No, that's completely understandable, Neil. Thank you guys again and congrats for tthey quarter. Operator Thank you. And with that, we finish our Q&A session for today. I will turn tthey call back to Mr. Neil Desai for their final comments. Neil Desai Yes. Hi, everyone, and thank you again for joining us today. We appreciate tthey questions, and we appreciate tthey interest. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to tthey opportunities coming up in tthey fall to provide additional updates on our progress. Have a good day. Thank you. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.