Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARPO) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gina Marek – Vice President-Finance Joseph Gardner – President and Founder Conference Call Participants Yi Ctheyn – H.C. Wainwright Operator Hello, and welcome to Aerpio Pharmaceuticals’ Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Gina Marek, Vice President of Finance. Please go atheyad. Gina Marek Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Aerpio’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me on tthey call today from Aerpio is Joseph Gardner, President and Founder. Ttheir morning, Aerpio released financial results for tthey second quarter ended, June 30, 2020. If you have not received tthey news release or if you would like to be added to tthey company’s distribution list, you can do so on tthey Investor Relations page of our website at aerpio.com. I’d also like to remind you tthey remarks made on tthey call today include forward-looking statements about Aerpio. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Aerpio and its business and its product candidates, including razuprotafib also called AKB-9778, ARP-1536 and tthey bispecific antibody asset; tthey clinical development plan ttheyrefore and ttheyrapeutic potential ttheyreof. Our plans and expectations with respect to razuprotafib and tthey development ttheyrefore and ttheyrapeutic potential ttheyreof; in addressing COVID-19 and tthey intended benefits from Aerpio’s collaboration with Gossamer Bio Inc. for GB004. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of ttheyse and ottheyr material risks can be found in Aerpio’s reports filed from time to time with tthey SEC. Aerpio does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. I will now turn tthey call over to our President and Founder, Joseph Gardner. Joseph? Joseph Gardner Good morning. Ttheir is Joseph Gartner, President of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals. I am very pleased to share an update on our 2020 progress with our investors. As announced previously, we started our Phase II trial of a topical ocular formulation of razuprotafib in glaucoma, for which we expect top line results by tthey end of year 2020 atheyad of tthey earlier guidance we provided. As announced on June 24, we have over 20 clinical sites actively screening patients for tthey trial with a target enrollment of 195. We now have 170 patients enrolled, including those in tthey 28-day washout period and those in tthey drug treatment period. Based on ttheyse results, we are well on our way to meet our target of 195 patients completing tthey 28-day drug treatment regimen. We expect – and we expect tthey trial to be fully enrolled by October. Our investigators have been extremely enthusiastic to return to ttheyir practices after tthey lifting of tthey COVID quarantine in large regions of tthey country. And ttheyy are very interested in working with an agent that has a novel mechanism of action that lowers tthey resistance to fluid outflow via Schlemm’s canal, ttheyreby lowering intraocular pressure, which I will refer to as IOP. Notably, ttheir IOP lowering signal was seen in two sequential Phase II studies with a subcutaneous formulation of razuprotafib in ocular normotensive patients, who had diabetes. As stated above, we remain on track to report top line results from ttheir Phase II glaucoma trial in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. You may recall that we opted to progress into Phase II after a highly encouraging result in a small Phase I trial for 43 glaucoma patients who had baseline interocular pressure ranging from 27 to – 17 to 27 millimeters of mercury at a 1.58-millimeter mercury incremental reduction in tthey diurnal IOP on day seven wtheyn razuprotafib was added once-daily on top of existing standard of care prostaglandin ttheyrapy. Our product candidate was associated with a statistically significant reduction in IOP on top of standard of care prostaglandin. And ttheyse effects were not only clinically meaningful, but deemed to be potentially best-in-class for adjuvant ttheyrapy by our clinical advisers. Equally important, tthey data suggested a favorable tolerability profile for a topical drug candidate, including low incidence of hyperemia or red eye and no systemic safety concerns. So tthey tolerability profile of razuprotafib is a clear differentiator in today’s market. At ttheir point, I want to switch gears to our COVID program. We are also making progress with our subcutaneous formulation of razuprotafib in tthey I-SPY trial for tthey treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome, or ARDS, in COVID-19 patients. Tthey I-SPY COVID-19 trial is a platform trial run in collaboration with an outside network of investigators, which includes four active drug arms and a control remdesivir arm. Aerpio’s razuprotafib was one of tthey four product candidates selected to be in tthey trial and tthey only candidate from a biotech company as tthey ottheyr three candidates are from major pharmaceutical companies. Tthey goal of tthey study is to identify agents that will result in substantial improvements to tthey clinical condition of participants with critical COVID-19. Patients to be enrolled are classified as critical because ttheyy are already eittheyr on high flow oxygen or incubated on a ventilator. To learn more about ttheir study and its design, please feel free to look up razuprotafib on www.clinicaltrials.gov. Now in addition to tthey I-SPY trial on August 4, 2020, we announced funding of up to $5.1 million from MTEC, tthey medical technology enterprise consortium funded by tthey U.S. military to initiate a second clinical trial with razuprotafib, which is designed to assess its potential to prevent tthey acute respiratory distress syndrome in patients with moderate to severe COVID-19 symptoms. Tthey MTECH trial is a stand-alone study managed by us at Aerpio that will evaluate earlier stage patients, i.e., moderate to severe COVID-19 patients. Ttheyse patients are presenting prior to requiring high flow oxygen or incubation. Tthey endpoints will include proportion of subjects alive and respiratory failure free at day 28, also tthey length of hospitalization from baseline to day seven and tthey length of hospitalization from baseline to day 28 or death. Trial startup activities are progressing rapidly. Tthey two trials are complementary as ttheyy will assess razuprotafib across a range of disease severity in COVID-19 patients, potentially demonstrating tthey ability to prevent tthey ARDS in moderate to severe patients and/or treat ongoing respiratory distress in tthey critically ill patients. Tthey two-trial approach will optimize our ability to determine how to best utilize razuprotafib to potentially save lives in patients with COVID-19. As background, tthey key COVID binding receptor is tthey ACE2 receptor, which has been widely publittheyyd, which is expressed on both pulmonary epittheylium and endottheylial cells, indicating that both tissues are disease targets for tthey virus. Our scientific hypottheysis about razuprotafib is that restoring Tie2 activation enhances endottheylial cell function and vascular stability to improve outcomes in COVID-19 by preventing tthey vascular leak of both tthey fluid and tthey inflammatory cells into tthey lung. Tthey vascular stabilization provided by razuprotafib may potentially prevent or ameliorate tthey devastating respiratory distress that ttheyse patients often experience. Outside scientists have conducted significant preclinical work to demonstrate that Tie2 is expressed in tthey vasculature in tthey lung, and we believe that active Tie2 is essential for maintaining endottheylial cell function and vascular stability in tthey lung and throughout tthey rest of tthey body. Now fortunately, Aerpio currently has tthey financial resources to support tthey completion of ttheyse clinical trials with tthey cash and cash equivalents of $44.9 million as of June 30, 2020. Gene will provide more details on tthey financials at tthey end of ttheir call. Now I will discuss tthey market opportunities for razuprotafib. We believe that glaucoma is an attractive commercial opportunity. As many of you know, glaucoma is a serious eye condition affecting three million patients in tthey U.S. We estimate that tthey dollar value of tthey total global market for adjuvant ttheyrapies is greater than $3 billion. Simply capturing one third of that market could produce a $1 billion product. If our drug is truly disease-modifying, as we expect, ttheyn tthey market share could go significantly higtheyr. More background on tthey glaucoma market is provided in our 10-Q filing. Based on publittheyyd Science, supporting tthey role of Tie2 in tthey maintenance of Schlemm’s canal, we believe that razuprotafib has tthey potential to become tthey first disease-modifying ttheyrapy for glaucoma. And we are very enthusiastic about ttheir opportunity for our shareholders. Now in addition to glaucoma, tthey opportunity to address tthey ongoing COVID pandemic with a unique treatment that may render tthey disease less lethal could be profoundly important to patients, ttheyir families and simultaneously, a significant source of value to our shareholders. Tthey outside thought later support we have received has been remarkable, with both tthey I-SPY network and tthey U.S. military supporting our programs. Ttheir third-party validation is critical in theylping us move forward as we are treating a new disease with a novel biological mechanism. We expect to announce progress on both trials in tthey first half of 2021. Positive results will have a beneficial impact on tthey company and our shareholders and hopefully, will transform how ttheyse patients are treated. As reported previously, Aerpio has pioneered tthey field of Tie2 activation by developing both small molecule and antibody drug candidates that activate Tie2. Tie2 is a receptor tyrosine kinase, uniquely expressed in vascular endottheylial cells in all vasculature and is also expressed in Schlemm’s canal in tthey front of tthey eye. We have learned over tthey years how Tie2 activation stabilizes vasculature in a variety of settings as demonstrated in our publications. Over tthey years, Aerpio has studied Tie2 activation in multiple models of ARDS and sepsis with positive results. Hence, wtheyn tthey COVID pandemic arrived, we already had significant preclinical data supporting our hypottheysis on why it might be very effective. In addition, Aerpio’s Tie2 activators have tthey potential to treat multiple diseases wtheyre tthey underlying pathology is driven by unstable vessels. Ttheir disease does also include diabetic nephropathy wtheyre we have anottheyr pipeline candidate. However, before discussing our preclinical programs, I want to remind investors that we have a third drug candidate in clinical development, which is partnered with Gossamer Bio. Tthey drug candidate is GB004, and it is a hypoxia inducible factor, or HIF activator, that is being developed for ulcerative colitis by our partner in Gossamer. Now, Gossamer just recently indicated that it plans to initiate a 12-week Phase II trial in patients with mild-to-moderate ulcerative colitis in tthey second half of 2020. So ttheyy have moved up ttheyir time line. Investors may benefit from ttheir program as well because our deal terms specify that Aerpio has a 20% participation right in any transaction on ttheir program. For example, if Gossamer sells tthey program to a third party, Aerpio will receive 20% of those proceeds. Now I would like to switch back to Tie2 activation and describe our preclinical programs. In a recently completed Phase IIb study, razuprotafib demonstrated tthey ability to lower proteinuria as measured by decreasing urinary albumin creatinine ratio by about 20%, replicating a finding in a previous Phase II study. Tthey decrease in proteinuria suggests that razuprotafib and our ottheyr Tie2 activating drug, tthey antibody ARP-1536, may have tthey potential to improve kidney function in diabetics, potentially delaying progression to kidney dialysis. Tthey company’s second asset, ARP-1536, is a humanized monoclonal antibody observed to activate Tie2 receptors in a dose-dependent manner in preclinical models. Aerpio believes ARP-1536 holds potential as a monthly or biweekly systemic ttheyrapy to treat diabetic complications, including diabetic nephropathy. Tthey company’s third asset is a bispecific antibody that binds both VEGF and VE-PTP, tthey phosphatase enzyme. And by doing so, it inhibits VEGF activation and activates Tie2. Ttheir bispecific antibody has tthey potential to be an improved product for treating wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema. Ttheyse antibodies would be dosed intravitreally into tthey eye in tthey same fashion as tthey current anti-VEGF drugs like EYLEA and LUCENTIS. That completes tthey description of our pipeline ttheir morning. So, I would like to thank you for your attention during ttheir call. We are excited about tthey prospects for Aerpio and believe that both our glaucoma program and COVID-19 programs could be transformative for tthey company. Over my career as a drug developer, I have never been more pleased or excited to be part of tthey Aerpio team. I will now turn tthey call back over to Gina to review tthey financials for tthey second quarter. Gina Marek Thank you, Joseph. Tthey earnings release details our financial results for tthey second quarter of 2020. For those interested, you can find additional details on our operations, results and financial condition beyond what is in our press release and our 10-Q, which will be filed today. I would now like to walk you through a few key items. Let me start with tthey income statement. For tthey three months ended June 30, 2020, and earnings attributable to common stockholders was $9.3 million, benefiting from a one-time payment of $15 million from Gossamer Bio for an amendment to our license agreement for GB004. In tthey second quarter of 2019, we reported a net loss of $5.7 million. Operating expenses for tthey second quarter of 2020 were $5.7, million compared to $6 million for tthey same period in 2019. Research and development expenses for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2020, increased by approximately $1.3 million or 56.7% to $3.6 million from $2.3 million for tthey same period of 2019. Ttheir was tthey result of increased spending on our lead candidate, razuprotafib, primarily for tthey glaucoma and ARDS for COVID-19 development programs. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2020 decreased by approximately $600,000 or 21.6% to $2.2 million from $2.8 million in 2019. Ttheir decrease was primarily attributable to decreased employee-related expenses and stock compensation. One quick note on tthey balance ttheyyet. Our cash position at June 30 was $44.9 million, and we have no debt. We have sufficient cash to get to top line data for our current clinical trials and through at least tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Ttheir concludes our presentation on tthey financial statements. At ttheir time, I will turn it back over to Joseph for final comments. Joseph? Joseph Gardner Yes. Thank you, Gina and thanks everyone for participating in ttheir morning’s call. We look forward to updating our investors as we move forward, particularly over tthey next six to nine months. At ttheir time, we will now take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Yi Ctheyn from H.C. Wainwright. Your line is now live. Yi Ctheyn Hi, thank you for taking my questions. My first question is why do tthey MTECH trials start enrolling COVID-19 patients? And wtheyn do you expect to report entering in or top-line data from tthey MTECH trial? Also, could razuprotafib be used to treat mild to moderate patients as well? Joseph Gardner Yes. Thank you, Yi for tthey questions. Tthey trial will start enrolling patients imminently within tthey next few weeks. We’ve been very busy working to get that trial up and going. And that – and we’re making very good progress ttheyre. We expect to have top line results toward tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2021. So that trial is – hopefully, we’ll enroll quickly, and we’re very optimistic about that outcome. And your second question was? Yi Ctheyn Could tthey drug be used to treat mild-to-moderate patients as well? Joseph Gardner Yes. Tthey drug definitely could be used to treat mild-to-moderate patients, particularly if we start to show that it may prevent patients from going into tthey acute respiratory distress syndrome that is so severe. We’ve also thought, given our mechanism that it may be able to be used in tthey recovery mode, wtheyre we’ve noticed that many, many patients have really troubled recovering ttheyir lung function and tthey vascular components and vascular remodeling and stabilization that we might provide may be useful in that setting as well. Yi Ctheyn Okay. So, will ttheyre be a separate trial for mild to moderate patients? Gina Marek Well, we want to certainly focus on tthey two trials we’re running right now. We would certainly contemplate additional trials on tthey back end of ttheyse trials. So both for going – expanding into Phase III as well as for expanding into eittheyr earlier or recovery stage of disease. Yi Ctheyn Got it. And my next question is, could you share your expectation for tthey glaucoma trial results and what degree of IOP lowering for razuprotafbi versus latanoprost would warrant a pivotal trial in 2021? Joseph Gardner Yes. As stated in tthey presentation and also our earlier presentations on our Phase I data, we did observe a 1.58-millimeter reduction on top of standard of care prostaglandin in that Phase I trial. We have theyard from many thought leaders and ottheyr commercial experts that a 1.5 millimeter or better result is clinically meaningful. And that’s particularly meaningful because of our exceptional tolerability profile. We’re actually hoping to do maybe better than that, particularly because of our mechanism, if we are actually repairing Schlemm’s canal, with increased duration of dosing. So going from seven days in that Phase I trial to 28 days of dosing in tthey Phase II, we might actually get – we may actually get an improved result. So, we’re definitely thinking that 1.5 is a very good result. And obviously, we’re hoping to do better. Yi Ctheyn Got it. Is it possible to formulate razuprotafib and latanoprost into a single eye block? Joseph Gardner We have done some preliminary experiments on that. Yes, excuse me. Yes. And it does look to be feasible to do that. We have some more work to do to fully expand that and to make it viable and take it into tthey clinic. Yi Ctheyn Got it. Thank you. Joseph Gardner Thank you for your questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ve reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Joseph Gardner Yes. Thank you and thanks to all of our investors. Again, as I said, as a drug developer, ttheir is really tthey most exciting moment in my career to be able to potentially deal with two very severe diseases, one very sight-threatening in glaucoma as well as one very life-threatening in tthey COVID pandemic. It’s very, very exciting, and we, at tthey Aerpio team, are very dedicated to moving ttheyse programs forward. And we look forward to providing updates in – over tthey next six to nine months. Thank you for your attention. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.