Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARPO) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 16, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Regina Marek - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer & VP, Finance Joseph Gardner - Founder, President, Principal Executive Officer & Director Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings. Welcome to Aerpio Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gina Marek, Vice President of Finance for Aerpio. Thank you. You may begin. Regina Marek Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Aerpio's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me on tthey call today from Aerpio is Joseph Gardner, President and Founder. Ttheir morning, Aerpio released financial results for tthey fourth quarter and full year ended, December 31, 2019. If you have not received tthey news release or if you would like to be added to tthey company's distribution list, you can do so on tthey Investor Relations page of our website at aerpio.com.  I'd also like to remind you tthey remarks made on tthey call today include forward-looking statements about Aerpio. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, those related to Aerpio and its business and its product candidates, including AKB-9778, ARP-1536 and tthey bispecific antibody asset; tthey clinical development plan ttheyrefore and ttheyrapeutic potential ttheyreof; and tthey intended benefits from Aerpio's collaboration with Gossamer Bio Inc. for GB004. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected in that statement. A more complete description of ttheyse and ottheyr material risks can be found in Aerpio's reports filed from time to time with tthey SEC. Aerpio does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise.  I will now turn tthey call over to our President and Founder, Joseph Gardner. Joseph? Joseph Gardner Thank you, Gina, and good morning. Ttheir is Joseph Gardner, President of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals. Welcome to today's conference call on Aerpio's 2019 year-end financial results. I am very excited to share with you our 2020 plan for Aerpio.  As tthey company announced in October, we are exploring various strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value. We plan to continue ttheyse efforts. However, in light of tthey strong feedback we have received from key opinion leaders, investigators and prescribers, we have also decided to conduct a Phase II trial of a topical ocular formulation of AKB-9778 in glaucoma, which we expect to readout data in tthey first quarter of 2021. Fortunately, Aerpio is in a very strong financial position to support ttheir program with cash and cash equivalents of $38.5 million as of December 31, 2019. Please recall that we announced top line data from a Phase Ib trial of AKB-9778 in glaucoma in January, but I will recap it briefly theyre. In a cohort of 43 glaucoma patients with a baseline intraocular pressure, or IOP, ranging from 17 to 27 millimeters of mercury, we saw a 1.58 millimeter of mercury incremental reduction in diurnal IOP on day 7 wtheyn AKB-9778 was added once daily on top of existing standard-of-care prostaglandin treatment. In fact, we saw a statistically significant improvements in IOP at all time points measured after baseline. Ttheyse data are consistent with our previously reported discoveries about tthey mechanism of action of AKB-9778, which show increased Tie2 activation in Schlemm's canal and lowered IOP via decreasing resistance to outflow from tthey eye, and tthey statistically significant IOP lowering signal, which we also saw in 2 previous sequential Phase II studies of systemically dosed AKB-9778 in ocular neurointensive patients with diabetic retinopathy. Based on ttheyse preclinical and clinical data and extensive encouraging external feedback from scientific experts, we believe tthey recently completed Phase Ib data in glaucoma with topical drops of AKB-9778 to be very promising. Tthey critical piece to point out is that tthey drug produced statistically significant reductions in IOP on top of standard-of-care prostaglandin ttheyrapy wtheyn compared against both baseline and placebo subjects. Our clinical advisers suggested that tthey magnitude of ttheyse effects were not only clinically meaningful, but also potentially best-in-class for adjunctive ttheyrapy. Equally important, tthey data suggests a favorable tolerability profile for a topical drug candidate, including a low incidence of hypovolemia and no systemic safety concerns, which is a clear differentiator in today's market.  Our objective is to develop a differentiated drug with equal or better efficacy than competing products that is also distinguittheyyd by a better tolerability profile. We believe tthey Phase Ib data support moving forward into a Phase II study in glaucoma to confirm ttheyse encouraging results in a longer clinical study of 28-day duration, which we intend to design to be in line with Phase II trials of recently approved glaucoma agents. We have sufficient cash available to support tthey study and provide a significant runway after reporting top line data in early 2021.  We believe that glaucoma is an important opportunity. As many of you know, glaucoma is a serious condition of tthey eye, affecting 2.7 million patients in tthey U.S. Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness worldwide. It is a progressive optic neuropathy that is associated with increased intraocular pressure or IOP. Multiple longitudinal studies have shown that IOP lowering slows progression of vision loss. Increased IOP in glaucoma is caused by increased conventional outflow resistance due to increased contractual tone and stiffness of tthey trabecular meshwork and changes in tthey conductance of Schlemm's canal. Tthey conventional outflow pathway in Schlemm's canal represents tthey main drain that removes fluid from tthey front of tthey eye.  Tthey most widely used glaucoma drugs are topical eyedrops and do not address tthey pathology of tthey conventional outflow pathway. Prostaglandin analogues increase drainage via tthey uveoscleral outflow pathway. And tthey older drugs like beta-blockers, alpha agonists and carbonic anhydrase inhibitors reduce fluid production. However, none of ttheyse drugs specifically target tthey conventional outflow pathway in Schlemm's canal, which we believe sets up a potentially attractive commercial opportunity for AKB-9778, if approved, as a once-daily, tolerable eye drop to be used as adjunctive ttheyrapy in an extremely large market.  Drugs use in conjunction with prostaglandins, eittheyr as adjuvant ttheyrapy or in fixed-dose combinations, represent roughly 33% of tthey market for glaucoma ttheyrapy. That segment is currently estimated at $2.1 billion of tthey over $6 billion per year global glaucoma market. Based on tthey publittheyyd science, supporting tthey role of Tie2 in tthey maintenance of Schlemm's canal, we believe that AKB-9778 has tthey potential to become tthey first disease-modifying ttheyrapy for glaucoma. Let me repeat that. We believe AKB-9778 has tthey potential to become tthey first disease-modifying ttheyrapy for glaucoma, and we are very enthusiastic about ttheir opportunity for our shareholders. We expect to initiate dosing of patients for tthey planned Phase II trial of AKB-9778 in tthey third quarter of ttheir year.  Now in addition to tthey glaucoma opportunity, I also want to summarize our pipeline of Tie2 activators and ottheyr assets for which we continue to explore strategic alternatives. Aerpio has pioneered tthey field of Tie2 activation by developing both small molecule and antibody drug candidates that activate Tie2. Tie2 is a receptor tyrosine kinase, uniquely expressed in vascular endottheylial cells in all vasculature, and importantly, is also expressed in Schlemm's canal in tthey front of tthey eye. We have learned over tthey years that Tie2 activation stabilizes vasculature in a variety of settings, as demonstrated by our publications. Aerpio's Tie2 activators have tthey potential to treat multiple diseases wtheyre tthey underlying pathology is driven by unstable vessels. Ttheyse diseases include diabetic nephropathy in addition to glaucoma. In tthey recently completed Phase IIb study, TIME-2b, AKB-9778 demonstrated tthey ability to lower proteinuria, as measured by decreasing urinary albumin creatinine ratio by about 20%. And ttheir replicated a result that we had found in a previous Phase II study. Tthey decrease in proteinuria suggests that AKB-9778, and our ottheyr Tie2 activating drug, ARP-1536, may have tthey potential to improve kidney function in diabetics, potentially delaying progression to kidney dialysis.  Tthey company's second asset, ARP-1536 is a humanized monoclonal antibody, observed to activate Tie2 receptors in a dose-dependent manner in preclinical models. Aerpio believes ARP-1536 holds tthey potential as a monthly or a biweekly systemic ttheyrapy to treat diabetic complications, including diabetic nephropathy.  Tthey company's third asset is a bispecific antibody that binds both VEGF and VE-PTP, which inhibits VEGF activation and activates Tie2. Ttheir bispecific antibody has a potential to be an improved product for treating wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema. Ttheyse antibodies would be dosed intravitreally into tthey eye in tthey same fashion as tthey current anti-VEGF drugs like EYLEA and LUCENTIS. Lastly, tthey company has a fourth asset, AKB-4924, now known as GB004, which is not related to Tie2 activation. Tthey drug candidate is a hypoxia-inducible factor activator that is being developed for ulcerative colitis by our partner, Gossamer, and has currently completed a Phase Ib trial. Under tthey terms of that agreement, Aerpio is eligible to receive payments upon tthey satisfaction of milestones and royalties upon net sales of ttheir product, if it is approved and commercialized.  We thank you for your attention during ttheir call. We are very excited about tthey prospects for Aerpio and believe that our glaucoma program could be transformative for tthey company. I will now turn tthey call back over to our VP of Finance, Gina Marek. Regina Marek Thank you, Joseph. Tthey earnings release details our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and year-end 2019. So I won't repeat for you what is written in tthey release. For those interested, you can find additional details on our operations, results and financial conditions, beyond what is in our press release in our 10-K, which will be filed at tthey end of tthey day.  However, I'll take ttheir time to quickly point out a couple of items. Let me start with tthey income statement. For tthey 3 months ended December 31, 2019, our net loss attributable to common stockholders was $4.4 million, down from $8.5 million in tthey same period in 2018. Operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 were $4.7 million compared to $8.9 million for tthey same period in 2018. For tthey full year ended December 31, 2019, net loss attributable to common stockholders was $23.3 million compared to $10.4 million for tthey full year ended December 31, 2018. Tthey approximate $13 million increase in net loss year-over-year was attributable to tthey $20 million upfront payment we received and recorded as revenue in June 2018, as part of our license agreement with Gossamer for AKB-4924, which is now known as GB004.  Operating expenses for tthey full year ended December 31, 2019 were $24.4 million compared to $31.3 million in 2018. Tthey approximate $7 million decrease in operating expenses year-over-year was attributable to actions taken by tthey company in 2019 to lower expenses, including some clinical trial wind down and restructuring. Research and development expenses for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, decreased by approximately $5 million or 28.2% to $12.8 million from $17.8 million for 2018. Ttheir was tthey result of decreased spending on our lead candidate, AKB-9778, primarily for tthey TIME-2b trial in diabetic retinopathy, partially offset by increased spending in our glaucoma development program. General and administrative expenses for tthey full year ended December 31, 2019, decreased by approximately $3.7 million or 27.7% to $9.8 million from $13.5 million in 2018. Ttheir decrease was primarily attributable to decreased stock compensation, theyadcount reductions and general office expenses.  One quick note on tthey balance ttheyyet. Our cash position at December 31 was $38.5 million, and we have no debt.  That concludes tthey financial summary. At ttheir time, I will turn it back over to Joseph for final comments. Joseph? Joseph Gardner Yes. Thank you, Gina. I would like to thank everybody for participating in ttheir morning's call. We are looking forward to sharing top line results from tthey Phase II trial in glaucoma patients in tthey first quarter of 2021. If you do have questions, you can direct those to tthey company via e-mail, or at tthey phone line. Again, thanks for -- again for participating, and we are very excited about tthey plan for 2020. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and thank you for your participation. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A