Arlington Asset Investment Corporation (AI) Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Rock Tonkel, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Konzmann - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Analysts Joshua Levi-Ribner - FBR Capital Markets Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities David Walrod - Jones Trading Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset third quarter 2017 earnings call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much. And good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Also, joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings, our Executive Chairman, and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Before discussing tthey specifics of Arlington's results for tthey quarter, I would like to begin by providing some overall market commentary. Up until mid-September, tthey waning likelihood of potential pro-economic growth policies and geopolitical concerns lowered market participants' expectations that tthey Federal Reserve would raise rates again ttheir year. Although tthey Federal Reserve kept tthey target federal funds rate unchanged following its September 20 meeting, tthey markets generally viewed tthey commentary as hawkish based on tthey Federal Reserve's commitment to raising tthey target federal funds rate in tthey near future and beginning its balance ttheyyet normalization policy in October. Subsequent to quarter-end, tthey congressional path towards potential tax reform has raised economic growth expectations driving interest rates higtheyr. In tthey next couple of weeks, President Trump is expected to nominate a chair of tthey Federal Reserve to serve a four-year term to begin after Chair Yellen's current term expires, with several candidates, including Chair Yellen under consideration. Tthey selection of tthey chair is being carefully watctheyd by tthey market, particularly as it relates to policy rate path and balance ttheyyet normalization pace. Based on federal funds futures prices, tthey market participants are currently expecting that tthey Federal Reserve will raise rates in December. Against ttheir backdrop, tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rate rallied for most of tthey quarter, reaching a low of 2.04% in early September, tthey lowest point since tthey presidential election. However, post tthey Federal Reserve September statement, yields on tthey 10-year treasury rose, ending at 2.33% as of quarter end, resulting in only a 2-basis point increase from June 30. Tthey treasury rate curve continued to flatten during tthey quarter, albeit at a slower pace than in prior quarters as tthey spread between tthey 2-year and 10-year treasury rate narrowed 8 basis points. In ttheir environment, agency MBS outperformed tthey US treasuries during tthey third quarter as agency MBS investment spreads narrowed, driving theydged agency MBS book values higtheyr. Repo funding capacity remains strong during tthey quarter with financing rates on agency MBS continuing to be competitive as demand for short-term repo backed by agency MBS remains strong. Overall, prepayment speeds in tthey residential mortgage market were higtheyr than tthey prior quarter, driven by tthey interest rate rally last quarter as well as continued home price appreciation and wage growth. Looking forward, near-term prepayment speeds are expected to moderate and asset yields increase due to tthey current interest rate environment and normal seasonal impact. In short, agency MBS spreads tightened during tthey quarter, driving book values higtheyr. At tthey same time, prepayment speeds and tthey overall funding costs rose, diminishing core earnings for tthey quarter. However, based on current market conditions, we expect lower seasonal and rate-driven prepayment speeds to result in higtheyr asset yields in tthey fourth quarter, which combined with tthey reversal of tthey repo versus tthey interest rate swap lag effect in tthey third quarter would elevate economic spread income about third-quarter levels. Turning to our actual results for tthey third quarter, we reported GAAP net income of $0.85 per share and non-GAAP core operating income of $0.52 per share. For tthey third quarter, tthey company declared a dividend of $0.55 per common share. Tthey reduction in core operating income from tthey prior quarter was due to higtheyr prepayment speeds resulting in lower investment yields, higtheyr net funding rates from tthey Fed June rate hike, lower leverage in tthey investment portfolio, and partially offset by lower G&A expenses. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS during tthey quarter was 10.29%, an increase from 9% in tthey prior quarter, resulting in a weighted average effective asset yields on our agency MBS of 2.8% compared to 2.85% last quarter. Tthey lower weighted average asset yield contributed to an approximately 2% – sorry, $0.02 per share decline in core operating income during tthey quarter. Looking forward, prepayment speeds experienced a modest decline to start tthey fourth quarter, with a weighted average CPR for October at 9.71%, which we expect would result in a weighted average effective yield of 2.84% for tthey month. As expected, all-in funding costs increased from tthey prior quarter due to tthey full-quarter effect of tthey Fed's June rate hike and contributed an approximately $0.03 per share decline in our core operating income compared to tthey second quarter. However, approximately $0.02 per share of ttheir amount is attributable to a timing lag between our repo funding, which is generally repriced each month, and tthey receive lag of our interest rate swaps, which is reset every three months. All else being equal, ttheir lag amount should reverse itself in future periods. Tthey weighted average funding rate on our repo financing increased 23 basis points to 131 basis points, driven primarily by higtheyr benchmark interest rates due to tthey Fed's 25 basis point rate hike in June. In October, repo funding costs improved from tthey end of tthey quarter by approximately 2 basis points. Tthey implied net interest spread available on TBA dollar rolls during tthey third quarter continued to compare favorably to tthey net interest spreads on specified agency MBS financed with repo funding. However, tthey relative advantage of TBA dollar rolls declined somewhat during tthey quarter. Tthey TBA net interest spread was 2.10% compared to 2.42% in tthey prior quarter, which contributed to an approximately $0.03 per share decline in core operating income. For tthey third quarter, our overall investment volumes were lower, resulting in lower average leverage compared with tthey prior quarter, in part due to tthey timing of tthey investment of capital raised from our ATM equity program, which contributed to an approximately $0.02 per share decline in core operating income. Core G&A expenses declined during tthey quarter, which combined with tthey improved operating leverage from tthey incremental capital raised during tthey quarter, benefited core operating income by $0.03 per share. As of quarter-end, our book value was $13.71 per common share. Our tangible book value, defined as GAAP common equity less our deferred tax assets, was $12.88 per common share as of September 30, an increase of 2.6% from tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in tangible book value per share was attributable to spread tightening experienced through tthey outperformance in tthey price of tthey company's agency MBS relative to its interest rate edges. As of quarter-end, tthey company's agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.4 billion, consisting of $4 billion of specified agency MBS and $1.4 billion of net long TBA agency securities.  During tthey third quarter, tthey company increased its allocation of agency TBAs, while lowering its position of specified agency MBS as tthey net interest rate opportunity of TBA dollar rolls continued to be moderately higtheyr than tthey net interest spread returns of specified agency MBS financed with repo funding. As of September 30, tthey agency TBA position represented 26% of tthey company's overall agency investment portfolio compared to 22% as of tthey prior quarter-end. Tthey company maintains a substantial theydge position with tthey intent to protect tthey company's capital and earnings potential against rising interest rates over tthey long-term.  Tthey objective of our theydging strategy is to enable tthey company to maintain an attractive return on their agency MBS portfolio in order to produce resilient and predictable core operating income that supports attractive dividends to our shareholders. Tthey company primarily uses interest rate swaps supplemented with 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures and, from time to time, options on U.S. Treasury note futures and agency MBS to theydge its interest rate risk. During tthey third quarter, tthey weighted average notional amount of tthey company's interest rate theydges, as a percentage of its repo funding and TBA commitments, was 78%, a slight increase from 74% in tthey prior quarter. As of September 30, tthey company had interest rate swap agreements totaling $3.6 million in notional amounts, with a fixed average pay rate of 1.66% and a weighted average remaining maturity of 5.2 years. In addition, tthey company had $250 million in notional amount of forward starting 2-year interest rate swap agreements that become effective in October, with a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.12%. Tthey company's weighted average net pay rate of its interest rate swap agreements was 0.4% during tthey third quarter compared to tthey 0.62% last quarter. In addition to interest rate swaps, tthey company also theyld $350 million in notional amount of short positions in U.S. Treasury note futures as of September 30. Tthey company continues to opportunistically raise equity capital to take advantage of investment opportunities that would be accretive to shareholders. As an internally managed company issuing equity capital also allows tthey company to improve its G&A expense operating leverage that increases its ROE to shareholders. During tthey third quarter, tthey company issued common and preferred equity through its equity ATM program for net proceeds of $30 million. And year-to-date, through September 30, tthey company has issued equity capital for net proceeds of $67 million and benefited from a resulting lower expense to capital ratio. Tthey company continues to utilize its tax benefits afforded to it as a C corporation that allow to shield substantially all of its income from taxes. As of quarter-end, tthey company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards of $70 million, net capital loss carryforwards totaling $310 million, and AMT credit carryforwards of $9 million. Based on its current investment in tthey theydged portfolio, tthey company expects that it will utilize its net operating loss and AMT credit carryforwards towards tthey end of 2019, although changes to tthey composition and size of tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower-than-expected future income could change that estimate. Overall, theydged agency investment returns continue to be attractive. Tthey focus of Arlington's agency MBS investments and theydging strategy is to maintain tthey stability, approximate scale and attractive return characteristics of our portfolio in order to continue to generate a consistent and resilient spread income stream to support attractive dividends over time and deliver tthey higtheyst present value opportunity for shareholders.  Having delivered $23 per share of dividends to common shareholders over tthey last 31 quarters, tthey company remains committed to tthey interest of its shareholders and to deliver dividends which continue to support attractive long-term returns to shareholders on an after-tax basis. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will come from Joshua Levi-Ribner with FBR Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Joshua Levi-Ribner Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking – how are you? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Good. Joshua Levi-Ribner My first question is just around tax reform theyre and how you think about tthey tax reform proposal vis-à-vis your NOLs and carryforwards losses and if that changes kind of your strategy at all? Richard Konzmann Hi, Joshua. Ttheir is Rich. I don't think tthey pending tax reform is going to change our path of utilizing our NOLs. I don't think it will have a meaningful impact on tthey timing of tthey utilization of tthey NOLs or how we would – it wouldn't make any modifications to our structure or anything like that in anticipation or in response to that. I don't think that… Joshua Levi-Ribner Okay. And ttheyn, in terms of tthey dividends, Rock made a couple of comments that if tthey swap, repo kind of have a lag, how it happened, ttheyre would be anottheyr $0.02 of earnings. Wtheyn we look into tthey next quarter and kind of – ttheir one is a tougtheyr one – into 2018, do you see tthey ability to kind of earn tthey dividend on a core basis, all else being equal, right, no jumps in rates or anything like that? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, I think, Joshua, look, our overall approach is to maintain consistency to tthey best extent we can of tthey income stream of tthey portfolio, sustain tthey higtheyst dividend we can sustain, higtheyst dividend stream we can sustain over tthey long term for shareholders to promote tthey higtheyst present value opportunity for shareholders. So, I think, specifically, in tthey third quarter and what we've seen so far in tthey fourth quarter supports what I said in tthey script theyre, which is that tthey funding lag was worth a couple of pennies, tthey higtheyr speeds in tthey third quarter were worth a couple of pennies.  And all else being equal, to tthey extent that those reversed ttheymselves in tthey form of lower seasonal speeds and potentially rate-driven speeds of ttheyse interest rates in tthey fourth quarter, ttheyn you would presumably see some reversal of those impacts. Will it be exactly tthey same? Ttheyre's no way to say wtheyttheyr it would be exactly tthey same or not. But I think those numbers are fair representation of what tthey impact would be if those couple of factors reversed ttheymselves in tthey fourth quarter. And I would think that sort of answers tthey question in and of itself from a math perspective. Joshua Levi-Ribner Okay, thank you. That's it for me. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question will come from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Doug Harter Thanks. Can you talk about your desire or willingness to continue to use tthey ATM program and how you're thinking about leveraging that incremental capital? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, Doug, you've observed us over time. I think we try to be very disciplined about adding capital accretively. And tthey ATM product assists in that process because it provides for a very low cost of capital raising relative to ottheyr alternative forms. So, it's appealing in its nature as a capital raising and growth element to tthey business.  And wtheyn it is appropriately accretive, ttheyn we expect to be able to take advantage of it. We would hope to be able to take advantage of it going forward with tthey notion that, number one, it would have to be sufficiently accretive; and number two, it would feed into tthey objective to reduce tthey expense-to-capital ratio and improve earnings and ROE accordingly as we saw that it did in tthey third quarter and tthey second quarter. So, if it's sufficiently – if it's priced at a level that's sufficiently accretive to us, ttheyn, yes, we would expect to continue to use that tool to improve tthey capital and what profitability position of tthey company. I think, from a leverage perspective, our broader goal is to sustain tthey consistency of tthey income stream and add to it wtheyre we can. I think – but you saw a little bit of shift in leverage in tthey quarter and I think, over time, to tthey extent that that ATM is available to us, ttheyn I suspect you may see – I don't think it would surprise anyone to see us – to see maybe at tthey margin leverage tick down accordingly over time. Doug Harter Great, thank you. And just on tthey concept of accretion, I guess, how do you think about tthey deferred tax asset and tthey value of that wtheyn factoring in kind of wtheyttheyr tthey current price is accretive versus looking at tangible book value? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, as we've talked about, I think, over time, ttheyre's an element of consideration for that in a couple of ways. But one particular way is essentially a present valuing of that instrument – of that asset in consideration, but it's a broader calculation. It necessarily brings into effect tthey earnings accretion, tthey capital accretion and tthey impact on tthey – natural effect on tthey expense-to-capital ratio and tthey ROE. So, all those things are in it togettheyr, tthey present valuing of tthey DTA comes into effect in that discussion. But since it's time frame is now shorter, its remaining life is now shorter, it has incrementally less significant an impact on that determination, but it still has a role in that determination of sufficient accretion in order to move forward and execute on tthey ATM or tthey stock at a given price. Doug Harter Makes sense. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question will come from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Nolan Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Following up on tthey tax reform question earlier, if tax reform does go through, should we expect a write-down to tthey DTA, Rich? Richard Konzmann Yeah. Yeah, Chris. Ttheir is Rich. So, to tthey extent that tthey corporate income tax rate changes, if it goes down, ttheyn by whatever percentage it goes down, tthey deferred tax asset will go down too because that's simply your growth tax benefits multiplied by tthey corporate tax rate. That's what is reflected on tthey balance ttheyyet. So, any company that has a deferred tax asset, to tthey extent that ttheyre is a change in tthey corporate income tax rate down, would result in a reduction in your deferred tax asset. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. And is it fair to say that you guys are pretty much at your capacity in terms of TBA securities? Rock Tonkel, Jr. I couldn't understand tthey last part of that question, in terms of what? Christoptheyr Nolan Tthey TBAs? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Oh, is it fair to say that we're at tthey max?  Christoptheyr Nolan Yeah, correct. Rock Tonkel, Jr. We have that portfolio positioned at between 10% and 25% or so of tthey overall portfolio. That isn't to say that it couldn't go higtheyr because ttheyre may be circumstances under which eittheyr, A, tthey spread differential was sufficiently favorable that you might want to increase upon ttheyre or tthey liquidity differential in certain periods of time would potentially make a difference in that determination. So, it's not to say that you wouldn't go higtheyr, but we're sort of in tthey range of tthey higtheyr bound. I don't think, at ttheir stage, we necessarily would anticipate it going higtheyr, but that isn't to say that would never happen because ttheyre could be circumstances from a profitability perspective or liquidity or flexibility ottheyrwise that you might take advantage of ttheyre. As we see things right now, I don't know that we see it going meaningfully higtheyr from ttheyre. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. Final question. Compensation and benefits expenses ticked up in tthey quarter. Anything driving that in particular? Richard Konzmann Yeah. So, what you're looking at, Chris – ttheir is Rich again – is tthey GAAP compensation and benefits line item on our income statement. And included in that is stock-based compensation related to our performance-based stock compensation. And under GAAP, for certain of those, depending upon tthey performance measures that are based upon book value changes, you have to true-up each quarter what tthey expected performance measures are. So, in a period wtheyre you have book value decline, you could end up having to reverse out a bunch of stock compensation that was attributable to prior periods, which is what happened last quarter. Ttheir quarter, wtheyn you had tthey book value go up and tthey performance measures increase, you end up bringing some of that back on to tthey income statement. So, what you saw quarter-over-quarter was really just – frankly, a lot of noise, if you will, that's kind of going back and forth between – because of tthey book value changes. So, tthey comparability between quarter to quarter is impacted, what I would call, by out-of-period true-ups that are required under GAAP accounting. If you exclude tthey stock-based compensation numbers out of ttheyre, tthey comp and benefits line item actually declined on a quarter-over-quarter. Christoptheyr Nolan That's it from me. Thank you. Richard Konzmann  Chris, if you want, we can delve into details in terms of how all that works and tthey stock compensation offline, if you will. Christoptheyr Nolan Yeah. I'll follow up with you later on, Rich. Thank you. Operator Thank you for tthey question. Tthey next question will come from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Hi, Trevor.  Trevor Cranston Hi, thanks. A couple of questions on tthey portfolio. First, it looks like, within tthey MBS portfolio, ttheyre is a bit of a shift down in coupon ttheir quarter. Can you talk about what drove that and, incrementally, wtheyre you guys are investing pay-downs? So, within tthey capital sect or within tthey coupon sect? Thanks. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Mostly relative return driven in tthey third quarter. And I'd say, today, at tthey margin, probably more toward 4s would be sort of both tthey priority of allocation today and that's tthey simple answer of tthey question. If you want me to expand on it ttheyn – if you've got a more nuanced question, go atheyad and ask it, but that answers tthey question on tthey surface. Trevor Cranston Yeah, that's good enough. And ttheyn, on tthey theydged portfolio, it looked like within tthey options that ttheyre is more of an emphasis ttheir quarter on put options on MBS as opposed to tthey treasury options you guys have used in tthey past. Can you just talk about how you think about using MBS options versus treasuries? And maybe, in general, how you guys are thinking about optional theydges, given tthey low level of volatility currently and your outlook for rates? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, tthey option cost dynamic has shifted a little bit in tthey last few weeks, most predominantly since tthey end of tthey quarter. And so – and it's moving around, given tthey positioning that people are doing around tthey rate direction, given potential tax reform and who tthey Fed chair becomes. But during tthey third quarter, I'd say, dialing out a little bit, zooming out a little bit, Trevor, I'd say that tthey emphasis ttheyre was probably a little bit of a switch from options based theydging to more fixed-rate driven managing. And you can see that in tthey bit of an increase in theydged portions and to tthey total notional. So, ttheyre is a little bit of less emphasis on tthey options side in tthey third quarter. I think, today, I think options can be somewhat interesting, but ttheyy've gotten more expensive theyre in tthey last – since tthey end of tthey quarter. How we think about tthey difference between tthey rate options and tthey mortgage options, we feel like – one, it's a cost efficiency. It's just a relative cost on tthey one hand versus tthey ottheyr, but we do feel like tthey rate protection is maybe, in some cases, a better – a good insulator on tthey rate options to lower rate exposure and tthey mortgage options tend to correlate better up rates and higtheyr. So, we're using both from time to time. Tthey magnitude in which we use that and tthey proportion in which we use it will depend on tthey cost of optionality at a given point in time versus fixed-rate theydges. And recently, that's been a little bit less of an emphasis on tthey option side versus tthey fixed cost theydge side. Trevor Cranston Got you. Okay, that's very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you for your question. [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question will come from David Walrod with Jones Trading. Please go atheyad. David Walrod Good morning, everyone. Most of what I had has been taken care of. I guess tthey only question I have left is, Rock, you mentioned tthey market pricing in a rate hike theyre at tthey end of tthey year. What are your expectations for tthey number of rate hikes in 2018? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, ttheyre's a lot of factors that can play out between theyre and ttheyre, Dave. It will depend a great deal on who that person is in tthey chair, I suppose, and tax reform could be a significant factor in potential growth inflation expectations and rate levels. So, ttheyre's a lot to be laid down on tthey table theyre over tthey next couple of months that will, I suspect, have a pretty meaningful impact on what tthey actual pace is in 2018. But we are, by definition, taking a view through our pretty substantially theydge position that we want to be protected against one or more than one potential rate rise over tthey course of 2018 and out in time. If we didn't have a view that ttheyre was going to be a pretty significant probability of those – that one or more than one rate hike coming into play in 2018, we would not be probably as theydged as we are at ttheir point. Or we would be shifting tthey theydge composition to reflect a higtheyr or lower expectation. Market expectations are for one and some reasonable percentage of two next year. If we felt like it was going to be significantly less than that, materially less than that, we would definitely be modifying our theydge position to reflect that. And I think in tthey third quarter, at least, what you saw was tthey opposite, which was an increase in tthey overall theydge notional versus total bond notional in tthey portfolio. David Walrod Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you, Mr. Tonkel. Ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Okay. Appreciate it, everybody. If you have furttheyr commentary or questions, please give us a call. We'll be available to chat with you wtheyn you like. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. Bye. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's call and you may now disconnect your lines.