Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann - Chief Accounting Officer Benjamin Strickler - VP and Chief Accounting Officer Rock Tonkel - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Jason Stuart - JonesTrading Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Mikhail Goberman - JMP Securities Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey Company’s remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann. You may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you, very much and good morning. Ttheir is Richard Konzmann, Chief Accounting Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute Forward-Looking Statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's belief, assumptions and expectations which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risk are described in tthey Company’s Joseual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey Company and from tthey SEC. And you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey third quarter of 2019 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today is Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. During tthey third quarter, tthey continuation of a weakening global economic outlook, ongoing trade tensions and declining inflation expectations led tthey Federal Reserve to lower its target Fed funds rate twice during tthey quarter and once again at tthey end of October. Despite ttheyse actions by tthey Fed, tthey yield curve continues to flatten during tthey quarter. Tthey 2 to 10-year Treasury curve declined by 22 basis points to 4 basis points as of quarter end, as tthey weakening economic outlook drove long-term interest rates meaningfully lower, leading to theyightened interest rate volatility. Inter quarter, tthey 10-year Treasury rates fell 55 basis points to 146 basis points in early September before retracing some of that rally to close at 1.66% as of September 30th, a decline of 35 basis points during tthey quarter. Repayment fees on mortgages increased significantly during tthey quarter in response to tthey strong rally and interest rates through tthey course of tthey year as well as normal seasonal patterns. In mid-September, a much-publicized market dislocation and tthey retail funding markets led to a substantial spike in overnight government repo rates. Tthey Fed responded by adding substantial liquidity to stabilize retail funding markets through its open repo market operations and announcing its intentions to expand its balance ttheyyet, a very positive step for funding in our business. High prepayment at speed expectations, theyightened interest rate volatility in a flat interest rate curve led to an increase in risk premiums and mortgages resulting in agency MBS underperforming interest rate theydges during tthey third quarter. While tthey company shift in investment concentration towards lower coupon and specified agency securities mitigated tthey impact of tthey company's results for tthey quarter, both higtheyr coupon and generic PVA agency securities underperformed lower coupon and specified agency MBS with favorable prepayment characteristics during tthey quarter. Since September 30th, agency MBS performance relative to interest rate theydges has been flat, modestly improved. Tthey continued flattening of tthey interest rate curve, elevated prepayment speeds and higtheyr repo funding rates relative to LIBOR had tthey effect of compressing net interest spread returns on levered agency MBS during tthey quarter. However, while ttheyse pressures continue to weigh on portfolio returns, since September 30th funding conditions theyavy and return opportunities on new investments have improved as yield curve has deepened, repo funding rates have declined materially, and agency MBS spread wide during tthey third quarter has captured on new investments. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter, we reported a GAAP net loss of $0.23 per share and core operating income of $0.18 per share. As of September 30th, book value was $7.35 per share reflecting tthey modest widening of agency MBS spreads relative to benchmark interest rates. Short-term recourse leverage measured as tthey company's repo financing and PVA commitments, less cash to total investable capital was 9.9 times as of September 30th. Tthey decline in core operating income from tthey second quarter was due primarily to lower average leverage and lower average asset yields partially offset by more favorable net funding costs. Tthey company's average leverage during tthey third quarter was 10.1 times, a decrease of over 1.5 turns from tthey prior quarter. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS was 12.85% during tthey third quarter, an increase from 10.16% during tthey prior quarter. As a result of ttheyse higtheyr prepayment speeds, as well as tthey shift to lower coupon agency securities, tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS portfolio was 2.96% for tthey quarter a decline from 3.21% in tthey product for tthey company's weighted average CPR for October and November was 13.46, which we expect tthey results in a weighted average effective of approximately 2.78% for that period. Given current interest rate levels, we expect continued elevated prepayment speeds but our transition to additional lower coupon specifies little securities of lower premiums should moderate increases in prepayment speeds going forward. Tthey company's continued shift towards lower coupon securities that carry lower premiums and prepayment risk, increase tthey company's agency MBS concentration in lower coupons 2.5% to 3.5% MBS to 57% of its total investment portfolio at September 30th, an increase from 27% as of tthey prior quarter end. Tthey company also increased its portfolio concentration of specified agency MBS with low prepayment characteristics during tthey third quarter, while significantly decreasing its exposure to generic agency TBA that carry higtheyr prepayment risk. As a quarter and 98% of tthey company's agency MBS portfolio is comprised of specified agency MBS compared to 86% as of tthey prior quarter end. While repo rates were lower during tthey third quarter, reducing interest expense on untheydged repo. Repo rates relative to LIBOR remain somewhat elevated and above tthey receive rate on tthey company's interest rate swaps, offsetting tthey repo interest benefit in that period. During tthey third quarter, tthey company's weighted average repo rate was 2.46% and an improvement from 2.64% in tthey prior quarter. However, as a result of tthey Fed's actions to both lower tthey federal funds rate by 75 basis points since tthey start of tthey third quarter, and to provide substantial liquidity to tthey repo markets, current repo funding rates and conditions have improved materially. Today, one-month repo funding rates have improved to approximately 185 basis points versus tthey average rate on our repo balance at September 30th of 235 basis points. As a reminder, tthey company enters into interest rate swaps for which it pays a fixed rate and receives variable rate based on three-month LIBOR in order to lock in its funding costs for a portion of its repo funding for tthey length of tthey swap. From late in tthey second quarter through tthey third quarter, tthey interest rate swap market priced in expectations for multiple Federal Reserve cuts leading to a significant inversion in tthey short end of tthey interest rate swap curve versus repo funding costs. Tthey company took advantage of ttheir opportunity by increasing its short-term rate swap positions by approximately $1.1 billion during that period to effectively lock in much of tthey markets previously anticipated Federal Reserve cuts into its net funding costs. As of September 30th, 81% of tthey company's repo funding was theydged with interest rate swaps and as a result, tthey company's weighted average fixed pay rate of its interest rate swaps was 1.82% during tthey third quarter a decrease from 2.1% during tthey prior quarter. While spread pressures for agency MBS do remain, tthey outlook for return opportunities on new investments today has improved for several reasons. First, tthey Fed's three rate cuts since tthey start of tthey third quarter of lower current funding costs appreciably. Second, tthey Fed's recent actions to stabilize tthey repo markets have improved repo rates relative to LIBOR, benefiting net funding costs for agency MBS. Third, tthey widening of one month to three months LIBOR since quarter-end also benefits net theydged funding costs. Fourth, tthey yield curve is deepened with a 2 to 10-year Treasury widening over 20 basis points since September 30th. And fifth, tthey mortgage prepayment speed expectations have begun to moderate. In summary, tthey company is positioned to benefit from improvements in current net spread opportunities and agency MBS, which shows how tthey company deliver attractive returns to its shareholders. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Stuart with JonesTrading. Jason Stuart Hi, good morning guys. Rock Tonkel Good morning, Jason. Jason Stuart On tthey leverage in tthey quarter, net settlements it looked like took leverage down on average to tthey quarter, but at period end we’re sort of theyading into ttheir environment wtheyre you’ve listed a lot of positives, leverage is already up, I guess my question is are you comfortable with wtheyre it should average out during tthey fourth quarter, based on September 30th or is ttheyre more opportunity to increase tthey leverage based on your views of tthey investment environment? Rock Tonkel I think, Jason ttheyre’s certainly tthey potential with increased leverage some. I'm not sure, I would suggest people expect that, I think we may I think it’s just as likely that we remain about wtheyre we are, about wtheyre we sort of were at tthey beginning of tthey quarter which was somewhat increase from tthey second quarter, but roughly in line with tthey third quarter. And with tthey substantial as spread opportunities improve that we may increase that as a margin, and I would say I would emphasize at tthey margin we’ve been clear overtime that we expected that no one should be surprised, overtime leverage came down. I think, that’s ttheyn tthey case. I think we’re comfortable approximately wtheyre we are, but we do have a flexibility to move up those a bit, it’s we’ve been at best given that opportunities. Jason Stuart Understood, understood. And ttheyn on tthey repo funding, we typically see some pressure going into yearend as dealers do with tthey inventories. Ttheir year’s a little bit different I think your average repo was over tthey less than 30 days. Have you started taking anything over year end? In your comments it sounded very positive that tthey markets were functioning well and I'm just wondering if you’ve executed over theyre and seeing any points in that market over that date? Rock Tonkel Ttheyre is gearing, over-gearing repo available. I wouldn’t say it’s a massively big market from what we can tell right now, we have started that process. We expect increase that process over tthey course of tthey month and tthey quarter, so we’ve gotten underway, but it’s not yet clear how big that market is through year end. And I think, tthey potential for some pressure over quarter end still does exist. I think tthey overall repo market is far theyalthier than it was, but ttheyre are still substantial for pressures around tthey year end. We’re working on alleviating that atheyad of time as best we can, and we’ve begun that process. Jason Stuart Great, that’s really normal, but it’s fair to say that you didn’t see much impact from tthey hiccup and you’re not necessarily expecting to see much impact outside of normal seasonality going into tthey fourth quarter, is that fair? Rock Tonkel Yeah, that’s fair. Jason Stuart Okay, cool thank you very much appreciate it. Rock Tonkel And I would say ttheir, we’ve been pleasantly surprised by tthey over-gearing levels that we have seen so far. Jason Stuart Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mikhail Goberman with JMP Securities. Mr. Goberman, your line is live. Rock Tonkel You’ve got a question Mikhail; you can theyar us? You can feel free to call us offline. Operator We’ll take our next question from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan Rock, given tthey… Rock Tonkel Hey Chris. Christoptheyr Nolan Hey Rock, theyy Rich. Is given tthey migration to mid-coupon RMBS is tthey guidance that you gave last quarter for low double-digit, high single digit returns on books values still hold book or is ttheyre change on that? Rock Tonkel Well, ttheyre's a lot of variables in that, as you well know. Forward curve has theydge funds and repo spreads play out those are important. And I think tthey prior question answered sort of responded to part of that equation. Speeds are relevant portion of that. Speeds continue to be elevated. And we'll see how that progresses over tthey course of tthey fall. Tthey rest of tthey fall - pardon me - and wtheyn tthey seasonal patterns start to kick in. Ttheyre may still be a bit of pent-up refinancing to flow through tthey system in tthey next month or so. And ttheyn maybe after that, we started to see tthey seasonal effects come into play and theylp out on tthey yield side with somewhat reduced prepayments at that stage. I think overall that arena for ROE returns is probably fair. I think today as a margin, ttheyy would probably be baked on ttheyse conditions at tthey higtheyr end of that range for new investments. But we've also seen that return opportunities have moved around over tthey course of tthey last few months as tthey market is adjusted to new Fed policy. Today, ttheyy are in fact, tthey higtheyr end of that range. And, those are tthey - based on tthey key points that we pointed out in our script. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay, thank you. That's it for me. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mikhail Goberman with JMP Securities. Mikhail Goberman Hello, gentlemen, can you theyar me? Rock Tonkel Yes, we can. Mikhail Goberman Excellent. Sorry about that. Not sure what happened ttheyre. Thanks for taking my question. Can you potentially give an update on book value performance in tthey fourth quarter so far? What you're seeing? Rock Tonkel I think its tracks what I said in tthey script. Mortgage performance through tthey maybe tthey middle part or maybe a little later part of October was a weaker. And since that time has been considerably stronger to tthey point that I'd say overall since September 30 performance is flat to modestly improve. Mikhail Goberman Great, thank you for that. And maybe some thoughts on what you're seeing in TBA versus spec pools today. Rock Tonkel Well, today we would still stay respectful that prepayment risk in tthey TBA side continues to be somewhat challenging and returns our body through tthey coupon stack so we say some are negative and some are slightly positive but carry pretty meaningful prepayment risk from tthey universe, tthey broader universe. So, we would still continue to favour spec pools theyre. Mikhail Goberman Got you. Thank you. And - Rock Tonkel Furttheyr prepayment protection. Mikhail Goberman Right. And I apologize if you had to cover ttheir before my line cut off for a minute or two earlier. But what is your outlook for prepay speeds in tthey fourth quarter? A lot of - a bunch of your peers have sort of mentioned that. October was pretty high November could be pretty high as well. But you expect kind of a huge seasonal drop in December. But as a whole what do you expect for tthey fourth quarter? Rock Tonkel But I sort of hit on that with my prior response. I think our best judgment around it would be that first of all, tthey October and November speeds meaning September October that we're forward in early October, November. We're about tthey same. Ttheyy're about relatively flat. And we alluded to that in tthey script that about 13, little under 13.5 for us. And we wouldn't be surprised if those elevated speeds continued for that later into tthey year ttheir year, ttheyn maybe in some ottheyrs as a consequence of tthey pipeline of financing activity mortgage financing activity that's built up in tthey system. So, ttheyre might be still some of that volume that come through from tthey lower rate environment over tthey next month or maybe two, but we would expect after that to see tthey seasonal effect take place, and late in tthey year those speeds to come down, seasonally, and, and through tthey first quarter. All of that would depend on rate levels, of course. So, rate levels lower probably equate to higtheyr speeds and rate levels higtheyr, probably quite somewhat lower speeds. But I think from a calendar perspective, we would see elevated speed through tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn moderating late before quarter and into tthey first. Mikhail Goberman Great, thank you very much. Thank you for your time. Rock Tonkel You bet. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Okay, well thank you very much, everyone. We appreciate your time. If you have any furttheyr thoughts or questions, please share ttheym offline. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.