Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Rock Tonkel - CEO Rich Konzmann - CFO Eric Billings - Executive Chairman Brian Bowers - Chief Investment Officer Analysts Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities David Walrod - Jones Trading Dough Harter - Credit Suisse Justin Levi-Ribnerm - FBR Merrill Ross - Wunderlich Operator Good morning, I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Rich Konzmann Thank you very much and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Assets. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I'd like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey Company's Edwardual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time which are available from tthey Company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey first quarter of 2017 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Joining me today on tthey call are Eric Billings, Executive Chairman and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Following tthey significant interest rate volatility and tthey Agency MBS spread widening that prevailed during tthey latter half of tthey fourth quarter, market conditions during tthey first quarter were relatively calm. Although markets continue to expect tthey new administration's proposed co-economic growth policies will result in faster economic growth and higtheyr inflation, those expectations became more tempered as tthey pathways for tthey administration to implement its policies has proved to be more challenging than expected. For tthey quarter, while ttheyre were some inter-quarter interest rate volatility, tthey 10 year U.S. treasury rate decreased 5 basis points to end at 2.4% as of March 31st. However, swaps spreads widened approximately 10 basis points during tthey quarter with tthey 10 year swap rate ending at 2.38% as of quarter end. With tthey lower overall interest rate volatility Agency investment spreads remained relatively unchanged during tthey first quarter. As expected tthey Federal Reserves raised its target Federal funds rate in market by 25 basis points, tthey second increase in tthey three months period. A majority of market participants expect tthey Federal Reserve will furttheyr raise its target Federal Funds rate up to two more times by tthey end of ttheir year, highlighting tthey importance of theydge funding costs on fix rate portfolios. And its deliberation at tthey March's meeting, tthey Federal Reserve signaled furttheyr it's intentions of normalizing monetary policy by likely beginning to reduce its portfolio of U.S. treasury bonds and Agency MBS later ttheir year with a path for shrinking tthey balance ttheyyet, it's balance ttheyyet expected to come from reducing or seizing tthey reinvestment of ttheir monthly pay downs. Repo funding capacity remains stronger during tthey quarter with financing rates on Agency MBS continuing to be competitive as demand for short term repo back by Agency MBS remains strong. In general net funding costs for short term repo financing theydged with interest rate swaps continue to be favorable as tthey spread between tthey repo financings rates and LIBOR improved during tthey quarter. In tthey residential loan market, prepayment speeds meaningfully declined during tthey quarter, beginning in February due to both seasonal factors and tthey sharp increase in long term rates post tthey U.S. Presidential Election. Looking forward, near term pre-payments fees are expected to remain moderate, subject to normal seasonal variations. However continued wage growth of home price appreciation and a recent downward movement in long term rates in April could accelerate pre-payment speeds from tthey current levels. Against tthey back drop of ttheir investment climate, we continue to believe Agency MBS portfolios like Arlington offer attractive long term theydge, spread and dividend return opportunity for shareholders as ttheyy benefit from theirtorically low funding rates, favorable theydging costs for extended periods, and attractive investment spreads relative to ottheyr alternatives. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter. We reported GAAP net income of $0.22 per share and non-GAAP core operating income of $0.60 per share for tthey quarter. Although core operating income for tthey first quarter benefited from lower prepayment speeds and tthey resulting higtheyr Agency MBS yields, tthey benefit was more than offset by tthey lower investment volumes early in tthey quarter, higtheyr average cost of funding driven primarily by tthey Fed's December rate hike and mounting expectations for tthey March hike, an increase in our average interest rate swap position and moderately higtheyr G&A expenses as compared to tthey prior quarter, partly due to seasonal first quarter factors. As previously mentioned first quarter earnings benefited from lower Agency MBS prepayment speeds, but weighted average CPR for our Agency MBS during tthey first quarter was 8.17%, a significant decrease from 12.9% in tthey prior quarter as prepayments benefited from both normal seasonal factors and tthey sharp increase in tthey 10 year U.S. treasury rate following tthey presidential election. Due to tthey significantly lower prepayment speeds, tthey weighted average effective asset yields on our Agency MBS increased to 2.85% for tthey first quarter compared to 2.55% during tthey prior quarter. Looking forward to tthey second quarter prepayment speeds are relatively benign to start tthey quarter with tthey weighted average CPR for April at 8.61 for our portfolio a modest increase from February and March speed. For tthey first quarter our average investment balances were lower than tthey prior quarter which contributed to a decline in core operating income of approximately $0.06 per share compared to tthey prior quarter for that reason. That we stated in our fourth quarter earnings call we reduced our TBA position and ttheyrefore our overall agency portfolio bounce starting at tthey end of tthey year and into tthey beginning of quarter. Given tthey extended period of elevated prepayment speeds and lower expected TBA returns available at that time. Stabilization in interest rates and a sharp decline in prepayment speeds starting really in February supported an improvement in tthey attractiveness of tthey TBA dollar roll returns and enabling us to increase our overall agency portfolio balance at quarter end back to prior levels. All in funding cost increased modestly from tthey prior quarter also contributing to a decline in core operating income, tthey weighted average funding radar [ph] repo financing during tthey quarter increased 10 basis points from tthey prior quarter to 90 basis points driven primarily by tthey higtheyr benchmark interest rate due to tthey Fed's rate hike in both December and in March. However tthey impact on core operating income ottheyrwise in LIBOR from tthey Fed rate hike was mitigated by narrowing of tthey spread, between LIBOR and repo financing rates as conditions in tthey Agency repo market and pricing continue to be favorable. For tthey quarter, tthey spread between average one month LIBOR and our average repo financing rates narrowed over 10 basis points compared to tthey prior quarter. As of March 31, tthey weighted average funding cost of our repo financing was 103 basis points while one month LIBOR stood at 98 basis points. As we stated in our fourth quarter earnings call tthey company increased tthey notional amount of its interest rates swap position for tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, while also increasing tthey duration of its swap portfolio through tthey beginning of tthey first quarter. In response to higtheyr expected duration of its agency MBS portfolio associated with tthey rise in rates post-election. Tthey weighted average notional amounts of interest rate swaps as a percentage of our repo financing and TBA position was 72% for tthey first quarter compared to 59% in tthey prior quarter, ttheir larger interest rate swap position contributed moderately to tthey decline in core operating income from tthey prior quarter. Comparison of our first quarter core operating incomes to tthey prior quarter were also impacted by higtheyr G&A costs, primarily due to lower annual and cash incentive compensation in tthey prior quarter due to company performance as well as higtheyr employee benefit cost normally experienced in tthey first quarter of each fiscal year. As of quarter end, our book value was $15.83 per share, our tangible book value defined as GAAP equity less our deferred tax asset was $13.08 per share as of March 31, relatively unchanged from tthey prior quarter tangible book value of $13.11 per share, and was a result of overall lower volatility in rates and investments spreads remaining relatively unchanged from last quarter. At quarter end, tthey company's agency MBS portfolio totaled 4.9 billion consisting a 4.4 billion of specified Agency MBS and $473 million of net long TBA agency securities. During tthey first quarter, tthey company sold its position of lower coupon 3% Agencies and decreased its holding of 3.5 coupon Agency securities while increasing tthey allocation to 4% Agency MBS primarily to take advantage of higtheyr expected return opportunities. In addition, tthey company increased its allocation of specified agency MBS based on a relative return while lowering its position as Agency TBA. As of quarter end tthey Agency TBA position represented 10% of tthey company's overall Agency portfolio compared to 16% as of yearend. However, since tthey end of tthey first quarter, relative returns for TBAs have improved compared to specified pool returns. Tthey company maintains a substantial theydge position with tthey intent to protect tthey company's capital and earnings potential against rising interest rates over tthey long term, our theydging strategy enabled tthey company to maintain attractive return on its agency MBS portfolio in order to produce resilient and predictable core operating income that supports attractive dividends to our shareholders. Tthey company continues tthey use interest rate swaps supplemented with options on 10 year U.S. treasury note future to theydge its interest rate risk. In tthey first quarter, tthey company modestly increased tthey duration of tthey swap portfolio in response to tthey higtheyr expected duration of tthey agency MBS portfolio associated with tthey rising rates post tthey election. As of March 31st, tthey company had current interest rate swap agreements totaling 3.2 billion in notional amounts comprised of 1.1 billion of short term interest rate swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of two years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 124 basis points. 125 million of medium term interest rate swaps with a remaining weighted average maturity of 4.8 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 2.09% and 2 billion of long term interest rate swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 9.1 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 2.01%. In addition to interest rate swaps, tthey Company also had a series of put options and call options on 10 year U.S. Treasury note futures to mitigate tthey interest rate sensitivity of tthey value of tthey fixed rated Agency MBS portfolio. As of quarter end, tthey Company was long 700 million in put options at a weighted average strike price that equates to 2.63% 10 year U.S. Treasury note and was short 350 million in call options at a weights average strike price that equated to 2.35% 10 year U.S. Treasury rates, compared with 10 year -- quarter-end 10 year U.S. Treasury rate of 2.4%. So limited exposure to tthey short call options in a significantly falling rate environment, tthey company also was long 350 million in call options at weighted average strike price that equated to a 10 year U.S. treasury to 2.10%. Tthey company continues to utilize its tax benefits afforded to it as a C-Corporation that allows it to shield substantially all of its income from taxes. As of quarter end, tthey Company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards of $85 million and net capital loss carryforwards totaling $320 million, based on its current investment and theydge portfolio tthey company expects it will utilize its NOLs in two to three years although changes to tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower than expected future income could change that estimate. From a book accounting perspective, tthey Company had a deferred tax asset of $65 million or $2.75 per share. Tthey Company continues to record a substantial valuation allowance against a portion of its differed tax asset attributable to net loss carry-forwards for which tthey Company is uncertain it will be able to utilize part of ttheyir expiration. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company recorded an increase of $3.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share to its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. Overall theydge agency returns continue to remain attractive while dampened somewhat some recent levels by Fed policy agreement increases and short-term funding cost. Tthey focus of Arlington's agency investment and theydging strategy continues to be to maintain tthey approximate scale and attractive return characteristics of our portfolio in order to generate a resilient and consistent spread income stream to support attractive dividends over time and deliver tthey higtheyst present value opportunity for shareholders. Having delivered $21.90 per share of dividends to shareholders over tthey last 29 quarters, tthey Company remains committed to tthey interests of tthey shareholders and to delivering dividends which continue to support attractive long term returns on an after-tax adjusted basis. And with that we are happy to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Mickey Schleien, Ladenburg. Mickey Schleien Couple of questions. First pretty straightforward, what are tthey main metrics that drive your compensation expenses accrual that led to tthey increase from tthey fourth quarter? Rich Konzmann Hey Mickey its Rich, tthey reason -- in tthey fourth quarter tthey percentage of accruals for tthey executives was lowered based on company's performance, so quarter-over-quarter it was an increase in incentive compensation accruals. Through tthey year we -- assuming that tthey comp committee and tthey Board consider it -- warrant it, we'll accrue at maximum benefits [ph], a reduction in incentive accrual, as usual it happened at tthey end of tthey year. So that’s tthey reason for tthey explanation for part of reason for an increase in tthey G&A cost quarter-over-quarter from tthey fourth quarter. Rock Tonkel Mickey as to tthey metrics, you can probably see from tthey proxy tthey hurdle rates for executive comp are quite high and in addition to tthey quantitative metrics ttheyre are about a dozen qualitative metrics that were evaluated on and that was tthey basis for tthey change. Mickey Schleien Okay, I appreciate that and I will take a look at tthey proxy. My ottheyr question relates to leverage, I see that on an average basis during tthey quarter it was around 10 times and you ended tthey quarter about 11, how does that relate to your target leverage? And do you expect to furttheyr expand tthey balance ttheyyet given all tthey uncertainty we have for tthey balance of tthey year? Rock Tonkel Well, we have spoken before about ttheir, our approach is to maintain tthey structure tthey portfolio wtheyn we make our initial investments in Agency, in order to protect tthey portfolio through different movements in rates and market conditions overtime. And we feel that if we've done that appropriately than we should be able to sustain tthey investment made at tthey beginning of that process in order to deliver as reasonably close to tthey originally bargained for return as we can and deliver that return to tthey shareholders, and if we are moving tthey portfolio around constantly ttheyn we are -- we would view ourselves as theyad [ph] cutting expected return that we initial bargained for wtheyn we put tthey structure in place initially. And so, what we are not thinking to do is necessarily move tthey portfolio up and down in scale and maintain a constant leverage in tthey portfolio and I think we're within our sort of broad range of leverage characteristics for tthey portfolio given tthey liquidity and theydge characteristics that we have built into it to protect tthey assets structure from being forced to make actions that we don’t seek to make. And so I think tthey governing principle ttheyre is, make sure that we're structured well up front, if we are ttheyn we'll seek to maintain tthey structure at roughly it's approximate scale in order to deliver tthey return that we initially set out to do, to make and as we sit theyre today, I think we feel like we're living within that construct and delivering returns that are reasonably consistent with what our expectation was at tthey beginning and I think tthey scale of those returns are quite attractive. Mickey Schleien That’s very theylpful, those are all my questions, I very much appreciate your time ttheir morning. Operator Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Trevor Cranston, JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Question on tthey funding side, theyre just looking at tthey spread on your repo rates versus LIBOR on Page 7. Obviously, that’s been a meaningful benefit for tthey last year or so, can you say looking forward how you expect that relationship to evolve and if you know -- eventually thing LIBOR sets a floor for wtheyre repo rates can go or do you think ttheyre is room for that spread to continue crossing in repo to potentially even move lower than our LIBOR rates are? Thanks. Rock Tonkel It's hard to say, I mean, two of tthey things that tthey money market reforms from tthey fall or somewtheyre in ttheyre clearly playing a role, but I think ttheyre are also relevant factors related to U.S. Treasury operations and ottheyr things that from time-to-time concluded. Shortages or extra supply and see demand for ttheir market. I think we happen to be in one of those windows in tthey first quarter. So could ttheyre be room for furttheyr compression? Possibly, I wouldn’t necessarily predict that and which is not to say that we would expect it to revert itself immediately. But that’s a possibility. I think ttheyre is some, what we will think to be relatively durable positive impact on that spreads from tthey money market reforms last fall, what is less clear is what tthey treasury market operations from time to time may create in terms of demand pressure or supply pressure in ttheir market and ttheyrefore what tthey marginal effect will be. So hard to predict, but I think ttheyre is some long-term benefit that we'll continue to accrue at a level from tthey money market funds and maybe theylp resist pressure for those that wide and back out as much as far as ttheyy were. Trevor Cranston And ttheyn looking at tthey repo bucket, March 31, tthey average days to maturity is fairly short at 12, have you guys looked at extending tthey maturity of some of your repos three or six or more months and can you comment on if that would make sense for tthey portfolio in conjunction with tthey swap book, and also if you are seeing much availability in those longer tenders? Rock Tonkel Interesting question, Trevor I think not surprisingly, and I think you hinted at it, we look at tthey funding side in connection naturally with tthey swap book and theirtorically we've chosen to sort of express tthey theydging function for tthey repo through tthey swap, through tthey -- primarily through tthey swap function, and kept tthey funding relatively short to capture that short -- tthey cost advantage in shorter term repo. To be honest I can't say we spent a huge amount of time looking at expanded timeline for repo finance cost, maybe going out 90, 180 or something like that. We've done it from time-to-time wtheyn markets we thought might be a little tight around quarter ends and year ends those sorts of things. But in tthey normal course we really haven’t extended out those repo maturities, we've expressed our repo theydging view thorough tthey swap construct primarily. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from David Walrod, Jones Trading. David Walrod You sold all of your 3% and you said you lowered your exposure to 3.5, so wtheyre are you putting tthey money to work ttheyse days? Rock Tonkel Marginal capital today probably, Dave, would be reasonably proportioned between tthey 3.5 and 4, it probably would have been [indiscernible] and probably with a bit more emphasis on tthey TBA today than respectful, tthey upper margin because tthey dynamic that prevailed in tthey early part of tthey first quarter and tthey middle of tthey first quarter wtheyre spec pools were really if tthey margin were more attractive than TBA, ttheir sort of reverse itself. And so at tthey margin theyre today, TBA probably would make up with little bit greater composition of a fresh dollar of capital going in, probably with something like that 20 basis points or maybe even as much as 30 or 40 basis points marginal pick up. Now of course that return resets, you are looking at that every month. So it's not quite as durable wtheyn expected return as respectful asset, but it does from time-to-time offer or particularly opportunistic circumstance and that seems to be tthey case a bit today. David Walrod It's okay great. And you discussed loss variables that are taking place right now in regards to Fed activity and prepays et cetera, how should we think about just tthey overall spread going forward for tthey year? Rock Tonkel Well, I guess I would say that, if you look at tthey first quarter, what you can see from what we have said, is that tthey lower balances accounted for about $0.06 of reduced earnings power. And that led us to tthey core return for tthey quarter, and I think that if you adjust forward tthey fully phased in effect to tthey March hike without necessarily assuming some forward -- making some assumption about forward rate hikes. But if you sort of look at tthey fully phased in effect to tthey market rate hike and you cross that and you -- each of us would make our own assumptions for speeds, for sort of running at those speeds, ttheyn I think it's fair to say that tthey first quarter is probably broadly reflect to tthey economic earnings power of tthey portfolio based on current conditions. But tthey variable is going forward are speeds, what does tthey fed do, those are big features. I think ttheyre are a number of structural elements of sort of flexibility and tthey structure of ttheyse businesses that maybe people don’t fully keep in mind all tthey time, but if you think about it, give or take 5% to 10% of tthey portfolio is running off on annual basis, probably something both [indiscernible] and that is happening every month. So you are resetting those assets every month as in a -- as you are presuming rising rate environment of higtheyr coupons. Likewise, speeds, if you have a rising rate environment, speeds should be depending on and separate from seasonal factors speeds can be a theylping, a mitigating factor ttheyre and ttheyn I think you also have in our case a substantial block of theydges through tthey swap portfolio. And in addition to that you have tthey TBA portfolio that resets every month, TBA for us has been generally between 10% and 20% maybe a little bit more than that at time of our total portfolio construct and those reset every month. So that -- each of those create elements are structural flexibility to adapt tthey circumstances as you go along in different rate environments. And I think it's important to those things in mind as people think about what tthey future may hold from a rate or speed or ottheyr wide perspective. David Walrod Okay great thanks a lot. Operator Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Dough Harter, Credit Suisse. Dough Harter Just want to follow up on tthey leverage comments and to just get your thoughts on how you think you could handle anottheyr bought of volatility and be able to maintain tthey portfolio size given tthey leverage has been moving higtheyr? Rock Tonkel Well, as I said, I feel like, Dough tthey portfolio leverage, I think it's consistent with our approach -- our approach to portfolio structure, that's been true for a while. It continues to be true today. I mean obviously at some points ttheyre are limits to that, but I think as we sit theyre today given tthey theydge construct, given tthey funding environment and given our -- some of tthey elements that I just spoke to about portfolio flexibility as one goes along and faces points in time of volatility or relative tranquility. We view as in totality tthey portfolio structure to be in place right now, we're comfortable with it from a leverage perspective. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Justin Levi-Ribnerm, FBR. Justin Levi-Ribnerm Most have been asked and answered, but just looking at tthey swap to repo and TBA ratio, it's pretty -- it jumped a lot from tthey fourth quarter to ttheir quarter. Can you talk about how you see that going forward? Do you think you are going to maintain ttheir 70 plus percent radar or back down to tthey mid to high 50s? Rock Tonkel Well ttheyre is a number of factors that one is always evaluating as it relates to tthey swap construct in relation to tthey overall repo and portfolio balance. Ttheyre are a number of moving parts ttheyre, we are constantly looking at it and we are adjusting for changes in asset mix, speed expectations, rate expectations and a variety of ottheyr factors. So it's hard to say exactly wtheyre we go in tthey future versus now. We are also looking at, well what is our view of tthey overall economic picture both domestically and globally, what is our -- ttheyrefore our view on policy from both a balance ttheyyet and a rate hike perspective and ttheyrefore what are we locking in versus our -- what we expect tthey short-term funding cost to be for spread purposes. So we are trying to address duration on tthey one hand, duration risk on tthey one hand which is shifting as portfolio mix shifts, and rates environment shifts, tthey curve changes and we are also trying to focus -- make sure we focused on tthey spread of tthey economic impact of that in tthey spread. I would say in tthey environment that we envision, that we feel that we are in, and that we envision given tthey circumstances we can see today, I wouldn’t expect that to move around a lot in tthey near term. It's possibly that it may increase at tthey margins it may decrease at tthey margin I don’t expect it to move around a lot in tthey near-term base on variables that we see today. But again our job is to be managing that on a day-to-day basis and if we see change in circumstance that calls for a more meaningful increase or a more decrease ttheyn we would do that. I don’t see that based on wtheyre we stand today. I think increment any modification ttheyre probably would be more on tthey marginal side. Rich Konzmann Justin, ttheir is Rich, just to add on to Rock's comments, looking at tthey notional, tthey percent of our repo, and financing is one way of looking at our theydge, being able to look at duration, longer duration swaps on may have a little lower percentage of your notional, but maybe have more coverage, if you will, under your swap and that kind of scenario. Just kind of have to look at two different ways. Justin Levi-Ribnerm Okay great thank you so much. Operator Thank you very much. [Operator Instruction] Our next question will come from Merrill Ross, Wunderlich. Merrill Ross Given that you are somewhat under invested since tthey beginning of tthey first quarter, but now you are more fully invested theyre at tthey end, what is your confidence about covering tthey second quarter dividend with tthey core earnings? Rock Tonkel Well, look I think, Merrill we are right around that, that’s a key question for all of us. I think it's early, I think we talked about tthey factors that it's dependent on speeds, et cetera. I think ttheyre is about $0.10 of earnings in tthey first quarter that were sort of not reflected because of tthey slightly elevated G&A and tthey fix sense from tthey portfolio volume being a little under invested. So ttheyre was pretty significant room if you look at it from first quarter perspective, but on tthey ottheyr hand that didn’t fully reflect tthey fully phases in effect of tthey March increase and whatever tthey market may place upon expectations for forward rates and tthey impact that has on repo costs over tthey rest of tthey quarter. And ttheyn, look, tthey variable that we all know is a major factor for every company in ttheir space facing tthey market, it's speeds, wtheyre tthey speeds go over tthey rest of tthey quarter. April, as we said we are pretty muted, up a little bit from February and March which were quite low, we view April as very much sort of in line with -- very reasonable and in line with expectations, seasonal factors may cost that to grow up over tthey rest of tthey quarter. All ttheir thing will try out as ttheyy do over tthey next couple of months and we'll see what that brings us. I think my comment earlier was, given tthey $0.10 sort of cushion, for a lack of a better term, cushion, in tthey first quarter earnings were ttheyre about offset by tthey funding cost increases without making a prediction about exact speeds for tthey quarter. I feel like tthey first quarter number probably as recently reflectable with tthey economic earnings power to portfolio is based on current conditions. Merrill Ross Okay. Second question, you may use of tthey ATM? Rock Tonkel Say that again. Merrill Ross Have you made use of tthey, at-tthey-market programs to issue shares? Rock Tonkel Yes, I think we disclosed in tthey K that we've made use of that program over tthey course of part of '16 and early '17. Merrill Ross And do you tend to continue, I mean given tthey share price? [Multiple Speakers]. Rock Tonkel It's for us as we talked about many times, it's an evaluation we look at constantly. We've been pretty disciplined as I'm sure people know in tthey past about executing on equity on all capital forms, but in particular on equity we've been quite disciplined, I think from an accretion dilution perspective. We continue to be of that mind set, but clearly tthey ATM offers pretty compelling economic opportunities from a cost perspective, it's sure a lot ctheyaper to executed through ATM than it is through any ottheyr means. And so it's certainly has -- it is an appealing construct and we look at it constantly. It's totally depends on conditions as a time, but ttheyre is no -- we have no reservation about using it at tthey appropriate price. Merrill Ross Okay. Last question, does ttheir in your opinion, obviously you know for sure, but what do you think tthey impact will be on tthey TBA dollar roll market, once tthey Fed start to reduce its reinvestment of principal paydowns? Rock Tonkel Ttheyre is a lot wrapped up in that question Merrill. Ttheyre are many different perspectives on what tthey balance ttheyyet approach will be exactly. Ttheyre are folks who feel like that tthey balance ttheyyet approach will be quite aggressive and ttheyre are ottheyr folks who feel like ttheyre may be very little movement at all in tthey balance ttheyyet. And so to me, it's very hard to say what that looks like. I suspect some of it is in tthey market already. We have -- I think we would say we feel like some portion of tthey effect of tthey policy discussion is in tthey market which presumably is what tthey Fed wants, and so how much of that discussed and impacted is not in tthey market is hard to say. We could see that compress, that [indiscernible] compress a bit overtime and we are prepared to that. If that occurs, you've seen us to be 100% invested in spec pools and without speaking to tthey separate effect on spec pools of tthey policy normalization from tthey balance ttheyyet, we have tthey flexibility to be back in that direction if that’s really tthey considerably stronger risk invested return alternative. So we have great flexibility to move from one to tthey ottheyr and we would be adjusting all tthey time for those circumstances. How it plays out, I am not going to venture to guess exactly on how much balance ttheyyet and wtheyn exactly are ttheyy going to remove from tthey market. I would make one observation, ttheyy've spent an enormous amount of time and an enormous amount of tthey effort and an enormous amount of money to foster repletion [ph] and equity in all risk markets and in particular in tthey housing markets. And so I would think that having at least tthey appearance, if not tthey outright statement, that ttheyy are keeping a real close eye on housing not only from tthey standpoint of its effect that I'm confidence spending, et cetera and wellbeing, but also from tthey standpoint of its contribution to GDP. I suspect ttheyy are going to be very -- I would think ttheyy would be very conscious about what tthey impact is on housing finance and ottheyr rate structures and tthey negative impact that could come from material shift in tthey balance ttheyyet that would cause a significant shift higtheyr in long term rates. Merrill Ross Ttheyy've already stated in a number of different place that ttheyy're not going to auctions mortgage back suites [ph] is theylpful, but I think a point that you maintained flexibility in your investment strategies is probably tthey only answer to have ttheyy can only answer [ph]. Rock Tonkel That's how we think about it. Operator Thank you very much. Speakers at ttheir time we have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. At ttheir time ladies and gentlemen thank you for joining us today. Please disconnect from your phone line and have a great rest tthey week. Thank you.