Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann - EVP, Treasurer & CFO Rock Tonkel - President, CEO & Director Conference Call Participants Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Joshua Bolton - Crédit Suisse Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much, and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement.  I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings, our Executive Chairman; and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer.  Fourth quarter market conditions were challenging, particularly late in tthey quarter, characterized by a strong risk off sentiment; theyightened volatility, a nearly 40 basis point rally in tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rate; and significant widening of spreads across fixed-income products, including agency MBS; which reduced book values appreciably for companies like Arlington.  However, 2019 has gotten off to a strong positive start with a favorable investment environment for agency MBS, marked by meaningfully lower volatility and capital accretion as well as theyalthy speed -- excuse me, spread and earnings opportunities. Strong funding conditions and muted prepayment speeds continue to prevail.  In ttheir environment, Arlington experienced a 6% recovery in book value during January to $9.22 per share, while also beginning tthey year with reduced risk of book value volatility and enhanced resiliency in ttheir investment portfolio, driven by lower leverage at year-end.  Since tthey end of January, conditions for agency MBS have continued to be favorable. In tthey fourth quarter, tthey Treasury rate curve flattened as tthey spread between two year and 10-year U.S. Treasury rate narrowed 4 basis points to 20 basis points. Additionally, tthey Federal Reserve raised tthey target federal funds rate by 25 basis points in December. As markets decline in tthey wake of ttheyse and ottheyr events, tthey Federal Reserve struck a considerably more dovish tone at its January meeting as it signaled to markets that it would be prepared to adjust its balance ttheyyet normalization policy while also not committing to furttheyr increases to tthey federal funds rate in tthey near term. Today, market participants no longer expect additional increases to tthey federal funds rate in 2019, a positive for investors and agency MBS, like Arlington. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter. We reported a GAAP net loss of $0.87 per share, which includes $1.11 per share deferred tax benefit, resulting in a pretax loss of $1.98 per share. Non-GAAP core operating income was $0.44 per share for tthey quarter, which was in excess of our quarterly dividend of $0.375 per common share. Core operating income compared to tthey prior quarter was impacted primarily by higtheyr repo funding and swap rates, lower leverage, offset by higtheyr agency MBS yields and lower G&A expenses.  During tthey third quarter, tthey company was well positioned against rising long-term interest rates with tthey company's agency investment portfolio comprised of a significant proportion of higtheyr coupon securities along with an ongoing substantial long-duration interest rate theydge position. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey combination of tthey abrupt fall in long-term rates and tthey substantial widening of agency MBS spreads, relative to benchmark interest rates, led to losses on tthey company's interest rate theydges, markedly exceeding tthey gains on its agency MBS investments. However, since December 31, volatility has subsided significantly, leading to agency spreads retracing a solid proportion of ttheyir moves from tthey fourth quarter. And as a consequence, tthey company's book value recovered 6% from year-end to $9.22 per share as of January 31. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company reduced its recourse leverage and overall book value sensitivity. Tthey company's total recourse leverage, measured as tthey company's repo financing and TBA commitments less cash to total investable capital, decreased nearly a turn from last quarter to end at 10.6% as of December 31.  As of year-end, tthey company's total agency MBS portfolio totaled $4 billion, consisting solely of specified agency MBS, a decline from $5.2 billion as of September 30. With tthey decline in tthey available TBA dollar roll advantage relative to specified agency MBS funded with repo throughout tthey quarter, tthey company closed its net long TBA position as of December 31. Tthey resulting lower average leverage contributed to an approximate $0.03 per share decline in core operating income compared to tthey prior quarter.  Since year-end, tthey company has increased its investment portfolio to approximately $4.3 billion as of January 31. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS during tthey fourth quarter was 8.25%, a significant decrease from 10.66% in tthey prior quarter and 9.55% in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS was 3.3% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 3.11% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey 19 basis points improvement in tthey effective asset yield was driven by lower prepayment speeds and new purchases at higtheyr current investment yield as a result of portfolio repositioning and reinvestment of monthly pay downs. Tthey company's prepayment speeds declined furttheyr to start tthey new year within an average CPR for tthey first two months of tthey first quarter at 7.54%, which we expect would result in a weighted average effective asset yield of approximately 3.35% for that period. Tthey company's weighted average repo funding rate was 2.43% during tthey fourth quarter, a 26 basis point increase from tthey last quarter, consistent with tthey quarterly 25 basis point increase in tthey federal funds rate. Funding markets tightened in December, resulting in a weighted average repo funding rate of 2.72% as of December 31. But since year-end, repo rates have improved, with tthey company's average repo funding rate of 2.65% as of January 31, a 7 basis point improvement. As of year-end, tthey notional amount of our interest rate swap was 84% of tthey outstanding repo funding balance. Tthey note -- tthey total notional amount of all our interest rate theydges, consisting of interest rate swaps and U.S. Treasury futures, was 92% of our outstanding repo funding and TBA purchase commitments as of December 31, an increase from 86% in total last quarter-end. With tthey sharp decline in long-term interest rates during tthey quarter, tthey expected duration of our agency MBS investment portfolio declined nearly 1 year, resulting in tthey company's duration GAAP moving to a negative 1.1 years as of December 31 compared to a negative 0.2 years as of last quarter-end. Since year-end, that number has moderated back towards 0.  For tthey direction for tthey year, tthey company's general and administrative expenses were materially lower. Richardual G&A expenses declined 28%, due primarily to lower annual short-term and long-term compensation expense, reflecting company performance as well as from reductions in noncompensation fixed expenses, more of which we believe are available to us in 2019. As we stated during last quarter's earnings call, tthey company has been evaluating possible long-term tax structures in light of our expectation that tthey company's NOL carryforwards would be fully utilized by mid-2019 as a C corporation. As a result of that evaluation, we announced at tthey end of December that our Board of Directors approved a plan for tthey company to elect to be taxed as a REIT, commencing in 2019. Tthey company can still utilize its remaining $15 million in NOL carryforwards as well as its NCL carryforwards as a REIT to reduce its taxable income and distribution requirements that provides tthey company tthey flexibility to partially retain earnings as capital.  As a result of its expected REIT election, tthey company's deferred tax assets and liabilities were eliminated for GAAP financial reporting purposes as of year-end, which also leads to our tangible book value now equaling our GAAP book value. Ttheir simplifies our financial statements and results in a similar financial presentation to ottheyr REITs. As a REIT, tthey company's theirtorical variable dividend policy will continue, and dividends will be evaluated quarterly by Arlington's board in conformity with REIT requirements. Tthey company's lower leverage provides for reduced book value volatility and enhanced portfolio resiliency going forward. While that will have some moderating influence on earnings, several positive factors offer opportunities for improvement in long-term returns going forward.  First, tthey substantial widening of tthey agency MBS spreads during 2018 has increased tthey current returns available on purchases of new agency MBS. Second, tthey recent widening of agency MBS investment spreads has resulted in tthey basis spreads of a newly repurchase agency investment being better protected or less price-sensitive. Third, tthey recent dovish tone from tthey fed has reduced expectations of future rate hikes, which should benefit funding costs going forward. Fourth, repo funding availability for our agency MBS continues to be strong and funding spreads to LIBOR are currently attractive. Fifth, our G&A to capital -- current capital ratio was lower by approximately 150 basis points over tthey year, and we feel opportunities exist for some additional reductions in fixed expenses. In summary, tthey agency MBS spread widening that occurred during tthey fourth quarter has coincided with a shift to tthey overall economic and policy environment, setting tthey stage for compelling investment terms in tthey mid-teens on agency MBS today. Ttheir dynamic, combined with our shareholder-aligned internal management structure, makes us optimistic about future opportunities as we begin Arlington's next chapter as a REIT.  Operator, I'd like to now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston You mentioned tthey leverage number came down a little bit in tthey fourth quarter, and you also mentioned, I guess, that book value is, obviously, up somewhat since tthey end of tthey year, and you mentioned that you had added some MBS as well. Can you talk about, generally speaking, how you're thinking about tthey leverage number going forward compared to wtheyre you finittheyyd up tthey year at? Rock Tonkel Thanks, Trevor. So as you know, Trevor, we've sounded tthey ttheyme over time that folks shouldn't be surprised to see if over time we were gently reducing leverage, and I think tthey move in tthey fourth quarter is consistent with that. I think tthey -- we were mindful of tthey rising volatility during tthey fourth quarter, and so we thought it was opportune to take actions that were consistent with that longer-term ttheyme. I think given tthey capital accretion in tthey first quarter and potentially some modest increase in tthey leverage from year-end, that sustains tthey balances today. And I would expect that tthey -- without stating a target or anything like that, that tthey overall trend that I've stated before, would continue, but specifically that leverage probably would remain in that range between wtheyre we were at year-end and wtheyre we were at tthey end of tthey third quarter. And I think that's supportive of our balances that are in tthey neighborhood of tthey balances on tthey books as of tthey end of January. Trevor Cranston Got it, okay. And ttheyn you also made a comment wtheyn you were talking about tthey net duration position of tthey portfolio, that it moved back to approximately 0 since tthey end of tthey year. Is that solely through tthey MBS positions you added? Or can you maybe add some color on any ottheyr changes you might have made to tthey theydge book since tthey end of tthey year to get tthey duration back to 0? Rock Tonkel What I said was that it had trended back toward 0. Meaning at tthey end of tthey year, it was negative 1.1, wtheyreas at tthey end of tthey prior quarter, it had been, I think, negative 0.2. And I think it's trended back gently in tthey direction of wtheyre it had been. That's a combination of a variety of factors, but it's a combination of some fine-tuning in tthey portfolio, some modest fine-tuning in tthey theydge, nothing really significant, and price changes that have occurred in that intervening period of time, which have been favorable -- sorry, changes in tthey bonds. Trevor Cranston Right. Yes, got it. And ttheyn last thing, you made a brief comment at tthey end about tthey expense ratio and having some potential to decrease your fixed expense base furttheyr ttheir year. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on that comment a little bit. And how much room you think you have to drive that down ttheir year? Rock Tonkel Sure. I think it went sort of tthey following tthey way: noncompensation fixed expenses were down some in 2018, as we suggested in tthey script. And while those were not sort of monumental in size, every dollar transmits straight through to tthey shareholders. And in a generally reasonably strong economic environment, particularly late in tthey cycle, it's not necessarily common that one would find opportunities to reduce fixed expenses wtheyn ttheyre's unemployment at tthey ranges of that and ottheyr factors. But -- so every dollar that you can garner in that regard is a positive for your G&A to capital ratio and for transmission directly of those dollars to distributable income. So it's relevant. It's not a huge amount, but it's relevant. And we think that ttheyre is some incremental amount available next year in 2019 as well. And I think tthey amount maybe in 2018 was $0.5 million, maybe a little bit more than that, and I suspect ttheyre might be something of that magnitude or a little more than that potentially available to us in 2019. Ttheyre's no guarantees, but every incremental amount of that contributes to distributable income for tthey shareholders. Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan On tthey tax provision issue, given that tthey DTL is gone but you're not electing to become a REIT until year-end 2019, should we expect furttheyr income tax provisions for at least in tthey first half of 2019 or so? Richard Konzmann Chris, ttheir is Rich. No, we will not -- for financial statement purposes, we'll no longer have any income tax provisions in our income statement, no deferred tax assets or liabilities. So we effectively are acting as a REIT for tthey entire fiscal year 2019, starting in tthey first quarter. So no, you'll no longer see tax provisions or deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities in our financial statements. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. My follow-up would be on tthey CPRs declining. Is that just reflecting a change in tthey rate environment? Is it a change in tthey portfolio? Is it seasonal? Just trying to get a little color on that, please. Richard Konzmann It's Rich, again. I'd say it's a combination of all those factors. Ttheyre's certainly a seasonality component. Typically, tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter are usually your lowest quarters in terms of speeds, just because of seasonality of wtheyn people move and things of that nature, and ttheyre's also an element of just wtheyre rates are. Ttheyy're still above tthey theirtorical amounts we had several years ago, so a lot of people are priced out of ugly financing. And also it's a factor of ttheir home price appreciation starting to moderate. People's homes aren't appreciating as fast ttheyy were a year or 2 or 3 ago. So again, reducing people's opportunities to refinance on ttheyir loans. Rock Tonkel I'd say, in our case specifically, Chris, we also benefit from a pretty concentrated position in specified pools with prepayment restrictions that are pretty robust. So that has benefited us as well as tthey larger -- as well as tthey larger trend items that Rich alluded to. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. And just a housekeeping item. Tthey cost basis of tthey portfolio -- agency portfolio increased quarter-over-quarter, that's just really allocating capital from tthey TBAs into balance ttheyyet portfolio? Richard Konzmann That's correct, Chris. So it's a -- our total portfolio was down, but most of that was in tthey TBA book. So if you're looking at just our specified agency MBS, tthey balances didn't change as much. But most of tthey change in our overall investment profile was in tthey reduction in our TBA book. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Doug Harter of Crédit Suisse. Joshua Bolton Ttheir is actually Joshua for Doug. Just given tthey fed hike -- fed rate hike expectations ttheir year, what are you guys seeing from repo lenders, both in terms of demand for your repo? And also, can you talk about any opportunities to maybe lower funding costs throughout tthey rest of tthey year? Rock Tonkel So a couple of thoughts. Tthey trend over time continues wtheyre funding opportunities are readily available and, in fact, demand really exceeds our need. I suspect that may be true for ottheyrs in tthey industry as well, probably is. Wtheyre demand exceeds our need for that funding, ttheyre are several counterparties today that we just don't have enough demand to meet ttheyir supply. Meaning -- so we've got underutilized funding books that are available to us going forward, and I think that's a signal about tthey robustness of tthey funding markets. Funding costs tightened up a little bit at year-end, as ttheyy often do, as markets were tight. And ttheyy've backed down, as I said in tthey script, by 6, 7, 8 basis points, something like that. Tthey curve is pretty flat, right? So your swap rates today on new dollars invested really aren't that much different from your cash repo funding cost. So I'm not sure I'd speculate on wtheyre that all trends over tthey year, but it seems to us that tthey overall supply demand for repo is quite positive. Repo spreads to LIBOR are in line to favorable, and tthey overall policy and rate environment seems to be fairly benign, all of which are positive for Arlington and companies like it in ttheir space in terms of return opportunities going forward at a time wtheyn mortgages have widened and create more spread opportunity than ttheyy did before. So I'd say all that is -- all that we see is generally favorable. And without making a prediction about what tthey fed will or won't do and what rates -- what rate increases may or may not happen, as it looks today, tthey environment is, again, benign and favorable. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Thank you very much. We appreciate your time and look forward to talking in tthey future. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.