Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 7, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Rich Konzmann - EVP, CFO & Treasurer  Rock Tonkel - President & CEO Analysts Christoptheyr Levi-Ribnerm - FBR Capital Markets Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities David Walrod - Jones Trading Fred Small - Compass Point Research Operator I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Rich Konzmann Thank you very much and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I'd like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations which are subject to change risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey Company's Zacharyual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time which are available from tthey Company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks.  Rock Tonkel Good morning. Fourth quarter began with a relatively benign start. However, that quickly changed with tthey surprising Presidential election results triggering a major repricing of financial assets. Tthey new administration's pro-growth policies have raised market expectations for faster economic growth and higtheyr inflation.  In turn, ttheir has led to increased demand for equity assets and tthey sell-off in U.S. Treasuries, driving tthey 10-year Treasury to up approximately 100 basis points during tthey quarter. In tthey agency MBS market, tthey dramatic increase in rates and volatility led to widening in agency MBS spreads relative to swap and U.S. Treasury rates which in turn led to underperformance of agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges. Ttheyse wider agency MBS spreads have led to more attractive investment opportunities for new agency investments.  As widely expected, tthey Federal Reserve rate has raised its target federal funds rate in December by 25 basis points, tthey first increase in a year. Tthey majority of market participants today expect that Federal Reserve will raise its target federal funds rate two times or three more times by tthey end of ttheir year, highlighting tthey importance of theydge funding costs for fixed rate portfolios.  Repo funding capacity remained strong during tthey quarter with financing rates on agency MBS continuing to be competitive. Market reform that went effective on October drove withdrawals out of prime funds and into government funds increasing tthey demand for short term repo backed by agency MBS, resulting in favorable financing rates. In general, ttheir has led to improved net funding cost for short term repo financing theydged with interest rate swaps as tthey spread between repo financing rates and LIBOR has contracted favorably.  In tthey residential loan market, prepayment speeds remained elevated during tthey fourth quarter as a result of theirtorically low interest rates, steady home price appreciation and increased lender loan origination capacity have also contributed to higtheyr loan refinance volumes. Typical seasonal declines in prepayment speeds began later in tthey quarter and from a higtheyr starting point, compared to prior periods explaining in part tthey sustained elevated prepayment speeds during tthey fourth quarter.  But those prepayment speeds did begin to move downward late in 2016 and again, ttheyy've made a downward move in early 2017. Looking forward, prepayment speeds are expected to decline meaningfully for tthey current year and aid investment returns as refinancing volumes fall in response to recent increases in mortgage rates. However, continued wage growth and home price appreciation may limit declines in speeds to some degree and a fresh downward movement in mortgage rates would likely reinvigorate prepayment speeds.  Against tthey backdrop of ttheir investment climate, we continue to believe that agency MBS portfolios like Arlington's offered attractive long term theydge spread and dividend return opportunity for shareholders, as ttheyy benefit from theirtorically low funding rates, favorable theydging costs for extended periods, attractive investment spreads relative to ottheyr alternatives, as well as tthey prospect of potential upside and returns from lower prepayments fees and increase yields.  Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter. We reported GAAP net loss of $1.79 per share and non-GAAP or core operating income of $0.64 per share unchanged from tthey prior quarter. Tthey weighted average CPR for agency MBS during tthey quarter was 12.9%, a modest increase from tthey CPR of 12.6% in tthey prior quarter, but still elevated compared to theirtorical levels.  As a reminder, tthey Company's accounting policy is to recognize tthey impact of prepayments fees on tthey agency MBS premium amortization in tthey periods in which ttheyy occur. Due to tthey slightly higtheyr prepayments fees, tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS had a modest decline to 2.55% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 2.59% during tthey prior quarter. All-in funding costs remained relatively unchanged from tthey prior quarter. Our weighted average funding rates on our repo financing during tthey quarter increased 11 basis points from tthey prior quarter to 80 basis points, driven primarily by tthey Fed's rate hike in December and year-end balance ttheyyet adjustments from repo lenders.  However, tthey impact on core operating income from tthey increase in repo financing rates was more than offset by a decrease in tthey weighted average net swap financing rates, driven by a decline in tthey fixed pay rate and tthey rise in three-month LIBOR we receive on tthey floating leg of our interest rate swaps. Tthey weighted average received rate of our interest rate swaps during tthey quarter increased 19 basis points from tthey prior quarter, 8 basis points more than tthey repo financing increase. As of today, tthey weighted average funding rate on our repo financing is approximately 84 basis points and tthey weighted average received rate on our interest rate swaps is 97 basis points, although that difference may dissipate over time.  At year-end, our book value was $16.21 per share. Our tangible book value defined as GAAP equity less our deferred tax asset was $13.11 per share as of December 31, a decrease of $1.52 per share from tthey prior quarter. Tthey key factor to tthey decrease in tangible book value was tthey underperformance of our agency MBS portfolio relative to interest rate theydges as agency MBS spreads widened relative to swap and U.S. Treasury rates. Our agency MBS portfolio decreased in value by $7.27 per share, while our interest rate theydges increased in value by $5.73 per share for a net decrease on tthey value of tthey theydged agency portfolio of $1.54 per share during tthey quarter. In a wider spread environment such as ttheir past quarter, our theydging strategy resulted in a temporary decline in book value. However, tthey Company would expect that ttheir temporary decline in book value would be recovered over time, eittheyr through future spread earnings, if spreads remain wide or through tthey reversal of ttheir temporary decline in book value, if spreads narrow.  As of year-end, tthey Company's agency MBS portfolio totaled $4.6 billion, consisting of $3.9 billion of specified agency MBS and $720 million of net long TBA agency securities. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company decreased its allocation to lower coupon 3% agency securities and increased its allocation to higtheyr coupon MBS. At tthey beginning of tthey current year, tthey Company continued to take advantage of higtheyr return opportunities by reducing its allocation to lower coupon agency MBS and increasing its allocation to higtheyr coupon bonds with higtheyr expected returns.  During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company maintained a meaningful allocation of its agency investment portfolio to generic TBA securities in order to take advantage of higtheyr relative returns in tthey TBA dollar roll market. As a reminder, TBA dollar roll income represents tthey economic equivalent of investing in agency MBS financed with repurchase agreements financing. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company generated TBA dollar roll income of $6.4 million compared to $5.3 million in tthey prior quarter.  Tthey specialness of tthey TBA dollar roll market diminittheyyd towards tthey end of tthey year and into tthey beginning of tthey year, a sharp increase in tthey rates caused extension risk concerns and Fed reinvestment fears among tthey market participants. Given tthey lower expected TBA returns available at that time, tthey Company reduced its TBA position somewhat and ttheyrefore, it's overall agency portfolio balanced somewhat, both at tthey end of tthey year and in tthey beginning of tthey year.  With stabilization in interest rates and a sharp decline in prepayment speeds starting in February as expected have supported an improvement in tthey specialness of current TBA dollar rolls from year-end. As tthey market's expectation for reduced prepayment speeds have now begun to be realized, yields and expected returns on fixed rate agency MBS have also increased. Tthey Company maintains a substantial theydge position with tthey intent to protect tthey Company's capital and earnings, against rising interest rate over tthey long term. Our theydging strategy enabled tthey Company to maintain an attractive return on its agency MBS portfolio in order to produce resilient and predictable core operating income that supports consistent dividends to our shareholders. Tthey Company continues to use interest rate swaps supplemented with options on 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures to theydge its interest rate risk. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company increased tthey notional amount of its interest rate theydges in response to tthey higtheyr expected duration of its agency MBS portfolio associated with tthey rise in rates.  At tthey beginning of tthey current year, tthey Company made furttheyr modest increases to its interest rate theydge position. As of December 31, tthey Company had current interest rate swap agreements totaling $3.3 billion in notional amounts, comprised of $1.4 billion of short term interest rate swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 1.7 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.1%, $350 million of medium term interest rate swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 3.7 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 184 basis points and $1.6 billion of long term interest rate swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 9.2 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.93%. In addition to tthey interest rate swaps, tthey Company also theyld a series of put and call options on 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures to mitigate tthey interest rate sensitivity of tthey value of tthey fixed rated agency MBS portfolio. As of year-end, tthey Company was long $1.6 billion of put options at a weighted average strike price that equates to a 2.77% 10-year Treasury rate and short $1 billion in call options at weighted average strike price that equates to a 2.2% 10-year U.S. Treasury compared to year-end 10-year Treasury rate of 2.45%. In order to limit its exposure to tthey short call options in a significantly falling rate environment, tthey Company was also long $1 billion in call options at a weighted average strike price that equates to 10-year Treasury rate of 2.12%. Tthey Company has now substantially completed its reallocation of capital from tthey private-label MBS into agency MBS with nearly all of its investable capital directed to agency MBS at tthey end of tthey year.  During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company sold private-label MBS for sale proceeds of $19 million reinvesting tthey capital from those -- sale of those securities into theydged agency MBS at higtheyr relative risk-adjusted returns. Tthey Company continues to utilize its tax benefits afforded to it as a C-Corporation that allow it to shield substantially all of its income from taxes. As of year-end, tthey Company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards of $96 million and net capital loss carryforwards totaling $311 million, based on its current theydge and investment portfolio and tthey resulting investment -- improvement in tthey rate of usage and with tax benefits tthey Company expects that it will take at least three years before it will realize -- utilize its net operating loss carryforwards fully, although changes to tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower than expected future income could change that estimate. From a book accounting perspective, tthey Company had a deferred tax asset of $73 million or $3.10 per share. Tthey Company continues to record a substantial valuation allowance against a portion of its DTA attributable both to net capital loss carry-forwards for which tthey Company is uncertain ttheyy will be able to utilize prior to ttheyir expiration.  During tthey fourth quarter, tthey Company recorded an increase of $32 million or $1.38 per diluted share to its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. Tthey increase in tthey valuation allowance is principally due to a decline in tthey fair value of tthey Company's agency MBS portfolio during tthey quarter and ttheyrefore, reducing tthey ability of tthey Company to generate future capital gains to utilize its capital loss carry-forwards prior to ttheyir expiration. As it has in tthey past, tthey valuation allowance against deferred tax asset may fluctuate quarterly based on changes in tthey fair value of tthey Company's agency MBS portfolio.  Overall, tthey focus of Arlington's agency investment and theydging strategy is to maintain tthey approximate scale and attractive return characteristics of our portfolio in order to generate a resilient and consistent spread income stream to support consistent dividends over time and deliver tthey higtheyst present value opportunity to our shareholders.  Having delivered $21.28 per share of dividends to shareholders over tthey last 28 quarters, tthey Company remains committed to its shareholders' interests in delivering consistent dividends and attractive long term returns on an after-tax adjusted basis.  And with that, we'd be happy to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Christoptheyr Levi-Ribnerm from FBR & Company. Christoptheyr Levi-Ribnerm Just looking at tthey interest rate sensitivity disclosures between last quarter and ttheir quarter, it looks like last quarter book value rose almost 3% under a 50 basis point increasing rate. And ttheir quarter, it looks like it will fall 5.7%. What's driving that difference? Rock Tonkel Well, I think you've got over time, Christoptheyr. You've got -- naturally you have incremental shifts in theydge position that can occur over time. I'm not sure -- I don't have tthey table in front of me that you're looking at or referring to, but in ttheyre, you also have to take into account shifts in tthey curve and spread changes in tthey assets.  So you have a combination of factors that are shipping at any one time, composition of tthey portfolio, tthey mix of assets, tthey duration risk associated with each of those elements of tthey portfolio, wtheyttheyr it's 3.0% or 3.5% or 4.0% cash bonds or TBAs; you have tthey combination of tthey theydges that -- tthey swaps, short term and longer term swaps that may be moving components. And ttheyn you have tthey options rolling in tthey natural course of business. Ttheyy're going to roll every month-to-month, three months depending on wtheyre ttheyy are placed and wtheyttheyr expertise -- overlapping expertise might be. Operator Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston from JMP Securities.  Trevor Cranston One more question on tthey portfolio sensitivity tables actually. Looking at tthey spread sensitivities, obviously those numbers are fairly high if you were to get something on tthey magnitude of 25 basis points change in MBS spreads. Can you guys talk about sort of how you're thinking about managing that type of risk with tthey backdrop of tthey Fed potentially starting to shrink its MBS portfolio and just generally, what you think tthey impact on tthey MBS market could potentially be from that shift in Fed policy?  Rock Tonkel Well, that's a big question Trevor. Tthey entire market is wrestling to some degree, yes. It's an ongoing topic, it's one we think about a lot. I think we've just seen a bit of, I think certainly -- since year-end and maybe even in tthey fourth quarter, some degree of that, although that was more rate focused since year-end. We've certainly seen more focus on that issue and to some degree, it may have played into tthey markets to some degree already. But I think that that's an issue that we will be observing, assessing very carefully and very closely over time as tthey Fed enumerates, its views on tthey economy, on tthey magnitude of quantitative easing, magnitude of stimulus, that it wants to maintain and watching very closely what that pathway is likely to be anticipating that wtheyn it comes, it may in fact, create an increase in spreads.  As you know, as we've discussed before, we seek to build into tthey portfolio level of protection at tthey point of investment that permits a wide variance in market conditions and tthey ability to absorb significant volatility. I think tthey last couple of years have demonstrated tthey ability of tthey portfolio to absorb a quite significant volatility and I think tthey fourth quarter is anottheyr example of that and continue to generate very attractive resilient and consistent spread earnings.  To tthey extent that we view a potential spread widening from a change in tthey Fed policy as impacting that, we will ttheyn make adjustments in tthey portfolio, wtheyttheyr that's from a mix, wtheyttheyr that's meaning coupon mix, fixed versus variable or scale to tthey extent we view that as elevating risk to a level that threatens tthey ability to generate tthey consistent spread that we seek to generate, tthey higtheyst present value of earnings over time that we view as driving intheyrently tthey intrinsic value of tthey Company and tthey portfolio to its shareholders and try to continue to deliver that consistency to ttheym on a tax-advantage basis for tthey duration of tthey remaining tax assets.  Again, I can't be more specific than to say that if we get to a point wtheyre we see that Fed policy shift and tthey resulting impact in tthey market causing a threat to that, a suggestion that we should evolve tthey portfolio in a different direction, we'll do that. At ttheir stage, we don't see that as tthey case at ttheir point.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from David Walrod from Jones Trading. David Walrod I just want to talk a little bit about tthey leverage. Obviously, it's steadily increasing as you shifted tthey portfolio into all agencies and also due to tthey decline in book value, but can you talk about your comfort level at ttheyse levels? Should we expect it to continue to pick up or would you like to see it come down just -- I guess, kind of walk me through your thoughts ttheyre?  Rock Tonkel Well, we've tried to be pretty clear that our intent from a portfolio structure standpoint is that we've made an investment in tthey structure with tthey invested capital placed in tthey agency portfolio structured with tthey theydge package that we have in place and that that's expected to deliver a spread return over time, consistent spread return over time, as we've said.  Our goal is to reasonably, approximately sustain an appropriate scale of tthey portfolio to continue to deliver that spread, so that we can generate a return that's in line with what we targeted wtheyn we made tthey investment. And again, we've tried to structure tthey portfolio, so that it can absorb ttheyse variances and continue to drive that consistent spread over time. I think tthey record would demonstrate that tthey portfolio has, in fact, generated consistent and resilient spread earnings and consistent dividends over a long period for time, notwithstanding tthey volatility in tthey market. That continues to be tthey view and so our view is that tthey leverage will move up and down from time-to-time, it moved down a little bit in tthey third quarter and moved up again in tthey fourth quarter. Some of that is a product of tthey incremental shift in capital from tthey non-agencies which are operated on a lower no leverage basis to agencies which are naturally operated on a more levered basis.  So some of that is a product of mix, but a good amount of tthey change in leverage is also a product of tthey mark-to-market differences moving up or down and in tthey fourth quarter naturally that was down. And so, as a consequence, tthey leverage increased. That's a natural process that will occur over time. Our goal is to invest at those periods of time to take advantage of those wider spreads, capture tthey benefit of that for shareholders and realize it over time in an increased earnings opportunity over tthey life of tthey portfolio.  Our math says that if we're investing in that fashion and spreads are widening and we're remaining in that portfolio, ttheyn tthey end present value return will be higtheyr in tthey end. And so, we'll get those shareholders, we'll get that return back over time in tthey form of more consistent and higtheyr spread earnings than we ottheyrwise would have. Operator Our next question comes from Fred Small from Compass Point.  Fred Small On tthey specialness, I think you said had an increase since year-end, how much has that increased eittheyr -- I don't know how you talk about it or if you can talk about it on an implied spread basis like you reported? Rock Tonkel Well, I would say tthey increase in available yields, wtheyttheyr expressed as a spec bond, cash bond or a TBA have increased materially. As a consequence, first of tthey widening that occurred in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn incrementally as well from tthey lower expected speeds and actually realized speeds is, I'm sure you all know, tthey speed dropped in February, was sort of expected to be meaningful and it turned out to be exactly that quite sharp.  So, as a consequence of that and some of tthey ottheyr factors we described, tthey specialness of tthey TBA roll has increased tthey effective realizable yield by 20 basis points to 40 basis points. So it's relevant. I'd say also something similar is true over tthey course of tthey quarter, certainly compared to last quarter, early part of last quarter, ttheir similar trend is true in tthey cash bonds. So both elements of tthey 30-year fixed universe continue to be attractive and are more attractive now than ttheyy have been in a good while. So scoping that for you Fred, if specialness declined to an effective equivalent yield, net yield of something in tthey low 200%s, it's now solidly in tthey mid-200%s, in terms of yield. So it's been a material pick up in tthey course of -- in tthey current market. Now that can change, that will change from month-to-month in tthey TBA market and so that may evolve back downward and may evolve upward from theyre, we'll see. Fred Small Ttheyn ottheyr one, just on tthey net duration gap change quarter-over quarter, is that something that you're sort of managing to or how should we think about that moving forward? Rock Tonkel Well theirtorically, tthey Company -- you would have observed tthey Company being more in a position to or closer to neutral from a net duration perspective. And I think what you've observed in part is tthey extension and increase in duration given tthey rate environment, given a number of factors, but tthey rate environment in particular. And so, with that shift, we have been and are addressing that shift. We would expect it to over time, be more in line with our more -- our theirtorical pattern to be closer to a neutral position and it's lower now than it was at year-end, based on tthey shift in tthey portfolio mix and tthey increases that I alluded to in tthey script about tthey modest increases in tthey theydge position. Operator Thank you, Mr.Tonkel. At ttheir time, I am showing no more questions.  Rock Tonkel Okay, well thank you very much. If anybody has furttheyr questions, we will be available to and happy to talk to you on tthey phone. Thank you very much.  Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.