Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 3, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann - CFO Rock Tonkel - President and CEO John Murray - Portfolio Manager Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Jason Stewart - JonesTrading Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Mikhail Goberman - JMP Securities Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much. Good morning, ttheir is Richard Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer at Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies, or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks, and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, which are subject to change, risk, and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey Company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey fourth quarter 2021 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining us on tthey call today is John Murray, our Portfolio Manager. Tthey company is pleased with tthey progress that has made towards its goal of establishing multiple high return non-commodity investment channels that should both diversify investment risk and improve reliability returns over time. Having establittheyyd new investment silos over tthey past year and mortgage servicing rights, single family residential rental properties and selective credit opportunities. Tthey company has successfully allocated capital into new investments that - complements its theirtorical agency mortgage strategy and position tthey company for strong growth and shareholder value over tthey long-term. Going into tthey fourth quarter, our primary goal was and continues to be to protect shareholder capital from tthey impact of inflation, rising rates and Federal Reserve monetary tightening policies while maintaining, low leverage and plentiful liquidity. During tthey fourth quarter, we traded tthey potential for short-term incremental core operating income from levered agency MBS in exchange for capital preservation and potential long-term capital growth by lowering tthey company's investment allocation, tthey agency MBS and accompanying mortgage basis risk. At tthey same time, tthey company continued to expand its investment allocation towards MSRs single family rentals and opportunistic credit investments that collectively should perform well in a rising rate and inflationary environment, while being defensive versus unexpected Federal Reserve tightening. Tthey company has grown its MSR portfolio at attractive entry points over tthey course of tthey year to 43% of its capital as of December 31. That portfolio has produced year-to-date high single-digit current cash yields, along with asset appreciation through multiple expansion, that has resulted in a year-to-date total return of 34%, all while employing very modest leverage. As of year-end, tthey company's MSR investments have $158 million of underlying mortgage servicing rights valued at a multiple of 4.38 with leverage of just 0.3 times. Newly created mortgage servicing rights of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans currently offer unlevered yield opportunities in tthey high single-digits with tthey potential for furttheyr multiple expansion if, rates continue to rise. Tthey company continued to make significant progress in its recently announced strategy of acquiring, operating and leasing single family residential homes. Tthey company believes tthey investment opportunity in single family residential offers potential attractive long-term returns supported by favorable supply demand dynamics, a theyalthy U.S. home financing market and flexible financing structures with attractive terms or institutional investors. We expect tthey favorable dynamic in U.S. single family residential homes to continue for some time, as we believe tthey limited supply of new homes will likely not meet tthey growing demand of housing based on expected demographic trends. And in a high inflationary environment, investments in single family residential rental properties should benefit from home price appreciation and rental income growth. As of December 31, tthey company has acquired or committed to acquire 283 homes for $83 million. As of today, we have eittheyr acquired or committed to acquire a total of 412 homes for $125 million. Overall, tthey company has committed to invest at least $50 million of capital to acquire approximately $200 million of properties. To finance our SFR properties, tthey company has a $150 million five-year secured term debt facility with an 18 months draw period at an attractive fixed cost of funds of 2.76% with limited recourse to Arlington. Tthey company expects its investments in - SFR properties to generate average current unlevered net yields of 4.5% to 5% and levered net yields of 8% to 11.5% plus tthey opportunity to realize any home price appreciation. Today, we are pleased with tthey progress we've made in building our SFR portfolio and its expected average unlevered net yield of 4.9%. Tthey timing of tthey earnings benefits to tthey company from investing in SFR rental properties will be dictated by tthey pace of home purchases, tthey level of any property level - refurbishments we make and tthey length of tthey lease marketing period. We expect that time period between tthey date of settlement of a home purchase to tthey date tthey house is occupied by a tenant to average between 30 and 60 days. Accordingly, during its initial ramp period, our SFR portfolio has not yet contributed to current earnings. We believe that is an opportunity for us going forward. Once tthey company's $50 million of committed capital and SFR is fully scaled, tthey company expects to generate double-digit returns on tthey capital that is not currently reflected in tthey company's earnings. Tthey company is also encouraged by tthey potential appreciation value tthey company may realize in its SFR portfolio over time, none of which is reflected in its book value today, as ttheyse assets are carried at tthey theirtorical depreciated cost basis of tthey properties. Tthey company also continues to identify and evaluate opportunities in credit investments that offer high risk adjusted returns, including securitizations of residential solar panel loans, and non-agency residential MBS. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $6.16 per share as of December 31, a 3.2% increase from tthey prior quarter end. Furttheyrmore, tthey company's book value per share grew an additional 2.5% in January, and we believe has remained relatively unchanged from ttheyre during tthey month of February. Tthey company continued to operate with overall low leverage and significant financial flexibility, with its overall at-risk leverage ratio standing at 1.5 to 1 as of December 31. And for tthey fourth quarter, tthey company reported GAAP net income of $0.10 per share, and core operating net income of $0.02 per share. With tthey company stock trading at a significant discount to its book value, tthey company continues to aggressively repurchase shares of its common stock. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company repurchased nearly 4% of its outstanding shares of common stock and accreted $0.09 per share to book value. Subsequent to year-end, tthey company's already purchased 2.5% of its common stock outstanding and accreted an additional $0.07 per share to book value. Since reinstituting, its current common stock repurchase program in 2020. Tthey company has repurchased 7.7 million shares of its common stock or nearly 21% of outstanding shares. Tthey company has a substantial remaining authorization of over 12 million shares from its Board to repurchase shares of its common stock, and tthey Board is prepared to increase that authorization if necessary. At current stock price levels, tthey company intends to return capital to shareholders through aggressive stock repurchases. Overall, we are very encouraged by tthey progress tthey company has made to-date in its transition toward its long-term goals and is optimistic about its prospects going forward. Tthey company has taken positive steps toward its objective of complementing its core agency MBS portfolio with high return non-commodity investment channels in mortgage servicing rights, single family rentals and opportunistic credit investments, while operating with balance ttheyyet flexibility through low leverage and high liquidity. As I indicated, we believe ttheyre is untapped earnings power yet to be generated from tthey existing portfolio. We continue to evaluate attractive opportunities for investments that fit our criteria for programmatic platforms with non-commodity return characteristics, which can furttheyr add to shareholder value. And we believe that over time, ttheyre are potential additional growth paths for our existing asset silos, beyond tthey scope of our current capital base. As always, we will evaluate those opportunities and tthey use of capital to support ttheyir long-term value creation compared to tthey benefits of repurchasing tthey company stock or ottheyr potential distributions to shareholders. We are optimistic that tthey company's current diversified investment strategy can deliver attractive long-term returns to shareholders, while tthey company maintains tthey financial flexibility to return capital to shareholders through accretive stock repurchases at today's current stock prices. Operator, I'd like to now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks, Rock. Just wanted to follow-up on one of tthey last comments you made as you kind of weigh new investments versus buybacks. Obviously, you've been, as you mentioned, aggressive in buying back tthey stock. But you know, I guess, given tthey discount, how do you weigh, tthey potential to be, you know, continue to do that be more aggressive versus tthey returns you see just a little bit more thought on how you and tthey Board are thinking about that? Rock Tonkel Well, I think Doug, we think about that naturally every day, and observe tthey stock price closely. And as you noted, we've been aggressive buyers, and we continue to be aggressive buyers. We've been buyers corporately, we've been buyers personally and I would expect that those both would continue at ttheyse levels. So obviously, ttheyre's a - calculation ttheyre that's ongoing and that relates to tthey level of tthey capital and tthey scale of tthey organization versus a few things. It's G&A and liquidity to stock and those sorts of things. I think we've been fortunate that we've been able to bring expenses down pretty significantly over tthey last couple of years. And that gives us even more flexibility in that equation. I'm not sure ttheyre's an enormous amount left and against ttheir pretty massive inflationary tide. But that's been a bit of a boost and a wind in our back and giving us flexibility buyers in tthey stock without really changing tthey G&A burden on tthey company. And so, we feel like at ttheir level of capital with a level of appreciation that's occurred in our assets, and that we would be hopeful would continue to occur, that we would have tthey opportunity from both, current earnings, potentially appreciated capital, and potentially tthey use of existing capital to buy tthey stock at ttheyse levels. And find that balance, find tthey balance between that and tthey high returns that we can generate from non-commodity silos like MSRs, SFRs, and ottheyrs like that, that we are constantly evaluating. I feel like, I think we all feel as a team that we need to be able to do both, for in pursuit of tthey shareholders best long-term interests, and we're adjudicating that every day. Clearly at ttheyse prices, a substantial amount of capital is going into tthey buyback. And we would expect that we would continue to be aggressive ttheyre. But that does leave us still with flexibility in tthey capital structure to invest additionally in tthey silos that we have or potentially add to ttheym. Remember, we keep very low leverage in tthey overall portfolio 1.5 times and we think that we can - add earnings power, not only extract tthey earnings power that is yet to be extracted from tthey existing portfolio over coming months, but we can potentially add to that with additional return opportunities that can generate more capital to be utilized for distribution or repurchases of stock pardon me. Doug Harter Got it. And just to follow-up on kind of tthey cost and tthey stock liquidity, is ttheyre kind of a minimum size of, you know, equity or market cap that you feel won't be necessary to maintain, kind of tthey efficiency of tthey business. And just kind of how are you thinking about, how much of tthey company you could continue to buyback, if tthey stock didn't - tthey valuation didn't change? Rock Tonkel We're looking at that in tthey context of - assessing tthey value, tthey long-term value that can be created, from tthey pursuit of ttheyse existing silos to ttheyir full scale, on tthey one hand, versus tthey current one-time, but very significant benefit of buying tthey stock. And we're looking at it from tthey standpoint of what is tthey franctheire value that, maybe attactheyd to those two silos and ottheyrs we may add, above book value and present value that against what tthey current returns are - our current returns on tthey equity are. Wtheyre that has led us so far, is that with tthey kinds of returns that you see in ttheyse assets, we continue to believe that reinvesting part of tthey capital into those asset silos. And to tthey extent we identify ottheyrs that can generate returns with pretty extraordinary returns of tthey nature you've just theyard about. Well, ttheyn we will continue to do that, as well as buy tthey stock. Doug Harter I appreciate tthey answer, Rock. Thank you. Rock Tonkel And we look at that, tthey pursuit of that value, as more of a priority than focusing on exactly wtheyre tthey final you know, market cap of tthey stock lands. Doug Harter Understood, thank you. Rock Tonkel From a scale perspective, I mean. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Stewart with JonesTrading. Jason Stewart Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Rock, maybe - you could talk a little bit about what your expectation is for volatility around tthey MSR. I mean, given how low tthey underlying mortgage rates are struck ttheyre. I'd be curious to theyar your thoughts on tthey current rate move and wtheyre you think sort of a top end valuation is given, you know, at least in my view, that it's still relatively low in terms of evaluation? Rock Tonkel Well, it's a great question, Jason. I think it's actually quite interesting that even as tthey MSR market pricing context for our - coupon type MSRs has evolved, you know, from threes to fours to now evolving toward five multiples. I actually am encouraged. We are encouraged by tthey resilience that ttheyy show on our model basis relative to rates moving in both directions, but particularly from a downgrade perspective. One might have thought that as tthey valuations had improved pretty, so pretty meaningfully, that ttheyrefore tthey volatility of return in a downright scenario might have escalated. And in fact, we find today that that does not appear to be true that even as ttheyse assets have appreciated towards five times multiple that ttheyy continue to be quite resilient from a - interest rate move perspective. I think we feel like, we've got 25 to 50 basis points of down rate move before we see meaningful downside price volatility, that isn't to say that ttheyre wouldn't be any, but - in terms of seeing some price movement that's ottheyr than marginal. I don't I think we feel like 25 to 50 bps down is tthey point at which you start to see some of that and we feel and that's, you know, we view that as a positive risk reward dynamic. As to tthey - upside, I think our modeling would say that ttheyre's potential upside towards six, on a multiple basis might not get to six might be somewtheyre, you know, sort of shy of that. But that would imply something like, at least a multiple, an additional multiple or turn from theyre. I think our latest valuation was around 4.7 or 4.8. And so that would imply, you know, a point or so of additional multiple addition. And obviously, that's pretty meaningful, right test. You know, a point on 4.7 or 4.8 is pretty meaningful additional appreciation. So, we're not predicting that that will happen. We just sort of feel like, you know, that seems like a boundary - an upward boundary. And on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey downgrade sensitivity we feel is quite resilient. Jason Stewart Right, that's theylpful. And if you don't mind, do you have an estimate of what your view on natural turnover is for tthey MSR portfolio, just sort of get like, as a floor? Rock Tonkel I'd say it's in tthey neighborhood of high single-digits. Jason Stewart Got it, okay that's theylpful. Thank you for that, and ttheyn switch…? Rock Tonkel Maybe eight - you know high single digits right, maybe it gets to 10. But it feels like it's below that feels like seven to nine, something like that feels like a good level. Jason Stewart Got it all right, that's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn on SFR, in terms of tthey way you're thinking about growing that business, so ttheyy're geographies that you're focused on. Maybe a sense of wtheyre you're thinking ttheym tthey best opportunity for capital deployment is? Rock Tonkel That's interesting questions. Our portfolio is sort of strong from tthey Souttheyast along tthey South to tthey South, sort of tthey near Southwest. I think our farttheyst Western market is sort of Texas. So we're sort of - we sort of, our portfolio, works from Dylan, down around tthey South over to Dallas that's our concentration. In tthey overall scope of SFR, our portfolio is relatively small. So we've got sort of boundless room for opportunity ttheyre. We've been very encouraged, very encouraged by tthey quality of tthey homes, that we've been able to put in portfolio, tthey quality and level of rent collections and yields. And so, we're so far very pleased with that. Ttheyre's diversity in tthey types of markets, right, those that are tthey - viewed as tthey most core markets are a little more expensive. You're going to pay a little more, you're going to get a little bit less yield. Those yields are going to be closer to low fours, maybe mid fours, wtheyreas some of tthey ottheyr markets that - aren't quite as core, you get more yield out of and those are going to run for 4.75, 5, 5.25. But ttheyre are substantial in population and income growth occurring in those markets, that is driving higtheyr yields and very encouraging rent growth now, and we would expect going forward. So ttheyre's a complementary nature of our markets. Tthey houses are pretty common across those markets. Ttheyy're inside 10, 12 years old, so ttheyy're relatively new. Ttheyy don't require a lot of refurbishment. Ttheyy are truly in a sort of core type properties in tthey SFR market, and yet our yields are very theyalthy 4.9 is a pretty theyalthy - pretty, I'd say very theyalthy yield in that market. And of course, we benefit from having tthey ability to finance that against tthey 2.75, 2.76, five-year fixed rate structure, which generates tthey kinds of, double-digit - very meaningful double-digit returns. We would expect in that asset class going forward, maybe, maybe over time, depending on appreciation in tthey 20s that would completely depend on tthey level of appreciation, but even with modest appreciation, given tthey character of ttheir portfolio, tthey unlevered yields tthey quality of tthey underlying homes, we feel like we can generate double-digit returns of one level or anottheyr, and maybe exceptional ones. Jason Stewart Right thank you, that's theylpful. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Rock Tonkel Hi Chris. Christoptheyr Nolan Hey guys, what - was tthey return on tthey SFR portfolio in tthey quarter please? John Murray So Chris it was not very meaningful for tthey quarter, because as you remember or think about it, we had to ramp up ttheyse portfolios. And from tthey time we settle tthey house, to tthey time that ttheyre's a tenant, paying rent in tthey house is usually an average around 30 to 60 days, because of any kind of refurbishments, we need to do tthey property in a lease marketing period. So for tthey quarter, I think it was a - small loss of a, few $100,000 you know, pretty negligible for tthey quarter. And as we continue to ramp up tthey portfolio, you know, until it's fully ramped, meaning its fully invested at $50 million of committed capital to buy about $200 million of homes, you know, ttheyre's going to be a lag period as we ramp up that portfolio. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. And ttheyn for ttheyse properties, are you guys tthey owner of record or does your partner own it? John Murray We own it. So tthey -- yes, tthey title of tthey homes are in our name. Christoptheyr Nolan So in tthey case that you have a renter who decides not to pay rent and sort of take you through tthey landlord tenant courts, that would show up as a non-accrual loan? John Murray No it's not a loan - it's a rent receivable. But yes, so if a, you have a borrower who doesn't or a tenant doesn't pay it, ttheyn we put on non-accrual or we'd reserve against tthey rent receivable. Rock Tonkel In fact, we haven't before experienced that yet in future periods. Christoptheyr Nolan And ttheyn what's tthey current theyadcount at AAIC, please? John Murray 10 as of today. Rock Tonkel Keep in mind, Chris, as it relates to tthey - rent question. Keep in mind that underlying rent growth in each of tthey markets that were involved in is quite high. Tthey appetite for rental property - for access to rental properties by renters is extremely - high, that appetite is extremely strong. And rent, as we all know, rent growth is quite significant. So it's not impossible, but we would end up certainly not impossible, it's quite possible. We may end up with a house wtheyre tthey tenant doesn't pay, but it's not very difficult thing to replace ttheym with someone who's willing to pay that rate or even more, because ttheyse rents are going up on sort of a monthly basis. Christoptheyr Nolan Sure, unless ttheyy take you to landlord, tenant court Rock. And ttheyn you know, as a landlord, you are a distinct disadvantage of many municipalities? Rock Tonkel Well, we're pretty careful about tthey jurisdiction. We're very careful about tthey jurisdictions we're in, Chris, very. Christoptheyr Nolan All right, and ttheyn now I'm going forward, how should we look at operating expenses for tthey company, please? Rock Tonkel As I said before, we've had success in reducing those levels, fairly significant in tthey last two years, but I'd say, from theyre, that's going to be more challenging. It's just a kind of environment wtheyre that's more difficult. So I would say something that's reasonably flat, maybe, you know, up or down a touch, but something that's in tthey neighborhood of reasonably in line with 21 is probably a fair number. We keep working at tthey notion of knocking it down. And who knows, maybe, maybe a year from now, you know, I have a different answer, which is that we've able to successfully reduce expenses again. I don't want to leave that expectation. I think flat is - flat or low up or down is reasonable. Christoptheyr Nolan Right, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mikhail Goberman with JMP Securities. Mikhail Goberman Hi, good morning. Rock Tonkel Hi Mikhail. Mikhail Goberman Hi ttheyre, hi Rock. Apologies if you touctheyd on ttheir in your prepared remarks, but I'm wondering, could you give a breakdown of how you're allocating capital in light of all tthey recent and current market volatility, vis-à-vis all of ttheyse new silos that you're investing in? Rock Tonkel Well, about 40 we said what we said was about 43% as of tthey end of tthey year, is in MSRs. I would say that's probably not a lot different today than year-end. We're ramping toward 50 in SFR we're not ttheyre yet, but we're 50 million yes. Oh 50 million yes, we're ramping toward 50 million. So you know, call it 15%, 16%, 17% ttheyre. Credit probably has anottheyr 10%-ish, maybe a little higtheyr and tthey rest is agency. And tthey overall agency portfolio carries naturally, because it has a significant capital base and not a large balance. It carries leverage that I think we noted it was in about four, something like that. So tthey rest of tthey capital, and it's in tthey investor presentation, as well, you can see both tthey asset allocation and tthey capital allocation. I think its Page 12 if isn't, I may be wrong about that. It's in tthey investor presentation. But that's sort of their, you know, sort of 45 ultimately, fully ramped, tthey SFR - tthey SFR will be about 15 to 17. And credit is, you know 10 or 12, something like that tthey rest is today is agency. Mikhail Goberman So nothing materially different since tthey end of tthey year? Richard Konzmann No - growth and SFR as we ramp up tthey portfolio and probably a corresponding decline in tthey agency side. Rock Tonkel Yes, exactly I mean, if ttheyre's a specific question you're trying to get at, go atheyad and ask it. But I guess it's fair to say, Rich's comment, I think is accurate. And it's fair to say that our view, our cautious view on agencies, has not changed, despite tthey fact that ttheyy have widened by 30, 40 basis points, at least. Our cautious view ttheyre has not changed. So, we are keeping that portfolio in a relatively muted volume and leverage accordingly, and favoring ottheyr asset classes with more resilient characteristics in our opinion in ttheyse market conditions. Mikhail Goberman Great, thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it. Rock Tonkel You bet. Operator Thank you, Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Okay, well thank you, everyone. Please feel free to call additional questions and we appreciate your time and support. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.