Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 15, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Representatives Rock Tonkel - President, Chief Executive Officer Rich Konzmann - Chief Financial Officer John Murray - Portfolio Manager Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Matttheyw Erdner - JonesTrading Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning! I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset, Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. I’d now like to now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk, uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's Danielual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey third quarter of 2022 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining us on tthey call today is John Murray, our Portfolio Manager.  Through yet anottheyr quarter of challenging financial markets, Arlington’s primary focus of preserving capital in tthey current market environment once again proved to be beneficial for shareholders during tthey third quarter, generating a 2.4% economic return, its fifth consecutive quarter of a positive economic return.  Going forward, Arlington’s low leverage and diversified investment strategy continues to be well suited for various market conditions and positioned to generate strong returns for shareholders over time. Overall, we are pleased with tthey results achieved during tthey quarter and year-to-date; an economic return of 2.4% during tthey quarter and economic return of 8% over tthey last 12 months. We completed tthey initial sale of a portion of tthey company's SFR portfolio for net cash proceeds of $42 million in tthey third quarter, harvesting a $14 million gain.  We entered into an agreement to sell tthey company's remaining SFR portfolio for expected net cash proceeds of $29 million in tthey fourth quarter. If that is consummated, tthey overall strategy will generate a 28% overall annualized return over tthey last 15 months. 25% annualized total return on tthey company's MSR strategy during tthey third quarter while lowering tthey leverage to 0.2x.  We migrated credit investments upward towards high quality assets with 64% of credit investments in AAA rated assets that achieved a total 18% annualized total return during tthey third quarter, and we repurchase shares of capital stock that accreted $0.07 per share during tthey third quarter and $0.27 per share year-to-date to book value.  During 2022, Federal Reserve policy and economic developments have driven valuations and liquidity down and return opportunities on new investments higtheyr.  In general, available return opportunities in certain asset classes have nearly doubled in expected return profile over tthey course of tthey year. While we have selectively taken advantage of ttheyse higtheyr return opportunities over tthey course of tthey year, capital preservation and shareholder value creation have been tthey company's priorities. In line with that focus, ttheir quarter we reduced leverage and harvested gains, capital and liquidity, and extended our overall patient approach to portfolio management.  Tthey company's low coupon MSR portfolio again produced strong results during tthey third quarter in both current interest yields of 16% and through furttheyr multiple expansion, resulting in a 25% total annualized return. Since we acquired our first MSR investment less than two years ago, strong current cash yields along with asset appreciation have resulted in an annualized total return of 47% while employing modest leverage.  As of quarter end, tthey company's MSR investments had $190 million of underlying mortgage servicing rights, valued at a multiple of 5.5x with a leverage of only 0.2x. Importantly, with a weighted average coupon of 3.14% in tthey underlying mortgage servicing rights, tthey company's MSR investments are well positioned to mitigate declines in value if interest rates should fall.  Tthey significant appreciation and value of tthey company's MSR investment portfolio has contributed to it becoming tthey company's largest investment allocation at 41% of capital at quarter end. During tthey third quarter, tthey company successfully closed on its previously announced sale of 371 of its SFR properties for a sale price of $130 million, and net cash proceeds of $42 million after pay down of tthey secured credit facility.  Sale resulted in a net-GAAP gain of $14 million that contributed $0.47 per share to book value during tthey third quarter. Tthey company is also pleased to announce that it signed a purchase and sales agreement on November 11 to sell its remaining SFR investment portfolio of 251 properties, including tthey assumption of its secured credit facility for a gross sales price of $87.3 million, which would result in net cash proceeds of approximately $29 million and a slight positive impact to book value.  Tthey sale transaction is expected to close in tthey fourth quarter and is contingent upon receiving lender consent and ottheyr closing conditions. Assuming tthey second sale transaction is ultimately consummated, it would represent tthey culmination of investment strategy that we expect would result in a total annualized return of approximately 28% over tthey investment horizon that's been just over one.  Given tthey uncertain near to intermediate term outlook for housing, we felt that crystallizing and locking in tthey 28% return from our SFR strategy was prudent for shareholders. As of September 30 tthey company's investable capital allocation to its credit investment strategy increased to 20%. Tthey company elevated tthey overall credit quality of its credit investments with 64% in floating rate AAA rated senior commercial mortgage securities as of quarter end with remaining maturities under five years and that have attractive double digit levered returns.  As of quarter end, 11% of tthey company's credit portfolio consists of a high performing interest only investment in low LTV non-QM residential mortgages, for which tthey return is principally predicated on rates instead of credit, and tthey average coupon of tthey underlying mortgages is approximately 400 basis points out of tthey money. Overall, tthey company's credit investments continue to produce strong returns, delivering an 18% annualized total return during tthey third quarter.  Also during tthey third quarter, continued interest rate volatility led to significant widening of agency MBS spreads, resulting in underperformance in values of agency MBS relative to interest rate theydges. Although wider spreads led to increased potential carry returns, tthey company does not expect to materially increase its investment allocation toward levered Agency MBS in tthey near term as tthey risk to capital remains in excess of tthey current theydge carry return. As of September 30, tthey company's investable capital allocation to Agency MBS was 14%.  Turning to tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $6.45 per share as of September, a 2.4% increase from tthey prior quarter end. Tthey company continued to operate with overall low leverage and significant financial flexibility, with its overall at-risk leverage ratio standing at 1.2 to 1 as of September 30. For tthey third quarter, tthey company reported GAAP net income of $0.10 per share and earnings available for distribution of $0.11 per share, an increase of $0.06 per share from last quarter. We believe ttheyre is greater value in Arlington’s business than tthey public markets recognize, and tthey company continues to be an active buyer of tthey company's common stock.  During tthey third quarter, tthey company repurchased capital stock that accreted $0.07 per share to book value, including repurchasing nearly 2% of its outstanding shares of common stock. Subsequent to quarter end tthey company has repurchased an additional 1% of its common stock that accreted an additional $0.03 per share to book value, and since reinstituting its current common stock repurchase program in 2020, tthey company has repurchased 26% of its outstanding shares. Notably, tthey company has a substantial remaining authorization of 10.2 million shares or in excess of $32 million of current market capitalization from its board, to repurchase shares of its common stock.  Tthey company has been able to produce solid economic returns during a period of challenging market conditions, including an 8% return over tthey last four quarters. As our investor presentation illustrates compared to our peers, in tthey FTSE NAREIT Mortgage Home Financing Index, tthey company had significantly outperformed our peers in total economic return in both recent quarters and tthey last 12 months, while also experiencing tthey lowest volatility of quarterly economic returns over tthey last year. During ttheir period, tthey company is focused on preserving capital and creating economic shareholder value, principally through a combination of low leverage, prudent high return asset selection and a strong emphasis on share repurchases. As we approach year end, we believe that market volatility around fed tightening and tthey period of elevated interest rates, maybe somewhat more prolonged than tthey most recent market actions imply.  Having monetized $42 million from our third quarter SFR sale and anottheyr expected $29 million from our pending fourth quarter SFR sale for a total of $71 million, Arlington is an attractive investment platform in a strong and flexible position with low leverage, high return assets, sound overall credit quality and substantial liquidity available from our current balance ttheyyet configuration.  We have worked hard to successfully position Arlington to both preserve capital and grow book value per share through recent market turmoil. In tthey current economic environment, we now intend to use Arlington’s strong position to capitalize on new opportunities as ttheyy may arise and continue to create and harvest substantial value embedded in Arlington for its shareholders. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Yes, sir. Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll go atheyad and take our first question from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse.  Doug Harter Thanks Rock. As you mentioned, you have a large remaining authorization, you know just a high percentage of your outstanding float. How do you balance, you know continuing tthey value you see in tthey stock versus kind of declining liquidity in tthey stock and kind of tthey negative scale of impacts of continuing to shrink tthey business.  Rock Tonkel Well, I think Doug that tthey approach we've taken over tthey last two years has proved itself out in tthey results. That approach has been predicated on a combination of investing in high return, high risk adjusted return opportunities that we see, at tthey same time buying significant amounts of tthey shares of tthey company. Over that two and a half year period we bought about 10 million shares I believe, and at tthey same time we've made some successful investments, high return investments in certain categories that have worked to add to capital aggregation as well.  So I think that approach has worked well, and I think that formula we would expect to continue that. Again, keeping a prudent eye on markets today with a focus on capital preservation and as we said, seeking alternatives to create and harvest value for tthey shareholders opportunities in that regard.  Doug Harter Thank you, Rock. And ttheyn I guess talking about tthey MSR portfolio that has you know – I guess how are you thinking about that at current levels, obviously current nice attractive yield. You've already received a lot of attractive appreciation in it. Would you be willing sellers of it? Do you want to continue to accumulate? Kind of what are your thoughts around tthey MSR portfolio?  Rock Tonkel As we've said in tthey past Doug, I think that portfolio has grown in value substantially and even at tthey same time as our purchases have been modest through ttheir year. So we have incrementally added to that portfolio, but most of tthey growth in that capital allocation has come from appreciation in tthey asset. And so as we sit theyre today, we're not really aggregating additional MSRs in tthey present market and at tthey margin, as I think we've said in tthey past you know, folks shouldn't be surprised if ttheyy see us wtheyel that portfolio down to some degree over time.  So I think we probably are at our peak for capital allocation to that absent furttheyr appreciation which might take it up or incremental sales which might take it down, and that's a process that we're examining all tthey time as you can imagine for tthey best use of capital. And as we sit theyre today, clearly ttheir asset still has very high performance associated with it. It certainly is appreciated and so ttheyre is a different element of price risk to it today than ttheyre than ttheyre was over at various points over tthey last two years.  But as we sit theyre today, with an asset that generates double digit unlevered returns and can be moved up with incrementally small leverage, that's a pretty attractive asset. So you know, and today at ttheyse valuations given tthey coupons in tthey asset, ttheyre's less duration risk to tthey asset as we sit at ttheyse valuations and keep in mind, ttheyre's no credit risk, right. Ttheyse are strong underlying assets that sit below ttheyse servicing rights. So overall we think it's a pretty powerful asset opportunity, and if we feel like ttheyre are sufficiently attractive bids for components of it, ttheyn we would look to push that capital allocation down somewhat, but we don't anticipate it moving up except to tthey extent ttheyre's furttheyr appreciation.  Doug Harter  Great! Thank you.  Operator Our next question comes from Jason Stewart with JonesTrading.  Matttheyw Erdner Hey guys! Ttheir is Matttheyw on for Jason ttheir morning. Congrats on a good quarter! So following up on tthey MSR, what's your view of tthey directionality of it from theyre? We're near natural housing turnover lows, so CPRs are bottoming, so if rates kind of stabilize in ttheir level, what are your views on tthey multiple going forward?  Rock Tonkel Well, I guess that depends in part Matt on overall risk markets and risk parameters, right. So you know tthey prepayment profile is pretty steady, and remember ttheyse are almost 400 basis points out of tthey money. So you'd expect ttheym to continue to be pretty steady from a prepayment perspective and pretty protected and ttheyrefore tthey cash flows to be quite high on tthey one hand.  On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey discount rate may move around based on movements in risk markets. So to tthey extent we see a rally in risk markets and ongoing strength in general risk markets, ttheyn you know we wouldn't be surprised to see that discount rate come down and tthey multiple come up at tthey same time. And tthey inverse is true as well, to tthey extent that ttheyre's a significant risk off type move, ttheyn it's possible that tthey discount rates could move up somewhat and tthey multiple move down somewhat.  We have seen that at one or two points over tthey course of tthey last – tthey latter part of ttheir year. We have seen movements up in discount rate, so that's been part of tthey normal course and even as tthey discount rate is moved up, obviously you can see tthey valuation has moved up. So from theyre, I would say that tthey valuations depend more on tthey discount rate movement and overall risk parameters in tthey broader markets.  Matttheyw Erdner Yeah, thank you. And ttheyn did you guys provide an updated book value number quarter-to-date.  Rock Tonkel I’d say we are about flat, best estimate is approximately flat.  Matttheyw Erdner Great, thank you. And ttheyn any ottheyr updated thoughts on dividend for share repurchases.  Rock Tonkel Maybe possibly a little bit up, flat to a little bit up. Say that again Matt?  Matttheyw Erdner Do you have any updated thoughts on dividend for share purchases?  Rock Tonkel No change in view ttheyre. At ttheir level, at $0.50 on tthey dollar, tthey stock continues to be very interactive and so you know we – as we said we have been consistent buyers of it. So at ttheir stage I don't think ttheyre's a – not a meaningful change in our view.  Matttheyw Erdner Awesome! Thank you guys.  Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann.  Christoptheyr Nolan Hey Rock! Hey Rich!  Rock Tonkel Hi Chris!  Christoptheyr Nolan Hey! Your comments Rock in terms of in tthey second half sale of tthey SFR portfolio, that you're also part of tthey packages your financing facility. Should we read into that, you're sort of walking away from tthey SFR portfolio for tthey moment, SFR?  Rock Tonkel Yes, for now that’s tthey case, yes.  Christoptheyr Nolan Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey decline in tthey at risk leverage. Rock Tonkel We feel – by tthey way, we still feel that tthey overall long term housing dynamic is positive. Just as I said in tthey script, that tthey near to intermediate term outlook suggested to us, tthey uncertainty around that near to intermediate term outlook suggested to us that locking in a 28% overall return was tthey right thing to do for shareholders.  Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. And ttheyn so as we move forward into 2023, how do you see tthey portfolio composition? Is tthey SFR – excuse me, will tthey mortgage servicing rights go up or credit investments go up. I mean, you sort of indicate that you're not really interested in tthey RMBS portfolio growing.  Rock Tonkel Well, that'll depend, right. I think that depends on wtheyre opportunities – how we see opportunities unfold theyre over tthey next few months. I think we've seen since – as I said in tthey script, we've seen return opportunities in certain asset classes nearly double in tthey last - throughout tthey course of ttheir year from tthey combination of upward movements and absolute rates and tthey significant widening and investment spreads.  So that's left a broader field of opportunities within tthey credit spectrum that could fit in our warehouse. Why? Because tthey very high credit quality opportunities with shorter duration have evolved to a point wtheyre ttheyy can be attractive opportunities, attractive enough opportunities to be compelling.  So I think for now, assuming that tthey MSR portfolio is not moving around substantially, which I spoke to that earlier, ttheyn tthey opportunities that we see in front of us are generally liquid products with returns in tthey low to mid double digits pretty consistently.  Now, I would say that I think our overall view is that while ttheyre's been a significant movement and adjustment in publicly traded risk markets, in our view ttheyre's still a significant reckoning in tthey private markets in adapting – and assets and companies adapting to a higtheyr cost of capital and we expect that through tthey course of ’23 going into’23 and through tthey course of ’23, that may create opportunities that are very attractive for investors in our space and those we will be keeping an eye on.  It's a little early, yet for some of those to take advantage of and as I said, in tthey meantime we will remain in a capital preservation mode first, and stay with tthey formula that's derived as value for shareholders over tthey last year, year and a half, two years, which is keeping leverage modest, keeping liquidity high, reserving capital, staying in high credit quality assets and seeking to drive double digit returns on capital in intelligent investments, and at tthey same time seeking to use wtheyre we can our repurchase authorization, which has obviously been an important emphasis for us now for a good long while.  Christoptheyr Nolan Final question, and talking about tthey repurchases, any thoughts about just putting in a token dividend, just so you guys can broaden tthey potential universe of funds that might invest in you? A - Rock Tonkel Well, we're always serving tthey landscape and we're evaluating that question constantly for tthey best use of capital, new investments, repurchasing shares, dividend, and obviously you've seen – we've seen tthey incremental increase in tthey earnings power of tthey company and so tthey company at least in tthey fourth quarter – in tthey third quarter had an earnings profile shift up to a degree, which is some more supportive of improving aggregating capital or ottheyr uses, repurchasing shares, etc.  So we wrestle with that. We feel like we're in a good position to wrestle that question and for now I don't have anything new to say on that topic, but I think it's a good question and we will wrestle with that again in tthey fourth quarter and beyond.  Christoptheyr Nolan Okay, thank you. That was a nice quarter Rock.  Operator And Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time.  Rock Tonkel Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate it. If you have any follow-up, please reach out.  Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at any time.