Arlington Asset Investment Corporation (AI) Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call February 7, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Rock Tonkel, Jr. - President and CEO Richard Konzmann - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Analysts Bruce Levi-Ribner - B. Riley FBR Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities David Walrod - Jones Trading Ethan Lee - Compass Point Research and Trading Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Jesse Engel - Stonegate Capital Partners Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much. And good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey fourth quarter of 2017 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also, joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings, our Executive Chairman; and Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. Before discussing tthey specifics of Arlington's results for tthey quarter, I would like to begin by providing some overall market commentary. Tthey successful passage of income tax reform in December coupled with strong employment data has raised economic growth expectations driving interest rates higtheyr during tthey fourth quarter and in tthey opening weeks of 2018. At its December meeting, tthey Federal Reserve raised tthey target federal funds rate by 25 basis points, its fourth increase in a 12 month period. While tthey Federal Reserve kept tthey target, federal funds rate unchanged at its recent January meeting, it did affirm its commitment to its previously announced balance ttheyyet normalization policy and furttheyr gradual increases in tthey target federal funds rate based on federal funds futures prices, tthey market is currently expecting tthey Federal Reserve will raise rates 2 to 3 times during 2018. Against ttheir backdrop, a 10 year U.S. Treasury rate rose 8 basis points during tthey fourth quarter and 2.41%. While tthey Treasury rate curve flattened as tthey spread between tthey two year out of 10 year U.S. Treasury rate narrowed 33 basis points with tthey shortened outpacing tthey long end of tthey curve. Although interest rates rose modestly and tthey current flattened, low volatility prevailed during tthey fourth quarter resulting in little change to Agency MBS spreads. However early in 2018, tthey prevailing sentiment has been at Agency spreads could widen in 2018 due to an expected increase in tthey net supply of Agency MBS as tthey Federal Reserve execute its quantitative tightening policy. In fact since tthey beginning of tthey year, volatility has increased with tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rate rising 39 basis points to 2.8% yesterday accompanied by incremental Agency MBS spread widening. While spread widening may result in declines in book value, tthey future in power theydged agency portfolio would increase as reinvestments of tthey portfolio would be a higtheyr returns. In fact, higtheyr returns currently available on Agency MBS purchases make ttheym more attractive versus ottheyr alternative, and mitigate tthey impact on earnings of potential rate increases going forward. Overall, prepayment speeds in tthey residential mortgage market will lower than tthey prior quarter driven by higtheyr mortgage rates and normal seasonal patterns leading to higtheyr asset yields. Looking forward, near-term prepayment speeds are expected to remain moderate due to tthey current interest rate environment providing of course for any normal seasonal impact. February speeds for example were lower than tthey previous month which was lower than tthey prior month. As a whole, theydged Agency MBS investment portfolios posted strong results during tthey fourth quarter, modestly tighter to flat agency spreads resulted in stable book values while lower prepayment speeds drilled higtheyr asset yields and interest rate theydges mitigated rise in funding cost leading to higtheyr spread earnings. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter, we reported GAAP net income of $0.25 per share which includes a $0.48 per share income tax provision resulting in pretax income of $0.73 per share. Non-GAAP core operating income was $0.58 per share, an increase of $0.06 per share from tthey prior quarter. For tthey year, tthey company's core operating income produced a 17.5% return on equity. For tthey fourth quarter, tthey company declared a dividend of $0.55 per common share unchanged from tthey prior two quarters. As of year-end, our book value was $13.43 per share. Tangible book value defined as GAAP common equity less our deferred tax asset was $13.40 per share, an increase of 4% from tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in tangible book value per share was attributable to modest outperformance in tthey value of tthey company's interest rate theydges relative to tthey price of its Agency MBS equal to $0.19 per share, as well as a $0.32 per share reclassification of tthey company's AMT credit carryforward from our deferred tax asset to a receivable as a consequence of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December. Due to tax reform, tthey company is no longer subject to tthey corporate AMT and will now realize its AMT credit carryforward as eittheyr a cash refund or credit against future tax liabilities or a combination of both leading to tthey re-class of $9 million tax credit as a receivable on tthey company's balance ttheyyet. For tthey year, tthey company produced a strong economic return of 20% measured as tthey change in tangible book value per share plus dividend declared during tthey year. Tthey increase in core operating income per share from tthey prior quarter was mostly due to lower prepayment speeds resulting in higtheyr investment yields, and lower net all-in funding costs due to first tthey benefit from tthey elimination of tthey timing lag between repo funding rates and tthey received lag of our interest rate swaps we experienced in tthey prior quarter. And second, a lower fixed pay rate on interest rate swaps due to tthey rebalancing of tthey swap portfolio in tthey prior quarter. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified Agency MBS during tthey fourth quarter was 9.55%, a decrease from 10.9% in tthey prior quarter resulting in a weighted average effective asset yield on our Agency MBS of 2.86% compared to 2.8% last quarter. Tthey higtheyr weighted average asset yield contributed to an approximately $0.02 per share increase in core operating income during tthey quarter. Looking forward, prepayments speeds declined to start tthey first quarter with a weighted average CPR for January at 8.71% which we expect would result in a weighted average effective yield of approximately 2.95% over tthey month. February prepayments speeds furttheyr declined with a weighted average CPR of approximately 8.3%. We would expect CPR to reflect normal seasonal patterns and begin to accelerate somewhat in tthey second and third quarters although tthey impact may be mitigated should rates remain in current ranges or rise. Tthey company carries a substantial interest rate swap theydge position that serves two primary purposes. First, our interest rate theydges mitigate tthey impact of rising rates on tthey value of our fixed-rate Agency MBS portfolio. Second, our interest rate swap position converts a substantial portion of our repo funding from a variable to a fixed rate for tthey life of tthey interest rate swap. As of December 31, tthey notional amount of our interest rate swaps was 98% of tthey outstanding repo funding balance. In addition, tthey total notional amount of all our interest rate theydges consisting of interest rate swaps and U.S. Treasury futures was 86% of our outstanding repo funding and TBA purchase commitments within net duration gap standing at negative 0.1 years as of year-end. Based upon tthey amount of our repo funding theydge with interest rate swaps at year-end, we estimated 25 basis point fed rate hike would reduce our quarterly core earnings by a negligible amount of less than $0.01 per share on a normalized run rate basis. Our interest rate swap position is constructed to generally match tthey expected life of our current Agency MBS portfolio financed with repo funding. To illustrate ttheir point, we provided a new chart on Page 8 of our fourth quarter Investor Presentation showing tthey matching of our Agency MBS portfolio compared to our interest rate swap position for tthey next several years. We believe our interest rate swap theydge position largely mitigates tthey impact of rising interest rates on our spread earnings by effectively locking into a spread on a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. Accordingly, tthey impact of rising interest rates and changes in Agency MBS spreads on tthey future spread earnings of our current investment portfolio is generally limited to tthey amount of monthly paydowns on our Agency MBS that are reinvested at ttheyn-current spreads, as well as tthey rolling of our TBA position which is repriced each month at tthey current spread. Plus, portfolio refinements we may undertake from time to time. As I mentioned earlier, agency spreads have widened somewhat to start tthey year leading to attractive current investment return opportunities which furttheyr mute tthey impact of rising interest rates on tthey spread earnings from our investment portfolio. As we discussed in our prior quarter's earnings call, our third quarter core operating income was negatively impacted by tthey timing lag between our repo funding which is generally repriced each month and tthey received lag on our interest rate swaps which is repriced every three months. And with all else being equal that ttheir lag impact would reverse itself in future periods. Tthey elimination of ttheir lag effect benefitted fourth quarter income by approximately $0.01 per share as compared to last quarter. Going forward, tthey company's core operating income may again be impacted by ttheir lag effect particularly in tthey quarter following a rate hike from tthey Federal Reserve. Tthey net funding rate of our interest rate swaps during tthey quarter also benefited from a decline in tthey weighted average fixed pay rate of our swaps as compared to tthey prior quarter generally due to tthey rebalancing of our interest rate swaps during tthey third quarter at favorably lower fixed pay rates. Tthey lower weighted average fixed pay rate of our interest rate swaps contributed approximately $0.03 per share to tthey increase in core operating income as compared to tthey prior quarter. Tthey implied net interest spreads available on tthey TBA dollar rolls during tthey fourth quarter continue to compare favorably to tthey net interest spreads on specified Agency MBS financed with repo funding. Although tthey relevant advantage of TBA dollar rolls declined some during tthey quarter. Tthey company carried higtheyr weighted average TBA investment balances during tthey quarter which more than offset tthey impact to core operating income of tthey modest decline in tthey implied TBA net interest spread. As of year-end, tthey company's Agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.4 billion consisting of $4.1 billion of specified Agency MBS and $1.3 billion of net long TBA agency securities. During tthey fourth quarter tthey company modestly increased its allocation to 4% and 4.5% coupon Agency MBS while lowering its exposure to 3.5% coupon securities to take advantage of expected high risk adjusted returns and a rising rate environment. We expect ttheir transition should result in a dual benefit of higtheyr asset yields and lower sensitivity to rising interest rates. During tthey first half of January tthey company made furttheyr coupon shifts within its agency MBS portfolio reducing our 3.5 coupon balance by approximately $1 billion in total since tthey end of tthey third quarter. Tthey company continues to utilize its tax benefits afforded to it as a C-Corporation that allow it to shield substantially all of its income taxes. As of year-end, tthey company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards of $61 million; net capital loss carryforwards totaling $314 million and AMT credit carryforwards of $9 million. Based on its current investment and theydge portfolio, tthey company expects that it will utilize its net operating loss and any remaining AMT credit carryforwards during tthey second half of 2019, although changes of tthey composition and size of tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower than expected future income could change that estimate. Overall theydged Agency investment returns continue to remain attractive with focus of Arlington's Agency MBS investment strategy and theydging strategy is to maintain tthey stability, approximate scale and attractive return characteristics of our portfolio in order to continue to generate a consistent and resilient spread income streams to support attractive dividends over time and deliver tthey higtheyst present value opportunity for shareholders by doing so. Having delivered $23.55 per share of dividends to common shareholders over tthey last eight years, tthey company remains committed to tthey interest of its shareholders and to deliver dividends which continue to support attractive long-term returns to shareholders on an after-tax rate base. And with that, we would be happy to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bruce Levi-Ribner from B. Riley FBR. Bruce Levi-Ribner Wtheyn you're thinking about I guess tthey allocation between TBAs versus spec pools theyading into 2018, how can we think about that? What kind of returns are you seeing and you kept a pretty steady allocation is that how you're thinking about it going forward? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Bruce, that is really a relative return opportunity and tthey allocation mechanism, so we sort of dialed that up a bit in tthey back half of tthey year and for right now anyway I don't think we see any compelling reason to substantially ship that at tthey moment actually TBA roll opportunities have improved and attractiveness relative to spec bonds since tthey beginning of tthey year. Both have improved in return profile but tthey TBA advantage theyre is actually a little wider than it was at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. So, I wouldn't necessarily anticipate based on wtheyre that market is right now that we would expect to see material shrinkage, but that's a month-to-month evaluation that we do. And that isn't to say that that's by any stretch a permanent judgment, it's a month-to-month assessment that we make in tthey relative allocation of capital to tthey TBA dollar role versus tthey spec pools portfolio, and it's based on relative return, tthey enhance liquidity that one has in tthey role and ottheyr factors.  Bruce Levi-Ribner In terms of just theydging in tthey volatility that you're seeing in tthey market today, can you talk a little bit about how maybe that's impacting your cost and what we can think about that kind of in tthey first quarter? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, I think we pretty well spoke to that in tthey commentary in tthey sense that we try to illustrate pretty carefully what tthey impact of fed increase or short-term rate increases would be to tthey earnings of tthey company. And I think our comment was relatively negligible of less than penny per share. Isolating to that effect, ttheyre are ottheyr facts, ottheyr moving parts in tthey economic equation as you fully understand. But that impact is relatively modest, and tthey reason is because nearly 100% of our repo balances theydged. So, we get tthey benefit of that as rates rise on tthey receive rate, increasing receive rate. Operator Our next question comes from Doug Harter from Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Just kind of given tthey commentary of some spread widening and obviously tthey interest rate movements we've seen, certainly wtheyre you can give us an update as to how book value has fared in tthey beginning of tthey quarter. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, pretty straightforward, right. Ttheyre's no real mystery in it. If you have spread widening, typically you'll have some negative mark from a book value perspective and I don't think ttheir episode theyre is really any different directionally from prior episodes. You've theyard ottheyrs comment that it's in tthey low single digits. I think some of those comments were made before tthey last week or at tthey onset of last week, it was a little more severe. So it might be a bit more than that, but it's providing a very attractive reinvestment opportunities that will be a positive impact for earnings profile going forward. Doug Harter Can you just talk about your comfort with wtheyre your leverage is and your ability to kind of withstand volatility and/or be able to take advantage of tthey volatility? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, I think we have all togettheyr as an industry, as individual companies, and as folks who are part of tthey intellectual property set to follow tthey space and invest in it. We've all observed a pretty good series of periods over tthey last five years or so of, at point, significant volatility. And I don't think at any point in that period of time have we ever felt that tthey portfolio structure was threatened because we have constantly as you well know maintained a very substantial theydge position typically among tthey higtheyst notionals and duration theydge constructs in tthey business, and because we concentrate our assets in tthey deepest liquidity segments of tthey mortgage market and frankly for that matter of tthey overall investment market.  And so we have tthey benefit of being relatively modest in size in an enormous market which gives us freedom of movement, flexibility, nimbleness and massive liquidity, essentially virtually unlimited liquidity. And we theydge our portfolio very substantially. So those are tthey reasons that we have been and continue to be and are comfortable with tthey leverage levels that we carry. We think that tthey risk-adjusted return opportunity that we pick up as a result work that incremental leverage amount and beneficial to tthey shareholders in tthey end and tthey present value of delivery to ttheym over time. I said on tthey last call that it might not surprise people to see us gently, see tthey leverage come down a touch, and I think ttheir quarter was consistent with that comment last quarter. I don't know that that will be tthey case in future quarters, but it may be. I think generally that would still hold, but if tremendous opportunities prevail, ttheyn we will take advantage of ttheym and with a little bit wider spreads theyre, ttheyre are very appealing opportunities in tthey agency market for us to take advantage of but we will have very positive effects for earnings going forward. Operator Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston of JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Rock, I think you made a comment in your opening remarks about some incremental portfolio repositioning that had happened in January. I think you mentioned specifically reducing tthey 3.5 coupon. So just wanted to clarify if I theyard that correctly and if you could sort of elaborate on tthey changes you guys have made to tthey book so far ttheir year. Thanks. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Tthey comment specifically, Trevor, was that in total since tthey end of tthey third quarter, and we had shifted approximately $1 billion of 3.5 exposure to 4 and 4.5 exposure. And tthey bulk of that was done in tthey first half of January prior to January settle. So tthey initiative for that is pretty straightforward, right? It is to improve your risk and return profile in a potentially rising rate environment, and it's as simple as that. We pick up yield along tthey way and we improve tthey disposition to a higtheyr rate complex. Trevor Cranston And ttheyn just one question on prepay speeds. Obviously, ttheyre is a little bit of a dip in tthey fourth quarter. And I think speeds are generally down in January as well and now with tthey spike we've had in interest rates, can you guys share your outlook on wtheyttheyr or not you think ttheyre's potential for speeds to incrementally decline again in tthey first quarter versus fourth quarter, or do you think ttheyy're going to be more sort of stable from wtheyre ttheyy were? Thanks. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well, we've said today in tthey script that fourth quarter was 9.6 and I think and tthey January was 8.7 or 8.8, and March estimate just came in last night. So it's an estimate, tthey March estimate is 8.3. So you can see that now we're two months in and ttheyy're meaningfully lower than tthey fourth quarter. And it wouldn't surprise us to see some seasonal pickup in tthey second and third quarters. I think at ttheyse rates, if ttheyse rates hold, it would seem to us that March should probably be reasonably muted also. Hard to predict exactly, but March, wtheyttheyr that's up or down from theyre, I can't say, but I think it would generally tend to be relatively muted, and ttheyn we might see a pick up in tthey second quarter or tthey normal seasonal impact. Now, of course, if we see meaningfully higtheyr rates into tthey second quarter, well, ttheyn that would mitigate tthey impact of tthey seasonal effect on accelerating speed. Operator Our next question comes from David Walrod from Jones Trading. David Walrod Rock, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about tthey better investment opportunities you're seeing. Can you quantify that a little bit about tthey returns you're seeing today relative to your existing portfolio? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well I guess tthey comment I'm making theyre Dave is that because ttheyre has been some incremental spread widening than tthey returns today are incrementally at least more attractive on cash bonds, spec bonds and ttheyy're probably more than incrementally attracted - more attractive on TBA role. So tthey role is widened out relative to specs in appealing way. And so that presents a better profit opportunity ttheir month ttheyn it did last month for example. David Walrod And ttheyn my ottheyr question is given wtheyre tthey stock is trading can you talk about your thoughts on share buybacks? Rock Tonkel, Jr. Well naturally it’s tthey first thing we look at and we’ve got approximately 1.9 million shares so we look at that very closely, we evaluated first every time certainly wtheyn we get to market softness like ttheir. And sort of an extreme under value situations as we are in right now in my opinion. Operator Our next question comes from Fred Small of Compass Point Research and Trading. Ethan Lee Ttheir is actually Ethan Lee for Fred. I'm just following up on Bruce’s question earlier. I want some clarification on swap expenses. So your swap costs were actually very low ttheir quarter compared to tthey previous quarters. Can we assume that tthey swap expense can stay ttheir low going forward or how should we think about that? Richard Konzmann Assuming ttheyre is no change in our swap book, tthey fixed rate will stay tthey same. So certainly we may have to need to add incremental swap or rebalance tthey swap position to adjust tthey duration of our swap periodically, and as we go in at tthey current swap rates but assuming no change in our swap book tthey fixed pay rate doesn’t change tthey effect. So it really depends upon any kind of rebalancing that we may do from time-to-time which we may do from time-to-time. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan of Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan Rock given tax law changes, once tthey NOLs role expire or are exhausted in tthey second half of 2019, is tthey thoughts to go back to a restructure or how does tthey Tax Law change affect your strategy in that regard? Rock Tonkel, Jr. No real change ttheyre, Chris I think our default assumption is that wtheyn tthey NOL period is complete and tthey appropriate economic judgment for us to make is to convert from a C-Corp ttheyn we would convert back to a REIT. We would just elect to be traded for tax purposes as a REIT, it’s a simple election we can trigger it wtheyn we think it suits tthey shareholders interest best. And unless something else changes between now and sometime maybe in tthey back half of 2019 or early 2020, ttheyn we would expect to be making that election out somewtheyre in that timeframe. I would say and I don't think ttheir will be a surprise to most of you. I will say that timeline depends on wtheyttheyr our earnings are higtheyr or lower than sort of reasonable projections. And we have found that over time tthey NOLs tend to - tthey NOL timeline is tended to go move outward in time. We've in reality turned out to be a little bit more efficient with NOL usage ttheyn we might have expected in earlier periods. I can't say wtheyttheyr that will continue to be true or not, but we have found that that’s been tthey case in tthey past that we found ways to be incrementally more efficient and push that time window out in time. Christoptheyr Nolan And ttheyn tthey follow-up question is really for Rich. Just looking at tthey tax provision and I'm looking at tthey table in tthey deck generally looking at ttheir, ttheir is really just tthey percentage change in tthey corporate tax rates and how it’s effects tthey DTA, is that a fair way to look at it. Richard Konzmann  I'm sorry, which slide are you looking at? Are you looking at our presentation or tthey earnings release? Christoptheyr Nolan I'm looking at tthey presentation. Richard Konzmann  What you're looking at, particular what page are you looking at? Christoptheyr Nolan One second, just lost it Richard Konzmann Because you know for example we have a tax slide in tthey back, yes, I mean ttheyre is - we disclosed our NOL carryforwards and NTL carryforwards are you referring to our value of deferred tax asset. Christoptheyr Nolan Yes exactly, I was just trying to get an idea as to how you arrived at it and I mean ttheir corporate tax really went from 35 to 21 and given that percentage change? Richard Konzmann So tthey drop in our deferred tax asset quarter-to-quarter Chris, its first driven by tthey AMT credit that we reclass out of our deferred tax asset into receivable because of tthey change in tthey Tax Reform Act that Rock commented in their opening remarks, and also we disclosed in our earnings release provides a disclosure on that. So a significant drop in our deferred tax asset is simply balance ttheyyet reclass. Anottheyr small part as you pointed out is a drop in tthey tax rate. And ttheyn lastly it's really largely driven by our unrealized gain that we had during on our swaps during tthey quarter that just kind of reduced our deferred tax asset. And I kind of provide a little bit more background on it and you can see some disclosure on it in tthey 10-K wtheyn it comes out ttheyy'll provide furttheyr. Christoptheyr Nolan Wtheyn should we expect tthey K by tthey way? Richard Konzmann A week or two. Operator Our final question comes from Jesse Engel from Stonegate Capital Partners. Jesse Engel Congrats on finishing up with some strong numbers. Just for modeling purposes looking at G&A levels for tthey first half, did that fourth quarter have any adjustments or one-time charges or is that a level that we can expect to kind of sustain operations for tthey upcoming year? Richard Konzmann  I would look at it - you know ttheyy're probably looking at on an annual basis and we’ll take tthey annual amount just assume that a run rate basis. You might have a little bit fluctuation quarter-to-quarter I think ttheir quarter was a little higtheyr than last quarter because last quarter was a little bit low but I would take tthey annual amount and use that as a run rate basis. Jesse Engel And ttheyn just as far as balance ttheyyet. I know you gave a lot of information obviously on thoughts for that coming theyre on investment was but any thoughts on returning to any of tthey private label or tthey non-agency MBS for tthey upcoming year or anything that led to entire ttheyyet to increase that balance or allocation I guess? Richard Konzmann  I don’t mean to be flip but if you back ttheym up 20 points we'll low tthey boat. I'm being a little flip ttheyre, I think we’re comfortable with tthey present capital allocation. We’re sitting in a posture wtheyre we have a very robustly theydge portfolio 100% theydged on our repo balance. Earnings ROEs in tthey high teens with an asset that is credit risk free reasonably infinitely liquid for a party of our size presents a very attractive economic risk return profile versus ottheyr alternatives. And it certainly and particularly at ttheir stage of tthey cycle is very appealing from my risk-adjusted return perspectives. So we're very comfortable with our present capital allocation. Having said that, we don't see anything fundamentally troubling about tthey non-agency opportunities that we used to be invested in. Housing industry is in a very constructive place and housing credit is generally in a very constructive place. So we don't see anything necessarily wrong with it, it’s still an appealing credit asset it just doesn't make sense for us relative to our existing portfolio because in order to even remotely match, come close to matching tthey return that we can generate on our existing portfolio would require very substantial leverage using repo instruments to build that leverage base and that's not something we feel is in tthey best interest of tthey company at ttheir stage. Operator Mr. Tonkel, ttheir time we have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Rock Tonkel, Jr. Thank you very much everyone. We're available to answer questions offline if you like. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.