Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Rock Tonkel - CEO Rich Konzmann - CFO Eric Billings - Executive Chairman Brian Bowers - Chief Investment Officer Analysts Anthony Levi-Ribner - FBR Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Doug Harter - Credit Suisse David Walrod - Jones Trading Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is on listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Rich Konzmann Thank you very much. Good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future, financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey Company's Randyual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey Company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning, and welcome to tthey second quarter of 2017 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today are Eric Billings and Brian Bowers. During tthey second quarter, tthey bond market signaled tempered expectations for faster economic growth and higtheyr inflation, resulting from potential pro-economic growth policies following tthey November elections, including potential tax reform, infrastructure spending and deregulation, while tthey equity markets continue to price in higtheyr optimism for growth and inflation. In response to ttheir backdrop, tthey 10-year U.S. Treasury rate rallied for most of tthey quarter, reaching a low of 2.1% in June before ending at 2.31% as of quarter-end, an 8 basis point decline from tthey March 31 rate. Additionally tthey Treasury rate curve continue to flatten during tthey quarter as tthey spread between tthey two year and 10-year U.S. Treasury rate narrowed 20 basis points. Although tthey spread between 10-year U.S. Treasury rates and interest rate swaps tightened modestly during tthey quarter, two year swap spreads declined significantly by 12 basis points. As widely expected, tthey Federal Reserve raised its target federal funds rate in June by 25 basis points, tthey third increase in tthey six-month period. Market expectations were furttheyr rate increases ttheir year have declined from tthey prior quarter. And based on federal funds futures prices, market participants currently expect that ttheyre is less than 50% chance that tthey Federal Reserve will raise rates again in tthey fourth end of tthey calendar year. In its June statement, tthey Federal Reserve expanded furttheyr on its previously announced balance ttheyyet normalization policy by signaling that it began implementing a normalization program later ttheir year by gradually decreasing its monthly reinvestments. In that environment, 30-year Agency MBS underperformed modestly as tthey market continue to contemplate tthey impact of tthey Federal Reserve's pending diminittheyyd role in tthey Agency MBS market. On tthey ottheyr hand, repo funding capacity remained strong during tthey quarter with financing rates on Agency MBS continuing to be competitive as demand for short-term repo backed by Agency MBS remains strong. Prepayments fees during tthey first two months of tthey second quarter were relatively benign before increasing somewhat in June in part due to seasonal factors. Looking forward, near-term prepayments fees are expected to remain moderate subject to normal seasonal variations. However continued wage growth, home price appreciation and tthey recent downward movement in long-term interest rates for a bit in tthey second quarter may accelerate prepayments fees somewhat from tthey current levels. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter. We reported a GAAP net loss of $0.74 per share and non-GAAP core operating income of $0.58 per share, a decline of $0.02 per share from tthey prior quarter. Tthey company declared a dividend of $0.55 per common share for tthey second quarter, it's second change to its common stock dividend in 25 quarters. Core operating income per share for tthey second quarter benefited from higtheyr average investment volumes and moderately lower G&A expenses. However ttheyse benefits were more than offset by tthey higtheyr average cost of funding, driven primarily by tthey [Technical Difficulty] March and June interest rate hikes. Although Agency MBS prepayments fees increased modestly during tthey second quarter, tthey company's weighted average investment yields remained unchanged from tthey prior quarter. Tthey weighted average CPR for our Agency MBS during tthey second quarter was 9.03%, an increase from 8.17% in tthey prior quarter, while weighted average reflective asset yield on our Agency MBS was 2.85% for tthey second quarter, unchanged from tthey prior quarter. Looking forward to tthey third quarter. Prepayments fees were a relatively higtheyr to start tthey quarter with weighted average CPR for July at 10.55%, in part due to normal seasonal factors, which we expect would resolve in a weighted average effective asset yield of approximately 2.77% for tthey month. Net interest spreads available on TBA dollar rolls were favorable in tthey quarter compared to Agency MBS funded with repo. For tthey company's TBA dollar rolls, tthey implied net interest spread was 2.42% for tthey second quarter compared to 2.45% for tthey first quarter. For tthey second quarter, our average investment balances were higtheyr than tthey prior quarter, which contributed to an increase in core operating income of approximately $0.03 per share compared to tthey first quarter. As we stated in our prior quarter earnings call, we increased our overall Agency portfolio towards tthey end of first quarter to prior levels as prepayments fees began to stabilize late in tthey first quarter leading to most attractive returns. All-in funding cost increased from tthey prior quarter, contributing to a decline in our core operating income of approximately $0.07 per share compared to tthey first quarter. Tthey weighted average funding rate on our repo financing during tthey quarter increased 18 basis points from tthey prior quarter to 108 basis points, driven primarily by higtheyr benchmark rates due to tthey Fed hikes in both March and June. However tthey impact of tthey funding cost rise in LIBOR from tthey Fed rate hikes was mitigated by narrowing of tthey spread between LIBOR and repo financing rates as conditions in tthey Agency repo market and pricing continue to be favorable. For tthey quarter, tthey spread between average one-month LIBOR and our average repo financing rates narrowed approximately 5 basis points compared to tthey last quarter to 2 basis points. Tthey funding cost of our repo financing increased to 1.33% as of tthey end of tthey quarter due to tthey June fed rate hike as well as repo providers demanding higtheyr rates related in part to common quarter-end balance ttheyyet patterns. Tthey spread between one-month LIBOR and our repo financing rates was 11 basis points at quarter end. And looking forward to July, our repo funding cost improved from end of last quarter by approximately 2 basis points. As of quarter-end, our book value was $13.48 per common share. Our tangible book value, defined as GAAP common equity less our deferred tax asset, was $12.55 per share, a decrease of 4% from tthey prior quarter. Tthey decline in tangible book value per share was attributable to tthey modest underperformance in tthey price of tthey company's Agency MBS relative to its interest rate theydges, particularly within tthey company's higtheyr coupon Agency MBS. In addition, Agency MBS portfolio is theydged primarily with tthey interest rate swaps, such as tthey company's underperformed similar portfolios theydged with tthey U.S. Treasuries as a result of tthey tightening of interest rate swaps during tthey quarter. As of quarter end, tthey company's Agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.3 billion, consisting of $4.2 billion of specified Agency MBS and $1.1 billion of net long TBA securities. During tthey second quarter, tthey company increased its allocation of agency TBAs while lowering its position of specified Agency MBS as a net spread opportunity of TBA rolls with moderately higtheyr than tthey net interest spread returns of specified Agency MBS financed with repo funding. As of June 30, tthey Agency TBA position represented 22% of tthey company's overall Agency investment portfolio compared to 10% as of tthey end of tthey prior quarter. Tthey company maintains a substantial theydge position with tthey intent to protect tthey company's capital and earnings potential against rising rates over tthey long-term. Our theydging strategy enables tthey company to maintain an attractive return on its Agency MBS portfolio in order to produce resilient and predictable core operating income that supports attractive dividends to our shareholders. Tthey company primarily uses interest rate swaps supplemented with 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures to theydge interest rate risk. During tthey second quarter, tthey weighted average notional amount of tthey company's interest rate theydges as a percentage of repo and TBA commitments was 74%, a slight increase from 72% in tthey prior quarter. As of June 30, tthey company had interest rate swap payments totaling $3.5 billion in notional amounts comprised of $975 million of short-term interest rate swaps, with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 1.7 years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.18%; $500 million of medium term interest rate swaps with a remaining weighted average maturity of four years and a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.91% and $2 billion of long-term interest rates swaps with tthey remaining weighted average maturity of 8.9 years on a weighted average fixed pay rate of 2.01%. Tthey company also had forward starting two-year interest rate swap that become effective in September and October of 2017 with a weighted average fixed pay rate of 1.13%. In addition to interest rate swaps, tthey company also theyld $350 million in notional amount of short positions in 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures as of June 30, to mitigate tthey interest rate sensitivity of tthey value of its fixed rate Agency portfolio. To limit tthey exposure of its overall interest rate theydge portfolio in a significantly falling rate environment, tthey company also was long $700 million in call options in 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures as of quarter-end at a weighted average strike price that equates to a 10-year U.S. Treasury rate of 1.81%. Tthey company continues to utilize its tax benefits afforded to it as a C-Corporation that allow it to shield substantially all of its income taxes. As of quarter-end, tthey company had estimated net operating loss carry-forwards of $75 million; net capital loss carry-forwards totaling $324 million and AMT credit carry-forwards of $9 million. Based on its current investment and theydge portfolio, tthey company expects that it will utilize its net operating loss and AMT credit carry-forwards during tthey latter half of 2019, although changes for tthey portfolio and actual higtheyr or lower than expected future income could change that estimate. From a book accounting perspective, tthey company had a deferred tax asset of $24 million or $0.93 per share as of quarter, which now reflects a full valuation allowance against all tthey company's deferred tax assets that are capital in tax nature. Overall theydged Agency investment returns continue to remain attractive with focus of Arlington's investment strategy and theydging strategy continues to be and maintain tthey approximate scale and attractive return characteristics of our portfolio in order to generate a resilient and consistent spread income streams to support attractive dividends over time and deliver tthey higtheyst present value opportunity for shareholders. After delivered $22.44 per share of dividends to common shareholders over tthey last 30 quarters, tthey company remains committed to tthey interest of shareholders and to delivering dividends, which continue to support attractive long-term returns to shareholders on an after-tax adjusted basis. Thank you. We would be happy to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Levi-Ribner with FBR. Anthony Levi-Ribner Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Rock Tonkel Good morning, Anthony. Anthony Levi-Ribner One on tthey shift from more TBAs versus spec for ttheir quarter. What determines that shift and how do we think about it going through tthey third quarter? Rock Tonkel Well, as I said in tthey remarks, tthey driver was simply what we felt was a better risk-adjusted spread opportunity in tthey TBAs at tthey time versus specs. And as we've talked about before that's sort of a judgment we make at tthey margin month-by-month as TBA rolls shift and to tthey extent that at tthey given point in time, maybe - ttheyy maybe more attractive, say, all things taken togettheyr relative to specs. Ttheyn we'll allocate more capital to tthey TBAs and more balance ttheyyet and more capital to tthey TBAs. And if we find that specs appear relatively expensive at tthey margin, relative to TBAs at a given point in time, we will adjust that accordingly. So that's sort of a toggle at tthey margin based on achieving tthey better risk-adjusted return for tthey overall portfolio. Anthony Levi-Ribner Okay. And ttheyn just one on your comment about tthey dividend. How can we think about that going forward and kind of wrapped up in that is, what your expectations for rate hikes and interest rates are going to be and earnings power on tthey back of that? Rock Tonkel Well, as you know, probably tthey largest drivers beyond simply tthey scale of tthey portfolio, and to some degree tthey mix, but tthey largest drivers are our going to be prepayments fees and marginal funding rates. So we are quite substantially theydged but ttheyre is a untheydged portion of our repo book. And so wtheyn we see wtheyn tthey Fed makes its adjustments from a rate perspective, ttheyn that flows through to tthey funding line, I think, tthey change in tthey dividend, we've tried to be pretty clear that that was a result primarily of tthey cumulative effect of tthey Fed rate increases on tthey untheydged portion of tthey book principally over tthey last six months. And I would say from theyre, wtheyn we look at tthey dividend change, we took into consideration what we felt was tthey core and ongoing earnings power of tthey portfolio in tthey environment at that time, which to us doesn't seem to have changed materially today versus ttheyn. And I think tthey drivers from ttheyre will be are ttheyre meaningful additional rate hikes from tthey Fed and what is tthey course of prepayment speeds over tthey remainder of tthey year etcetera going forward into tthey future from theyre. Last year, we saw speeds that were more elevated in tthey back part of tthey year based on tthey spike downward in rates that was extended for a period of time and created a window for accelerated prepayments. We can't say wtheyttheyr that's happened ttheir year or not. We don't have reason to expect it but ttheyre is of course political uncertainty that we're all living in that can create unusual scenario. So I would say we wouldn't expect in tthey normal course. Tthey speed ttheir year would be as accelerated as ttheyy were last year because of tthey rate levels and ottheyr factors in tthey overall mortgage prepayment environment. But that would be a large determinant of tthey spread earnings, and ttheyrefore, tthey reported core earnings of tthey company going forward. So I think wtheyn we set tthey dividend, we try to take into consideration what we thought would be reasonable and normal seasonal patterns in prepayment speeds based on tthey environment we are in, and we feel like we set tthey dividend in a level that reflected tthey ability to absorb some changes in speeds over time but if tthey Fed makes meaningful additional moves and/or speeds are meaningfully higtheyr, ttheyn those are things that we can't control and will have ttheyir own effects. Outside of that, we feel like we're - tthey dividend is generally reflective of tthey earnings power of tthey portfolio at ttheir scale and mix. Anthony Levi-Ribner Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Trevor Cranston of JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Hi, thanks. Good morning. It looks like leverage on tthey portfolio, if you include tthey TBA position, increased moderately ttheir quarter. Can you talk about how you're thinking about that currently? And with spreads widening somewhat during tthey second quarter, if you view agencies as attractive enough to continue growing tthey portfolio, if you're just comfortable with tthey size of it as of June 30? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Well, I think tthey growth in tthey portfolio was driven in large part by tthey incremental capital. And so we would look at tthey opportunity today and say yes based on tthey spreads available today, particularly as ttheyy widen a bit over tthey course of tthey quarter and represent an attractive opportunity. So to tthey extent that ttheyre is capital from prepayments or ottheyrwise to deploy, ttheyn I think we would feel comfortable deploying that into ttheir spread environment in tthey agency space. So I think we - and wtheyttheyr we do or wtheyttheyr we don't, incrementally will depend on of course, as you know, Trevor, what tthey pace of runoff is and to tthey extent ttheyy were capital raising opportunities going forward, which would be speculative on my part to guess about. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And next question comes from Doug Harter of Credit Suisse. Doug Harter You talk about wanting to deliver tthey best returns. How are you balancing tthey leverage which is at tthey higtheyr end of peers versus a dividend, which is also at tthey high-end and how are you balancing that versus taking down risk and delivering a lower return but potentially less volatility in book value and/or earnings given wtheyre we are? Rock Tonkel Well, I think, Doug, that I don't feel like we have really a different answer than we've shared before our approach and our philosophy is to take advantage of those wider spreads and maintain tthey approximate scale of tthey portfolio based on our existing invested capital in it, and ttheyrefore by maintaining that approximate scale and taking advantage of those higtheyr spread opportunities and tthey possibility that comes from ttheym to deliver that benefit to tthey shareholders to maximize ttheyir present value of outcome. And so I think ttheyre is not really a change ttheyre. And what's governing us ttheyre is tthey marginal return attractive relative to ottheyr alternatives that are available to us and compelling versus tthey existing return in tthey portfolio. And if that's tthey case, ttheyn we would expect in a normal course to continue to reinvest at tthey margin into a higtheyr spread environment. Doug Harter Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Walrod of Jones Trading. Rock Tonkel Hi Dave. David Walrod Yes, good morning. I just wanted to expand a little bit on a couple of things. First of all, you talked about tthey Fed and tthey outlook for rate increases has been a little more tempered. Can you talk about, I guess, any changes you made in tthey portfolio or in your theydge book in response to ttheyse kind of a more nuanced outlook? Rock Tonkel Sure. I think we found during tthey quarter tthey incremental profitability of not just tthey TBAs but at tthey margin forced to be a little bit more favorable than sort of three-and-a-halfs and so we made somewhat of incremental shift ttheyre. And I think in tthey context of that, we - of tthey context of our view and may be a bit more focused on a front-end that maybe - front-end of tthey curve which may be continuing to move up as tthey Fed goes along its work whatever pace ttheyy choose to move up funds rates at, we add an incremental theydges in tthey short-end sort of three year tenor, and at tthey same time as we incrementally grew tthey portfolio, we added some long-end protection as well in incremental futures against tthey TBA portfolio. As tthey TBA portfolio grew, we incrementally added futures. And as we start to emphasize a little bit more of tthey front-end sensitivity to future rate hikes, we added some three year swaps. And that let tthey duration, tthey overall duration of tthey theydge, about tthey same maybe a tiny little bit longer, a little bit higtheyr in repo coverage, a little bit higtheyr theydge coverage with a repo position at 74% versus 72%. David Walrod Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just kind of a basic question. You've obviously got tthey portfolio and 100% Agency MBS. In your investor presentation you note tthey possibility of investing opportunistically in ottheyr asset classes. Is ttheyre anything specifically you're looking at or is that just kind of a generic we look for opportunities? Rock Tonkel Well, as you know, we've looked at different alternatives over time and I would say particularly right now with overall investment spreads wtheyre ttheyy are and available returns as tight as ttheyy are, that tthey Agency opportunity theyre on a theydge basis with, call it 3.10 or ttheyreabouts yield and about 180 - 175, 180 basis point all-in cost of floating funding and theydge funding, leaves you at neighborhood of 130 points little bit more. To us that seems like an appealing opportunity with tthey intheyrent protection to it from tthey government and from liquidity of that market, against many ottheyr alternatives that we are reviewing from time to time. And so ttheyre is nothing apparent right at tthey moment that jumps out at us. We've reviewed different alternatives, and at tthey moment, we feel like incremental capital to tthey extent it's available would go to tthey agency side. David Walrod Okay. Thank you. Operator Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Okay. Thanks very much folks. If you want to have any furttheyr questions or thoughts, just please pick up tthey phone. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. At ttheir time, you may now disconnect.