Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2019 9:00 AM ET Corporate Participants Rich Konzmann - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Rock Tonkel - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks, we'll open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Rich Konzmann Thank you very much and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future finance or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's belief, assumptions and expectations which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risk are described in tthey company's Arthurual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC. And you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statement. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Good morning everyone. Before I provide my remarks on our results for tthey quarter. I'd like to take a moment to pay our deep respects to Dave Walrod, who unexpectedly passed away last month. Dave was a recognized leader in our industry as a self-side analyst with Jones Trading and prior to that with Ladenburg Thalmann. Dave was a good person and a friend of both tthey firm and our team members. And they will be sorely missed. Thank you. After a challenging fourth quarter and improved investor risk sentiment and lower volatility led to a rebound across financial markets during tthey first quarter. In response to lower global growth and inflation expectations, tthey Federal Reserve adopted a more neutral monetary policy stance by signaling that it does not anticipate furttheyr rate increases ttheir year and announcing that it would end its balance ttheyyet reduction initiative by ttheir September. Although ttheyse actions and ottheyr factors led to lower interest rate volatility, interest rates continue to rally that began last quarter with a 10-year U.S. Treasury falling 28 basis points during tthey first quarter ending at 241. Today, tthey U.S. Treasury 10-year rate is at 2.52%. With lower interest rate volatility, tthey spread between tthey market yield of an agency MBS and benchmark interest rates tightened modestly during tthey first quarter, retracing some of tthey meaningful widening experience last quarter. Leading to tthey pricing of agency MBS outperforming interest rate theydges, in particular values of agency MBS backed by specified pools of loans with favorable prepayment characteristics performed very well during tthey first quarter as tthey decline in mortgage rates increased forward prepayment speed expectations in anticipation of higtheyr refinancing volumes. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter, we reported GAAP net income of $0.52 per share and core operating income of $0.32 per share. Core operating income compared to tthey prior quarter was impacted by tthey timing of investing tthey capital raised during tthey quarter and lower average leverage. As we highlighted during our fourth quarter earnings call, we expected that tthey reduction in tthey company's leverage at tthey end of 2018 would enhance portfolio resiliency and reduce book value volatility going forward. However, it would also have a moderating impact on earnings. During tthey first quarter, our weighted average leverage was approximately 1.5x less than last quarter, which accounted for a majority of tthey decline in core operating income during tthey first quarter. As of March 31, tthey company's recourse leverage measured as tthey company's repo financing and TVA commitments less cash to total investable capital was 11x. During tthey first quarter of tthey tightening of agency CMBS spreads relative to benchmark interest rates led to gains on our agency MBS investments exceeding tthey losses on our interest rate theydge positions with pay up premiums on our specified agency MBS increasing approximately two thirds of a point during tthey first quarter. Overall, tthey net gain on our agency MBS investment and interest rate theydge portfolio increased book value by 2.6% during tthey quarter. Our book value ended March 31 at 8.70 per share relatively unchanged from last quarter as a net gain from our investment and theydge portfolio were offset by dilution from our capital raises and ottheyr factors. During tthey first quarter, tthey company successfully raised $78 million in common and preferred equity capital. Tthey company was able to deploy tthey capital and favorable investment environment at attractive returns while improving tthey company's operating leverage by lowering its ratio of G&A expenses to investable capital by approximately 70 basis points and also improving tthey liquidity of tthey common stock. While capital raises resulted in a one-time dilution to book value per share ttheir quarter, tthey company expects to recover tthey dilution through accretive earnings in approximately six quarters from just tthey improved G&A leverage alone and not factoring in tthey potential earnings accretion from investing tthey capital at attractive spreads. As of quarter end, tthey company's total agency MBS portfolio totaled $5.1 billion with 82% of tthey investment portfolio allocated a specified agency MBS and 18% allocated to TBA agency securities. During tthey first quarter tthey company decreased its position in 4.5 coupon agency MBS somewhat while increasing its exposure to 4% coupon securities in order to take advantage of tthey pricing outperformance of 4.5 specified agency MBS during tthey quarter and to reduce tthey company's premium to par risk and higtheyr coupon bonds going forward. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS during tthey quarter was 7.55% a decrease from 8.25% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS was 3.36% for tthey first quarter compared to 3.30 in tthey prior quarter. Tthey improvement in tthey effective asset yield was driven by lower prepayment speeds and new purchases at a higtheyr current investment yield as a result of portfolio repositioning and reinvestment of monthly pay downs. Tthey company's prepayment speeds to start tthey second quarter were quite contained with tthey weighted average CPR for April at 8.18%, which we expect would result in a weighted average effective asset yield of approximately 3.35% for that period. Tthey company's weighted average repo funding rate was 2.68% during tthey first quarter at 25 basis point increase from last quarter consistent with tthey 25 basis point increase in tthey federal funds rate in December. Funding markets tightened in March resulting in a weighted average repo funding rate rising to 2.73% as of March 31. In addition, tthey favorable funding dynamics of repo funding theydge with interest rate swaps that tthey industry experienced for much of 2018 began to return to more normalized levels in tthey first quarter as tthey spread of repo funding rates over one month LIBOR widened and tthey spread between one month LIBOR and three month wide were narrow. Since quarter end, repo funding rates have improved with tthey company's weighted average repo funding rate at 2.62% as of April 30 and 11 basis point improvement since quarter end. During tthey first quarter, tthey company migrated tthey net duration gap of tthey company's agency MBS and interest rate theydge portfolio to a negative 0.2 years as of March 31. Although returns on levered agency MBS today are lower than ttheyy were to start tthey first quarter. Ttheyy continue to offer an attractive investment opportunity relative to ottheyr alternatives with several positive factors offering potential upside for tthey company going forward. First, market participants are currently pricing in a Fed rate cut in tthey next 12 months and without opining on wtheyttheyr that will or will not occur, certainly if it did occur that would benefit our future funding costs and net interest spreads. Second, repo funding availability for our agency MBS continues to be strong and growing. Third, our recent capital raises have improved our return on equity profile by lowering our G&A to investable capital ratio by approximately 70 basis points. And we feel opportunities exist for some additional cost expense reductions going forward. Fourth, tthey Fed shift to a more neutral monetary policy and resulting lower rate volatility environment may produce a more stable return profile for agency MBS. In summary, Arlington produced solid results for tthey first quarter with an annualized economic return of 16.8%, while also raising $78 million of capital that we expect to be accretive to earnings going forward. Tthey company looks forward to continuing to deliver an attractive risk adjusted return to its shareholders. Operator, I'd now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we'll open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We will now go to our first question Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Trevor Cranston Hi. Good morning. Thank you. First question on tthey prepay speeds which you commented on, you said wtheyre ttheyy've started out tthey second quarter. Can you maybe provide some additional color around sort of how you expect those to develop over tthey remainder of tthey quarter and into tthey summer given tthey rate we've had? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Well, I guess I'd say Trevor that market expectations for speed progression really throughout tthey coupon stack have been increased and our April experience suggests that possibly tthey expectations may be a little severe relative to how reality will unwind. I think we would expect ttheyre to be normal seasonality effects and that would have an elevating effect on speeds through tthey latter part of tthey spring and tthey summer as it typically does from year-to-year. On top of that, we may expect some increase from tthey level of rates that wouldn't surprise us. But I'm not sure we would expect tthey speeds to elevate maybe to tthey degree that tthey market expectations are pricing. So, I would expect some increase in speeds. We've run models as high as [10.11] [ph] through tthey meaty parts of tthey seasonality curve. We'll see if those developed -- those -- that may be reality -- could be higtheyr than that it won't surprise me if ttheyy're maybe not quite as severe as tthey market expect. Trevor Cranston Got you. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, on tthey duration gap, you mentioned that it's down to around negative point two years right now. So pretty close to neutral. I was curious how you guys were thinking about that and how you're managing against tthey potential risk for spreads to widen in a rate rally scenario. How that plays into -- how you are positioning tthey duration gap right now? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Well, you can see from tthey materials, tthey shift in net duration position quarter-over-quarter and I'd say, we're pretty close to neutral. I think we look at tthey higtheyr coupon book that we have is providing some level of protection in tthey up rate move. So, we feel like that gives us a little bit more room to be more balanced. Maybe ttheyn we had been before in respect of exactly that dynamic which is a downright widener. And I think tthey combination of bringing that theydge relative theydge and duration ratio closer to neutral. Combined with tthey lower leverage should mitigate our book volatility reaction to that to a downright widener should it occur. I would also say that tthey benefit -- tthey ottheyr benefit of somewhat reduced leverage is an increased flexibility from liquidity -- excess liquidity position, which would give one tthey benefit of being able to add bonds potentially into that widener and get tthey ongoing accretion effect, tthey benefit of tthey downright widener. So we feel like on multiple fronts. We're in a better position although of course we're not immune to widener in whatever direction it should occur. Trevor Cranston Great. Okay. And ttheyn last question, wtheyn you think about tthey dynamics that are going sort of forward into tthey second quarter from wtheyre we were in tthey first quarter in terms of prepay speeds and tthey spread versus LIBOR and repo costs and you know wtheyre core earnings were in tthey first quarter. Can you maybe comment as much as you can on how you guys are thinking about tthey dividend level going forward? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Sure. I mean everyone understands that ttheyre are a number of variables in play in that conversation. I would say broadly that flattening curve over time has made levered MBS return somewhat more challenging. And tthey less favorable funding equation for now versus 2018 probably cost a couple of hundred basis points of ROE. But, tthey more dovish global central bank environment has obviously reduced volatility and we think created a more friendly environment for levered MBS. And ttheyrefore more stable and resilient/slash higtheyr quality earnings profile over time. And so overall even with some spread pressures from those sources ttheir environment provides we think very attractive agency MBS returns for tthey industry particularly at ttheir stage of a cycle for tthey industry to be generating double-digit ROEs and paying dividends above that is we think pretty appealing relative to ottheyr asset classes. As net interest spreads are moderated in recent periods from tthey curve flattening, tthey erosion of tthey favorable funding conditions and somewhat less benefit from leverage. And so, in response to that, we've moderated tthey leverage gradually wtheyreas tthey industry's added leverage. And from theyre we said people shouldn't be surprised if ttheyy see some gradual gentle overtime non-linear decline in leverage. We feel like that'll be always dependent on market conditions. And from theyre given ttheyse conditions that's probably moderate, if any move it's probably moderate from theyre. Tthey key variables, look I think ttheyy're pretty straightforward, have tthey speeds develop seasonally interacts with tthey current rate levels. Tthey curve is steepened somewhat from tthey lows does that continue or does it reverse? Obviously, it could give us a boost, if we get some steepening ttheyre. And does tthey funding dynamic sort of reverse from being quite favorable in '18 to really not favorable at all slightly negative sort of in tthey first quarter plus right now to more normalized with a bit of a benefit ttheyre which might be worth 5 or 10 basis points. On balance, it seems to us that tthey overall returns are higtheyr quality, tthey clarity of those returns has increased because of tthey federal -- tthey Fed and central bank environment in lowering that volatility gives a better outlook for earnings we think. And having said that that lowers tthey return profiles from tthey mid teens to really tthey lower double digits -- low teens with potential upside to us from tthey steeper curve, if it occurs funding conditions more normalizing up 5 to 10 basis points benefit somewtheyre in ttheyre, if ttheyy normalize. And speed expectations proving maybe not to be quite as severe as markets expect. And so those are tthey factors that may improve that sort of reverse tthey pressure on earnings and improve that profile. But in tthey interim, I think we feel like we've migrated from a mid teens to a sort of low teens -digit ROE and that seems like -- with more clarity it seems like a very appealing, very attractive opportunity to us looked at over time and looked at in relation to ottheyr asset classes. Trevor Cranston Okay. That's very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Nolan Rock, as a follow-up on tthey dividend, what is your outlook for leverage ratios going in tthey second quarter and tthey third quarter? Rock Tonkel Well, I think Chris you could probably theyar in my comment in response to Trevor's question that we've migrated down and leverage gently and in respect of somewhat less benefit from leveraging as tthey curve is flattening and funding conditions are reversed. We now find ourselves in a circumstance wtheyre tthey industry started elevating at tthey same time. And we look at it and we feel like with tthey overall fed environment and tthey volatility environment and what we think is a very reasonable and attractive outlook for agency MBS returns although ttheyre are some have been and continue to be some spread pressures. We view it as very attractive. I think that we feel like we're comfortable in that low double digits, low teens environment from an earnings perspective. Looking forward for tthey foreseeable future and that's migrated downward, but it's got some potential upside to it from those factors. So, I think leverage implicit in that is probably we've said over time don't be surprised if it's declines gradually. That has occurred. Ttheyre may be somewhat more of that, but I would expect that impact would be moderate from theyre not dramatically lower leverage, but if at all it would be lower and it would be determined by factors on tthey ground at tthey time, how do ttheyse factors that I've referenced develop. Christoptheyr Nolan And as a follow-up, and just doing a quick math on tthey new shares and tthey dividend, I estimate that ttheyy're going to require roughly $9 million in dividend costs assuming 6 million share -- million in shares. And I'm just trying to figure out what sort of investment spread or what sort of leverage assumptions you guys are doing in terms of going forward that would justify being able to support tthey current dividend because right now given tthey 11x leverage, tthey 120 bps in terms of economic investment spread, I'm not seeing that incremental earnings are covering tthey dividend, but maybe I'm doing tthey numbers wrong. Just trying to get your perspective on tthey... Rock Tonkel Well, I think I tried to get at those points in response to Trevor's question and your first question. But, look those are factors. Ttheyse are all factors that we're evaluating all tthey time. Every quarter we evaluate tthey dividend with tthey Board and we set tthey dividend based on that process. That's an ongoing process naturally. I think tthey ingredients that inform that process are as I've discussed in response to ttheyse questions although ttheyre can be ottheyrs that will pop-up in market conditions that are certainly relevant to consider as well. But tthey primary factors are tthey ones I've just enumerated theyre and those are factors we'll be evaluating over tthey rest of tthey quarter. I think I've shared with you what I can share, which is that we feel like my leverage has moderated, migrated downward from theyre. Changes in leverage would probably be moderate, if any and spreads have compressed some from ttheyse factors, I've talked about, higtheyr speed expectations and a change in tthey funding environment. Tthey rest of it will be determining over tthey course of tthey quarter as everybody else will as ttheyy look to ttheyir dividends quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter. Christoptheyr Nolan Got it. Okay. Thanks. And by tthey way thanks for tthey comments on Dave Walrod. He is a good guy. Thanks. That's it for me. Thanks. Rock Tonkel He is a good friend to all of us. Operator And Tonkel, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel Great. Thank you. If you have anything furttheyr, we're happy to talk offline, ottheyrwise we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And thank you all for your attention. Ttheir concludes today's conference. All participants may now disconnect.