Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Rock Tonkel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Konzmann - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Jason Stewart - JonesTrading Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your line is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company's remarks we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Sir, please go atheyad. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much, and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey second quarter 2021 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today is John Murray, our Portfolio Manager. During tthey second quarter, tthey Federal Reserve struck a more hawkish tone at its June meeting, leading to market concerns that it may begin to taper its bond purchases and raise interest rates sooner than previously expected. Which rally tthey 10 year US Treasury rate almost 30 basis points and both flatten tthey yield curve. Against ttheir backdrop agency mortgage spreads widened and swap spreads tightened during tthey second quarter. In an improving economy residential mortgage credit spreads tightened and home price appreciation continued its strong annual growth during tthey second quarter supported by favorable supply demand dynamics. Tthey company's long-term strategy is to construct an investment portfolio with multiple sources of income, which complement our theirtorical agency MBS portfolio, diversify risk and improve tthey level and reliability of returns. Over time, tthey company expects to complement its allocation of capital and agency mortgages by redeploying capital into its ottheyr targeted segments, including mortgage servicing rights, mortgage credit and ottheyr asset classes. We expect to maintain a strong stable and liquid financial position by keeping leverage low and financial flexibility high while utilizing term financing structures were available. In addition, tthey company is focused on creating proprietary partnerships or platforms wtheyre possible to promote tthey predictability of cash flows, growth and tthey potential for compounding value creation opportunities layer on top of tthey current investment returns embedded in tthey company's investments. During tthey second quarter, tthey company made solid progress towards ttheyse goals by reallocating capital into both its MSR and mortgage credit strategies. As of June 30, tthey company's investable capital was allocated 39% to agency mortgages, 25% to mortgage servicing rights and 36% to mortgage credit. As discussed on our prior earnings call tthey company has a strategic relationship with a licensed GSE approved servicer that enables tthey company to garner tthey economic return of an investment in mortgage servicing rights without holding tthey requisite license directly. Under tthey terms of our partnership, tthey company provides capital to our partner to purchase MSRs directly and tthey company in turn receives all tthey economics of tthey MSRs less of fee payable to our partner. At our option and direction our partner has tthey capacity to add leverage to increase potential returns to us. Although tthey company has not utilized any leverage through its committed facility on its MSR investment portfolio to date. We believe ttheir efficient, cost effective and lower risk channel for investing in tthey economics of mortgage servicing rights differentiates Arlington. Our MSR investment portfolio has produced strong returns year-to-date through June 30 despite tthey significant fall in long-term interest rates and valuation multiples on mortgage servicing rights have been resilient, declining only slightly during tthey second quarter. During tthey quarter tthey company made $39 million of new MSR related investments, growing its MSR investment portfolio to $75 million or 25% of our investable capital as of quarter end. Subsequent to June 30, we have invested an additional 14 million in MSR related assets. Newly created mortgage servicing rights of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans currently offer attractive return opportunities and provide a strong complement to agency MBS investment characteristics. At current purchase price multiples of approximately four times or current coupon MSRs, unlevered MSR investments offer base returns in tthey high single digits. Furttheyrmore, MSRs generally increase in value as interest rates rise, agency durations extend and/or mortgage spreads widen. Turning to levered agency MBS, returns continue to benefit from low repo funding costs and ongoing Federal Reserve's support. Against ttheir backdrop, we are currently seeing available returns in tthey high single digits on levered agency MBS with an appropriate theydge position. However, a reduction in support from tthey Federal Reserve could lead to furttheyr widening of agency mortgage spreads. And tthey company continues to believe ttheyre is meaningful basis risk and agency MBS relative to tthey current spread return opportunity today and ttheyrefore remains cautious about significantly increasing tthey leverage and capital allocation to its agency mortgage investment strategy. Taken togettheyr, incorporating a levered agency MBS investment with MSR investment combines investments with complimentary characteristics, decreases overall risk while increasing ROEs. Mortgage servicing rights tend to increase in value as mortgage rates rise and more specifically, wtheyn durations on agency MBS extend. Ttheir increase in value resulting from mortgage expansion typically occurs wtheyn mismatctheys between levered agency MBS and theydges are higtheyst. Furttheyrmore, MSRs offer an attractive standalone return in tthey high single digits and by reducing tthey need for swaps as a theydge for agency MBS and ttheyir associated costs, MSRs provide a positive carry theydge for levered agency securities. Replacing negative carry swaps with positive carry MSRs, turns tthey largest drag on levered agency MBS returns into a carry positive. Going forward, we would expect to replace components of our interest rate swap position on our agency MBS investment portfolio with MSRs as tthey company scales its MSR investments, ttheyreby increasing combined returns by several 100 basis points into tthey low double digits while improving tthey protection to tthey company's capital. Tthey underlying credit performance of tthey company's mortgage credit investments produced solid results during tthey second quarter supported by strong economic environment. Subsequent to quarter end, tthey company received full repayment of its largest mortgage credit investment, one that was originated prior to tthey onset of tthey pandemic and delivered levered returns of approximately 13%. During tthey second quarter, tthey company made $58 million of new mortgage credit investments and continues to evaluate new opportunities that offer high risk adjusted returns, particularly potential opportunities in residential business purpose loans. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $5.94 per share as of June 30, a decline of 2.9% from tthey prior quarter end. Tthey company continued to operate with low overall leverage and significant financial flexibility, with an overall at risk leverage ratio of 2.2 to 1 as of June 30. For tthey second quarter, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $0.24 per share and growth in operating income, core operating income of $0.04 per share from tthey prior quarter to a total of $0.07 per share. During tthey second quarter tthey company returned capital to shareholders through accretive stock repurchases by repurchasing 2.6% of its outstanding common stock that accreted $0.05 per share to book value. Since June 30, tthey company repurchased an additional 1.1% of its outstanding common stock that accreted an additional $0.02 per share to book value. Tthey company has a large remaining authorization from its Board to repurchase shares of its common stock and will look to continue to return capital to shareholders by opportunistically repurchasing shares of its common stock at accretive prices. Company did not declare dividend on its common stock for tthey second quarter. Tthey Board of Directors will continue to evaluate tthey payment of quarterly dividends on tthey common stock based on multiple factors including current earnings results, overall market conditions, liquidity needs, available returns on new investments, opportunities to return capital to shareholders through accretive stock repurchases and redistribution requirements. In July, tthey company successfully completed a public offering of $37.8 million of five year unsecured 6% senior notes using tthey proceeds to redeem its six and five eight senior notes due in 2023, with an outstanding balance of 23.8 million. Tthey issuance allowed tthey company to both extend tthey maturity date and lower tthey interest rate of its debt while also raising additional investable capital at an attractive cost. Company has spent considerable time evaluating investment opportunities in single family rental that offer potential attractive long-term returns supported by favorable supply demand dynamics, a theyalthy US home financing market, and increasingly flexible term financing structures for institutional level single family residential investments. We expect ttheir favorable dynamic in US single family rental homes to continue for some time, as we believe tthey limited supply of new homes will likely not meet tthey growing demand of housing based on expected demographic trends. Tthey company hopes to make significant progress towards adding ttheir segment to our capital allocation channels and potentially investing in ttheir asset class in tthey coming quarter. Overall, tthey company is very encouraged by tthey solid progress it has made to date in tthey transition toward its long-term goals and is optimistic about its prospects going forward. Tthey company has taken positive steps toward its objective of complementing our core agency MBS portfolio with high return, non-commodity, quality investment channels which provide diversification of risk, multiple income sources to raise overall returns to shareholders and offer sustainable ongoing investment flow. During tthey second quarter tthey scaling of our MSR channel provided improved protection to tthey portfolio from agency MBS rate and spread volatility and raised profitability appreciably. As tthey company continues to expand its diversified investment strategies, we expect higtheyr returns from ttheyse investments to provide increased earnings power over time, which can form tthey potential pathway for returning additional capital to shareholders. As that deployment process occurs, we expect to maintain a strong financial position highlighted by low leverage, high flexibility and tthey use of term financing structures wtheyre possible, enabling tthey company to be opportunistic and capture attractive investment opportunities that may arise across sectors as conditions evolve. And very importantly, to sustain tthey ongoing ability to utilize its stock repurchase authority and deliver attractive returns to shareholders over time. Thank you very much. Operator, I would like to now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Hey, thanks good morning. Rock Tonkel Good morning Trevor. Trevor Cranston I guess first question a little bit bigger picture theyre with tthey progress you guys have made, building up tthey portfolio and proving tthey core earnings. Can you share your thoughts on how you're thinking about potentially reinstating a dividend? I guess I mean, I'm aware you guys have also been buying back shares. But I'm curious to get your thoughts on how you're thinking about tthey prospects of tthey payment. Thanks. Rock Tonkel Sure. So we are encouraged by tthey ramp in earnings and capital deployment that's providing that ramp in earnings. We have made meaningful progress not only in tthey MSR side, but we're hopeful that we have additional opportunities to discuss as I referred to in tthey script theyre over tthey course of tthey coming quarter. And I think that leaves us with a positive picture and expectation over tthey course of tthey rest of tthey year. And I think that - and that's something we'll be talking more about over tthey course of tthey remainder of tthey year. So I think tthey basis - tthey improved basis in earnings and capital allocation, combined with tthey additional partnerships that we hope to have in place theyre over tthey not too distant term, certainly tthey coming quarter would provide us with additional ramp to deployment in earnings, and set tthey basis for furttheyr conversation about that over tthey course of tthey rest of tthey year. Trevor Cranston Okay, got it. That's theylpful. Ttheyn a couple of questions on tthey MSR assets, I guess first, I was curious what your thoughts are on tthey continued rally and rates which has happened in July and what tthey risk is of a significant pickup in prepaid speeds on tthey MSR assets, particularly if we were to get 30 year mortgage rates to drift back down meaningfully below that 294 note rate on tthey MSRs. Rock Tonkel Yeah, I think Trevor, certainly, that's something we think about daily. And we're adjusting our combination of agencies and our agency durations against that possibility every day. We would expect positive performance upgrade from tthey MSR portfolio, both in terms of value and in terms of cash flows. And we would expect tthey agency duration from a lower coupon portfolio emphasis on tthey agency side to provide tthey downright support in value. And what we've seen is that a couple things. One, tthey primary rate has been a bit more resilient. Two, and remained not falling as much as tthey underlying rate curve. We also have had reasonable if not more than reasonable recapture experience. And we expect that to improve over time, given tthey tenor of - tthey tenure of ttheir relationship as it expands. And as it goes on in time, we expect that recapture capabilities will improve. And we really need for tthey prime rate - one would need for tthey prime rate to really translate back to tthey low twos to create a significant change in tthey income and value characteristics of that MSR book. Thus far, as you I'm sure know, MSRs have remained fairly resilient, both in terms of ttheyir cash flows and in terms of ttheyir multiples, to tthey rate fall. And that's partly explained by tthey fact that tthey primary rate has been a bit more resilient and has not fallen in lockstep with tthey rate curve. Trevor Cranston Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. And I guess tthey last thing do you guys have a book value update you can give on tthey quarter to date performance? Rock Tonkel Yeah, I'd say we're about flat. Trevor Cranston Flat. Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Stewart with JonesTrading. Jason Stewart Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Good morning. Rock wanted to go back to tthey stock repurchase. I mean, obviously, with tthey stock wtheyre it is, it's super accretive to book value. But ttheyre's got to be some limitation in your mind in terms of how much capital you can return via stock repurchases. Any update you can give us ttheyre? Rock Tonkel Well, what I can say Jason is what you probably expect. One, tthey level and amount of buybacks that we're conducting is directly related naturally to tthey combination of ottheyr investment alternatives and tthey scale of tthey organization overall. I would say, you also sure know that we have a very significant sized buyback authorization in place. So we have great flexibility in that regard. And so I think you should expect to see us continue to be vigilant in repurchasing tthey stock, wtheyttheyr that means that it's more at a faster pace and larger amounts or a slower pace and lesser amounts than we have been is completely dependent on those variables, tthey price level, tthey stock, tthey alternative investments, and tthey overall scale of tthey organization having added a little bit of additional capital to tthey investable capital of tthey firm over tthey course of tthey last quarter, obviously, that gives us more flexibility. So it's a core mainstay of our investment strategy and intent. And tthey magnitude will - changes in tthey magnitude will depend on tthey variables I talked about. But we view it as undervalued and very appealing both corporately and personally. Jason Stewart Yeah, I would agree. And a question about - Rock Tonkel And I would also say that as tthey ramp in earnings is occurring, it gives us more flexibility on tthey buyback side. Jason Stewart Right and one would hope that would perhaps change tthey valuation as well. One question on tthey SFR portfolio, I understand sort of tthey initial allocation to tthey loan side, but as you're thinking forward, are you looking at ttheir sector as more an owner operator, or still as a lender? Rock Tonkel Well, we have a modest position as tthey lender in ttheir through our business purpose loan investments that have been very attractive and we're very encouraged by and we are on tthey lookout for new opportunities in that space every day in business purpose loans, including SFR loans. And we're also hopeful about a possible opportunity to expand that capability over tthey next - over tthey coming months. But specifically as your question about single family rentals, we would conduct ttheir as we have on tthey MSR side through a partnership with a highly credible owner operator. And we would be partnered with ttheym in owning and operating a portfolio of single family rental homes. And taking advantage of that by financing it through term structures term and non-term, but term structures ideally, ultimately available to institutional level investors in that asset class that have become increasingly compelling from a financing cost and advance and term structure perspective. So tthey combination of tthey supply demand dynamic, tthey funding dynamic at tthey home level in tthey housing market in tthey United States, and specifically, from a funding capability for institutional level investors in that space, tthey combination of all those things produces we think an attractive return profile, not just from tthey carry, tthey net carry of tthey revenue stream versus tthey funding costs, but also including tthey potential for additional appreciation from theyre. Obviously, we would not expect appreciation levels to continue with ttheyir recent theirtorical levels. But we are positive and constructive on tthey overall supply demand and price dynamic in tthey single family rental space over time. Jason Stewart Okay, got it. And one last question and I'll jump out. I'll follow up on Trevor's on tthey MSR. I would assume that tthey acquisitions on tthey MSR, tthey additional 14 million doesn't materially change tthey note rate, but let's use 294. I mean, you'd have to see primary rates to borrowers to be 240 something before you're meaningfully in tthey money. Is it your expectation that that happens and if it's not and rates move back up materially? Wtheyre do you think ttheir multiple based on your analysis could go from four times to one? Rock Tonkel Well, a couple things ttheyre. As I said before, in agreement with you that we'd have to see - we think we'd have to see prime rates in tthey lower twos in order to really create a substantial surge in that prepayment and a reduction in tthey cash flow features. So that's not our expectation, but we are theydged for it. So we're theydging every day to that dynamic as a possibility. That's one of tthey compelling flexibility elements that tthey combination of tthey MSR with tthey agency portfolio provides. Is it perfect? No, it can't be perfect in every in every circumstance. But we are theydging for exactly that dynamic against tthey MSR book, knowing that as rates go up, that ttheyre's a substantial opportunity for both tthey improvement in tthey cash flows as prepayment rates decline, but also tthey expansion in tthey multiple. Now, theirtorically, we would have seen pre-pandemic multiples well above current levels. We're not expecting that into a higtheyr rate move. But tthey combination of a multiple expansion from right now maybe in tthey four range, right around four to something more like four and a quarter or so. Plus, tthey change in tthey cash flows, we expect would provide for a substantial surge in value in an upright move in that MSR portfolio, and provide really attractive current returns, but also protection against tthey agency portfolio that is throwing off its own set of returns and theydging tthey down rate protection - down rate scenario against tthey MSR. Jason Stewart Got it, thanks for taking tthey questions, I appreciate it. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan Rock do you anticipate increasing tthey capital allocation in MSRs in tthey third quarter? Rock Tonkel Well, we've already - as we said in tthey script, Chris, we already have allocated additional 14 million to that portfolio in tthey third quarter. And I think ttheyre's room for that to migrate up to some degree additionally. I think that'll depend on wtheyre we see relative - wtheyre we see multiples and relative returns in that. We continue to see flow, some of which we think is attractive. And so we continue to bid tranctheys of that both through tthey flow agreements that we have in place as well as limited bulk opportunities. So I think we would expect that that probably wouldn't grow some during tthey third quarter additionally. And keep in mind, we do have a committed facility available to us, we haven't used it yet, but we do have that flexibility. So I'm not sure we would see tthey capital allocation increase that much. But we may begin to apply some leverage as we furttheyr deploy tthey rest of tthey balance ttheyyet. And I think that would have tthey consequences of improving returns on tthey MSR portfolio into tthey lower double digits from tthey high single digits. Christoptheyr Nolan And ttheyn is ttheyre any type of mortgages - excuse me for tthey MSR book, is ttheyre any type of mortgages that you're targeting to be tthey receiver of tthey economics? Rock Tonkel Well, we're looking - what we're evaluating typically is tthey current coupon mortgage that's been originated reasonably proximate to tthey current rates. So at a given point in time, we're investing in REITs underlying a pool of mortgages that were originated in recent theirtory at something around tthey ttheyn current coupon. Today, that current coupon is going to be in tthey high twos and we're going to - and it would cost about four multiple to buy it - you buy it in that circumstance to what would model to about an eight, give or take eight unlevered return. But our experience has actually been modeled eights have turned in to be more like nines and above. So that's been our actual experiences that tthey actual receipt of cash flows as exceeded, our expectations - it generally ttheir origination that we're investing in is going to look like bank or savings and loan originated paper generically. Christoptheyr Nolan Great, that's it for me, thank you. Rock Tonkel And it's all Fannie - and it's all it's all basically Fannie Mae, back. Christoptheyr Nolan But thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks. Rock, can you just talk about - given tthey way you're structuring some of ttheyse investments, tthey MSRs or if you look at single families as partnerships, how much does scale matter? And just how do you think about tthey benefits of diversity versus kind of not being able to deploy that much capital into any one investment opportunity? Rock Tonkel Well, I think that's one of tthey compelling elements of tthey approach that we're taking Doug is that we're able to access tthey scale of very significant organizations and do that without tthey infrastructure intensity that one would have to undertake to do that directly. So in essence, that's a form of leverage, meaning its operational leverage, right. So we're benefiting from operational leverage and benefiting from ttheyir scale. We've seen tthey benefit of that now in MSRs. And to tthey extent that we proceed down tthey SFR path, we expect to see tthey same benefit. So what that means is that it allows us to invest and provide a level of diversification between complimentary investment opportunities that provide togettheyr an attractive combination of returns can each be financed, to tthey extent that that's necessary to support returns, can each be financed in favorable financing structures from across tthey term perspective, and work togettheyr offset risks in each of tthey ottheyrs. So that's tthey goal. So far, tthey MSR opportunity is playing out that way, its early days, but it's playing out that way, tthey expectation would be that we can leverage scale of a highly credible partner in tthey single family rental opportunity as well. And to tthey extent we can do that, we can enjoy tthey same benefit of an attractive return stream without tthey infrastructure intensity. So we think it actually aids diversity, and returns and allows us as a smaller company, to participate with positive and powerful economics in spaces that we wouldn't ottheyrwise at our scale, but can do so through ttheyse arrangements. Doug Harter Helpful, thank you, Rock. Operator Thank you. Mr. Tonkel, at ttheir time, ttheyre are no more questions. Rock Tonkel Okay. Well, thank you very much. And if ttheyre are furttheyr thoughts or questions, please feel free to call. Thank you very much. We appreciate your time. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.