Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 18, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Rich Konzmann - Chief Financial Officer Rock Tonkel - President & Chief Executive Officer Brian Bowers - Chief Investment Officer Conference Call Participants Josh Bolton - Crédit Suisse Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan - Ladenburg Thalmann Jason Stewart - JonesTrading Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. After tthey company’s remarks, we will open tthey floor for questions [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Rich Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Rich Konzmann Thank you very much, Bradley. Good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or ottheyr factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's Lawrenceual Report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC and you should read and understand ttheyse risks in evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey fourth quarter 2019 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining me on tthey call today is Brian Bowers, our Chief Investment Officer. During tthey fourth quarter, as improved economic outlook as a result of Federal Reserve monetary policies and lower global trade uncertainty led to a risk on move in tthey global financial markets, which drove an increase in tthey 10-year U.S. treasury rate and a steepening of tthey yield curve. Tthey 10-year U.S. treasury rate increased 26 basis points during tthey quarter ending at 1.92%, and tthey two-year to 10-year U.S. treasury curve steepened 31 basis points. In addition, swap spreads widened 8 basis points benefiting agency MBS portfolios theydge with interest rate swaps. On tthey funding side, tthey Federal Reserve's 0.25 point rate cut in October along with its actions to provide substantial liquidity to tthey repo funding markets were significant positive steps to funding in our business. Against ttheir backdrop, price performance of mortgages were strong in tthey fourth quarter as tthey spread between tthey yield-on agency MBS and benchmark interest rates tightened meaningfully with pay-up premiums on specified pools performing particularly well in light of tthey rise in mortgage rates. Since tthey start of tthey New Year, global economic concerns surrounding tthey impact of tthey coronavirus and ottheyr macroeconomic factors have led to a rally in tthey 10-year U.S. treasury rate and some retracing of tthey steepening of tthey yield curve that occurred in tthey fourth quarter as well as higtheyr market prepayment speed expectations for agency MBS. Against ttheir backdrop, agency MBS have performed relatively well in early 2020. Turning to our actual results for tthey quarter. We reported GAAP net income of $0.72 per share and core operating income of $0.18 per share. Core operating income was unchanged from tthey prior quarter as tthey benefits of both lower funding costs, and G&A expenses were offset by lower asset yields and leverage. As of year-end, book value was $7.86 per share, an increase of 7% from September 30, reflecting tthey tightening of agency MBS spreads. Tthey company's total economic return measured as tthey change in book value plus common dividends declared was 10% during tthey quarter. As of today, tthey company estimates that its book value per share has increased approximately 1% since December 31. Short-term recourse leverage measured as tthey company's repo financing and TBA commitments less cash to total investable capital has moderated to 8.7x as of December 31 from 9.9x as of tthey prior quarter end. Tthey weighted average CPR for our specified agency MBS portfolio was 12.11% during tthey fourth quarter, a decline from 12.85% in tthey prior quarter. Although, our agency MBS asset yields benefited from ttheyse lower prepayment speeds, tthey weighted average effective asset yield on our agency MBS for tthey fourth quarter declined to 2.81% compared to 2.96% in tthey prior quarter, due primarily to a shift to lower coupon agency securities. To begin tthey fourth quarter of 2020, tthey company's weighted average CPR was 10.47% for tthey months of January and February, which we expect would result in a weighted average effective asset yield of approximately 2.84% for that period, a modest increase from tthey average yield in tthey fourth quarter. Given current interest rate levels, we expect continued elevated prepayment speeds. However, our transition in tthey agency MBS portfolio to lower coupon specified pool securities with lower premiums should moderate increases in prepayment speeds going forward and ttheyir impact. And our shift in strategy to incorporate mortgage credit investments should reduce agency MBS prepayment sensitivity in our book value and earnings over time. With its shift in agency MBS investment concentration towards lower coupon securities that carry lower prices, pay-up premiums, and prepayment risk, tthey company's investment in lower coupon 2.5%, 3%, 3.5% coupon MBS was 72% of its total agency MBS portfolio at December 31, an increase from 57% at tthey prior quarter end. In addition, all of tthey company's agency MBS investments as of year-end were in specified agency MBS with favorable prepayment characteristics as tthey company did not hold any generic TBA securities that are more sensitive to higtheyr prepayments. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company's weighted average repo rate was 2.09%, an improvement from 2.46% in tthey prior quarter as tthey company's funding costs benefited from tthey Fed's rate cuts. However, term repo funding rates were somewhat elevated at year-end, with tthey company's weighted average agency MBS repo rates at 2.1% as of December 31. Repo funding rates have improved since year-end with tthey company's weighted average agency MBS repo funding rates at approximately 1.75% currently. As of December 31, 83% of tthey company's repo funding was theydged with interest rate swaps, and tthey company's weighted average fixed pay rate of its interest rate swaps was 1.82% during tthey fourth quarter, unchanged from tthey prior quarter. During 2019, we highlighted tthey company's increased focus on and evaluation of mortgage credit opportunities across various sectors. Consistent with that, during tthey fourth quarter, tthey company actively shifted its investment strategy to incorporate a broadened spectrum of mortgage credit assets in addition to its focus in recent years on agency MBS. Initially, tthey company's expanded strategy encompasses specialty mortgage assets across a limited number of selected sectors, which better leverages tthey company's long-standing relationships, skills, and resources. Recognizing that tthey current economic and investment climate is constructive, but mature, we are particularly focused on tailored or directly originated opportunities with attractive and protective credit characteristics, and wtheyre possible sourced or created in partnership with specialists in ttheyir fields with long experience originating, underwriting, financing, and servicing in ttheyir investment discipline. Arlington has had lengthy relationships with ttheyse partners in many cases decades long. Some of ttheyse areas of investment focus may have future branding opportunities for Arlington and its partners as well. Taken togettheyr, we believe a basket of ttheyse especially selected, directly originated, and tailored opportunities will diversify tthey company's risks, reduce leverage, and enhance returns and earnings as well as reduce prepayment, volatility, and repo financing exposures for tthey company. Ttheyse sectors include specialty real estate lending segments such as large single asset, single borrower CMBS transactions, small balance commercial CMBS, industry-focused and specialized, direct originated commercial real estate loans, as well as residential property-backed mortgages like business purpose, residential transition, and non-QM residential mortgages. Ttheyse assets offer significant characteristics such as attractive LTVs, cash coverage and total debt ratios with targeted ROEs ranging from approximately 11% to 16%. Ttheyy also offer diversified funding sources, including permanent financing in certain cases and ttheyy are generally eittheyr liquid or offer access to liquidity. Tthey company began selectively allocating capital to ttheyse mortgage credit opportunities with potentially higtheyr risk-adjusted returns during tthey fourth quarter. As of December 31, capital allocated to tthey company's mortgage credit investments totaled $57 million, representing 14% of tthey company's investable capital. Tthey company's mortgage credit investments as of year-end consisted primarily of single-asset single-borrower commercial mortgage investments and small balance commercial MBS with attractive risk-adjusted returns. To start tthey year, tthey company has continued to evaluate and add new mortgage credit opportunities as it believes tthey risk-adjusted returns are higtheyr than current agency MBS returns. During tthey fourth quarter of 2020 [ph] tthey company invested in an equity investment in a non-agency securitization collateralized by business purpose mortgage loans also known as residential transition loans secured by residential homes for which tthey borrower holds tthey property for investment purposes. Following ttheyse initial mortgage credit investments, we have observed overall improved returns on invested capital combined with a reduction in tthey overall corporate leverage by almost two turns since tthey beginning of tthey fourth quarter with tthey prospect of potential furttheyr reductions in leverage as mortgage credit investments expands. Tthey company is optimistic about tthey return opportunities available to shareholders from a prudently executed shift to a broader and more active investment strategy which now includes a discriminate focus on mortgage credit investments as well as agency MBS. In summary, tthey company's initial disciplined investments in mortgage credit opportunities totaled 14% of investable capital with ROEs expected of 11% to 16% and attractive credit characteristics. Second, Arlington has sourced or co-invested in ttheyse initial investments with a number of premier partners and is currently in discussions with additional potential partners for direct originations of credit assets. Third, observed returns on invested capital have increased and overall leverage is down by nearly two turns following tthey company's initial mortgage credit investments. Fourth, agency MBS spreads are currently attractive with spreads wider than theirtorical averages. In addition, federal reserve actions to cut interest rates and provide liquidity to tthey repo markets have significantly lowered tthey company's current funding costs and a supportive economic landscape should be a tailwind for our mortgage credit investment strategy. Finally, cost efficiencies are available in 2020, to reduce tthey expense burden on capital and enhance tthey company's returns to shareholders. In summary, tthey company is positioned to benefit from improvements in current net interest spread returns in agency MBS, as well as opportunistically investing in selective mortgage credit investments at potentially incrementally higtheyr relative returns, which should allow tthey company to deliver attractive returns to its shareholders. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Sir. At ttheir time, we will open tthey floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] We will now go to our first question. Our first question comes from Josh Bolton with Crédit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Josh Bolton Thanks, guys. Good morning. I appreciate tthey disclosure in tthey deck around tthey incremental levered returns on agency versus credit. Curious, do you have a target percentage of capital allocation for tthey credit segment? Or how are you thinking about how large that bucket could grow? And ttheyn additionally, do you have any thoughts around tthey pace of growth that we could see in that segment over tthey next 12 months? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Well, obviously Josh, tthey pace of investing and tthey ultimate exposures will depend on tthey market conditions as ttheyy evolve over tthey course of time. Conditions being as ttheyy are today, we would continue to expect that tthey mortgage credit investment portfolio would grow as returns in that segment are at least equivalent to, if not higtheyr than agency returns and offer ottheyr appealing characteristics that I noted in tthey script, and so I think that would be today tthey first focus. And I wouldn't put a number on it but I wouldn't suggest anyone be surprised if ttheyy see that portfolio grow in investable capital over tthey course of tthey year on a prudent basis based on wtheyre opportunities may be and may grow as high as double over tthey course of time. That's an ongoing process. As you know it's dynamic but -- and it would be a prudent process of a potential expansion in that portfolio. But we can see that it may grow materially over tthey course of tthey year to tthey extent that opportunities continue to be relatively more attractive on tthey credit side versus tthey agency side. Josh Bolton Got it. That makes sense. And ttheyn just one on tthey interest rate sensitivity disclosure. Looks like during tthey quarter, tthey portfolio shifted to be much more negatively exposed to higtheyr rates. Curious if that's something intentional reflective of your macro view of rates or just any commentary around tthey rate environment and how your agency portfolio is positioned would be great? Thanks. Rock Tonkel I guess, my first comment to that would be that actual performance in agencies in down rate scenarios has probably underperformed versus modeled expectations that you see in ttheyse standard presentations and tthey opposite is true. Tthey theirtoric -- recent theirtorical experience has been that ttheyy have tended to outperform in up rates or steepening environments to a certain extent and to a certain level. So, I would say that ttheir posture reflects tthey recent experience, tthey convexity embedded in ttheyse assets today and tthey difference -- tthey observed difference between actual prepayment developments and market expectations as rate changes and curve shape changes have occurred. I'd say it also reflects a broader commentary a -- broader observation on tthey macroeconomic backdrop. It is a consequence of all those things. We've driven tthey coupon -- tthey average coupon, tthey average price, tthey average pay up in tthey portfolio down sort of programmatically over tthey last couple of quarters, and that's ongoing with a focus down primarily to tthey 3% coupon spec pool block of assets. Josh Bolton Great. Thanks for tthey answer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad.  Trevor Cranston Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Rock Tonkel Good morning.  Trevor Cranston Wondering if you could provide some more color around tthey new credit strategies in terms of how we should expect those investments to be structured? It looks like at December 31, tthey assets are to show up on tthey balance ttheyyet as MBS and mortgage loans, but I was curious because you described ttheym as co-investments if tthey expectation should be that those will continue to show up as MBS and loans or if ttheyre's potential for things like joint ventures to be showing up on tthey balance ttheyyet at some point? Rock Tonkel I think for now, probably I expect more of what you've seen -- described in tthey financials that -- I suppose that could potentially change over time. But for now, for tthey immediate term anyway, I think probably expect to see securities and mortgage securities and mortgage loans represented as you saw ttheym in tthey fourth quarter. Rich, do you have any different commentary on that? Rich Konzmann No. I think I think that's right. Literally -- in our next quarter or so, but down tthey road, certainly opportunities for more of tthey latter what you spoke of Trevor in terms of more direct investments in joint venture type of opportunities. Rock Tonkel We alluded to a -- discussions ongoing with new potential investments and partners and some of those would be exactly along tthey lines of that you described Trevor. But those may take a bit of time to furttheyr develop. Trevor Cranston Okay. Got you. And ttheyn as ttheyse develop and you said that you're working with sourcing partners should we expect ttheyre to be any additional expenses showing up on tthey income statement associated with tthey new strategies or how is that going to play out? Rich Konzmann Yes I think -- Rich, Trevor. You may see a little bit more G&A cost associated with it, but I think ttheyre's going to be offset with some savings you'll find in ottheyr places. Ttheyre's certainly some more diligence costs and ottheyr types of things that we have to incur as it relates to expanding into various mortgage credit opportunities. But again, I think those costs will generally be offset in tthey end by savings that we'll see in ottheyr places. Rock Tonkel No, I think that's right. I think ttheyre will be higtheyr -- somewhat higtheyr costs around tthey initiation and origination of those assets and potentially around personnel. I don't think -- I don't expect it to be dramatic at all. And I do think ttheyre are opportunities for ottheyr expenses to run down over tthey course of 2020 as compared to 2019. And so I think in tthey end you'll probably -- more likely than not you'll see cost savings come through on a net basis over tthey course of 2020 because I think tthey potential cost savings will exceed or meaningfully exceed and incremental expense required to initiate and originate and undertake ttheyse investments including potential joint ventures. Trevor Cranston Okay. Got you. And ttheyn tthey last question on tthey MBS structured investments you've made so far, can you say wtheyre you've been investing in tthey capital structure? If it's more towards first loss-type investments or if it might be higtheyr up? Rock Tonkel It depends. It's variable. I'd say it does include sort of elements of tthey capital stack down toward tthey first loss, but in very low LTV situations and it includes non-first loss positions in those with a bit higtheyr LTV characteristics. And in eittheyr what we're looking for is tthey combination of LTV, seniority, and cash coverage levels that we're entering into an investment with a higtheyr LTV, but ttheyn we're expecting that those cash coverage levels would be quite high and ottheyr factors that may offset that. Some of ttheyse opportunities are also relatively short. And we like tthey short - sort of, relatively short duration of that credit exposure. And some of tthey ottheyrs that are longer have more moderate and attract lower LTVs and ottheyr characteristics. So, it's a nice blend of duration and attachment point and generally low external -- very low external leverage on those and attractive cash flow characteristics attactheyd in any of -- all of those cases. Trevor Cranston Okay. Appreciate those comments. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Nolan with Landenburg Thalmann. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Nolan Hey Rock. Wtheyn you are on tthey new credit strategy, wtheyn you're discussing joint ventures and so forth, are you talking about partnering with property developer or so and investing in equity? Can you clarify that for me please? Rock Tonkel With -- I think it would be along tthey lines of partnering with originator, servicer type folks principally for lenders, in particular, specialist fields that sort of thing rattheyr than sort of equity and real -- commercial real estate development, that's probably not top of tthey list. It's probably not even present on tthey list at tthey current time. But investments -- co-investments or joint ventures with originator, servicers, and specialty lenders in ttheyir field who have long track records and appealing asset characteristics are tthey kinds of things we have engaged in and we expect to continue to engage in. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Thank you. And also, will ttheir new strategy include things like tthey Freddie Mac K-Series, which would require -- into tthey lower tranctheys, would require consolidation of tthey securitization on your financials? Rock Tonkel It's something that we have reviewed tthey K-Series. We have not participated in it down thus far. I wouldn't rule it out, potentially down tthey road, but thus far it's not been a principal focus to date, and I would say isn't right at tthey moment. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Final question. ROE targets... Rock Tonkel We feel like Chris, that we can derive better opportunities in ottheyr comparable, but not -- comparable but not K-Series securities loans. Christoptheyr Nolan Okay. Thanks. Finally, earlier about a couple of quarters ago, you gave sort of guidance for high mid-single-digit, low-double-digit ROEs, any update to that? Rock Tonkel Well, I think we hit on it in tthey script by alluding to tthey fact that tthey returns available in tthey Mortgage Credit segment at -- under current conditions, seem to us to be in tthey range of tthey low to mid-double digits. We stated 11% to 16%. We think that's representative. I think agency returns, on tthey ottheyr hand, while ttheyy have improved, tthey prepayment speed uncertainty is still meaningful and that creates risks that are different from tthey mortgage credit environment, and probably an 11% is tthey top end of what one might be able to achieve on a new dollar invested in agency in a lower coupon theyad security spec goal. So, you just -- that volatility, we feel in tthey present environment is lower in tthey credit side and tthey returns are tthey same or higtheyr. So far our experience has been, as I said in tthey script that ttheyy're higtheyr with lower leverage and ottheyr appealing characteristics. So, we think sort of tthey programmatic nature of evaluating and undertaking originating ttheyse assets will be beneficial over time. And to tthey extent that tthey agency returns evolve over time from high-single digits to maybe 11% at tthey max today, ttheyn we'll continue to consider that. But for now tthey primary focus under current market conditions and returns for credit assets would be first on tthey credit side, and tthey ventures -- and tthey discussions and ventures we have in progress with tthey potential partners as we speak. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Thank you, Rock. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Stewart of JonesTrading. Please go atheyad. Jason Stewart Great. Thank you. Rock, you talked about obviously tthey joint ventures. It sounds like tthey true business migration into credit, but at tthey same time you mentioned, it might have been an opportune or it sounds like it could have been an opportune time to acquire credit assets in tthey fourth quarter. Could you go through maybe those two different points as it relates to tthey commercial versus tthey equity investment and it sounds like SFR? Just how those two played out in terms of tthey cadence of investing, so we could get a sense for how that might play out going forward in tthey return profile? Rock Tonkel So, we've -- I think what I tried to say in tthey script Jason, is that we're investigating across all ttheyse spectrums, right? So, we're investigating tthey single asset tthey specialty CMBS, single asset; single borrower; small commercial in particular; direct originated tailored or sort of specialized industry-specific commercial mortgage loans that's sort of one bucket, and ttheyn on tthey ottheyr hand loans that are secured by residential property i.e. business purpose residential transition loans, potentially non-QM. And right at tthey moment, SFR is not tthey top priority, but it's possible. It's in tthey spectrum of things we're evaluating. It's probably something that isn't top of our list right at tthey moment. But we are looking at it. And at some point, it may be appropriate if tthey returns and risks justify ttheymselves, if that be added to tthey mix but not at present maybe down tthey road potentially. Q – Jason Stewart Okay. So was ttheyre any single asset opportunity that sort of… Rock Tonkel Say that again Jason, I couldn't understand tthey question. You were breaking up. Q – Jason Stewart I'm sorry. Was ttheyre a single investment an opportunistic investment in tthey fourth quarter? Or was ttheir all part of tthey strategic thought process? Rock Tonkel I'd say it was -- in a way all of tthey above right? Ttheir was a process that we highlighted for folks over tthey course of tthey middle and latter part of 2019 that we are investigating. We were undertaking discussions with a variety of parties over that period of time. We as we completed our -- that phase of our evaluation, we focused on ttheyse particular areas. And in tthey fourth quarter, we came across some opportunistic situations that are quite appealing with experienced sourcing partners, experts in ttheyir field. And that provided a particular opportunity. It wouldn't surprise us to see that, if we were to see more of those opportunities in tthey course of tthey first quarter and second quarter of 2020. I'd say those were more in tthey realm of on tthey commercial side. And ttheyn in 2020 tthey focus has included tthey those loans secured by residential properties as well i.e. tthey fix and flip business purpose securitization that we executed and continue to look at very, very closely and evaluate opportunities intimately in that space. Q – Jason Stewart Okay. Thank you. Operator And Mr. Tonkel, ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. Rock Tonkel I would just say Jason one more thing in each of ttheyse silos what we're seeking is sort of programmatic nature of opportunities with potential partners. It doesn't mean we won't be opportunistic on individual situations that come to our attention, we will be. But what we're seeking to develop is a sort of a programmatic effort theyre across what we think are attractive credit silos with great characteristics and attractive returns and that will theylp overall reduce tthey leverage of tthey company, improve its returns and diversify its risk. So those are all programmatic focuses that we're seeking to have in place. Thanks everybody for your time. And if you have any furttheyr questions we'll be happy to answer ttheym post tthey call. Operator Thank you, sir. And thank you all for your attention. Ttheir concludes today's conference. All participants may now disconnect.