Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann – Chief Financial Officer Rock Tonkel – President and Chief Executive Officer John Murray – Portfolio Manager Conference Call Participants John Kilichowski – Credit Suisse Trevor Cranston – JMP Securities Christoptheyr Nolan – Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much, and good morning. Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future, financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning. And welcome to tthey first quarter 2022 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining us on tthey call today is John Murray, our Portfolio Manager. Over tthey last 24 months, we have thoroughly repositioned Arlington. Set a course to transition tthey company from a primarily levered agency MBS-oriented strategy to one focused on establishing multiple, high return, non-commodity investment channels in mortgage servicing rights, single-family rental properties and select credit investments that would both diversify investment risk and improve tthey reliability of returns over time, to reduce leverage and diversify funding sources, including using structural leverage. We maintained expense discipline by lowering G&A costs. We returned over $28 million of capital to shareholders, $0.68 of accretion from which represents an equivalent dividend yield of approximately 10% over that period. Today, tthey company is a flexible investment platform investing across primarily residential asset classes built to produce high returns with low volatility. In short, we have repositioned Arlington with a differentiated strategy, well suited for various market conditions and positioned to generate strong returns for shareholders over time. Overall, we are pleased with tthey progress and tthey results we have made towards tthey company's objectives, including tthey top 10 economic return among peers with low book value volatility during turbulent markets since September 30 of last year. Double digit returns from its MSR and credit portfolio since tthey beginning of 2021, including a 53% annualized return from tthey MSR portfolio and high teens returns from our credit portfolio. Significant progress towards building our SFR portfolio, including tthey opportunity to capture a substantial gain and associated 7% book value pickup during tthey second quarter. Expense is down double-digits over a two-year period. In tthey current market environment, our primary goal continues to be to protect shareholder capital from tthey impact of inflation, rising rates and Federal Reserve monetary tightening policies, while maintaining low leverage. In anticipation of tthey effects of Federal Reserve tightening policies on mortgage basis risks, we continued down tthey path of lowering our investment exposure to agency MBS. At tthey same time, tthey company continued to expand its investment allocation towards MSRs, single-family rentals and opportunistic credit investments that collectively should perform well in a rising rate and inflationary environment, while being defensive versus expected Federal Reserve tightening. Company has grown its MSR portfolio to 50% of its capital as of year-end. As interest rates rise and prepayment speeds decline, MSRs should generally outperform. With tthey substantial rise in interest rates tthey company's low coupon MSR portfolio produced exceptional returns during tthey first quarter in both current returns and through furttheyr multiple expansion. Since we acquired our first MSR investment five quarters ago, tthey portfolio has produced strong current cash yields along with asset appreciation through multiple expansion that has resulted in an annualized total return of 53%, all while employing very modest leverage. As of March 31, tthey company's MSR investments had $180 million of underlying mortgage servicing rights valued at a multiple of 5.21 with leverage of 0.3 times. Newly created mortgage servicing rights of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans currently offer unlevered yield opportunities in tthey high single digits, with tthey potential for furttheyr multiple expansion if rates continue to rise. We continue to make significant progress in our strategy of acquiring, operating and leasing single-family residential homes. Company's goal is to invest up to $55 million of capital to acquire $200 million of homes. And we have made great strides towards that objective. As of March 31, tthey company had acquired or committed to acquire 454 homes for $137 million. And as of today we have acquired or committed to acquire a total of 566 homes for $177 million. To finance tthey acquisition of our SFR properties, tthey company has $150 million five-year secured term debt facility with an 18-month draw period at an effective fixed cost of funds of 2.76% with limited recourse to Arlington. Company expects its investment in SFR properties to generate average current unlevered yields of 4.5% to 5% and unlevered net yields of 8% to 11% – 8% to 12%, pardon me, once tthey opportunity to realize any home price appreciation. To date, we are pleased with tthey progress we've made in building our SFR portfolio, currently carries an expected average unlevered yield of 4.9%. Tthey timing of tthey earnings benefit to tthey company from investing in SFR rental properties will be dictated by tthey pace of home purchases, tthey level of any property level refurbishments, tthey length of tthey lease marketing period and tthey timing of any future sale. We expect tthey time period between tthey date of settlement of tthey home purchase to tthey date tthey house is occupied by a tenant to average between 30 and 60 days. Accordingly as we continue to ramp-up our investments, our SFR portfolios [indiscernible] not yet contributed to current earning. Portfolio was fully scaled; tthey company expects to generate double-digit returns on capital that is not currently reflected in tthey company's earnings. Tthey company also announced yesterday that it signed a purchase and sale agreement on May 10th to sell 378 of its SFR properties for tthey sale price of $132.75 million. Ttheir opportunistic sale captures a strong bulk premium for a portfolio of leased homes we constructed from individual purchases with strong rental yields in attractive markets. Tthey sale is expected to close around tthey end of tthey second quarter in subject to normal closing conditions, including tthey right of tthey buyer to terminate tthey sale transaction [Indiscernible] reason during tthey diligence period. Company is very pleased with ttheir potentially significant return on our investment in such a short period of time. We expected tthey result in a positive impact of tthey company's book value of approximately $0.45 per share upon closing. Following tthey sales, pending market conditions, tthey company expects to continue to reinvest capital in SFR properties to reach its goal of $200 million of homes, and to take full advantage of its well below market fixed rate five-year funding facility. Company also continued to identify and evaluate opportunities in credit investments that offer high-risk adjusted returns. During tthey first quarter, tthey company made a new $20 million investment in a first loss piece and excess interest only strip. And in securitization of recently originated performing non-qualified residential mortgages that is expected to generate mid-teen returns. With risk-free rates of about 200 basis points and risk spreads about 100 basis points wider ttheir year we believe ttheyre will be attractive new investment opportunities available in mortgage credit going forward. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $6.19 per share as of March 31, 0.5% increase from tthey prior period end. In addition, during tthey month of April tthey company's book value per shares remained relatively unchanged that does not include tthey potential approximate $0.45 per share gain associated with tthey SFR bulk sale, which represents an increase of 7% over first quarter book value. Company continued to operate with overall low-leverage and significant financial flexibility with its overall at risk leverage ratio standing at 1.3-to-1 as of March 31st. For tthey first quarter, tthey company reported GAAP net loss of $0.12 per share, and core operating income of $0.05 per share, $0.03 per share increase from last quarter. We continue to believe ttheyre is far greater value in Arlington's business than tthey public markets recognize. Until we believe tthey stock price more accurately reflects tthey intrinsic value of Arlington's business, tthey company and its insiders who own 7% of tthey outstanding shares expect to continue to purchase substantial shares of tthey company's common stock. During tthey first quarter, tthey company returned capital to shareholders by repurchasing over 3% of outstanding shares that accreted $0.09 per share to book value an equivalent – and offer an equivalent annualized dividend yield of 10.4% based on tthey average stock price during tthey quarter. Subsequent to quarter end, tthey company has already purchased 2% of its common stock outstanding that accreted an additional $0.06 per share to book value with an equivalent annualized dividend yield of 16%. Since reinstituting its current common stock repurchase program in 2020, tthey company has returned $0.68 per share to shareholders by purchasing over 23% of its outstanding shares. Notably, tthey company has a substantial remaining authorization of over 11 million shares from its board to repurchase shares of common stock. By positioning itself for a rising rate inflationary environment and Federal Reserve tightening cycle, tthey company has been able to produce solid economic returns during a period of quite challenging market conditions. As our investor presentation clearly demonstrates, compared to our peers and FTSE and NAREIT Mortgage Home Financing index, tthey company has outperformed tthey index in total economic return in both recent quarters and tthey last 12 months, including being a Top 10 performer over tthey last six months, while also experiencing among tthey lowest volatility of quarterly economic returns over tthey last year. Looking forward, we believe that as monetary policy tightening runs its full course, tthey impact on market conditions may present investors with theirtorically high investment return opportunities. We believe our diversified portfolio structure and low leverage positions us well to capture opportunities as ttheyy become available. We have strong conviction about Arlington's differentiated strategy, and we believe that tthey company's diversified investment platform can generate strong returns that will deliver ongoing substantial returns of capital to shareholders and growth in book value that tthey market will recognize and value over time. Operator, I would now like to open tthey call for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Rock Tonkel Good morning. John Kilichowski Hi, ttheir is John Kilichowski on for Doug. I guess first question, I would just kind of like to get a little color around sort of capital allocation so far in tthey quarter and particularly tthey MSR mix, and how that's trending? Rock Tonkel Thanks for tthey question, John. As I think I said last quarter wtheyn tthey MSR capital allocation was approaching 50%, we sort of felt like that was a level that we were comfortable. But we didn't really feel like we would be inclined to move considerably above that number. So I think we feel like we're in tthey right zip code for overall capital allocation to MSRs. And I think it's fair to say would we'd expect it to remain sort of in that neighborhood of 40% to 50%, maybe a little higtheyr based on valuation movements in tthey asset. But I think that's probably about tthey limit that we would expect on allocation to MSRs. John Kilichowski Got it. Thank you. And my next question just looking at tthey SFR portfolio; we're talking about sort of $200 million being that right size for you. At what point, once we reach that mark, should we start to expect to not see ttheyse opportunistic sales or do you kind of see ttheym at a certain phase going forward wtheyre you try to keep yourself around that $200 million mark, just trying to understand how to think about that? Rock Tonkel Well we expect as we said in tthey script, and as you see in tthey presentation we sort of expect returns comfortably in tthey double-digits. Current cash returns on tthey SFR portfolio on a fully levered and stabilized basis in tthey sort of high single digits plus appreciation gets you comfortably to tthey dividend, to tthey double-digits even assuming very modest appreciation if any. So we feel like that, given that return profile in ttheir particular circumstance we had a unique opportunity on a portfolio of assets built one-by-one-by-one to receive a significant bulk premium that essentially had tthey effect of front loading to us several years of those returns. And so we expect to reinvest that capital into tthey SFR portfolio with consistent returns to what we've described and we would expect those returns to be delivered once that portfolio reactheys that $200 million mark plus a little bit of time after that for stabilization of tthey properties. But at that point we would expect to be receiving ongoing returns, currents in tthey high-single-digits and total returns in tthey double-digits from that point forward. John Kilichowski Okay. Thank you very much. Operator We'll take our next question from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Rock Tonkel Good morning. Trevor Cranston Hi, thanks. Good morning. Can you talk about how much remaining upside you could potentially see in tthey lower coupon MSRs in particular given how much mortgage rates have increased? And if you guys have looked at or considered potentially realizing some of tthey gains on low coupon MSRs and eittheyr reallocating into more current coupon or even into different strategies on tthey credit side? Thanks. Rock Tonkel Great question, Trevor. Two things. One, I think I said last quarter in response to a similar question about valuation multiples that we felt like probably somewtheyre in tthey high five six was probably sort of a rough cap on valuations. And I still think we feel like that's true. We're five two, so we feel like ttheyre's some more movement ttheyre, but not a great deal of movement. Not tthey movement that ttheyre has been theirtorically, number one. But we do think ttheyre is still some available. Number two; I would say that as you would expect us to be doing we're constantly evaluating, competing risk return opportunities versus wtheyre our capital is invested. So naturally tthey question, do I ask ttheir one, we ask ourselves every day. And I think it's fair to say with risk free rates up a couple of hundred basis points ttheir year and risk spread out hundred, and our general view that we see tthey possibility of sort of theirtoric opportunities coming down tthey pike as tthey fed completes its mission, tightening mission. Ttheyn I wouldn't be surprised. People shouldn't be surprised if ttheyy see some potential reduction in that allocation of tthey MSR and relocation to assets that may have higtheyr current or higtheyr overall return expectations versus those MSRs today. So I think it's an insightful question. It's one, we try to focus on every single day, and we're actively reviewing alternative allocations to tthey MSRs as we are with all of our ottheyr assets in tthey portfolio, in our capital allocations. We'll continue to do that in pursuit of what we view as high return assets that are less commoditized, and can deliver us attractive returns with low leverage. Trevor Cranston Okay, got it. And ttheyn on tthey proceeds you're going to be receiving on tthey sale of tthey SFR portfolio. Do you have a sense sort of roughly how long it will take you guys to redeploy that capital back into tthey strategy? Rock Tonkel Well, if you look at tthey calendar, right, ttheyre are periods in tthey year wtheyn that process moves a little more quickly and a little less quickly. But I think we feel like we should be able to re-ramp that portfolio by late in tthey year. I think we feel like we should have that. We should have tthey ability to ramp that back to our full scale in tthey next couple of quarters. Trevor Cranston Okay, great. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Christoptheyr Nolan with Ladenburg Thalmann. Christoptheyr Nolan Hey guys. Hey Rock, given tthey sale on tthey SFR, should we expect a bump in profitability in tthey third quarter, given tthey SFR portfolio was unprofitable? Rock Tonkel Well we'll recognize, so a couple of responses to that, Chris. Number one, we will receive from tthey sale our basis back plus tthey gain from tthey premium on tthey sale. We would expect, as I've sort of just described, that we would reinvest our basis into a fully ramp scale on tthey SFR portfolio. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey gain is growth in capital. And that growth in capital and those proceeds, we would expect to be able to deploy to current returns that today are considerably more attractive than ttheyy would have been just four months ago. And so we feel like we should be able to deploy that capital prudently. I would think during ttheir quarter and realize tthey earnings benefit of that going forward. But I'm not sure it would have much of an impact in tthey second quarter, but I think it would be expected to have an impact in tthey forward quarters, tthey reinvestment of that gain in solid double digit returns. Christoptheyr Nolan As a follow-up on tthey buybacks would you take any of ttheir gain and just ramp up tthey buybacks from tthey already strong levels that have already gone? Rock Tonkel We've been pretty clear in tthey script and theirtorically about our view in tthey buyback. On behalf of shareholders today, with tthey ability to buy $1 of book value for $0.50, that's an opportunity that we will continue to pursue on behalf of shareholders. And as I've said in tthey past, our focus every day is tthey allocation of capital between tthey buyback, given tthey stock, tthey price tthey stock trades at, and our return opportunities, which are higtheyr today than ttheyy were wtheyn we have spoken in prior quarters. So I would say we've been clear on what our expectation is, we've been clear on tthey execution of that. I don't think people should be surprised in what we've said in ttheir script and what we have executed ttheir quarter and will expect to execute in future quarters. And very clear, we expect to continue that buyback at a substantial level, given that return opportunity. And on tthey ottheyr hand, we do expect tthey ability to reinvest that gain capital and ottheyr redeployed capital that's being freed up from different parts of tthey portfolio over time to be reinvested in solid double digits, even mid-teens return, which would provide for some earnings growth going forward, in addition to simply to tthey redeployment of tthey SFR portfolio. Christoptheyr Nolan Great. Thank you, Operator Mr. Tonkel. Ttheyre are no more questions at ttheir time. John Murray Okay. Rock Tonkel Well, thank you very much. We are happy to speak to you afterward if that's what you would like to do as well. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.