Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (NYSE:AAIC) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Richard Konzmann - Chief Financial Officer Rock Tonkel - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Harter - Credit Suisse Jason Stewart - JonesTrading Trevor Cranston - JMP Securities Operator Good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Arlington Asset Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Richard Konzmann. Mr. Konzmann, you may begin. Richard Konzmann Thank you very much, and good morning. Ttheir is Rich Konzmann, Chief Financial Officer of Arlington Asset. Before we begin ttheir morning's call, I would like to remind everyone that statements concerning future, financial or business performance, market conditions, business strategies or expectations, and any ottheyr guidance on present or future periods constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of factors, risks, and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ materially from stated expectations or current circumstances. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, which are subject to change, risk and uncertainty as a result of possible events or factors. Ttheyse and ottheyr material risks are described in tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr documents filed by tthey company with SEC from time to time, which are available from tthey company and from tthey SEC, and you should read and understand ttheyse risks wtheyn evaluating any forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Rock Tonkel for their remarks. Rock Tonkel Thank you, Rich. Good morning and welcome to tthey second quarter of 2022 earnings call for Arlington Asset. Also joining us on tthey call today is John Murray, our Portfolio Manager. Over tthey last two years plus, we set a course and have successfully repositioned Arlington into an investment platform built to produce attractive returns with low volatility. Through one of tthey most challenging quarters in tthey financial markets since tthey first quarter of 2020, a quarter in which we saw broad equity markets draw down over 16% and benchmark short-term interest rates rise over 100 basis points. Arlington's diverse non-commodity investment channels of mortgage servicing rights, single family residential rental properties, and mortgage credit investments continued to produce positive results during tthey quarter, its fourth consecutive quarter of positive economic return. Arlington's differentiated investment strategy with low leverage and multiple sources of return is well suited for various market conditions and position to generate strong returns for shareholders over time. Overall, we are pleased with tthey progress and results we have made towards tthey company's objectives, including consistent economic returns, a 10% economic return among peers for tthey second quarter, a 6% positive economic return in tthey last 12 months versus peers of negative 11%, 41% annualized total return from tthey MSR portfolio for tthey second quarter and 51% since inception, building out our SFR portfolio to our $200 million goal, a 10% total return in our credit portfolio during tthey second quarter through quite challenging market conditions and shifting tthey credit quality of tthey company's credit investment portfolio to nearly 60% senior AAA rated securities. In tthey current Fed versus inflation focused market, we have constructed a low levered portfolio with tthey primary goal of protecting shareholder capital. Tthey company continued to maintain a significant investment allocation in MSRs, single family rentals, and opportunistic credit investments that collectively should perform well in current volatile markets. Tthey company's low coupon MSR portfolio once again produced exceptional results during tthey second quarter in both current net interest yields of 15% and through furttheyr multiple expansion resulting in a 41% total annualized return. Since we acquired our first MSR investment a year and a half ago, strong current cash yields along with asset appreciation through multiple expansion have resulted in an annualized total return of 51%, while employing modest leverage. As of quarter-end, tthey company's MSR investments had a $176 million of underlying mortgage servicing rights valued at a multiple of 5.39 with leverage of 0.5x. Importantly, with a weighted average coupon of only 3.09% in tthey underlying mortgage servicing rights, tthey company's MSR investments are well-positioned to mitigate declines in value of interest rates should fall. Tthey significant appreciation and value of tthey company's MSR investments has contributed to it becoming tthey company's largest investment allocation at 41% of capital at quarter-end. And tthey company may look to harvest some of those gains and reallocate tthey capital to ottheyr attractive return opportunities that we see available today. We continue to make significant progress in our strategy of acquiring, operating, and leasing single family residential homes. Tthey company's goal has been to invest up to 55 million of capital to acquire 200 million of homes and we have essentially achieved that objective. As of June 30, tthey company had acquired or committed to acquire 611 homes for $192 million, and as of today, we have acquired or committed to acquire a total of 622 homes for 197 million. Tthey company continues to experience strong lease demand for its properties with a net unlevered yield of 4.8%. Importantly, to finance tthey acquisition of our SFR properties, tthey company has a $150 million five-year secured term debt facility with a draw period through tthey end of March 23 at an attractive fixed rate cost of funds of 2.76% and with limited recourse to Arlington. As we previously announced, tthey company entered into an agreement to sell 376 of its SFR properties for a sale price of $131.9 million. Ttheir opportunistic sale would capture a strong bulk premium for a portfolio of leased homes we constructed from individual purchases with strong rental yields in attractive markets. Tthey sale is sctheyduled to close later ttheir month, subject to standard closing conditions. And if consummated, we would expect tthey sale to have an additional positive impact to tthey company's June 30 book value of approximately $0.50 a share. Importantly, tthey buyer has also funded a $5.3 million earnest money deposit with an escrow agent to secure its obligations under tthey purchase and sale agreement. Assuming tthey sale closes, tthey company intends to continue to reinvest tthey company – tthey capital back into SFR properties to once again reach its goal of 200 million of homes and to take full advantage of its below market five-year fixed rate funding facility. However, we expect to take a disciplined approach in purchasing new properties in tthey near term as tthey residential housing market evolves in current economic environment. Within tthey company's credit investment strategy, widening of credit spreads has created compelling new investment opportunities in high quality assets. Late in tthey second quarter, we made several investments in floating rate AAA rated senior [FASB securities] [ph] in commercial real estate with unlevered spreads of 250 basis points to 300 basis points over SOFR and solid double-digit levered returns with final maturities of five years or less. We are continuing to evaluate similar investment opportunities in highly rated assets and may increase our capital allocation towards ttheyse opportunities in tthey near-term. Tthey agency mortgage market also saw wider spreads during tthey second quarter, increasing potential current carry returns in levered agency MBS. However, based on current conditions, tthey company does not expect to materially increase its investment allocation to agency MBS. As in our assessment, tthey potential risk to capital remains in excess of tthey current theydge carry return. Turning to tthey actual results for tthey quarter, tthey company reported book value of $6.30 per share as of June 30, a 1.8% increase from tthey prior quarter-end. That does not include any markup for tthey potential gain of approximately $0.50 per share associated with tthey SFR bulk sale, which would represent an increase of about 8% over second quarter book value. Tthey company continued to operate with overall low leverage and significant financial flexibility with its overall at-risk leverage ratio standing at 1.6 to 1 at June 30. For tthey second quarter, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $0.01 per share and earnings available for distribution formerly referred to as core operating income of $0.05 per share unchanged from last quarter. We continue to believe ttheyre is far greater value in Arlington's business than tthey public markets recognized. During tthey second quarter, tthey company repurchased over 3% of its outstanding shares of common stock that accreted $0.09 per share to book value. Subsequent to quarter-end, tthey company has repurchased over 1% of its common stock outstanding and accreted an additional $0.04 per share to book value in that period. Since reinstituting its current common stock repurchase program in 2020, tthey company has repurchased 25% of its outstanding shares and tthey company has a substantial remaining authorization of 10.7 million shares from its Board to repurchase shares of its common stock. Company has been able to consistently produce solid economic returns during a period of challenging market conditions. As our investor presentation illustrates, compared to our peers in tthey FTSE NAREIT Mortgage Home Financing Index, tthey company has significantly outperformed our peers in total economic return in both recent quarters and tthey last 12 months, while also experiencing among tthey lowest volatility of quarterly economic returns over tthey last year. Having successfully positioned Arlington to preserve capital and grow book value per share through various market conditions. Tthey company now has tthey opportunity to capitalize on substantially wider investment spreads by deploying incremental capital to new investments with superior risk adjusted returns in tthey low to mid-teens in high grade residential and commercial mortgage securitized products, among ottheyr improved return opportunities that are available. We expect that tthey redeployment of capital into ttheyse higtheyr return investments can drive increased overall earnings potential, which can be used to increase equity capital, support share repurchases, or reinstate a dividend to common shareholders. We have a strong conviction about Arlington's differentiated strategy and as significant owners of Arlington's stock, we believe that tthey company's diversified investment platform can generate attractive returns to shareholders that tthey market will recognize and value over time. Thank you. And I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Doug Harter with Credit Suisse. Doug Harter Thanks. Rock, can you talk about tthey return opportunity you're seeing in SFR today as you redeploy that assuming tthey sale goes through redeploy that capital and how that would compare to tthey cap rates that you acquired those assets at? Rock Tonkel I'd say, Doug, that today what we see is that that market is evolving, shifting. And I think to tthey extent that we expect to be an ongoing buyer to refill tthey $200 million allotment, we would expect to be patient in that and watch how tthey market unfolds theyre a bit. We may see tthey possibility of cap rates moving up a little bit and to tthey extent ttheyy do, ttheyn we will capture tthey benefit of that in new purchases laid up against our 2.76% financing, remaining for four years after that point. So, we wouldn't be surprised to see spreads be consistent, but we also with wtheyre we bought ttheym, but we also would not be surprised to see tthey spreads against our financing be a little wider and tthey return opportunity a little higtheyr on tthey follow. Doug Harter Great. And you talked about some of tthey opportunities in tthey securities, do you view those as kind of long-term holdings or would that be, kind of a placeholder as you deploy tthey 200 million of proceeds? Rock Tonkel No, I think, well, first of all, that will depend on how markets evolve. First of all, tthey spreads we're seeing on tthey security side, tthey new opportunities we're seeing in tthey security side, have evolved based on changes in market conditions over tthey last six months, right? Ttheyse are conditions that I think in ttheyse markets we hadn't really seen for a long time in some cases since tthey start of [QE] [ph]. So, ttheyy're relatively unique and it's not clear how long ttheyy will endure as fresh opportunities. Having said that, we see those – given those returns in tthey low-teens, mid-teens and even in some cases high teens on very senior floating rate securities, we see those as a holding that we'd like to have. And to tthey extent that we can invest incremental capital in additional opportunities like that with those types of returns relative to ttheyir risks, we think those are very attractive and we would plan to do so. So, we think tthey type of securities that we purchased have a spot in our portfolio over tthey longer term. To tthey extent we're able to build that position. We expect to do some of that under tthey limits of our available capital. And to tthey extent that we'll be having fresh liquidity in wtheyn tthey SFR sale closes, we'll invest that more on a short-term basis with tthey notion that that will go back into SFR over time and refill that $200 million bucket as we repurchase homes atheyad of tthey March-end 2023 timeline. Does that make sense? Doug Harter It does. Thank you, Rock. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from [Jason] [ph] Stewart of JonesTrading. Jason Stewart Great. I got a new name. Rock Tonkel Hi, Jason. Jason Stewart How are you? A quick question as a follow-up on SFR portfolio for leased and occupied, do you have a sense for what year-over-year rent growth is ttheyre? Rock Tonkel I think – well, remember, ttheir portfolio is relatively early, Jason, but what I think we're seeing is consistent with what ottheyrs in tthey industry are seeing, sort of high single digits, maybe a little higtheyr than that, but sort of in that high-single-digits range? But it's a relatively small number of homes because it's a relatively newer portfolio, right? It hasn't turned over a lot. But in those circumstances wtheyre it has turned over, which is some reasonable level of sample size. We're seeing consistent rent growth with ottheyr firms Tthey public guys and ottheyr firms that are investing in tthey space are seeing. Jason Stewart Okay, got you. And can you just remind us wtheyn you purchased ttheir, how much of tthey portfolio was in rehab, just roughly? Richard Konzmann I mean, really, really none of it. Tthey rehab we're doing is a very minor, that's going in ttheyre, replacing a carpet or replacing a refrigerator, ttheyse are all relatively newly built and on sale. Tthey rehab period in terms of time and dollar commitment is very minor. Jason Stewart Got it. Okay. And ttheyn on tthey credit side, what would make you want to go down in credit and what kind of opportunity are you seeing ttheyre right now? Rock Tonkel Well, it's a great question. That's a great question. And you can see, we're sort of doing tthey opposite, right? We see ttheir opportunity that developed in tthey last quarter in tthey AAA space as fairly unique over time. And so, we wanted to take an opportunity to capture that while it was available not knowing how long it might continue to be available. And so, we did that to tthey extent we could late in tthey second quarter. And what we've essentially accomplittheyyd is shifting out of down in credit over time, which provided very reasonable returns even through tthey challenging markets theyre over tthey last 6 months to 12 months. It generated acceptable returns and rotating that down in credit capital to tthey up in credit capital with comparable returns. So, if a year or two ago, we were investing in a [BPO] [ph] or a non-QM down in credit piece and that was going to be mid-teens or high-teens, something like that, but we can now do that, we've now done that in ttheyse AAA securities with comparable returns. So, we have been in tthey process of shifting up credit in that portfolio with an eye to be potentially opportunistic for really outsized returns. So, what would draw us back to down in credit would be significant outsized returns, but we would be really cautious about that. We are very focused on tthey up in credit opportunity theyre as we go through ttheir part of tthey cycle and potentially into a recession. We're more focused on tthey up in credit. It would take something more exceptional to bring us down in credit at ttheir stage. Jason Stewart Got it. Last one for me. On tthey agency market, what's your view of capacity today? I mean, given tthey rallying rates and tthey impact on prepays going forward? Rock Tonkel Capacity for us? Jason Stewart No, just industry capacity to originate loans and ttheyn how that impacts prepay speeds? Rock Tonkel Well, I mean, ttheyre's a massive adjustment going on out ttheyre. I mean, we think about it. Look, we're at ttheir stage, our agency exposure is relatively modest, right? And that's because of tthey uncertainties and risks we continue to see in that space, number one, despite tthey fact that spreads widened and it's more attractive now than it was. But relative to ottheyr opportunities that we see, we still tend to be – we still are inclined to be a modest investor on tthey agency side from a capital allocation standpoint. I think overall, we feel like prepayment speeds are probably pretty benign theyre. And we watch ttheym obviously very closely as it relates to our SFR portfolio in particular, which is a significant capital allocation for us. So, we're more insulated in that portfolio with a 309 coupon level than a new issue agency security today for sure, but we feel like we've got a pretty benign view on prepayment speeds from theyre. Jason Stewart Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Appreciate it. Rock Tonkel I think ttheyre's one piece theyre Jason, that I want to follow-up on your question about tthey [securities composition] [ph] of tthey portfolio and Doug's question about tthey securities composition. I think ttheyse types of opportunities added incrementally to tthey earnings power of tthey company, gives us a – gives tthey company a fresh opportunity and to, sort of reiterate what I said at tthey end of tthey script, having come through ttheir challenging period with book value up and capital generally preserved, we see fresh opportunities that we think have tthey opportunity over time to potentially grow tthey earnings power of tthey company in a way that can improve our ability to grow capital, buy stock, repurchase shares or potentially reinstate a dividend at a future point. And I would say, as it relates to that last point, we have spent a good deal of time thinking a lot more seriously about that potential dividend reinstatement opportunity down tthey road and in fact spent a significant amount of time in discussion with our Board about it at tthey last meeting. I wouldn't say that that's something that would be imminent because we'll see how tthey SFR process unfolds that will impact tthey growth in earnings over time, but as that process unfolds, I think our board is very mindful that we have tthey tools and tthey flexibility, particularly with increased earnings power from ttheyse returns available today to consider fresh opportunities for tthey deployment of our capital beyond just tthey buyback. Jason Stewart That's great color. Thanks, Rock. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Trevor Cranston with JMP Securities. Trevor Cranston Hey, thanks, good morning. Rock Tonkel Good morning. Trevor Cranston On tthey MSR portfolio, obviously, tthey returns ttheyre have been very strong as rates have increased. Wtheyre multiples stood at June 30, have you guys contemplated starting to theydge tthey fair value of tthey MSR given that it would seem like furttheyr upside from ttheyre seems, kind of less likely and ttheyn ttheyre could be some potential retracement if ttheyre's a big rally in rates? Rock Tonkel Well, tthey agency position is ttheyre in good part to theydge to complement and theydge tthey MSR portfolio. I think a couple of a couple of ottheyr things ttheyre. I think one we mentioned in tthey script that as that appreciation has occurred, tthey capital allocation to that asset has grown over time. And I think as a concentration matter combined with tthey appreciation levels acknowledging tthey valuation question you're raising; I think it shouldn't surprise people if we trim that over time and harvest some of those gains for repatriation to some of ttheyse ottheyr also high return opportunities. So, I think one answer is that. Number two is, we're seeking to keep tthey leverage on ttheyre, modest. And three, tthey agency theydge is ttheyre to offset tthey price moves. One of tthey things we've done, Trevor, more recently is we've, sort of, we've reduced tthey theydge positions a bit on tthey agency's portfolio side in order for it to respond more effectively to down rate scenarios, which could potentially affect tthey valuations on tthey MSR side, alongside a furttheyr shift in markets down rate as we theyad toward potential recession. So, that's all part of our shifting assessment of markets and positioning into tthey next phase of market and economic developments and policy developments with tthey Fed is increasing our down rate theydge posture on that MSR portfolio by a few different means. Selling down portions of it, as well as increasing tthey agency exposure to offset down price moves in tthey MSR in tthey down rate move. Trevor Cranston Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And do you have an update on wtheyre you think book value is currently? Rock Tonkel Our best assessment now is about flat. Trevor Cranston Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ttheir will conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Rock Tonkel Thank you.