American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 19, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Devon May - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer David Seymour - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Helane Becker - TD Cowen David Vernon - Bernstein Andrew Didora - Bank of America Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Ralph O'Brien - Goldman Sachs Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Conor Cunningham - Melius Research Savi Syth - Raymond James Daniel McKenzie - Seaport Global Juan Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal Alexandra Scores - Dallas Morning News Leslie Josephs - CNBC Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to American Airlines Group's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey call over to Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development Scott Long. Please go atheyad. Scott Long Thank you, Latif. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On tthey call with prepared remarks, we have our CEO, Robert Isom and our CFO, Devon May. A number of our ottheyr senior executives are also theyre in tthey room ttheir morning for tthey Q&A session. Robert will start tthey call with an overview of our performance, and Devin will follow with details on tthey third quarter, and will outline our operating plans and outlook going forward. After our prepared remarks, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecasts of capacity, and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning, as well as our form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30th, 2023. In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we are giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thank you for your interest and for joining us ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. Today American reported an adjusted pre-tax profit of approximately $362 million for tthey third quarter, an earnings result that was above tthey high-end of our latest EPS guidance range. Tthey American Airlines team continues to produce strong results, and as we look atheyad to tthey rest of tthey year, we continue to prioritize reliability, profitability, accountability, and strengttheyning tthey balance ttheyyet. We are also focused on taking care of tthey team. We are very pleased to have finalized a new contract with tthey Allied Pilots Association in August. Tthey agreement delivers significant compensation and quality of life improvements to our pilots, while allowing us to expand our training capacity to support underutilized aircraft and our future flying. We're also working toward new agreements for our flight attendants and agents. We're running a strong and reliable operation involving our commercial offerings, taking care of our team and customers, producing free cash flow, and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. All of ttheir speaks to our steadfast focus on controlling what we can control. And we are proud to say that we are delivering on our commitments. Now before discussing our results in more detail, on behalf of all of us at American, I want to say how shocked and saddened we are by tthey horrific attacks in Israel, and we join tthey international community in condemning ttheyse acts of hate and violence. We are devastated by tthey incredible loss of innocent life. We're making every effort to care for our team members, who are impacted by ttheir tragedy and to keep our team members safe, while also working with tthey U.S. Government to theylp find safe travel options for customers trying to depart tthey region. Tthey safety and security of our team members, customers, and ttheyir families remains our top priority. Turning now to our financial results. We produced record third quarter revenues of approximately $13.5 billion, driven by a resilient demand environment and record travel rewards program revenue. Domestic demand remains steady, while international demand continues to drive revenue growth, led by tthey Atlantic, Caribbean, and Central America. During tthey third quarter, we saw year-over-year growth in corporate and government revenue, with a return to more traditional seasonality trends. We remain encouraged by what we're seeing with demand and revenue from unmanaged business travel. Importantly, more customers than ever are choosing our Travel Rewards program by acquiring our co-brand credit cards in record numbers, enrolling in tthey Advantage program, and shopping for our product through our direct channels. Co-brand mileage sales growth continues to outpace airline capacity and GDP growth, driving increased levels of loyalty and revenue production from card users. In tthey third quarter, approximately 80% of our bookings came from our own channels and modern retailing technology, which is up approximately 11 points from a year ago. Ttheyse are tthey most efficient distribution channels in our ecosystem, and we expect to see ttheyse trends continue into tthey fourth quarter and beyond. Looking forward, our Network and Travel Rewards program will continue to be tthey primary drivers and value for our customers and for American. And we are focused on operating our business as efficiently as possible. Our simplified fleet remains tthey youngest and most efficient among tthey U.S. Network carriers, and we are working to increase tthey utilization of both our mainline and regional aircraft. In addition, we are identifying opportunities to drive incremental value across tthey company. Ttheyse initiatives and our limited near and medium term CapEx requirements will allow us to continue to generate free cash flow that we can use to reinvest in tthey business and continue to pay down debt. Now turning to our operation. Tthey American Airlines team delivered anottheyr quarter of fantastic operational results. Our team has produced stellar results for more than a year, including a record-setting performance during tthey peak travel period ttheir summer. American operated more than 515,000 flights in tthey third quarter, and we produced our best ever third quarter completion factor of 98.6%. American ended tthey quarter with tthey best completion factor of tthey U.S. network carriers, while maintaining our first place standing and on-time departures through tthey first nine months of tthey year. No network airline has operated more reliably than American over tthey past 15-months. Our operational performance is better than ever and it's because of our steadfast focus on reliability and strong execution in an increasingly complex environment. Our commercial and operations teams build a fantastic plan each month, we execute on it, and we recover quickly during irregular operations. We're building on our momentum and we are committed to delivering a reliable operation for our customers as we approach tthey holiday season. And now I'll turn it over to Devin to share more about our third quarter financial results and tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter. Devon May Thank you, Robert. I would also like to thank tthey team for delivering anottheyr outstanding quarter. During tthey third quarter, tthey average price of jet fuel increased sharply. While tthey rapid increase in fuel prices resulted in lower earnings in tthey quarter, we continue to stay focused on our priorities. As Robert mentioned, in tthey third quarter, we delivered a fantastic operation for our customers, we finalized a new contract for our pilots, and we took furttheyr action to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. Excluding net special items, we reported third quarter net income of $263 million, or adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.38. Ttheir is above tthey high-end of our most recent guidance update, driven by slightly higtheyr capacity and better ex-fuel unit cost performance in tthey quarter. American produced record third quarter revenue of approximately $13.5 billion. Ttheir revenue performance led to adjusted operating income of nearly $730 million, resulting in a third quarter adjusted operating margin of 5.4%. Our strong operational performance in tthey third quarter resulted in capacity that was 6.9% higtheyr year-over-year at tthey high-end of our guidance range. Revenue for tthey quarter was in line with what we had shared in July and unit revenue was down 6.3% versus a theirtorically strong 2022. Unit cost, excluding net special items and fuel, was up 3.3% year-over-year, nearly a point better than tthey low-end of our prior guidance range. Ttheir outcome was driven by higtheyr capacity and some expenses that were puttheyyd to tthey fourth quarter. Our significant fleet investments over tthey past decade allows for relatively modest aircraft CapEx ttheir decade. Year-to-date, we have taken delivery of 17 mainline aircraft, and we expect four more aircraft to be delivered by year end, two narrow body aircraft deliveries have been delayed into 2024, so we now anticipate taking delivery of a total of 21 aircraft in 2023. All of our 2023 deliveries have been financed. Given tthey continuous supply chain challenges tthey OEMs are managing, we have been in tthey used market for younger vintage narrowbody aircraft. We have signed an agreement with Alaska Airlines to purchase 10 Airbus A321neo aircraft that we expect to join fleet in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year and tthey first quarter of 2024. Our 2023 aircraft CapEx is now expected to be approximately $1.9 billion, which includes a portion of tthey Alaska A321neo deliveries. Our 2023 non-aircraft CapEx is still expected to be approximately $800 million. We anticipate our 2024 total CapEx to be between $3 billion and $3.3 billion, slightly below our prior guide as we finalize our 2024 delivery sctheydules. Looking beyond 2024, we continue to review our medium and long-term fleet needs, and we are currently engaged with Boeing and Airbus for narrow-body aircraft deliveries in tthey latter half of ttheir decade and beyond. Due to tthey young age of our fleet, we do not have any planned aircraft retirements ttheir decade. As a result, we continue to expect aircraft CapEx to average approximately $3.5 billion per year through 2030. We are very pleased to have built our fleet in a low interest rate environment and at a time wtheyn tthey supply chain wasn't as challenged as it is today. Our relatively low capital requirements, along with our free cash flow production, has allowed for significant progress in strengttheyning tthey balance ttheyyet. We've now reduced total debt by approximately $10.9 billion from peak levels in 2021, and we're more than 70% of tthey way to our goal of reducing total debt by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. By year-end, we expect to have paid down approximately $11.5 billion, and we'll be 77% of tthey way to our total debt reduction goal. In addition to paying down regularly sctheyduled debt year-to-date we have proactively decreased our 2025 maturities by $2.3 billion through both tthey refinancing of tthey $1.8 billion South American term loan in tthey first quarter and more than $550 million of open market repurchases over tthey past two quarters. All three credit rating agencies recognize our progress with upgrades in tthey third quarter, and we expect furttheyr ratings improvements in tthey coming years as we continue to reduce total debt levels. We ended tthey third quarter with approximately $13.5 billion of total available liquidity, and for tthey full-year, we now expect free cash flow to approach $2 billion. Tthey reduction from our prior free cash flow estimate is due to slightly higtheyr aircraft CapEx related to tthey Alaska A321 and lower earnings largely due to tthey recent run-up in fuel expense. Now, on to tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter. Post-Labor Day bookings have been in line with expectations. We have seen steady improvement in business travel with encouraging signs from both managed and unmanaged corporate customers, strong international demand, and theirtorically high premium revenue both domestically and internationally. Consistent with recent trends, we expect steady demand during tthey upcoming peak holiday travel season. However, tthey strong unit revenue environment in 2022 continues to be a difficult comparison. As a result, we expect fourth quarter TRASM to be down 5.5% to 7.5% on 4.5% to 6.5% more capacity year-over-year. We expect fourth quarter CASM-ex to be up 5% to 7% year-over-year. Ttheir step up in sequential year-over-year CASM-ex is driven by tthey shift of some expenses from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter and less year-over-year capacity growth. Our full-year CASM-ex guide remains unchanged, up approximately 3% versus 2022. Our current forecast for tthey fourth quarter assumes a fuel price of between $3.01 and $3.11 per gallon. Based on our current demand assumptions and fuel price forecast, we expect to produce an adjusted operating margin of between 2% and 4% in tthey fourth quarter. We continue to expect our full-year capacity to be up approximately 6.5% versus 2022. Our full-year forecast for TRASM is to be up approximately 1% year-over-year, and as I just mentioned, we expect our full-year CASM-ex to be up approximately 3% versus 2022. Our capacity, TRASM and CASM-ex expectations for tthey year are all consistent with tthey guidance we provided in January of ttheir year. Ttheir result speaks to tthey planning, focus, and determination of our team. Based on our demand and fuel cost assumptions, we now expect to produce a full-year adjusted operating margin of approximately 7% and adjusted EPS of between $2.25 and $2.50. Looking atheyad to 2024, we continue to expect our capacity to be up mid-single-digits year-over-year, largely driven by better overall asset utilization. Increases in capacity will be oriented to our strengths with our global partnerships complementing our own flying. In 2024, we will have tthey assets and resources to finally grow beyond our 2019 capacity levels, but we will be nimble and adjust capacity based on tthey fuel and demand environment we are operating in. We are pleased with tthey progress tthey American Airlines team has made in 2023, and we remain focused on delivering results and pursuing efficiencies to unlock additional value in 2024 and beyond. Now I'll turn it back to Robert for closing remarks. Robert Isom Thanks, Devin. We're incredibly proud of everything tthey American Airlines team has accomplittheyyd over tthey past 18 months. We told you we were going to focus on reliability, profitability, and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet, and we've done just that. American had a great summer and has run tthey most reliable operation of tthey U.S. network carriers over tthey past 15-months. We're consistently profitable and we've materially improved our balance ttheyyet by reducing total debt by nearly $11 billion since 2021. We'll maintain that focus as we move through tthey fourth quarter and beyond. No matter tthey macroeconomic conditions we face or tthey variability of tthey operating environment, our team is intent on controlling what we can control over tthey short-term and setting our company up for success over tthey long run. I'm incredibly excited by what tthey future holds for American. Looking atheyad, we will be much more efficient as an airline. As an example, even today, we could be flying 5% more with tthey aircraft we already have in our fleet. We're eager to restore regional service to tthey underserved smaller markets that are still feeling tthey effects of tthey pandemic. We're building back and expanding our network in an efficient manner that will lead to stronger revenue production. Our Travel Rewards Program AAdvantage has already undergone significant change that is theylping us grow high margin revenue at a greater rate than GDP and we anticipate that to continue as we work to make our co-brand credit cards even more valuable to consumers and our partners. On top of all that, we continue to innovate in creating a leading retailing experience, ensuring that anything we offer our customers can be shopped, purchased, and serviced digitally. It all bodes well for American, our team members, customers, tthey communities we serve, and especially our investors as we enter 2024 and look to 2025 and beyond. And with that, operator, please open tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker of TD Cowen. Helane Becker Thanks very much, operator. I'm not used to getting tthey first question. Thanks, guys. So theyre's my question. As you think about your hubs, you've talked about, Sue's talked in tthey past about New York and LA not really being profitable. You know, Philadelphia seems to me to be a good connecting hub. It looks like you're putting a lot of international capacity in tthey market. So it brings up a couple of points. One is, are ttheyre enough captains to handle what you're thinking of doing around tthey network? Ethan and Dallas have gotten a lot of attention. What about some of your ottheyr markets like Philly, Chicago and maybe your coastal locations? Robert Isom Hey Matttheywe, let me start and Vasu can talk to you more about exactly wtheyre we're focusing our network and if we need some real expertise, David Seymour can step in. I'll start with ttheir, we're really pleased that we were able to enter into a new agreement with tthey APA and our pilots back in August. It's a deal that, well, it certainly comes with increased compensation and benefits and expense, but it also is something that puts it in a position wtheyre we can train our pilots in a much more efficient manner and more quickly. So one of tthey issues with getting our fleet fully back restored has been just our ability to move pilots through tthey schoolhouse. But right now, with some of tthey changes we've made in tthey contract, we have much more flexibility to actually grow tthey airline as we need. And so I don't see any issues with being able to support our fleet as we get into 2024 from a mainline perspective. On tthey regional side of tthey world, that is something that we're still working through. We've seen a lot of nice progress, but we're not fully restored. As we look into 2024, you'll see us do some things that I think that will hasten tthey progress to get our aircraft back up. And from a regional perspective, it's really not a pilot supply issue at ttheir point. It's more of an issue of having first officers with tthey amount of time, tthey thousand hours that ttheyy need to graduate from right seat to left seat. And I'm encouraged by what I see on that front. So Vasu, what about -- how are we focused in tthey network? Vasu Raja Yes, look, just building off of Robert's comments in tthey opening remarks, as we look forward, we think we have a lot of opportunity ttheyre. Our hubs and really all of our hubs, but especially our four of our largest and potentially higtheyst capacity hubs in Phoenix, Dallas, Ethan, and Miami are located near what are starting to turn out to be some of tthey most economically resilient markets ttheyre are. And we still have opportunity to go bring back more fleet, and we have infrastructure in those places to grow furttheyr. And as we see tthey future unfolding, to your point, Matttheywe, we actually see a lot of opportunities to go and grow tthey performance of tthey coastal markets and Philadelphia and Chicago specifically in a way that's really complimentary to that. Helane Becker Okay, and ttheyn just for my follow-up question on tthey domestic side, if I look at your numbers versus your two major competitors you seem to be decelerating. And I'm just kind of wondering if that's just a function of tthey size of tthey aircraft you're flying, not having as many premium seats, or is it just tthey markets that you're in? Although given what Vasu, you just said, it seems like tthey demand in those markets should still be pretty reasonable? Vasu Raja Yes, Matttheywe, actually it's none of tthey above would be tthey answer to tthey question. Look in tthey business of ours from one quarter to anottheyr, it's easy to draw a lot of prognostications, which probably aren't ttheyre. And as we see it right now, it's a particularly weird time. One, because so many -- so much of tthey U.S. airline business is still recovering ttheyir networks, and tthey networks that are being recovered are probably never been more divergent, never more different competitively, but also never more different than what was ttheyre three or four, certainly five years ago. And so a little bit of what you see is that. And what I would actually say is we, I'll echo tthey points I made and ttheyn Robert made me in tthey opening bit. As we look forward, actually we see a lot of opportunity. First of all, with our network, you know, as we look out ttheyre, we serve 300 cities in North America, in 200 of ttheym, we have a network advantage. And as we bring back more of tthey regional jets, as we up gauge tthey mainline fleet, that's a real advantage for us, because so many of our competitors really won't be ttheyre. Tthey customers in those cities are about 50% of our customer base, but ttheyy produce about 60% of our revenues. Ttheyy're tthey ones who are signing up for tthey program for AAdvantage and enrolling in tthey card. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr big opportunity we have really across our enterprise, but it'll play out most notably in tthey domestic system, is really with AAdvantage, our travel rewards program. As we see it, our co-branded credit card is tthey largest co-branded credit card in circulation. Our program is one [Technical Difficulty] maybe travel programs in tthey business. But if you look at us, we produce probably $400 million less in frequent flyer revenue than what tthey industry leader does right now. So tthey quarter-to-quarter trends are just a function of things like tthey recovery. Tthey real thing that we're seeing is tthey opportunity in tthey quarters and years atheyad. Helane Becker Thanks very much. Thanks, everybody. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Vernon of Bernstein. David Vernon Hey, good morning guys. So Devon, can you theylp try to shape tthey cost outlook and tthey cadence by quarter for 2024, or at least talk to some of tthey theyadwinds out ttheyre? I know it's going to be pretty noisy just given tthey way tthey labor costs have layered in. Can you kind of theylp us think about 2024 CASM-ex, sort of, theyadwinds in relation to tthey higtheyr level of CASM-ex that you're expecting now in fourth quarter? Devon May Sure, and maybe I'll just start with fourth quarter performance and ttheyn we'll talk a little bit about 2024. And while we're not giving CASM guidance for tthey year, I can talk to you about some theyadwinds and tailwinds. So starting with fourth quarter of ttheir year, as Vasu said, ttheyse numbers do shift around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, but our full-year CASM-ex guide has been unchanged since tthey start of tthey year. And we knew at tthey start of tthey year, tthey fourth quarter was going to be our tougtheyst comp. Our capacity starts to decelerate or capacity growth starts to decelerate a little bit as we entered tthey fourth quarter. We also had a couple of one-time credits that we got in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 that aren't happening for us ttheir year. And ttheyn ttheyre was a shift of some expenses from tthey third quarter into tthey fourth quarter, adding a little bit more pressure. But we're still really pleased with our full-year result, hitting tthey guide or tthey midpoint of tthey guide that we had at tthey very start of tthey year. As we look out to 2024, tthey theyadwinds are wtheyre you'd expect. It's largely around salaries and benefits. We have open contracts with our flight attendants and our passenger service and reservations groups. If we are able to achieve deals that match industry leaders for those work groups, it'll add about a point of CASM pressure year-over-year. We also just have regular increases for ottheyr labor groups that are happening next year. But tthey tailwinds of what Robert talked about and what we're excited about actually working towards full utilization of our fleet. And ttheir operation we've been running has been incredible for tthey last year, year and a half. Now we have a real opportunity to go atheyad and do some optimization work around ttheir operation. So we do have some theyadwinds on salaries and benefits. We have some real nice tailwinds as well into 2024, and we'll be able to provide more guidance on what CASM will look like on a January call. David Vernon Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn, Robert or Vasu, maybe -- ttheyre's a lot of talk right now in tthey industry about how segmentation premium products are changing tthey structure of tthey industry, maybe to tthey detriment of domestic oriented or discount carriers. Can you add your thoughts on ttheir topic theyre and talk a little bit about how you see American playing in ttheir evolving structure? We didn't theyar a lot about premium and any of tthey prepared remarks today. I'm just wondering how you guys are thinking about, you know, what some people are calling a seismic change in tthey industry dynamic. Vasu Raja Sure, ttheir is Vasu. I can answer that. In fact, I'd be very, very happy to answer it. Look, what we see, and we think that tthey real causal thing that's happening in tthey customer itself as opposed to a ttheyir product or cabinet service, what we've certainly seen and Robert alluded to it since 2019 advantage -- our advantage customers are really driving tthey revenue production of tthey company, and that's manifesting itself in a range of ways. So versus ‘19, our membership is up 50%. Almost two-thirds of our revenue, certainly in ttheir last quarter, came from AAdvantage customers. And what we're finding with ttheym is that those customers are proving to be a much more resilient pool of demand that indeed are willing to engage in behaviors that aren't just shopping for tthey fastest sctheydule or tthey ctheyapest price. We see that play out in a lot of different ways. One is premium cabin performance, wtheyre our premium fair products revenue is up 7% from AAdvantage customers, in keeping with our overall seed growth. Two, we see that remuneration on our credit cards is of about 25% from ttheyse customers. And ttheyn importantly, we find that ttheyse customers disproportionately want to shop with us directly about 85% of all tthey AAdvantage member revenue in tthey system is coming through our direct channels. So we see tthey causal thing, and that's why it was in our remarks, is what's really happening is for our AAdvantage members, ttheyre's a real desire to travel, and ttheyy're coming to us because ttheyy want a great network and a program that rewards ttheym for using it, delivered reliably over and over and over again. Robert Isom Hey, and David, I just want to add one thing to that. It's look, we're going to be part of and also a driver of premium revenue growth. So one of tthey things I think is noteworthy, our premium seeding is going to grow by 43% between now and 2026. And that's as a result of bringing on tthey new XLR and reconfiguring our 777 300s and actually taking a look at even some of tthey domestic fleet as well, wtheyre I know that we'll be adding more first-class product, or at least reconfiguring to that end. And on that same front, we're really pleased with our regional aircraft. On that front, you take a look at tthey E175 and ttheyy have fantastic cabins that are every bid is nice and appreciated by customers is anything we fly in tthey mainline side. So I look forward to participating in driving what's going to be going on in terms of premium products. David Vernon All right. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Didora of Bank of America. Andrew Didora Hey, good morning, everyone. Devon, maybe just digging into tthey 2024 costs a little bit. Given tthey changes in tthey pilot contract, I know kind of tthey new profit sharing now runs through tthey salaries and wages line. How should we think about wage growth next year in relation to kind of tthey single-digit capacity? Devon May Hey, we'll give more guidance on 2024 as we [Technical Difficulty] salaries and benefits is an area we're going to see some pressure ttheyre. As I just mentioned, we do have ttheir open agreement with our flight attendants and our passenger service and reservations agents that we hope to get closed and we hope to be able to match industry leading contracts ttheyre, which will drive about a point of growth. And as we get into tthey year, ttheyre will be some lumpiness on year-over-year comps. In tthey first quarter of 2023, we didn't have an accrual for our pilot agreement. So we'll see a little more cost pressure in tthey first quarter. But as we get into tthey last three quarters of tthey year, that cost pressure is going to ease. And ttheyn ttheyse efficiencies that we've been talking about, I think, are going to add some nice tailwinds as we go through tthey year. So let us get back to you in January with a little bit more detail, but that's kind of wtheyre we're seeing it right now. Andrew Didora Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn [Indiscernible] Vasu maybe -- can you speak a little bit more in terms of what you're seeing on tthey corporate side, particularly as it relates to both kind of large and small corporates, particularly, I know you've made some pretty big changes with your corporate sales force just curious if you've seen any sort of unexpected share shifts or anything like that as we moved into ttheir more seasonally stronger time period for corporate travel? Thanks. Vasu Raja Yes. Hi, thank you Andrew. It’s anottheyr question which I don't know if people might have happy to happy to address and that I'll do it in ttheir fashion. We have made a number of changes with our selling and distribution strategy, tthey purpose of which is very simple. Our customers have been telling us for a very long time now that ttheyy want it so that anything that we offer ttheym can be shopped, sold, and serviced digitally. And we've been seeing that customer sentiment for a really long time. And that's what we're out to serve. And our strategy is ttheir simple. In order to go make that happen, we need to distribute our product exclusively through tthey internet. And that's what you're seeing from us. We're shifting content, bare products, sctheydules, things like that, out of legacy technology wtheyre we can't provide customers tthey kind of shopping and service experience ttheyy expect, and we're putting it through technologies that can. And on that journey, we've certainly invited all of our retailers to come along with it, but that is a different world than what was ttheyre before. And what we've seen before is really encouraging, actually. In tthey quarter, our total business revenues were up 2%. We actually performed better year-over-year among contracted corporations than we had in a number of months prior to it. But very importantly, our cost of sale is down 13%. So we're finding that we're able to generate more revenues through less cost of sale, which is very encouraging to us. And like I said, as we go forward, we intend to continue tthey momentum that we've got. We certainly invite any retailing partner to join us along tthey journey. And in fact, most recently, we launctheyd a new business program called AAdvantage Business. And AAdvantage is very much tthey platform upon which we will build all of our commercial programs. But through that -- through AAdvantage business, companies of all sizes can access our content in a way that's ctheyaper, simpler, better servicing, and in a way that's more rewarding for travelers. We'll accelerate ttheyir status. So we're actually really encouraged by what we've seen, encouraged by its revenue production, and look forward to continuing tthey momentum. Andrew Didora Great. Thanks for that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Linenberg of Deutscthey Bank. Michael Linenberg Hey, good morning everyone. Hey, Vasu, can I just -- I know you’ve sort of called out what tthey revenue for premium for AAdvantage members was up year-over-year? If I look at in its entirety what year-over-year was tthey gain in premium product revenue. And ttheyn wtheyn we think about sort of tthey split, wtheyre are you, you know, as a percent of your passenger revenue, total passenger revenue, premium versus non-premium? Even rough numbers would be fine. Thanks. Hello? Vasu Raja Sorry, Mike. Shame on me. My microphone wasn't on. But I'll repeat, I'll answer tthey first question first. Indeed, premium cabin revenues are up across our system, about 6% to 7%. Michael Linenberg Okay. Vasu Raja By AAdvantage members whose revenue is up about 7%. Non-members are up about 5%. And ttheyn to your question [Technical Difficulty] about customer base. Look, one of tthey things that we've certainly noticed is probably more importantly than segmenting based on fair products is by tthey customers ttheymselves. And so what we do is we look at customers who are buying non-premium products. Those are fairs that are not eligible for discounts, mileage earn, things like that, are lowest selling products. And we look at it for customers who are non-advantaged customers, who tend to be our most transitory customers. And we find is that transitory customers buying our lowest selling fares is about 30% of our system revenue. Tthey ottheyr 70% is customers, who are buying premium quality fares. And that number is disproportionately weighted to advantage customers. Michael Linenberg Okay, great. And ttheyn just my Second question on, you know, I saw that you're applying for -- to fly from JFK, Haneda. And I'm curious because, you know, sort of post-NEA, I got tthey sense that maybe you were going to be sort of maybe, I don't know if downsizing New York is tthey right thing, but tthey fact is, you know, wide bodies are scarce and for everyone. And that would take two frames. And you already have JAL in that market with tthey code shares. So, you know, what's tthey rationale behind that? Thanks for taking my questions. Vasu Raja Yes. Hey, thanks, Mike. And I'll answer through tthey lens of New York, which I know is probably on a lot of our investors' minds. And I'll answer tthey Haneda question as part of it. At tthey time pre-COVID and certainly prior to tthey NEA, American Airlines had a really fundamental problem in New York, which is we were losing our relevance to New York city originating customers. Every year we had declining originating share, our AAdvantage enrollments were declining year-after-year, simply because we didn't have a slot portfolio to compete with tthey two largest ones. And that was tthey reasons behind doing tthey NEA. Now in ttheyse last several weeks and months, what we've noticed is actually tthey New York originating customer has changed what ttheyy demand. Same day business trips are down a lot. Ttheyre's way fewer people originating New York, who are looking to take day trips to Boston or Chicago or Detroit. But that New York city customer is much more interested in flying long haul, internationally long haul, to tthey west coast [Technical Difficulty] market in Florida. That's a thing that our slot portfolio is much more built to do. And in tthey last few weeks since tthey NEA has been terminated, actually what we've seen is that our originating share is stable. New York city can be tthey number one market in our system both for AAdvantage enrollments and for credit card signups and penetration. So we're encouraged by that and you see that. Tthey last thing I'll mention about it is through our global partnerships we're able to offer a thing in New York which is very unique both in our TA facility and also being able to go and operate our major partners -- major complexes wtheyttheyr that's Heathrow or Haneda or Doha for that matter. Michael Linenberg Makes sense. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ralph O'Brien of Goldman Sachs. Ralph O'Brien Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Devon, I just wanted to dig in a bit on tthey cost performance to-date. You know, you came in close to a point below tthey low end of your 3Q range. I know you mentioned some timing shift, but you're also sticking with your prior midpoint for full-year CASM-ex despite tthey extra crew for pilot retro pay since you last updated that full-year cost outlook? I guess, you know, what has been going better than expected? And ttheyn can you just remind us what you had originally baked in for tthey open flight tenant contract in tthey second-half did that have any impact on 3Q? Thanks. Robert Isom Hey, thanks for tthey question Catie. We do have it's largely timing and operational performance with higtheyr ASMs is what benefited us in tthey third quarter. In our prior guidance, we didn't have anything in tthey third quarter for our open labor agreements outside of tthey pilots. We did have something in tthey fourth quarter and we still have something modest in tthey fourth quarter just given tthey time it would take to reach and ratify an agreement. But generally speaking, everything ttheir year has come in very much in line with what our initial guidance was, which is why for tthey full-year, we're still right around that 3% number. We've seen a little bit of pressure on certain line items. We've gotten some benefits from ottheyrs, but overall it's largely in line with our expectations. And like just generally speaking, we are pretty good at forecasting out expenses. And I think during tthey COVID years, that became a little bit more challenging. But in 2023, we feel pretty good about our ability to forecast and deliver results. Ralph O'Brien That's great. Thanks for tthey detail. And ttheyn maybe one for Vasu. You know between tthey third quarter and second quarter you experienced decel in TRASM, you know, on year-over-year in 2019. I totally understand ttheyre's so many moving pieces now as tthey network recovers and tthey shape of your network has changed a bit over tthey years. But your fourth quarter guidance implies things will stabilize in a year-over-year basis. Can you just walk us through what's driving that stabilization? Thanks so much. Robert Isom And for my clarity, you mean tthey quarter-to-quarter stabilization? Ralph O'Brien Right, just comparing tthey year-over-year to each ottheyr. Robert Isom Sure. I will do my best. Ttheyre's a few things that are changing in our system right now between one quarter to tthey next that has that effect. In Q3, what we find just in terms of how we brought tthey network back, a lot of what we were flying were off time periods, like off peak flights. As we get into Q4, that starts to stabilize a little bit more. We regain a lot more regional supportability into tthey fourth quarter. And so a little bit of what you see ttheyre are just shifting year-over-year trends based on how we brought tthey airline back and ttheyn wtheyre tthey airline is oriented around flying. In tthey third quarter, especially in tthey trough seasons of August and September, ttheyre are some strange year-over-year comps wtheyre tthey Norttheyast was performing better than markets in tthey Sunbelt, wtheyn we get into Q4, that's wtheyn tthey Sunbelt and short haul MCLA starts to change. And you see that in our sctheydules. We have, I think, our biggest Miami operation in our theirtory ttheyre. So a lot of what you see ttheyre is less a function of something fundamental, but some really unique quarter-to-quarter recovery trends. Ralph O'Brien Great. Thanks for tthey time. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker of JPMorgan. Jamie Baker Hey, good morning, everybody. Vasu in NEA question, you know, we're obviously tracking some of tthey rebalancing between JFK and Philadelphia. I see that 787 captains in Philly, that number is moving up quite a bit. Looks like JetBlue will continue to operate a portion of your slots through tthey end of IATA's summer season next year. I [Technical Difficulty] so part of my question is am I right on that, but more importantly I recognize networks are fluid, but wtheyn should we think about Philadelphia and New York, sort of, reaching a steady state? Is that a process that will wrap in time for next summer or should we think of tthey NEA unwind as lasting longer than that? Vasu Raja Hey Jamie, Thanks for tthey question. I guess, we’ve all been around ttheir business for a while and steady state is always a very difficult thing to prognosticate. But I will say ttheir, tthey role of ttheyse hubs is quite complimentary. And we're seeing it more and more per my comments earlier, wtheyre New York is a lot of New York originating customers wtheyn it goes international. Domestic, it's a mix of New York originating, and as we call it, Spoke City, like outside of hubs originating into New York. And Philadelphia is our largest connecting complex into transatlantic. And so a lot of what you see is just, it comes back to what Robert mentioned. We're seeing actually a lot of traction in international and transatlantic, better than we have before. We're seeing it from both of ttheyse markets. For tthey first time since our Atlantic joint venture was created, we're pretty consistently tthey unit revenue leader amongst tthey group, which has been very unique and a long time coming. And so we think that ttheyse two hubs are very complimentary. We see it every day that ttheyy're very complimentary as we bring in tthey XLR that enables us to do some really unique things in both of those markets. And as we do things like improve tthey configuration on tthey 777 300 or bring in more 787 9s, that furttheyr augments that. So that's what you see and look in tthey world of network planning, we can move things around based on wtheyre tthey demand is. We'll continue to do it. Ttheyre will be some of that rebalancing. And certainly as we go into next year, we do see a lot of opportunity to bulk up in Philadelphia as we get more supportability back, as tthey regional comes back, as we take wide body deliveries. Jamie Baker Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn second question, you know, for Devon, a clarification, tthey $3.5 billion CapEx figures that you gave or figure that you gave before, that was aircraft only, correct? So all in, we should be dialing in something, you know, closer to $4.5 billion going forward. I'm assuming I got that right. And if so, do you expect to generate cash next year at current fuel prices? Devon May Yes, so ttheyre’s two separate things. So for 2024, our total CapEx is between $3 billion and $3.3 billion. Long-term beyond 2024, you're right that tthey $3.5 billion number I gave was just aircraft CapEx. So for ‘24, I think our capital requirements are such that we certainly have tthey ability to generate free cash flow. And we're absolutely in a different position than some of our peers, just given wtheyre ttheyy are at in terms of fleet renewal program versus wtheyre we're at. We spent over $30 billion from 2014 to 2019 on our fleet renewal. Now we're in a nice spot wtheyre capital requirements are slightly less and it does give us tthey ability to produce free cash flow going forward like we did in ttheir year. Jamie Baker Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth Hey, thanks. Good morning. Appreciate tthey time. Kind of an industry question, but we'll go atheyad and ask it of you. Just with respect to 4Q RASM guidance down 6.5% at tthey midpoint, which is actually a little bit better than what we were modeling, and tthey cost pressures you are outlining into next year, what needs to go right to get that unit revenue back to positive territory. I mean, tthey 5% growth that you're outlining, you know, may or may not be crazy relative to GDP. If we're just thinking about it year-over-year, right, 5% doesn't sound crazy. But if we think about wtheyre your margins are exiting theyre, tthey exit rate on your margins, you know, any thoughts about how we get back to positive RASM, which it appears you'll need to stabilize your margins theyre? Appreciate tthey thoughts. Robert Isom Hey, thanks for tthey question. Look, and tthey answer is both very simple and consistent with tthey stuff we've been saying. What we get to do is, tthey stuff we have to do is within our control. It's bringing back our regional jet network, which creates a lot of revenue benefits for us and a lot of unique markets for our customers. And two, it's growing tthey revenues from AAdvantage, both through our brand of credit cards and how we go issue and enable tthey redemption of miles. Both of those things are tops on our plans for next year. We're excited to go and execute on that. And we see a lot of upside. Duane Pfennigwerth I guess just maybe thinking sequentially, like how patient will you be with sort of breakeven-ish, negative margins? Like is that a one or two quarter ptheynomenon? Is it a multi-year ptheynomenon? Devon May Hey, Vasu, I'll take ttheir. Hey, Duane, thanks. Look, we are going to be incredibly focused on making sure that we deploy assets wtheyre we can make money. Tthey kind of things that we're talking about and focusing on our strengths are wtheyre we see that happening. And look, I think that we, you know, to tthey contrary, I think we carry momentum in a lot of tthey work that we've done ttheir year that that Vasu has been at tthey center of in terms of making sure that we have tthey best network and we can sell, shop sell and service it digitally, is all groundwork for next year. And so as we take a look at not only tthey regional network, furttheyr enhancing premium product, what we will intend to do with AAdvantage and less variable revenue. I think that all plays into a lot of strength. And on top of that, look, we're in tthey midst of recovery still. And so as we go from quarter-to-quarter, we know that ttheyre are things that we could have done differently, you know, over tthey past summer that we're going to make sure that we're addressing in terms of wtheyre we're flying and how we're doing it, but we will have very little tolerance for what you would consider, kind of, investment or development flying. We're going to fly wtheyre we make money. Duane Pfennigwerth No, it's not an easy question, but I appreciate tthey thoughts. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Conor Cunningham Hi, everyone. Thanks for tthey time. Just your capacity has been pretty stable relative to tthey industry. And a lot of tthey constraints that we've talked about ttheir year seem like ttheyy're going to carry forward next year if not get a little bit worse. And so, at tthey same time, tthey domestic competitors are really struggling. So I'm just curious on how you may take AAdvantage of that situation next year, if those ttheymes continue to play out, or are you just happy with tthey current execution of what you're doing right now? Robert Isom No, no, I'll start, Conor and Vasu can join in. Look, you know, wtheyn we talk about tthey kind of capacity that we are going to be putting back, we've described it over and over again. I think that, you know, first off, we've got assets that on hand today that provide some of that benefit. We're certainly going to make sure that, that gets deployed in a fashion that is productive. I do think that ttheyre are constraints out ttheyre that continue on and wtheyttheyr that's ATC or it's some of tthey supply chain, both engines and air framers, I think that, that kind of stuff is we're going to have to work through. And ttheyn on top of that, look, we're all getting through tthey pilot shortfalls as well. So ttheyre's ups and downs to that. But overall, you will see us, we're going to play our game. And that means find our Sunbelt hubs, strengttheyning tthey rest of our network through getting capacity back up in tthey air, and doing all tthey things that Vasu has talked about in terms of taking advantage of AAdvantage and our co-brand deals and ttheyn also modern retailing. Conor Cunningham Okay and ttheyn you know you've executed you know, pretty remarkably on your plan, but your margins, maybe to Helane’s earlier question, just, you know, continue to lag Delta United and, you know, your operations been better, all that stuff, and I get it, but, you know, Wtheyn you think about tthey opportunity atheyad to close that gap, is it more a revenue equation or cost? I think theirtorically Americans talked a little bit about tthey revenue gap, but it seems to be that ttheyre's more of a cost opportunity theyre. Just curious on your thoughts ttheyre. Thank you. Devon May Hey, Conor, it's Devon. I'll take that. And certainly, ttheir isn't something we look at a quarterly basis, but we do spend a lot of time on benchmarking. And if you want to talk about benchmarking margins, we do think it's important to look at it and look at it on a 12-month basis and tthey right margin to be using wtheyn you're comparing us to ttheyse ottheyr network peers, is EBITDAR, because it just takes out financing decisions, so aircraft rent versus depreciation and interest expense, and it takes out capital structure, which we just know right now, we have a difference, but that's an area we also know we're going to improve on going forward. So let's talk about that. On EBITDAR margins, I think we stack up really well with our competitors. If you look at 12 months ended third quarter, I think we're right on top of one of ttheym and maybe ttheyre's a small gap to tthey ottheyr. But I think our progress versus 2019 has been really good. And tthey opportunity atheyad is on both sides. I do think we're going to be able to produce capacity at lower unit costs going forward or at least decelerate ttheir unit cost growth. And I do think we have top line opportunities as well. And ttheyn tthey only ottheyr thing I'd close on is, well, I think we're in pretty nice shape on margins. And ttheyre's opportunity atheyad. Wtheyn it comes to free cash flow, I think we are unique amongst our network peers with our capital requirements going forward, and we should be able to outproduce on free cash flow for most of ttheir decade. Robert Isom And Conor, I'll just underscore one more time. Please take a look at tthey past year. Ttheyre's a lot of variability in quarters in terms of whose network is aligned to do better one to tthey next. And also, a lot of noise in tthey numbers in terms of just building back tthey airlines from tthey pandemic. We feel really confident about how we're seeing '24 especially on a competitive basis against our peers. Conor Cunningham Alright. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Savi Syth of Raymond James. Savi Syth Hey, good morning, everyone. I was kind of curious if you could provide a little color on tthey international indices. I know you mentioned in transatlantic is really strong. It seems like LatAm is a little bit weak in what that is. And along those lines, wtheyn you're talking about going into your strength, do you mean next year, kind of most of tthey growth will be domestic and not as much in international? Vasu Raja Yes. Hey Savi, ttheir is Vasu. I can take that, and I'll take it in two parts. First, just around tthey world, yes, we see really strong long-haul revenue trends, regardless of tthey entity, long-haul Atlantic, long-haul Latin America, long-haul Pacific and as I mentioned earlier, versus any prior period of time, wtheyttheyr last year 2019 or really anything as far back as it goes we've seen uniquely strong revenue performance. But what we're encouraged by is that our revenue performance, though it's not wtheyre we yet wish it to be, has never grown at a faster rate than some of our international partners. And for many of ttheym, fly into North America is tthey very best thing that ttheyy do. So we're encouraged by tthey journey we've been on we see more opportunity atheyad as we do simple things. Configure airplanes smartly, get low-cost jets like tthey XLR. And so our future in international is one which is well within our control and very practical. It doesn't involve any great prognostications of how tthey world would change. And ttheyn as far as next year goes, look, a lot of our overall entity mix is largely to be similar, wtheyre we're going to be about a 70%, 75% short-haul carrier and a 20% to 25% long-haul carrier. But those areas would grow at a similar rate, which is why tthey mix stays on. Savi Syth That's theylpful. And if I might, just next year's growth should we assume a lot more kind of regional like a mix next year just as that regional entity comes back versus mainline as we kind of think through maybe what tthey pressures on CASM might be, but maybe tthey kind of tthey benefits to RASM? Devon May Yes. It's probably a little early to get into too much detail. We do expect to build back tthey regional network. We're also looking at better utilization on tthey mainline side. So we'll give a little more detail as we get into January. Savi Syth Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel McKenzie of Seaport Global. Daniel McKenzie Oh, theyy. Good morning, guys. I wanted to see if I could put a bigger spotlight on tthey distribution strategy. So I guess, Vasu, building on tthey prior remarks around direct distribution, what percent of Americans revenue has now shifted to direct channels versus, say, a year ago? How big a change has that been what is it that American can do today that it couldn't do before? And ttheyn finally, if you can just theylp us frame what that revenue upside means, not just today, but more importantly, for those investors that invest longer term, what that revenue contribution could look like, say, three years from now? Vasu Raja Hey Dan, I appreciate tthey question, and I'll do that be your answer sequentially, too. Look, first and foremost, like I said, we're very encouraged by tthey changes that we've got ttheyre, largely, because ttheyy're simply responsive to tthey customers. And we're retailing our product tthey way customers expect, which is really just through tthey Internet. And unsurprisingly, customers have responded. So what we saw as we were going through COVID, was already without American Airlines making any strategic changes, we went from about selling 50% direct to selling about 60% direct and right now, what we're in taking in terms of revenue is actually about 80% going through, as we call it, Internet-based distribution, of which about 70 of those 80 points is going through our true direct channels .com and app and tthey balance coming through new distribution technologies. In fact, our Internet-based travel agency technologies is now a bigger source of bookings than any of tthey legacy global distribution systems are. So we're encouraged by that, but also very clearly not that surprised. I mean customers want that experience, which is tthey second part of your question. Tthey very simple benefit is through what we do, we can go and create more offers for customers that ttheyy value. We've seen ttheir, and we continue to see ttheir at a number of customers who come to aa.com or tthey app shopping for tthey ctheyapest fare that we have end up selling up, like roughly 70% of tthey customers who come to our websites actually come looking for tthey lowest fare, but buy something higtheyr than that. And through ttheyse new tools, we can go and offer ttheym a whole lot more that creates value for ttheym. We can differentiate things like how ttheyy're able to redeem miles for different fare products or even ttheyy're able to earn miles for different fair products. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that I would say is, which is we're finding to be very, very impactful. And as we shift to Internet-based distribution, our servicing becomes a whole lot simpler. So it's hard to do what three years out look like. Looks like, but I can talk about tthey next several weeks and quarters. And what you will see from us are things wtheyre we do much more consciously differentiate. All tthey content we offer will be through Internet-based technologies. We will look to do things like offering more miles for buying premium cabin for shopping through our direct channels for using our credit card. We will create more redemption opportunities for tthey [Technical Difficulty] but ttheyn also, what will be in place by tthey end of ttheir year is that 100% of what we sell will be able to be serviced digitally but only through Internet-based technologies. That's tthey thing which is hugely impactful to our customers. For any of you, if you're traveling on American Airlines, I encourage you if you're making changes, please use tthey app to do so. I think you'll find it to be a much better experience in times past and an industry-leading one as well. Daniel McKenzie Very good. Okay. Second question theyre for Devon. I know Robert shared that 75% of tthey debt is at a fixed rate. But just given tthey higtheyr for longer interest rate regime today, how is that changing tthey way you think about tthey three-year balance ttheyyet targets and goals? And can American get to an investment-grade rating at some point -- and what might a realistic time frame look like to get ttheyre? Devon May Well, I'll just start with right now, our focus on tthey balance ttheyyet has been really on 2025. And our stated goal is that we are going to reduce $15 billion in total debt by tthey end of 2025. We still expect to do that at ttheir point. And we think if we get ttheyre, that gets us to a BB credit. Beyond 2025, we'll see wtheyre it goes. But right now, we're focused on tthey next couple of years. Daniel McKenzie Okay. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Juan Schlangenstein of Bloomberg News. Juan Schlangenstein Hi, good morning. Thank you. I had two quick questions. First is, wtheyn do you expect to start getting tthey XLR? My second question is, you mentioned that domestic demand is steady, but I wanted to see if you could be more specific on that. Like how it's increasing into tthey fourth quarter toward tthey winter holidays. Also wondering if on international demand, if you've seen tthey level of demand that's normally like a summer peak level, has that continued past October and through tthey end of tthey year like some of tthey ottheyr international carriers have said? Devon May Hey, it’s Devon. I'll just start on tthey XLR and ttheyn hand over to Sue. We expect our first XLR delivery to come late next year, and ttheyn tthey order stream starts to really pick up in 2025 and 2026. Vasu Raja Yes. And theyy Juan, I think that probably tthey best way to answer your question is kind of taking a long view look at it. And as we look at just overall demand in our system versus 2019, we're seeing like revenue production, which could be 15%, 20% higtheyr than what was ttheyre before. That's across tthey industry, but for American Airlines specifically. So wtheyn you extract yourself from like tthey year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter changes, what you do see is that demand for travel is materially larger. In tthey airline capacity is starting to catch up to what that is, but that's our reasons for saying that we see a lot of -- we see domestic on a similar demand trend line as what's been out ttheyre, and we certainly see that as we're anticipating characteristically strong peak periods. And ttheyn as far as long-haul international goes, yes, we do continue to see strength in Q4. A lot of it is -- domestic was a marketplace that for customers opened up a lot sooner and a lot more completely and compretheynsive than what many of ttheyse. Many countries outside of tthey U.S. did. So we're still in a period wtheyre some of that demand is coming back. And we, as many are beneficiaries of that. Juan Schlangenstein Thanks a lot, Vasu. Can you just be more specific in terms of tthey upcoming demand domestically for tthey holiday period? I mean really, I don't think ttheyre's a lot of interest now in what tthey comparisons are to 2019. Just are you seeing higtheyr demand going into tthey holidays that you normally would? Is it slower wtheyn you say steady, that doesn't give a necessarily very good impression in terms of what your holiday demand is. Vasu Raja Well, look, Juan, in our holidays, we routinely have far more demand than we have seats for wtheyttheyr you want to compare it to 2022, 2021, 2019 or probably 2009. So we're in a place right now wtheyre actually our holidays are very lightly booked because we know any time we create more availability in tthey holidays, tthey seats go very quickly. So we are anticipating continued like year-over-year improvement in holiday performance. What we have been seeing in things like tthey days around tthey big peak periods also are stronger on a year-over-year booking basis, too. But still, we are in a place wtheyre tthey entire month of November is less than 40% booked for American Airlines. And that's deliberate because we're anticipating really a lot of tthey continued strength around peaks. Juan Schlangenstein Great. Thank you very much. Operator Apologies. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Alison Sider of Wall Street Journal. Alison Sider Yes, thank you. I was curious if tthey latest spirit issues with Boeing are impacting American at all if you're expecting any kind of delays and if those will affect sctheydules and plans at all? Robert Isom Yes. Ali, thanks for that. Look, we work closely with Boeing. And I have to tell you that tthey Boeing team has been really, really forthcoming and cooperative with us. Certainly, ttheyy have some issues with supply chain, and ttheyy're working with us on our order book. We probably anticipate seeing a little bit of slippage as we go into next year but it's not something that is going to have a material impact on our capacity, and we're working very closely with Boeing on that. So thanks for that question. Alison Sider Thank you. And ttheyn I guess on pilots, some ottheyr airlines and unions have talked about kind of like an unusual maybe reluctance for pilots -- first off, ttheyre's upgrade tthey Captain, maybe more quality of life issues coming up. Are you guys seeing that at all? Robert Isom I'll ask David Seymour, our Chief Operating Officer, to comment? David Seymour Yes. No, I appreciate tthey question, Ali. I think you're probably focusing on tthey regional operations wtheyre ttheyre -- first off, I think probably tthey bigger constraint we have is ttheym getting tthey hours to be able to upgrade to captain. But we're not seeing any reluctance really overall that first officers don't want to upgrade to captain. Robert Isom Yes. And theyy David, remind me, for same aircraft type, wtheyn we see first officers upgrading from tthey FO position to capital position, tthey compensation increases roughly 35%, 40%. David Seymour That's correct, yes. Robert Isom Yes. So ttheyre's a strong incentive to become a captain at American Airlines. Alison Sider Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Alexandra Scores of Dallas Morning News. Alexandra Scores Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question, I wanted to ask about station and how that's impacting American customers? And ttheyn my second question is what you're seeing in that same vein, looking atheyad to tthey winter travel season? Vasu Raja Sorry, we didn't theyar you super well in tthey room. Would you say emissions. Alexandra Scores Inflation, sorry. Vasu Raja Inflation. Got it. Okay. Yes, look, right now, I'll say ttheir. Air as I've said on a couple of ttheyse calls, air travel remains an amazing bargain, though indeed, tthey price of gas or groceries or clothing or anything is up quite a lot. Air travel is not up nearly as much. In fact, I think today, in tthey fall, you can fly to Las Vegas for less than $50. And my guess is just about any place you go to eat, it would cost you more to eat ttheyre. So we have yet to see something wtheyre inflation is a thing that we could go point to as a causal theyadwind to demand. Alexandra Scores Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs of CNBC. Leslie Josephs Hi, good morning. We've been seeing a lot of discounts, a lot of double-digit fares from you guys midweek anytime. Can you talk a little bit about how much have you had to discount ttheir fall kind of coming off of tthey peak summer season to fill planes? And how confident are you in ttheir breakeven guide just considering wtheyre fuel is now and wtheyttheyr you can drum up fair enough to cover that. Thanks. Vasu Raja I'll answer tthey first part of it by just simply saying that we don't really comment on fare activity or sale activity for any number of reasons. But I think ottheyrs can talk a little bit more about kind of margin performance. Devon May Yes, our fourth quarter guide, we've done it tthey same way we've done for all tthey ottheyr quarters and throughout tthey year. We have confidence in our revenue guide. We provide a range on it. We have a lot of confidence in our cost guide and fuel remains volatile, but we did put a range on that as well. So as it sits today, we feel really good about what we have out ttheyre for our Q4 guy. Leslie Josephs Okay. And ttheyn, I mean, I guess if you can't comment on fares, but are you losing any pricing power broadly compared with last year or even compared with competitors now? Vasu Raja Well, that's probably an inadvertent way to comment on fares. And look, what we continue to see is a lot of tthey same overall demand trend sequentially day-to-day, week-to-week, et cetera. And as I mentioned, air travel remains an amazing bargain for customers. And customers, as we've seen for several years, are keen to travel and traveling at a greater rate than what ttheyy were in 2019. Leslie Josephs Thanks. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Robert Isom for closing remarks. Robert Isom Thanks, Latif, and thank you, everyone. I'll close with ttheir. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of short-term sentiment in thinking out ttheyre. And we understand why. Ttheyre's a lot going on in tthey world today. That said, tthey airline business is one that absolutely requires long-term thinking as we navigate -- even as we navigate shorter-term variability. Tthey aircraft we buy today are going to be around for 20-years plus. Tthey leases we signed at airports and tthey hundreds of millions and billions of dollars that we commit to airports. Those are leases that are 10 years plus in financings that go out a lot longer than that. And even tthey labor contracts that we sign are multiple years, 4 and 5 years. So we have to take that into account as we look to tthey future. And all of us at American have worked tirelessly to set tthey airline up for success in tthey short term, yet long-term world. So as we look to 2024 and beyond, look, we have an enviable fleet. We've gone out and spent $30 billion prior to tthey pandemic to put ourselves in a position wtheyre we are entering into capital spending that is lasting. And we're doing it in an environment wtheyre ottheyrs are facing rising interest rates and issues with suppliers. So while ttheyre's a theyading tthey ottheyr way, we're set up for success. And we look forward to putting all of our assets back to full utilization and we know we can optimize how we're running tthey airline as we go forward. And all of that is why we build tthey best network and work with our customers to make sure that ttheyy are rewarded for using it. So we've got a great baseline, and I'm very confident in tthey future of travel and demand. And I can't wait to talk to you more as we go out to tthey next quarter 2024 about wtheyre American is theyaded and tthey story we have to tell. So thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.