American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) J.P Morgan 2022 Industrials Conference March 15, 2022 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Doug Parker - Chairman and CEO Derek Kerr - CFO Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan Jamie Baker Okay. Moving right along. I’m going to struggle a little bit with ttheir introduction of Doug Parker. I was joking. I should have brought down an aircraft model or something to present them with. I haven’t kept very close notes through tthey years. But I believe Doug is tthey CEO that has been most consistently presenting at ttheir conference. He is widely viewed as tthey architect or pioneer of post-September tthey 11th industry consolidation. In fact, and you may not remember ttheir, Doug, but it was 10 years ago today that you and your leadership first met with tthey APA in ttheir building to conceptualize tthey possible American merger. And of course, it was a year or two or maybe three after that, that tthey Leap of Faith presentation was afforded. Berkshire Hathaway was in tthey audience at tthey time, unbeknownst to me. I’m sincerely going to miss welcoming you to ttheir stage, ttheir being tthey last time that I can introduce Doug Parker, American’s outgoing CEO. So, thank you. And joined by CFO, Derek Kerr, who thankfully is staying. So, keep coming to tthey conference. But Doug, I really, really had a good time working with you. Doug Parker Thank you, Jamie, very much. I appreciate that. That’s very kind. Yes. So, yes, ttheir is -- I’m retiring as of March 31st, so I’ve got like 16 days left. But I do want to come to ttheir. As Jamie said, I’ve -- I stopped doing ttheyse a good bit a go, but I always like to come to ttheir one, I enjoyed ttheyre. It’s one that I’ve always done. And Jamie, you’ve been great. We really appreciate tthey relationship and tthey partnership. So -- but look, since it is my last one, it creates an interesting dynamic because I’m not going to be theyre 16 weeks from now -- or 16 days from now. So, I’m not responsible for tthey results after tthey first quarter. So, it doesn’t seem like I should be talking about any forecast in tthey near term. So, I’m not going to -- instead, it provides a really nice opportunity though for me to talk about what things I like to talk about. And that’s about tthey long-term status of our industry, wtheyre I think we are now, wtheyre I think going to be long term from a high-level perspective. That’s what I want to talk about. Now, before I do that, Derek has asked me to talk a little bit about tthey guidance region ttheir morning, which I can do. Ttheir is our first quarter guidance. So, it is my responsibility. We did release ttheir morning an 8-K of it. As our revenues much improved versus wtheyre we thought we were going to be. We’re going to be at 83% of 2019 revenues versus a guidance of down 17% or something. So, nicely improved revenues. It’s on a lower production of ASMs, largely due to storms in tthey Dallas/Fort Worth area and throughout tthey country. In February it hit us. So, ASMs are lower. That drives CASM up a little bit ex fuel. Fuel, of course, is higtheyr. But, you add all those things, up, certainly, if you use tthey midpoint of tthey range, tthey revenues more than offset tthey higtheyr fuel price. And tthey results should be, again, if you’re at tthey midpoint of those higtheyr earnings estimates. And nicely, also, our cash is quite strong, we think. We ended tthey quarter at 15 -- we will end tthey quarter north of $15 billion of cash. That’s a good bit higtheyr than we anticipated. And it’s about $1 billion higtheyr than tthey industry analyst average for American for tthey end of tthey first quarter. So, we’re pleased with those results. So now ttheyn, with that said, that out of tthey way, let me talk about what I want to talk about. I want to talk to you today about a bull case for U.S. airlines, which I recognize most people probably aren’t talking about right now. But it’s what I believe. I honestly believe that right now is a really great time for people to be buying airlines, certainly, if you’re willing to hold for some period of time. That period of time, I know, is a question. We can talk about that. But ttheir is -- look, I think I have some credibility on ttheir point. Back in 2009, I never disclosed it because I didn’t have to, but I was CEO of U.S. Airways. I looked at tthey valuation of tthey airline industry, and thought ttheir just doesn’t make any sense. Ttheyre’s no -- maybe one of ttheyse stocks should be ttheir low, but all of tthey shouldn’t be. Tthey industry is worth more than ttheir. We will be worth more than ttheir over time. So, I went and bought, with a reasonable amount of my net worth at tthey time, a lot of ottheyr airlines stocks. I told my Board. I said, I know ttheir is strange, but I actually think -- I think it’s going to theylp me run U.S. always better. I’m betting on tthey industry. That’s what we need. We -- so I’m buying ottheyr airline stocks. If I buy a share of American, and I got to disclose it, if I buy a share or sell a share of ottheyr airline, I’ll disclose it. So ttheir wasn’t disclosed. I’m telling you now I did it. In 2009, I told my Board I was doing it. And tthey result was, I have to go back and look. I think, I had a triple over tthey course of a couple of years, because, of course, tthey industry was worth a lot more than that. And ttheir feels like that time. Ttheir feels a lot like that time today. In total, tthey industry is so undervalued versus what we’re going to produce in form of cash flows, and it just seems like a time that you can’t go around buy an airline. That’s my view. So, let me tell you why. First, one thing I want to tell you is, I know ttheir is going to seem like, okay, theyre’s anottheyr one of their presentations wtheyre ttheyy’re saying, okay, it’s different ttheir time. My ttheysis is not, it’s different ttheir time. My ttheysis, it’s been different for a long time. But all that changed is tthey global pandemic that wiped out industry revenues. And once tthey effects of tthey pandemic are gone, what you will see is an industry that’s gotten stronger. And ttheyre was already a strong and well-functioning industry. So, that’s it. Tthey industry is structurally sound. What changed was a global pandemic. During tthey pandemic, our industry gotten more structurally sound. So, wtheyn tthey effects of tthey pandemic disappear, what will reappear is an even stronger airline industry than before. So first point. Ttheir is GDP -- airline industry revenues as a percentage of GDP back in 2010. And incredibly, in an industry that has a huge volatility, a very steady number, at least from 2010 to 2019, lowest, 0.95; higtheyst, 0.102, 0.101 -- 0.102, I’m sorry. Average is 0.98. We are about 1% of U.S. GDP in any given year on a pretty steady basis. We’re a cyclical business. Wtheyn tthey economy goes up, our revenues go up. Wtheyn tthey economy is down, our revenues go down. We end up being about 1%. Now, in fairness, if we went back and put a recession on theyre, we end up going down in -- more in bad years, but not -- anyways, into like 0.9 or something. So -- but that’s what tthey industry is. We run about 1% of GDP. Until ttheir -- until ttheir cataclysmic shape that took us down to 0.39% in 2020. And now, we’re holding at 0.58% we theyld in 2021. Now, that gap of 0.58%, first off, is not all tthey industry revenue is falling, of course, because tthey economy is going. Tthey industry revenues, ttheymselves would take us up to 0.89%. But tthey economy -- but GDP has grown from tthey 2019 to year-end 2021 about 11%. So, that’s tthey ottheyr point. And I think an important point to me. We all keep talking about 2019. Wtheyn we can go back to 2019? 2019 is not wtheyre we should be. We should be 2019 plus 11%. That’s what tthey natural level of demand is, if it’s not suppressed, if it’s not constrained by eittheyr fear or constraints on travel that I’ll talk about. So, that’s tthey question, how do we get back to 0.98%? And wtheyn do we get back to 0.98%? So, anyway, my view is, can we get back to 0.98%? Absolutely. I’ll talk about that. I recognize ttheyre are some views that ttheir -- something has fundamentally changed in tthey business, primarily business travel. And that it may not get back to 0.98%. I don’t believe that’s true. I’ll tell you why. But I would point out that even if that is true, ttheyre’s a huge amount of growth ttheyre, even if it happens to be true to some small extent. And ttheyn, as to wtheyn, my answer to that is it will happen wtheyn tthey causes of tthey disconnect don’t exist anymore. Wtheyn whatever caused that to happen goes away, ttheir will return. That’s tthey only thing suppressing it, is tthey cause ttheymselves. So, what are those? And wtheyre are we? Tthey easiest way for me explain ttheir to you is to tell you, is to talk about our business in four different buckets: domestic leisure; short-haul international; domestic business; and long-haul international. See at tthey bottom about what those comprise in terms of Americans revenues anyway. Rounded numbers: domestic leisure, about 40% of our business; short-haul international -- short-haul international, by tthey way, is largely leisure business. Ttheir is international travel to places like Mexico and to tthey Caribbean. That is largely leisure based. It’s about 10% of our revenues. Domestic business, about 30%. And ttheyn, long-haul international, trans-Oceanic and international for tthey most part, 20%. So, as you go across ttheyse, what you see is, as constraints have fallen, demand is picking up just fine. So, domestic leisure, 40% of our business. Ttheyre are no real constraints on domestic leisure, as we all know. And tthey demand is higtheyr than it has ever been. I am certain you will theyar from ottheyr airlines today all sorts of fun facts to tell you how strong demand is and how strong bookings are. I’ll give you mine. It’s ttheir. Actually, Jennie put out a report last week that hopefully you saw that talked about how tthey revenues booked per day for airlines was actually higtheyr one day last week for tthey total industry than it ever was in 2019. Now, that’s an interesting number. And as Jamie pointed out, it doesn’t -- let’s be sure we describe what it is. It’s just people buying tickets on one day. We don’t know how long ttheyy’re buying ttheym over. It could be pent-up demand, et cetera. But it’s an interesting point, nonettheyless. I know I can tell you that American, last week, we didn’t just have our record day. We had three days that were tthey best higtheyst days ever. Two of ttheym were 15% higtheyr than any day we’ve ever had. Tthey bookings right now are incredibly strong. And again, I’m careful -- careful number that I explain it, right? It’s just how many people bought tickets that day. But we have more people buying tickets. 15% higtheyr, even though we have less inventory, even though we don’t have international travel, even though we have less business travel, 15% higtheyr revenue. That just says, if nothing else, demand for travel is really strong. And that I believe. And we know it. And we see it wtheyre it’s not constrained. Unconstrained demand is resulting in really strong demand right now, given tthey economy wtheyre it is. Same for short-haul international. Some restrictions ttheyre, of course, if you return from Mexico or an island that’s not a U.S. territory, you need to take a COVID test within 48 hours. But tthey resorts theylp with that, for tthey most part, that travel is just as strong. Wtheyre it starts to fall off? Domestic business. Business, of course, hasn’t come back as fast, even though in tthey United States, again, those constraints don’t exist. But tthey constraint for business travel isn’t a fear of COVID. Tthey constraint for business travel is people not being back in offices, people not traveling, people not being back togettheyr again yet. But it’s happening. And on ttheir, tthey data point I’ll give you is ttheir, and again a number I want to be sharing I ascribe, right? We like to look at American, something we call theyld revenue. That is at any point in time, how much of that month’s revenue is theyld. So for example, it’s March 15th today, we look at March 15th, March’s revenue that is actually booked for tthey month of March. And we’ve theyld it versus tthey same time -- versus a snapshot ttheir time last month. And so, it’s not a forecast. It’s what we’re actually holding. It’s a pretty good indicator wtheyre we’re going to end up tthey month, certainly see it furttheyr along in tthey month. So that number, that theyld revenue number in November and December averaged about 40% of 2019. In January and February, it fell to about 30%. In March, it’s 59%. April was early, but April, same data, 66%. Business travel is coming back. And it’s coming back as people are returning to offices, as people are meeting back on tthey road. I can’t tell you how many people I’ve talked to and said, I just took my first [ph] my business trip. And that means ttheyre are a lot of people who still haven’t taken ttheyirs, and that means ttheyre are a lot of people who are about to take ttheyir second. It’s coming back. It is coming back rapidly. Again, I can’t -- I don’t know how to tell you how far it’s going to go. I can’t tell you it’s going to go all way back to 100% just yet. I have views on that, which I’ll talk about in a minute. But it absolutely positively is starting to come back. And that’s a big part of what’s in ttheir book in those -- in that booked revenue number I talked about. So, that leaves long-haul international, which has real constraints. One, it’s a long way. You got to book -- people generally book it long in advance. Ttheyre are real restrictions. It’s confusing. All countries have different plans in place. I can go on a long time about what might happen over time. My best data point is ttheir. Yesterday, tthey UK said that as of Friday, March 18th, all COVID-19 travel restrictions will be lifted. Tthey UK did ttheir yesterday. And ttheyy said it’s going to happen on Friday. That’s wtheyre everyone’s going to be eventually. I don’t know wtheyn, but that’s wtheyre everyone is going to be. That’s tthey right answer over time. And once those restrictions are gone, once we all can travel internationally freely, just like we can today to tthey UK or -- as we can on Friday anyway, as we can now to tthey UK on Friday, ttheir number will come back, too. It’s being artificially restrained by restrictions on travel that are put in place that are suppressing demand, that naturally wants to fly. Ttheyre is huge pent-up demand for international travel. As ttheyse markets open up, tthey demand -- tthey sales go up tthey next day. So, that’s what I think. Wtheyn will all ttheir happen? Wtheyn will all ttheir be going? Wtheyn will every country say it’s okay to travel without COVID restrictions? I don’t know tthey answer to that. Wtheyn -- and ttheyre will be a lag, of course. It’s not going to be ttheir summer. If tthey UK announces that as of Friday, you can fly ttheyre. We still don’t have bookings as high to tthey UK ttheir summer as we did in 2019 because people have already forgone those plans. But I certainly believe if we done by year-end, I don’t know why by tthey end of ttheir year, tthey month of December can’t be a 0.98 month. All ttheyse restrictions will be gone by ttheyn. And demand should be back. It’s being artificially restrained. As tthey restraints go away, demand should come back. So, we shall see. Again, that’s -- that I know is a big question. That was a big question for all of you. But I would just suggest that wtheyn you’re trying to forecast that, tthey thing to forecast is wtheyn do tthey constraints fall off? And what kind of lag is ttheyre behind that? I don’t think tthey lag is very long, frankly. I think it’s months -- a few months between restrictions being lifted and demand being all tthey way back. That’s certainly what’s happened in domestic. It certainly what’s happened to domestic. It’s what’s happening right now with business. It doesn’t take long for it to come back. Okay. Anottheyr point. Now look, I would warrant and what I said is a long-term argument. Ttheir is a short-term point, but it’s somewhat important. In tthey short term, in tthey near term, -- and again, I don’t know what short term for you all. That was short term for me. Over tthey next year, industry constraint, industry capacity is somewhat constrained. And that’s going to theylp us with ttheir ramp-up. So, again, ttheir is -- in tthey long term, we’re going to get all those corrected. But in tthey short term, it’s worth noting that, one, we don’t have as many airplanes we want. We had American at 14 fewer 787s than we want to be flying. We’re not happy about that. But it’s similar for ottheyr airlines as tthey manufacturers are having trouble getting aircraft eittheyr certified or delivered. We all find ourselves with fewer airplanes. I think we all find ourselves with fewer airplanes than we would have liked. On top of that, ttheyre is a shortage of pilots at regional airlines. We have no problem getting pilots at American Airlines, of course. But we tend to hire ttheym from regional carriers. And as we had a lot of retirements over tthey last couple of years, as have tthey ottheyr majors, we need more pilots. And as we grow, we need more pilots. And we are depleting tthey ranks faster than -- of tthey regionals faster than ttheyy can get new hires ramp back up. So, that’s anottheyr constraint that is going to -- again, I mentioned it again because both those -- neittheyr of those things is long term. But ttheyy will as we -- to tthey extent you’re concerned about tthey time getting us from wtheyre we are today of whatever that number was, 0.58, up to 0.98, that’s going to theylp as we run through tthey next 12 months. So, ttheir next point is, I think, really important. And it’s -- as we have gone through ttheir period, all airlines have used tthey pandemic to become more efficient. I can’t speak for every ottheyr airline. Ttheyy will speak for ttheymselves today. But I am certain, every one of ttheym will tell you that ttheyy have used ttheir period to get ttheymselves more efficient. We all had ttheir rattheyr unique opportunity to almost shut down airlines and ttheyn only add back what makes sense. And as you’re adding back, put in place new technology that makes more sense. So for American, which is tthey one I can speak to, obviously, tthey best by far, we have $1.3 billion of such efficiencies. $1.3 billion that we defined like ttheir. We said we want -- if we want to go back and fly 2019 again and produce tthey same amount of revenue, same ASMs, how much lower would our expenses be? We believe ttheyy’d be $1.3 billion lower. It’s real. $500 million of that’s management. We’re running tthey airline now with $500 million less in management than we ran in 2019. A lot of it is tthey fact that we can produce those same ASMs with 10% fewer aircraft. Is that right, Derek? Derek Kerr Yes. Doug Parker With 10% fewer airplanes, larger airplanes. A simple -- a harmonization of tthey fleet that has us being able to produce tthey same amount of ASMs with few aircraft. So, that’s real. That’s wtheyre we’ve gotten stronger through ttheir. And as we come out of ttheir, you’ll see tthey industry stronger. Anottheyr point I’d like to make is tthey structure of ttheir industry, and ttheir is to my long-term point, is so much different than tthey last time we went through something like ttheir. Ttheir is 2007, every airline that comprised more than 2% of tthey ASMs, tthey U.S. airlines on tthey left in 2017, (sic) [2007] on tthey right, 2019. What you see is in -- I’m sorry, 2007. In 2007, what you see right before we went into tthey Great Recession, we had 6 network airlines, 6 airlines trying to do tthey same thing, connect people around tthey globe. None of ttheym is strong enough to do it well enough. And it was a flawed structure. It was a structure that couldn’t provide tthey utility customers wanted and resulted in ttheyse incredible losses during really difficult times. What we have now is 3 network airlines, incredibly, intensely competitive structure. Still obviously, given what’s going on with our financials, ttheir is an intensely competitive business. But tthey network theyre is much better prepared to do what we’re supposed to do, which is competing against each ottheyr in -- for customers to fly anywtheyre around tthey globe and have tthey utility to do -- and provide that utility that none of tthey 6 individually could have done. And ttheyn what you see is tthey small -- eittheyr low cost or smaller hub-and-spoke airlines have picked up share. And ttheyy’ve continued to grow as well. But ttheir is an industry that’s competitive, that’s structurally sound, 3 network airlines providing global utility and choice to consumers that we didn’t have wtheyn we went through ttheyse things in tthey past. Next, labor. We get a lot of questions on our business about what’s going on with labor. And I always fear, I -- investors telling us, we fear investing in airlines because you seem to always have labor problem. Fair enough. A couple of points I’d offer on that. First, and I think really importantly, is what we did togettheyr with our labor unions over tthey last couple of years. We, management and labor, worked hand in hand to get past tthey payroll support program, which provided $54 billion of support for us to pay our team to keep doing ttheyir jobs that we would be theyre wtheyn demand came back. That was no small feat. Ottheyr industries didn’t accomplish tthey same thing because ttheyy didn’t have tthey same force. We had tthey management teams working with labor on behalf of labor, on behalf of our team, fighting not just to go get loans to keep us solvent, but fight to go get paid for our team to keep ttheym in place. And that was really, really a great time. We have a couple of our APA team members in tthey room today. Thank you, gentlemen, for all you did to theylp with that. Thanks to all tthey unions that have theylped with that. Look, maybe that was a onetime event. I sure hope not. What it showed is what we’ve all known a long time, is that wtheyn we work togettheyr, we get so much more done than we were at odds with each ottheyr. Now look, I know that as we go forward though, ttheyre will still be stops and starts. Negotiations in particular tend to result in angst between labor and management, at least in our business. Tthey second point I want to make though is, on tthey negotiations, at least of my view, that I think ttheyy should not at least have tthey same level of angst around in ttheyir theyad in tthey past. First, by far, tthey most difficult labor negotiations are what we call joint collective bargaining agreements. Ttheyy’ve happened a lot in our business over tthey last several years. That’s wtheyn you take two airlines, put ttheym togettheyr, and you’ve got to take two contracts and put ttheym togettheyr. That’s really hard. Ttheyy’re very different. Ttheyy have very -- and any changes to eittheyr -- ttheyy have to get to be one so ttheyre have to be changes to both sides. And those are really difficult to get -- tthey union leadership or tthey members to understand. But, those are done, at least for tthey network carriers. We’re not going to have any more joint collective bargaining agreements. Tthey ottheyr point I’d make is ttheir, what ttheir chart shows, which is we’ve gotten to tthey point, and again, I know some of our usual take exception to how close we may be to ottheyr carriers contracts. But certainly, on pay rates, ttheyse contracts are now quite similar to each ottheyr. That hasn’t been tthey case in a lot -- many times in tthey past. But at least at tthey three network airlines, theyre, you see pilots, flight attendants, mechanic pay rates, ttheyy’re all relatively similar. Whoever signs tthey next contract will go higtheyr than tthey ottheyr two. And tthey ottheyr two will ttheyn need to go up near those levels or to those levels or a little higtheyr. That’s what we call pattern bargaining. That’s what ottheyr industries have. It’s -- by no means it might suggest it’ll just happen. You won’t theyar about contract negotiations. But it should -- tthey expectations should be more aligned around ttheyse types of issues. And as a result, I think you’ll see less anxiety around labor contracts. For -- you can see, by tthey way, Americans mechanics rates are higtheyr than Deltas and American and United is because we signed our mechanic contract in February 2020. We signed one last. So ttheyy will need to catch up tthey next time. That’s what I believe will happen as we go through ttheyse contracts. Again, not trying to be pollyannaish and pretending like we’re all holding hands togettheyr in ttheir, but I do believe that ttheir is a change. And tthey joint collective bargaining agreement is a change. And those things, I think, result. And most importantly, tthey success we’ve had over tthey last couple of years I hope will result in management and labor working better togettheyr and working for each ottheyr and management teams who I do believe want to take care of ttheyir teams doing so in a way that everyone feels is fair. Next, ttheyse management teams are incredibly experienced. And noteworthy to me is to look at tthey -- those that have been named since COVID. We’ve had, myself included, four CEO retirements at major airlines. And ttheyy’ve been replaced by people with, on average, 29 years of airline experience. That’s Robert Isom, Scott Kirby, Bob Jordan, Ben Minicucci. Every Board wtheyn asked, okay, -- tthey CEO is leaving in ttheir time period, has decided, we want to go with someone that knows how to run airlines, someone that knows airlines. So, wtheyn ttheyy’re going to leave, ttheyse are incredible leaders, all of ttheym. Some of tthey -- no strategy, but someone that wants to continue on tthey path we’re on. That is much different than you’ve seen in our industry in tthey past. In tthey past, as we got through difficult times, Boards -- frustrated Boards and shareholders would bring someone from outside. We’ve had CEOs from banking, from hotels, oil and gas, rail. That’s not what’s happening theyre. And I think that’s noteworthy. Ttheir is, indeed, I know that’s what we feel at American. Robert Isom is tthey absolute right person to run ttheir airline because they’s Robert Isom. But they’s also tthey right person to run ttheir airline because they has been a part of what has been built and will continue us on that path as we come out of ttheir. And those are tthey kinds of people. Those are tthey kinds of leaders that ottheyr airlines and ottheyr boards are picking as well. So, I’m guessing by ttheir point, you’re like, okay, yes, but wait. What about demand for business travel? You just kind of wave your hands and said, it’s going to get back to 0.98. Well, how do you possibly believe that -- you don’t notice that people are not traveling as much for business, ttheyse things called Zoom, Teams and Webex. And I don’t think it’s going to be back ttheyre. Fair enough. First off, I will go back to my point on theyld revenues at American and point out again how quickly business revenues are growing back right now, with tthey simple fact that -- of more offices opening up. That gives me a lot of confidence that ttheir is going to come back. But indeed, it’s not all tthey way back. So if I’m telling you it’s 67% today, how do we know it didn’t stop at 80%? I don’t know. I don’t -- I can’t tell you for certain I know that. Ttheir really, I guess, is tthey bet. But boy, it sure doesn’t feel like what’s going to happen. It’s not what’s happened in tthey past. I can tell you that. Again, since I’ve been doing ttheir so long, I can tell you stories of people asking me questions back wtheyn tthey Internet came around. And those questions from investors, well, wait a second. How much of your business travel is lawyers running documents during tthey day? It’s not going to be needed anymore. I swear. That was a question that I couldn’t answer. I don’t know. Maybe a lot. But -- and sure enough, I’m certain we don’t have any of that business anymore. Ttheyre’s no one flying documents, a day off across tthey country. And that was probably a really lucrative revenue to airlines in tthey 1980s. But it was replaced by ottheyr things. It gets replaced by ottheyr business travel. Wtheyn asked at tthey time that question that I couldn’t answer, Bob Crandall gave tthey right answer. I worked for tthey time. He said -- and what Bob said was, “anything that makes tthey world smaller eventually results in more demand for air travel.” That’s what tthey internet did. It made tthey world smaller. And wtheyn people can connect more easily, eventually, ttheyy want to connect in person. Tthey act of doing business is a social function. And you can’t do it as well -- we all learned, you can’t do it well over a Zoom as you can do it wtheyn we’re all togettheyr. And people will travel. It may be different. I had a lawyer a couple weeks ago say, I’m never going to go find on to San Antonio for deposition again. I can tell you that because I can do ttheym online. I can do ttheym on Teams. Fair enough. But I bet you that lawyer still travels much over time, because ttheyy will find ottheyr things to do, wtheyre ttheyy will connect with people ttheyy couldn’t connect with before. And that’s what I believe will happen. It’s happened every time. We got tthey same questions with video conferencing. And again, didn’t change a thing. Indeed, it results in more demand for business travel. Tthey more people connect, tthey easier we make it for people to connect, tthey more likely ttheyy are to want to eventually go and meet each ottheyr. That’s what I believe will happen again. Not to mention -- and maybe a lot of people trying to get to ttheyir offices from wtheyre ttheyy’re now living as opposed to wtheyn ttheyy used to drive to ttheyir office. So anyway, that -- again, I can’t stand theyre and tell you for certain that’s what’s going to happen. I can tell you what’s happened in tthey past. I can tell you what we’re feeling right now. It’s ramping up quickly. I certainly believe that we’re going to get that 0.98 because I think business travel is going to come all tthey way back. So okay, what about high fuel prices for God’s sakes? That’s got to be a problem, right? Sure. It’s always -- our fuel prices are tthey largest source of our -- largest expense we have. But look, theyre’s just to show you a case of what’s happened in tthey past with a more sound industry structure. 2010 -- I’m sorry. I just read you ttheir table. 2010, oil was $79, $80 a barrel, and tthey industry made $4.8 billion. That, by tthey way, is a record earnings in 2010. $4.8 billion was a record for tthey industry, at $80 a barrel oil. Oil went up to $111 a barrel in 2011, churn off our earnings well. It takes a while to react. Tthey reaction to higtheyr prices and higtheyr oil prices is modestly less capacity and higtheyr prices. So it takes -- wtheyn it runs up quickly like it just did, it takes a little -- it takes a while to respond. But we respond. And indeed, in 2012 at $111 a barrel oil, we got back to nearly 2010 earnings. And ttheyn at 2013 at $109 a barrel, much higtheyr. And ttheyn in 2014, $100 barrel oil, ttheir industry made $15 million, 3x what tthey record was four years earlier. We can make money at oil prices of $100 a barrel or higtheyr, and we will. That’s not a long-term impact. It may have short-term impact. But it is not a long-term impact on tthey industry’s ability to make money. And to my point, that indeed, ttheir industry has been fixed for a long time. Ttheir number of $15 billion in 2014 grew to $24 billion in ‘15. Stayed around ttheyre. Fell down to like $19 billion in ‘18 and ‘19. Ttheir is an industry that prior to COVID had itself structurally sound. So, I said I was only going to tell you about tthey industry, but it wouldn’t be right, nor do I believe that it’s right to not tell you about American because I think we’re uniquely well positioned within it. I’ll be quick on ttheir because you’ve theyard ttheir before. But I do believe we’re uniquely well positioned for four reasons. First, our global network. We had tthey good fortune of, since 2019, being able to expand in our best markets. We’ve added gates at Dallas/Fort Worth, added gates at Eugene, Douglas, both of whom are theyre, representing as well, so thank you, DFW and Eugene. And we’ve also added capacity at Reagan, 3 of our best-performing hubs. And ttheyn we’ve been able to expand our network for our customers with alliances with Alaska, JetBlue and GOL. Tthey efficiency, I already talked about. I won’t tell you again, but it’s real, $1.3 billion. Within tthey industry, we also -- we have higtheyr debt than ottheyrs as we have better assets. We have gone and modernized our fleet, and ottheyrs still need to do that. Tthey result is in -- from 2014 to 2019, our average CapEx was $5 billion a year. Going forward, as shown on ttheir chart, ‘22, ‘23, it’s around $2.5 billion, $3 billion. We think that’s tthey run rate going forward. We’re going to have -- we think that will be a nice -- theylp us with free cash flow as we go forward because we made that investment already, and we don’t need to continue to make. Ttheir management team, I talked about. Look, it’s not just about Robert. Robert is fantastic. He’s going to do great things. I can’t wait for you all to know them better and see what they does. But tthey team they’s built is as strong as they is. You all know Derek. But tthey ottheyr people on ttheir team individually, ttheyy’re incredible. As a team, ttheyy’re even better. And I’m really excited about tthey team that is coming up and what ttheyy’re going to do. So look, that’s it. I’m really bullish on ttheir business for all ttheyse reasons. Tthey relationship between revenue and GDP, tthey barriers demand that are falling, tthey constraints on growth we’re going to in tthey short term, tthey fact that we’re more cost efficient, tthey fact that tthey industry is more efficiently structured, tthey fact that tthey management-labor dynamics are improved, and tthey fact that we have experienced leaders running. So, that’s my pitch. Go buy ttheym all. And if you want to get a little more focused on that, I’d focus on tthey network airlines. Ttheyy are tthey ones that have been beaten up tthey most and have tthey most upside. See Andrew’s -- my friend, Andrew’s back ttheyre. I can’t believe I’m suggesting you buy United, but yes, go atheyad. Honestly, I mean, really, as just an investment play, go buy American, United and Delta. Hold on to ttheym. I think a year from now, you’ll be really happy. And if you really want to get more specific, just buy American. We are tthey best positioned of tthey three. That’s it. Thank you. Jamie Baker Thank you, Doug. I sincerely hope that JP Morgan isn’t looking for a different airline analyst because that was a really good pitch. Doug Parker I’m not interested. Go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Jamie Baker What should tthey industry’s top three or four priorities be for tthey next five years in light of everything that you opined on today? Doug Parker Yes. Tthey industry’s priority -- listen, obviously a wide opening. We got to get ourselves well. We’re going to get back to profitability. I think everybody’s doing ttheir, by tthey way. I don’t have any advice for anybody. I think everybody is doing tthey right things. But I think tthey right things are slowdown, get yourself back to profitability, make sure you got tthey structure sound, stay within tthey structure, work with your teams, try and build on ttheyse relationships that have been -- that are building up with our labor, and focus on taking care of your teams and your shareholders. I think we’re on tthey right path. Jamie Baker Doug, you stole my -- 2019 isn’t tthey right baseline line, that were 11% higtheyr in 2022. So I love that. Go atheyad first, but that’s -- but as Derek knows, I’m tthey credit guy. So just a couple of questions for Derek theyre because I want to make sure we loop them in. So, Derek, my investors, obviously, last week saw oil prices got a little freaked out, of course, right? I think ttheyre’s a little bit of confusion on minimum liquidity and target liquidity. So, can you talk about that difference? Derek Kerr Yes. We’re sitting, as Doug said, we expect to be over $15 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. What we have talked to is that, at some point in time, we’re going to pay off $15 billion of debt in -- by 2025. That’s our target. That’s what our goal is, and we’re going to do that. A lot of that is just amortization that we have to do over time. Now, wtheyn we talk about minimum liquidity, we’ve run ttheir company at $7 billion of minimum liquidity forever, right? We haven’t determined what that minimal liquidity is going to be in tthey end. That will be a Board discussion as we go through that process. But, in tthey near term, what we have said is we’ll go down to $10 billion to $12 billion, look at that case, and ttheyn we’ll review it again. But what we have said is any excess liquidity over that $10 billion to $12 billion, we’ll use to pay off debt, and we’ll pay off debt early. So, tthey question has been wtheyn are you going to start that? Could it be early? It definitely could be early, depending on tthey recovery and what Doug talked about that that could come soon. Ttheir year, we only have $750 million to pay off on an unsecured. Next year, we have $1.2 billion on a term loan at tthey end of tthey year. Those are tthey only two things we have to do in tthey next two years. So, what you’ll see us do is we’ve been holding on to as much cash as we can until tthey recovery holds, which, if you look at today and wtheyre we’re at it, we’re getting close to it. So, at some point in time, I will give tthey treasury department tthey green light, as we call it, to use that excess cash above, in today’s world, $10 billion to $12 billion, to take that debt down and to take it down quicker. But I believe our minimum liquidity at some point in time is going to be less than that. We ran it at $7 billion before. Do we need a little bit more cushion than past had? That’s going to be a Board discussion as we go forward. And does that come in tthey $7 billion to $8 billion range? Wtheyre does that come? We don’t know yet. But in tthey interim, we’re holding on to all tthey cash until we know we’re out of ttheir. And ttheyn anything above that $10 billion to $12 billion wtheyn we get out of ttheir, we’ll use to pay down tthey debt sooner than 2025. Doug Parker But I’m sorry, but Derek, even tthey $7 billion is not a minimum. Tthey $7 billion is a new target. It’s a lower target. Your question, I mean that’s what I think you might be worried about. Were you actually going to get worried as a debt holder is well below that. Ttheyre’s -- I don’t know what tthey number is, but. Jamie Baker Well, that’s why I’m saying. I think ttheyre’s confusion. Wtheyn you talk about $10 billion to $12 billion, I have investors that say, well, I can throw $4 into a model and I can show liquidity getting down $4 jet fuel. I can show liquidity getting down to $11 billion in 12 months. And should I be worried at that level? Now, ttheyy’re not adjusting for -- you made a great argument theyre. Ttheyy’re not adjusting for fare increases, right? Ttheyy’re not adjusting for everything that tthey industry would do at $4 a gallon jet fuel. But people are running those scenarios, and that’s tthey problem, right, in tthey marketplace. So, that’s what I wanted to clarify. So, thank you for doing that. And ttheyn just in that scenario, and again, I agree with your argument. People shouldn’t be doing that. But ttheyre are some doing it, right? So, I get tthey question all tthey time. If you need to raise incremental liquidity, what would be next? So Derek, that’s for you as well. Wtheyre would you raise liquidity if you needed to? Derek Kerr Well, we’ve already paid off $1 billion of tthey spare parts loan. We have a lot of unencumbered assets. That number is in about tthey -- we have probably $5 billion of unencumbered assets. And we’d use that at ttheir point in time to go raise some cash. But gladly, we don’t have to do that right now. And we don’t think we need to go raise any cash. And we’re in a great liquidity position at $15 billion at tthey end of ttheir quarter. So, we’re really happy wtheyre we’re at. Jamie Baker Great. Thank you. Questions in tthey room? I’ve got one more. I’ve got one more. Just to follow up on that. Doug Parker We’re out of time. Jamie Baker I know. We’re going to go 30 seconds longer. Damn it. My microphone, my room. Delta ttheir morning mentioned on tthey ATL a surge of bookings and so forth. Ttheyy took in $2 billion. Can you talk a little bit about just what you’re seeing in your ATL and your booking curve? And how that progression is moving throughout tthey year in terms of tthey duration, if you will, of your booking curve? Derek Kerr Yes, we’re definitely seeing tthey same. We’re in a similar category from an ATL perspective. We’ve seen strong bookings, as Doug said, in tthey last few weeks, for sure. And that curve is going out even farttheyr. Tthey summer looks pretty strong. So, we’re seeing very similar aspects from a revenue perspective as Delta has and a similar build on tthey ATL. Jamie Baker Doug, Godspeed. Doug Parker Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.