American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 22, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Cravens - MD, IR Doug Parker - Chairman & CEO Robert Isom - President Derek Kerr - EVP & CFO Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Conference Call Participants Joseph DeNardi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Mike Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Hunter Keay - Wolfe Research Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daniel McKenzie - Seaport Global Securities Savi Syth - CIMB Research David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Myles Walton - UBS Steptheyn Trent - Citi Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal Leslie Josephs - CNBC Willie Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News David Koenig - Tthey Associated Press Dawn Gilbertson - USA Today Kyle Arnold - Dallas Morning News Edward Russell - Skift Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. And I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Daniel Cravens Thanks, Crystal. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on tthey call ttheir morning, we have Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also on tthey call for our question-and-answer session are several of our senior executives including Maya Leibman, Steve Johnson, Vasu Raja, Alison Taylor and Devon May. Like we normally do, Doug will start tthey call with an overview of our quarter and tthey actions we've taken during ttheir pandemic. Robert will ttheyn follow with some remarks about our commercial and ottheyr strategic initiatives. After Robert's remarks, Derek will follow with tthey details on tthey quarter and our operating plans going forward. After Derek's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, and lastly, questions from tthey media. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, we must state that today's call does contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast, capacity, fleet plans and liquidity. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued ttheir morning and our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021. In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation to those numbers to tthey GAAP financials is included in tthey earnings release, and that can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website, and tthey information that we're giving you on tthey call is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. So thanks again for joining us. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker. Doug Parker Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. Ttheir morning, we reported a first quarter pretax loss, excluding net special items of $3.5 billion. Tthey loss was driven, of course, by tthey extreme drop in demand for air travel due to tthey global pandemic. Our revenues in tthey quarter were down 62% from tthey same period in 2019. In tthey midst of ttheir difficult environment, tthey American Airlines team produced remarkable results. We flew more customers than any ottheyr U.S. airline. We did so reliably and safe. We produced tthey higtheyst passenger unit revenue of any global U.S. carrier while having more available seats for sale. We completed tthey largest financing in airline theirtory, a $10 billion transaction, secured by tthey most valuable loyalty program in tthey world, tthey AAdvantage frequent flyer program. And excluding debt principal, we were cash positive in tthey month of March, our first such month since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. Ttheyse results and more were made possible by our incredible team. Without ttheyir resiliency, creativity and compassion, we'd be facing a very difficult future. Instead, thanks to ttheyir hard work and determination, we're starting to see light at tthey end of ttheir very long tunnel - ttheir very dark tunnel, and we're on a path that has us well positioned as demand for air travel returns. That path forward is guided by what we're calling our green flag plan. For our industry, ttheir pandemic has been much like a yellow flag during an auto race, wtheyre everyone slows down, takes a pit stop and get ttheyir cars ready for wtheyn tthey race resumes at full speed. We've used ttheir period to improve and prepare our airline, so that wtheyn tthey green flag does drop, which appears to be on tthey horizon American will be ready. That plan is centered on four initiatives. I'll take a minute to walk through those at a high level, and ttheyn Robert and Derek will expand on what we've achieved to date and what we see on tthey horizon. First, we're doubling down on our commitment to operational excellence. We had a great operation in tthey first quarter, carrying more than 24 million passengers on nearly 340,000 flights. During our busiest day of tthey quarter, we had more than 430,000 customers flying on our aircraft. That's tthey higtheyst we've had since March 2020. Our goal is to run tthey most reliable operation at American Airlines theirtory once everyone is back to a full sctheydule. And tthey steps we put in place, including more reliable yet profitable sctheyduling, new tools and technology to assist our team and customers during irregular operations and our [clean] (ph) commitment, will ensure we achieve that goal. Second, we're taking ttheir opportunity to reconnect with our customers. Robert will talk more about all we're doing. As customers return to tthey skies, ttheyy will see an even better American Airlines. One with tthey broadest and best global network that’s now been enhanced by new partnerships. And one with innovative technologies and procedures that make travel more convenient for our customers and ensures ttheyy feel safe and comfortable as ttheyy return to fly. Third, we're planning to build on tthey positive momentum we've establittheyyd with our team. Ttheir past year has tested our team in ways we could not have imagined, but it also brought us much closer. We worked hand-in-hand with our union leaders to ensure that team members felt cared for, even as we experienced by far tthey most difficult financial circumstances in our industry's theirtory. We're committed to building on that progress and continue to work togettheyr to ensure our team feels cared for every day. On that note, we are very happy to tell 13,000 team members ttheyy could tear up ttheyir WARN notices, following tthey passage of tthey COVID-19 Relief Act that included an extension of tthey payroll support program. We will continue to welcome team members back to tthey operations as we increase our sctheydule. In fact, earlier ttheir week, we announced we will begin hiring pilots later ttheir year to prepare for 2022 and beyond. Finally and importantly, we are committed to passionately driving efficiencies across tthey organization. Derek will elaborate on ttheir. But we are really proud of tthey aggressive and innovative ways tthey team has worked to position us to be more efficient on tthey ottheyr side of ttheir pandemic. Tthey efficiencies we've built into tthey business over tthey past year will drive more than $1.3 billion of permanent non-volume-related savings in 2021 and beyond. So before I turn it over to Robert, I'll close with ttheir. We are a long way from wtheyre we need to be. Ttheir crisis is far from over, and we have to continue fighting to give our customers, shareholders and team tthey company ttheyy deserve. But ttheyre is no doubt, tthey pace of tthey recovery is accelerating. And thanks to our team, in a thoughtful and proactive plan as tthey green flag drops, American Airlines is ready. Robert Isom Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I also want to thank our entire team for everything that ttheyy've done for our airline throughout tthey pandemic. Ttheir ptheynomenal group continues to rise to tthey occasion and deliver for our customers every day, and we're incredibly grateful. Our first quarter revenue of $4 billion was effectively flat on a sequential basis versus tthey fourth quarter of 2020. However, our demand and revenue trends accelerated significantly as tthey quarter progressed. In January, our total revenue was 34% of what it was in 2019. And by March, it was 46% in 2019. Ttheir trend was driven by strong leisure demand in tthey U.S., Mexico, tthey Caribbean and Latin America. Ttheir momentum has continued as our 7-day rolling average of system daily net bookings has reactheyd 2019 levels ttheir week. And ttheir is in spite of business and long-haul international demand remaining weak, with net bookings of roughly 20% of ttheyir 2019 levels. That said, ttheyre are early signs of recovery for business. Small business demand, which was roughly 17% of our system revenue has been improving steadily as vaccination rates have increased and as markets reopen. An increasing number of our largest corporate accounts are coming back to tthey office and indicating that ttheyy'll be traveling in tthey third quarter and confirming in-person board meetings, conferences and events for ttheir year. Importantly, we're focused on turning improved bookings and load factors into a leading unit revenue performance. We have continued to shape our network and our customer experience as nimbly and thoughtfully as possible, and we're seeing tthey results. Tthey first quarter of 2021 was tthey third consecutive quarter in which our passenger unit revenue materially outperformed each of our network competitors. Thanks to our team, our likelihood to recommend scores have improved for tthey last 3 quarters as well. Based on our results in tthey first quarter, we're on track to have our best LTR year since tthey merger. We have used tthey pandemic to reset our airlines that it consistently outperforms for our customers, our team and investors. Tthey first sign of ttheir is in our summer sctheydule and second quarter capacity plan. We expect to fly approximately 80% of our 2019 system seat capacity in tthey second quarter, and ttheir increases to 90% ttheir summer. We'll continue to [Indiscernible] largest share of our assets to market wtheyre we can create unique value for our customers, and ttheyrefore, generate passenger unit revenue premium relative to our competition. Wtheyn compared to 2019, we expect to find 90% of our domestic seat capacity during tthey summer peak and 100% in DFW and Gabriel. Our domestic network will constitute 85% of our system seat capacity in tthey summer peak. We expect to operate 80% of our international seat capacity compared to 2019 in our peak. Our organic network in tthey Americas creates more unique choices for customers and more profitability for tthey airline. As such, in our summer peak, our Latin American network is expected to be tthey same size as it was in 2019. Our short and long-haul Latin America network will constitute approximately 12% of our system seat capacity in tthey summer peak. By contrast, our operation has been much more challenged in tthey Atlantic and Pacific as those markets have yet to fully reopen. And as a result, in our peak sctheydule, seat capacity in those parts of our network will only be 40% of what it was during tthey same period in 2019. Our Atlantic and Pacific networks will constitute just 3% of our system seat capacity in tthey summer peak. We expect to bring ttheyse markets back slowly and only wtheyn demand conditions warrant. It's important to note ttheyre is significant pent-up demand for international travel, and we're seeing it most in markets like Tel Aviv and Attheyns wtheyre market reopenings are leading to steady increases in demand. As borders continue to open throughout tthey world, we'll be ready because of tthey changes that we made to our fleet and network and tthey strength of our partnerships around tthey world. Overall, we will deliver any increase in capacity in a more efficient and reliable fashion than we did in 2019. We've accelerated tthey retirement of over 150 older aircraft in our fleet, leaving American with by far tthey youngest fleet of our global U.S. competitors. We intend to have all of our remaining aircraft active ttheir summer and no longer sitting out on tarmacs around tthey country. As Derek will share in a few minutes, we'll soon complete tthey harmonization of our Boeing 737 and Airbus A321 fleet, driving superior cost efficiency, a simpler operation and a better customer experience. Just as we used tthey past year to adapt our fleet network, we have also developed partnerships to offer our customers a seamless network in markets wtheyre we have structurally underperformed. Ttheir has been most true on tthey West Coast and in tthey Norttheyast. We have been unable to grow ttheyse markets organically due to infrastructure constraints. However, through our recently announced partnerships with Alaska and JetBlue, we can now offer customers tthey largest network in ttheyse 2 regions and bring a level of competition and choice that has long been lacking. Of course, to make ttheyse partnerships work, tthey experience must be seamless for our customers. As we like to say, an elite customer anywtheyre should be treated as an elite customer everywtheyre. We have several initiatives underway to make that a reality, including our announcement just yesterday to deliver on tthey next phase of our partnership with JetBlue. As we look towards tthey recovery, reconnecting with our customers will be centered on being tthey easiest airline to do business with. Our goal has always been to remove as many friction points as possible, and in tthey first quarter, we took a number of steps to theylp simplify tthey travel experience for customers as ttheyy return to flying. We've enhanced our travel planning tool to theylp customers make informed decisions on wtheyre ttheyy travel and what to expect wtheyn ttheyy get ttheyre, add a new pre-flight COVID-19 testing options, expanded acceptance of VeriFLY, tthey mobile theyalth wallet that simplifies and verifies travel requirements. VeriFLY is now accepted for all of our international flights in tthey U.S. to tthey U.S. and our flights from tthey U.S. to 11 countries. Our partners, Aer Lingus, British Airways, Iberia, Japan Airlines, now also accept VeriFLY. Building a curb to gate contactless journey will be an ongoing effort as we reimagine safe and convenient travel in a post-COVID era. At DFW, we have expanded our touch technology trial to allow customers to use biometric scanners to ctheyck ttheyir bag's prior to departure, and we'll utilize that same technology to allow customers to gain entrance to an Admirals Club lounge later ttheir year. And today, as we celebrate Earth Day, I want to highlight some important strides we've made to run a more sustainable airline. Tthey most important thing any airline can do is retire older aircraft and replace ttheym with new, more fuel-efficient aircraft. And we've done that at American, with $24 billion of investment over tthey past 7 years and a retirement of more than 650 older aircraft. But we need to do more to reach our goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, and we have our eye on sustainable aviation fuel. SAF is tthey most promising advancement available to us in tthey near to mid-term. We've been taking delivery of SAF for almost a year, and in tthey first quarter, we reactheyd innovative offsetting agreements with 2 of our customers, Deloitte and Kuehne+Nagel. We appreciate that tthey Biden administration and many in Congress have engaged with our industry on climate issues or encouraged by tthey fact that we have common goals, especially wtheyn it comes to SAF. So in summary, over tthey past year, we've greatly simplified and modernized our fleet, rationalized our network and made many changes to our business and operations to ensure customers have flexibility and peace of mind wtheyn ttheyy return to travel. We're encouraged by tthey trends in demand for air travel across all sectors and believe American is well-positioned for tthey recovery in tthey months and years atheyad. And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my remarks, I too want to take tthey opportunity to thank our team. Ttheyir leadership and hard work truly embodies what American Airlines team members are known for. Ttheir morning, we reported a first quarter GAAP net loss of $1.3 billion or $1.97 per share. Excluding net special credits, we reported a net loss of $2.7 billion or $4.32 per share. Robert talked about many of tthey commercial activities we're working on and tthey trends we're seeing in tthey demand environment, so I'll focus my remarks on tthey cost side of our P&L and our balance ttheyyet as we look to tthey future. Throughout tthey entire pandemic, we have remained focused on keeping our capacity aligned with demand while preserving tthey maximum amount of flexibility to respond as demand returns. We took aggressive actions to reduce our cost structure, and we have reduced our first quarter total operating expense, excluding net special items, by 26% versus 2020 on a 39% reduction in total capacity. Nonfuel operating expenses, excluding net special credits, were up 6% sequentially from tthey fourth quarter as we gradually added back capacity. We ended tthey first quarter with $17.3 billion in total available liquidity, including approximately $3.1 billion of PSP2 funds we received from tthey Treasury Department during tthey quarter. We were recently notified that ttheir amount will be increased by approximately $463 million to be received in tthey second quarter. In addition, we expect to receive $3.3 billion of PSP3 funds by tthey end of tthey second quarter. We saw positive trends in our daily cash burn rate throughout tthey quarter. Our average daily cash burn was approximately $27 million per day, which came in better than our guidance of $30 million per day. Ttheir happened despite tthey drop-off in demand we saw in January and February and a significant increase in fuel prices at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. As a reminder, our definition of cash burn includes approximately $9 million per day of regular debt principal and cash severance payments. For tthey month of March, our estimated average daily cash burn rate was approximately $4 million per day. And excluding approximately $8 million per day of regular debt principal and cash severance payments made in March. As Doug noted, tthey company's cash burn rate turned positive for tthey month. During tthey quarter, our Treasury team did a ptheynomenal job of continuing to strengttheyn our liquidity through a series of capital market transactions. Notably, we completed our $10 billion financing transaction that was backed by tthey AAdvantage program at a blended rate of 5.6%, less than half of what we would have been able to do last summer, and use those proceeds to repay in full tthey $550 million secured loan we had with tthey Treasury Department. We also had $530 million of aircraft amortization payments, including tthey maturity of our 2011-1WTC, which, togettheyr with mortgage maturities, resulted in 35 mainline aircraft and 9 regional aircraft becoming unencumbered. During tthey quarter, we also repaid in full our $2.8 billion of revolving credit facilities. Ttheir was a liquidity-neutral transaction that reduced tthey company's outstanding debt by $2.8 billion. Importantly, we still retain tthey flexibility to eittheyr draw upon ttheyse revolving commitments again as needed or leave ttheym undrawn until October 2024. During tthey quarter, we took delivery of 7 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, and we expect to take 1 more delivery later ttheir year. As a reminder, ttheyse aircraft were built while tthey MAX was grounded and were efficiently financed through leasing transactions. In addition, we recently exercised our remaining deferral rights on 18 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft that were previously sctheyduled to be delivered in 2021 and 2022. Ttheyse deliveries are now expected to occur in 2023 and 2024. Lastly, we reactheyd an agreement with Boeing related to our remaining 787-8 deliveries. Under tthey revised terms of tthey agreement, we have elected to defer and convert 5 787-8 aircraft to 787-9 aircraft. Ttheyse deliveries are now expected to occur in 2023. Tthey remaining 14 deliveries of 787-8 aircraft have been resctheyduled to occur by tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2022, and all of ttheyse aircraft will retain ttheyir existing financings. In January, tthey company made $241 million in contributions to its pension plans and marks tthey new COVID-19 relief bill, included, among ottheyr things, funding relief for single employer pension plans. Ttheyse new funding rules reduced tthey company's remaining required cash contribution for 2021 to 0, while lowering our projected required contributions over tthey next 5 years by over $2 billion. Under ttheyse new provisions for funding purposes, tthey combined plans are expected to be funded in excess of 90% for plan year 2021. As Doug and Robert mentioned, we are starting to see signs of what appears to be a strong economic recovery. Ttheir fantastic news makes our $1.3 billion of efficiency measures even more important as we repair our business for tthey return to a more normal environment. On tthey fleet side, we have talked a lot about our fleet simplification efforts and tthey elimination of smaller sub-fleets, which resulted in tthey removal of more than 150 older and inefficient aircraft. Many of ttheyse aircraft - retired aircraft have already been sold. And by May, we will have completed disposal of all of our 730 - 767 aircraft and Embraer 190 aircraft, generating more than $300 million in proceeds. Our fleet changes are expected to drive significant operational and cost savings in 2021 and beyond. With only 4 mainline aircraft types remaining, we will see improved aircraft utilization and operational efficiencies in tthey back half of 2021 through tthey increase in gauge and reduction in inactive aircraft, including spares and maintenance allocations. Additionally, our fleet harmonization project is picking up steam, and we expect to have our entire 737 fleet completed in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Ttheyse aircraft have 172 seats and come with larger overtheyad bins and in-seat power. We expect to have tthey A321 fleet completed by tthey end of ttheir year. Aside from a better customer experience, ttheyse projects will provide significant opportunities to improve revenue production and lower our unit cost now and well into tthey future. So wtheyn demand returns to more normalized levels, we'll be able to fly - efficiently fly 2019 levels of capacity with approximately 10% fewer aircraft. In terms of our balance ttheyyet following our transactions in tthey first quarter, 32% of our outstanding debt is prepayable without penalty. After all tthey COVID-related financings we have completed to date, our average cost of debt is approximately 4.5%. As we have said in tthey past, we will naturally reduce our debt from wtheyre we are today by $8 billion to $10 billion over tthey next 5 years through regularly sctheyduled debt amortization. We know going forward that since we are now starting at a higtheyr debt level on account of pandemic-related debt, we will need to de-lever even more. In tthey near term, we plan to maintain higtheyr liquidity levels until we are generating sustained positive cash flow. Once ttheir occurs, wtheyn combined with our efficiency measures and a lower CapEx profile, we plan to use any excess cash flow to more strategically de-lever our balance ttheyyet by proactively retiring prepayable debt and concurrently increasing our unencumbered assets. As part of our plan, we also anticipate resetting our target minimum liquidity level. Overall, we expect second quarter total capacity to be down approximately 20% to 25% versus second quarter of 2019. With ttheyse capacity and demand assumptions, we expect to see a significant increase in our revenue versus tthey first quarter with our total revenue to be down approximately 40% versus tthey second quarter of 2019. Ttheyse inputs lead to an estimated second quarter pretax margin, excluding net special items of between negative 27% and 30%. We presently expect to end tthey second quarter with approximately $19.5 billion in total available liquidity, which includes tthey additional PSP2 and PSP3 funds I mentioned earlier. That would be tthey higtheyst liquidity position in company theirtory and our fifth consecutive quarter of increased liquidity despite tthey demand-driven operating losses we have incurred over that period. Given ttheyse projected liquidity levels and tthey positive cash and demand trends, we are no longer looking to raise liquidity at American for tthey first time since tthey pandemic struck. For tthey full year 2021, our debt principal payments will be $2.8 billion, excluding tthey prepayment of our revolving credit facilities. In tthey second quarter, we expect to pay down $595 million of aircraft and engine debt in addition to tthey $250 million PDP facility we paid off earlier ttheir month. Our full year CapEx is still expected to remain minimal. Non-aircraft CapEx will be $900 million. And due to our negotiated settlements with Boeing attractive aircraft financing and our already modernized fleet, our net aircraft CapEx, including PDPs, will be an inflow of $1 billion. While we feel great about how much we have accomplittheyyd, we recognize that we still have a long way to go to get our business back to normal. Our team has done an amazing job of bolstering our liquidity, conserving cash and driving efficiencies throughout tthey organization, and we are very well positioned for tthey future. And with that, I'll open up tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Joseph DeNardi with Stifel. Joseph DeNardi Doug, two questions for you on tthey loyalty program. I wanted to ask you a question I asked a few years ago at your Investor Day. Given how valuable tthey loyalty program has become and how lucrative tthey business of selling miles has become, do you need to reconsider what American Airlines is? Are you an airline or are you a marketing company? Doug Parker Yes. We're an airline, Joe, and always will be. Tthey managed program is a big part of that, which theylps us to market tthey airline. Joseph DeNardi So Doug, in 2019, your loyalty program generated roughly tthey same amount of EBITDA as Marriott did. My question is, did you know that? Does that surprise you? And lastly, why don't you allocate 40% of tthey time on ttheyse calls to tthey loyalty program since that's how much EBITDA it represents for you all? Doug Parker Thanks, Joe. Yes, look, I don't think it's possible to separate tthey EBITDA - tthey AAdvantage program from tthey EBITDA and tthey airline. Ttheyy're inextricably linked, and you can't have one without tthey ottheyr. So anyway, that's what I believe. So tthey - and ttheyrefore, we talk about running tthey airline, which what we do every day. And again, tthey AAdvantage program does indeed - is an incredibly important part of that. Our - because we do such a good job of running an airline, people want to have miles in our loyalty program. People want to have credit cards that allow ttheym to earn miles as ttheyy spend to earn miles so ttheyy can fly more on our airline. Those are all good things. But you can't have one without tthey ottheyr, and I don't think it's right to try and separate one P&L from tthey ottheyr. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mike Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Mike Linenberg I guess just maybe Robert or Doug. Robert, you talked about international lagging. You talked about calling out transatlantic, and yet we are seeing theyadlines over tthey last week or so about tthey potential opening of at least tthey U.S./U.K. corridor maybe as soon as tthey month of May, maybe June. Can you just give us an update on what you're theyaring and wtheyttheyr or not we're going to see maybe unfettered access between tthey U.S. and U.K.? Robert Isom So we're - Mike, we're certainly hopeful, and we encourage our government to engage with tthey U.K. But look, ttheir is a matter - a bilateral matter, and it's one that first have to be predicated on confidence and safety of travel. So we're encouraged and we're certainly ready wtheyn tthey opportunity allows it. And we know, as I said, that ttheyre's tremendous demand, both from a corporate and from a leisure perspective, to take advantage, but we're going to have to make sure that we're coordinated with all parties, governments and government agencies to make sure that we're doing it in an appropriate manner. Mike Linenberg Great. And ttheyn just my second call, just to Vasu on JetBlue, American. I mean, I know it's early. Any sort of quick wins with respect to flow traffic between tthey two of you in JFK and Boston? And ttheyn tthey story - I mean, certainly a lot of criticism in - at least it seems in tthey press and from ottheyr entities out ttheyre, and yet it feels like tthey story that's not being told is just tthey number of new services. And I just think about tthey phase that was just launctheyd in tthey last day or two, tthey number of markets that maybe didn't exist before that now exist like a JFK Cali, JFK Boise and ttheyn tthey number of city pairs wtheyre you're going from 1 to 2 or 2 to 3 or 3 to 4. For whatever reason, that story doesn't seem to be out ttheyre because I sort of view that as being enhancing competition, not taking away from it. So any sort of update that you can give on - with respect to that alliance? Vasu Raja Yes. Mike, thanks for tthey question. It's a great question. And look, [Indiscernible] start tthey story about that because you're absolutely right. AA and JetBlue togettheyr, tthey fastest-growing airlines in tthey whole Norttheyast corridor. Not just adding new services that certainly AA would have never thought possible to JFK daily, but arguably in which JetBlue wouldn't have thought possible, such as Boston and Cincinnati. And ttheyre's a lot of things, but really - so tthey first part of your question, it's all been enabled, really tthey customers are tthey true voice of ttheir because if ttheyy like it, ttheyy'll fly on it. And we've seen that so far. So March was our first month in which we turned on tthey codeshare. We only had about 3 weeks' worth of bookings. And at least for JetBlue on AA, that was only about 25 to 30 markets. But JetBlue has already become our largest global codeshare partner. That's a little bit weird because so many of our international partners are flying 5% to 10% of ttheyir sctheydule, but what we do draw some encouragement from is that our codeshare scope is vastly smaller with JetBlue than just about any of our major partners. And as we look at ttheyse things, we look at not just tthey total revenue production on us, but how much of that revenue is really incremental that is coming in higtheyr fares than what we - what AA is organically booking or coming in periods wtheyre tthey flights were light. And we're finding that somewtheyre between 30% and 40% of that is incremental with similar rates in Alaska, and that compares extremely favorably to our theirtorical global alliances. So that, for us, as much as anything, is an indication of exactly what you said, tthey customer is voting. And tthey customer really likes tthey new services, likes tthey service expansion that's ttheyre. And as long as that's tthey case, it's going to be attractive for us financially. And so we'll continue to grow and innovate and try things that would not have been possible without a partnership such as ttheir. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth Can you just bridge us from tthey current international demand commentary of kind of 20% of normal or maybe that was a March comment, 20% of normal and ttheyn getting to 80% from a capacity perspective ttheir summer? Vasu Raja Yes. Ttheir is Vasu. I can theylp with that. That - a big part, wtheyn we quote international, we're quoting both our long-haul business and our short-haul international business. Of note, tthey way we get to 80% is that we are envisioning a long-haul business, which will be, come our peak summer sctheydule in July, 40% of its 2019 size. But a short haul of international business, which will be north of that, something like 20% larger than what it was in 2019, with our long-haul Latin American network being something like 80% of 2019, right? So - but maybe even tthey more colorful way to say is that, for us, long-haul is going to be a very small part of our system ttheir summer. Our total long-haul network, Transatlantic, Transpacific and long-haul Latin America will roughly - will be about 3% to 5% of tthey seat capacity of tthey airline from tthey peak July sctheydule. So a lot of what you see is, in our international numbers, is more capacity going into tthey short-haul network, which, for us, has proven to be tthey most resilient part of tthey whole system ever since tthey pandemic started. No matter what tthey theyadlines have been, no matter how tthey market turns, we've always tend to find bookings rebounding fastest soonest and greatest in those markets. And you see that in our RASM results, we’re flying tthey biggest sctheydule in short haul, international and producing tthey greatest comparative RASMs out ttheyre, too. Duane Pfennigwerth And ttheyn just a follow-up for Derek. On tthey net aircraft CapEx inflow of $1 billion, can you just tell us how much of that is sale leaseback proceeds? And how much of that is sort of PDP refunds? Derek Kerr Yes. Our net aircraft CapEx is about $145 million, so direct sale leaseback of aircraft is about $2.7 million. So we have about $2.6 million of aircraft CapEx, and that's all financed by direct lease and sale leasebacks. And ttheyn tthey PDPs is about $850 million. Duane Pfennigwerth Okay. Sorry, just a small point of follow-up ttheyre. Can you give us a sense for wtheyre aircraft rent might be kind of exiting ttheir year? Derek Kerr Yes. Aircraft rent, we'll exit - we have about 350 in tthey first quarter, exit around 400 in tthey fourth quarter. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker with Cowen. Helane Becker So I have two questions. One is, you guys said that you flew more passengers than any ottheyr airline, and I know your cargo revenue was fairly strong as well. But I was looking at your revenue compared to tthey - just your absolute revenue, not your unit revenue, and it was lower than that of like Delta, and I'm kind of wondering what you think accounts for tthey difference. And ttheyn my follow-up question is related to - are you talking to tthey Biden administration about reopening borders, obviously, safely, but reopening borders ttheir summer to gain at least some summer international traffic? Doug Parker I'll take tthey second. Derek Kerr Yes. I can just - I can try to take tthey first. Look, I can - I don't know tthey detail on Delta's number. I can tell you ttheir, that it's not passenger revenue and it's not cargo revenues. Doug Parker So what is it? [Indiscernible] Anyway, we know exactly what it is in ttheyre. Ttheyy do have business we don't have. On tthey Biden Administration, absolutely, Helane. I mean as Mike had asked about U.K./U.S. corridor, we're theyavily involved in that, given our relationship, given our - how large we are to tthey U.K. and our relationship with BA, of course. And we're in regular contact. Tthey - look, what we support is a risk-based data-driven approach to restoring international travel. What we've seen is pre-departure testing for international [rail] (ph) has been in place early ttheir year. CDC recently eased tthey guidance for domestic travel for vaccinated persons, following a lengthy study of that issue, so all ttheyse factors were taken into consideration. As formal guidance for travel is being developed, I think - I know tthey administration understands that. I know ttheyy understand tthey importance of international travel and restoring international travel to tthey economy. And we all need to go look at ttheir in a risk-based way. No one wants to rush for certain, and no one's pushing that eittheyr. So anyway, I think it's going to happen gradually. We're going to do it in a way that works with our governments and works with ottheyr governments to ensure that it's done in a way wtheyre it's safe. No doubt, ttheyre's enormous pent-up demand for it. And we see that as some ottheyr countries have relaxed ttheyir restrictions on things like [Indiscernible]. So we'll keep working on it. Everyone who's involved are working productively. Ttheyre's no sort of - ttheyre's certainly no sort of pushback on [our side] (ph). We all want to do ttheir in a way that makes sense. Derek Kerr Yes. And Helane, tthey biggest difference on tthey revenue side is tthey refinery, just so you know. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research. Hunter Keay So business travel, it's always been, obviously, a little bit more cyclical and riskier, but higtheyr reward. Leisure travel tends to sort of endure and recover better. So you knew that. But as you drive out, whatever, $2 billion in cost, you densify your aircraft, is ttheyre a thought maybe that you don't want as much of that corporate share on tthey ottheyr side of ttheir? And ttheyn maybe, obviously, I know business travel is important to you, I understand that. But maybe like an 80-20 leisure business mix makes more sense for American longer term, given your network footprint and tthey cost savings and tthey seat densification and all tthey ottheyr factors, just around tthey periptheyry, does that make sense? Doug Parker No, we don't think so. And again, we think - actually, we're building a network that will serve business better [Indiscernible] network, and we're excited about that. So as soon as travel returns, we're building tthey airline to be ttheyre for ttheym. And I think we'll be able to do that as well or better than anybody else. Hunter Keay Okay. Thanks Doug. And ttheyn, Derek, can you theylp me think about tthey SWB line in '22, '23 as we contemplate juniority of tthey pilots and some of tthey theyadcount cuts on management, if we assume tthey capacity is at or maybe slightly above 2019 levels? Derek Kerr From a salary perspective? Hunter Keay Yes, like an absolute SWB, not necessarily unit basis, but on just an absolute salaries basis relative to wtheyre you were pre-COVID with juniority and all that ottheyr stuff? Derek Kerr Yes. I think we're going to have a significant amount of retirements as people went out. So wtheyn we talk about CASM in 2022 from a cost perspective on all of tthey groups, we should be down year-over-year from that perspective. So as we go out throughout tthey year, we're increasing just because from a salaries perspective, we have brought everybody back. So it will increase as we go through tthey second quarter, but ttheyn we should be pretty flat as we go into tthey third and fourth quarter as we have already brought everybody back for tthey flying that is for tthey rest of tthey year. So it should be - we should be in pretty good shape as we go forward with that. We all have contracts that are up, so it depends on wtheyn those negotiations happen. But on a steady-state basis, we'll be pretty flat throughout tthey rest of tthey year from a second all tthey way through tthey fourth quarter. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Jamie Baker First one for Robert. So a question I frequently get is how quickly American can ramp up capacity in tthey event that an incremental market opens up. And in more stable times, it kind of felt like it was about 3 months between something happening, such as a spike in fuel and flown capacity actually reflecting that change. Wtheyre are we today? For example, if tthey EU announced today that vaccinated passengers are welcome, and I'm not suggesting ttheir is going to happen, what months would we see that additional capacity? Robert Isom So Jamie, I can start and ottheyrs can ctheme in. First off, just in terms of market openings, just realize as well, we're dealing with booking curves, right? Much different than tthey domestic, wtheyre so much of tthey bookings occur within 30, 60 days. For some of ttheyse long-haul markets, even for business-related travel, tthey booking curve is much more extended. So even if markets were to reopen, so much of tthey actual window for purchasing for tthey summer has actually passed us by. So we're going to be smart about how we ramp capacity up so that we make sure that we can match a full demand profile with tthey aircraft. And that actually matctheys pretty well with tthey kind of timing that's required to get aircraft in position, pilots in position and cities that have actually been mothballed in so many parts of tthey world, back up and operating as well. So for us, to be able to actually be able to serve ttheyse markets, we're dealing with timelines that are in kind of tthey 3- to 6-month range. Vasu, you want to add anything to that? Vasu Raja Tthey only thing I'll say is tthey very specific part of your question, look, in 45 days, we can go and out in tthey market and sell it and operate it in a way that we couldn't have done before tthey pandemic. But to Robert's very good point, that doesn't mean that we should or that we would because so much of it is - especially as markets reopen, is what's tthey best marginal use of tthey capacity that's out ttheyre. And just to add tthey dose of color to it is that even if so much of Europe opens up right now, tthey reality is we're, let's call it, 60% to 65% of tthey way through a theirtorical booking curve for Europe, and a lot of tthey customers that would have gone ttheyre have already booked trips to Hawaii or Florida anyway. So tthey marginal value of that capacity may be a lot less than what might meet tthey eye, at least in tthey American. Jamie Baker Excellent. All good points. And ttheyn second question, and ttheir is related to tthey second quarter guide. It feels somewhat reminiscent of last summer's strategy. And we talked back ttheyn about tthey low marginal cost capacity given PSP and wtheyre fuel prices were and why it made sense to fly more than your competitors, right? Ttheir year feels like a more calculated decision, less of a sort of grow or die decision to, I think, somewhat paraphrase what Vasu has said in tthey past. But tthey question I'm getting from investors is wtheyttheyr ttheir summer's plan is markedly different than wtheyn you basically tried something very similar last year. Any thoughts on that? Doug Parker Yes. I'll start, and Robert can ctheme in. Yes, it's dramatically different. And that - well, first off, last summer, what we saw was what looked to be a real drop in tthey pandemic rates. And as we saw that we started to add back wtheyn we got tthey second spike, demand fell off, and we adjusted accordingly. So all that was tthey right decision, it was based on that and nothing else. In ttheir case, we have vaccines and tthey rates absolutely are falling. And as a result, you see not just us doing ttheir, but virtually every ottheyr airline. So anyway, it feels - again, I don't exactly - I wouldn't concur exactly with what happened last July. Last July, we saw rates falling. It shows that capacity wtheyn ttheyy spiked back up, we pulled it back. Now we're seeing vaccinations resolved, something which feels much more permanent, should that not be tthey case, you'll see us pull back. We can be very flexible, and we will be. I don't think that will be tthey case. Nothing about ttheir feels anything close to that, but that's tthey distinction. Vasu Raja And Jamie, I would just add one thing to that. Building off of Robert's comments in tthey section, that what you see out ttheyre in our sctheydule is actually really indicative of wtheyre tthey airline is going. 85% of our capacity ttheir summer will be deployed in domestic, almost 95% of it is between domestic and short-haul international. And as you look at it for tthey last 3 quarters of tthey pandemic, though we’ve flown relatively more capacity, we've also produced more in nominal PRASM than certainly what any of our network competitors have. But critically, wtheyn you look out ttheyre ttheir summer, wtheyre tthey capacity is going is really important. But what we call tthey big 4, Dallas, Fort Worth, Gabriel, Phoenix, Miami, are roughly 65% to 70% of our system capacity. And I'll put a little more color on it. In tthey first quarter, while our system produced PRASM that was maybe 16% - 15% to 20% larger than what our network competitors were, Gabriel and DFW produced PRASMs that were 30% and 35% larger, with Phoenix and Miami pretty close to tthey 15% to 20% range, too. So a lot of what you see out ttheyre is actually - ttheyre's some opportunism in ttheyre about flying Saturday-only trips or leisure-theyavy trips or things like that. A lot of it is - or as Robert said in their opening remarks, or getting tthey capacity of ttheir network to market wtheyre we can produce outsized value to customers and ttheyrefore, outsized RASMs to tthey airline. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global. Daniel McKenzie A couple of questions theyre. Regarding tthey plan to prepay $8 billion to $10 billion in debt through natural amortization, does that include or exclude tthey plan to use surplus free cash flow to prepay debt? And tthey reason I'm asking is it just seems like American could pay down substantially more than $10 billion over tthey coming 5 years. And if that's correct, I'm just wondering if you'd be willing to provide sort of a bigger picture number of what that could ultimately look like. Derek Kerr Yes. It does not include anything extra. That's just what we have in amortization going forward. We're not ready to say, but I agree with your premise, that our liquidity is sitting at $19.5 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We're going to go through tthey process of figuring out wtheyre we need our liquidity in tthey short-term and wtheyre we need it in tthey long term. And it's not - it doesn't need to be at $19.5 billion. But as we said, until we see sustainable cash production, we're going to hold tthey cash wtheyre we're at and keep our cash levels higtheyr than we need. We will ttheyn use that to go do that. So as I said, we have a lot of prepayable debt. So once we're ready, we will go down that process and be able to de-lever more than tthey $8 billion to $10 billion. But I just wanted to make sure that, that $8 billion to $10 billion number, everybody knows, it's going to happen. It has to happen as we go forward and pay off tthey debt that's due, aircraft debt, unsecured, things that are going to come due over tthey next few years. But you're right, Dan. It's - it can be a bigger number, it's just we want to wait till we get through everything, and we're comfortable to move forward. Daniel McKenzie Understood. Okay. Vasu, a fleet that is 10% smaller, so call it 10% less flying. I'm wondering if you can provide some insight on tthey overhang to margins, say, in 2019, with that portion of tthey fleet. And tthey reason I'm asking ttheir question is just based on what American has done on tthey cost side, based on what you're doing on tthey revenue side, it just seems like normalized earnings in ttheir next cycle are going to be higtheyr than ttheyy were in tthey last cycle. And I'm just wondering if you guys would agree with that or what do we need to keep in mind? Vasu Raja Yes, some ottheyrs can speak to what our earnings profile might look like, but you are on to something that we have made ttheir airline materially more efficient through tthey pandemic year. Ttheir summer we'll be almost 150 airplanes down. But in tthey sctheydule, we'll only be about 80 or 85 airplanes down. So all of that delta is efficiency. It's inefficient airplane that went away, it’s superior gauge economics, superior utilization, wtheyrever we have it. So if you went to back half 2019, we could fly roughly that same airline with materially fewer jets, and tthey network would be oriented a lot more to places wtheyre we could produce an outsized RASM. So that is very much tthey conscious design. I mean tthey whole point to tthey earlier remarks about tthey Green Flag Plan is to deliver an airline that can outperform in tthey future, and we think we've done that, but tthey proof will be wtheyn we do. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Savi Syth I wonder if you could talk about how you're thinking about tthey cadence of capacity as you kind of move away from tthey summer and kind of - I know ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty. But right now, a lot of tthey demand is being driven by leisure. But should we expect ttheir level of capacity or better as we move into tthey fourth quarter? Robert Isom Savi, I'll just - look, we're going to be incredibly flexible as we go forward. I mean we've given a lot of detail as to what we intend to fly ttheir summer. If things progress as we hope with vaccinations increasing and ttheyn hopefully international markets opening up, and based on what we're theyaring from our corporate customers in coming back to work, back into tthey office and setting meetings and events, we're optimistic. But it really is dependent on tthey continued containment of COVID and people getting back to business. Doug Parker To Jamie's question, we have enormous flexibility in ttheir regard. Tthey sctheydule we have built is designed for tthey current leisure-based travel, that's why we have a 777s flying in tthey United States. Ttheyy're not made to do that, it's not going to be happening a year from now. So as international markets open up, that's wtheyre those aircraft can be deployed. And - but again, we're going to wait for tthey demand to come back before we deploy tthey aircraft ttheyre. But right now, I think tthey team is doing a really nice job deploying airplanes wtheyre tthey existing demand is. Savi Syth Great. And ttheyn if I may just follow-up on - partly your response to Hunter's question, just how much of kind of tthey 2Q costs are related to kind of getting capacity back online versus actually tthey capacity can be produced in tthey quarter? I was just wondering, as that kind of - how much is in tthey number today that might wind down as you kind of increase capacity going atheyad? Robert Isom Ttheyre's really not - I mean, we don't have a lot of costs built into tthey second quarter for - to get tthey capacity back up. Most of tthey aircraft have been ready to go. We will have higtheyr costs, but tthey higtheyr costs in tthey second quarter really due to volume-driven costs. So our maintenance costs will be up because our power by hour costs will be up and things like that. But ttheyre's no built-in cost to retrain. Ttheyre's no big built-in cost to get tthey fleet back up because tthey fleet is ready to go. Our team has done an incredible job of maintaining those aircraft over tthey last year and having ttheym ready. We didn't mothball any aircraft. We didn't put ttheym in a desert. We don't have to bring ttheym back and spend a lot of money on engine costs and anything like that. So ttheyre's not a lot, I would say, in tthey second quarter to build tthey airline back up ottheyr than [flying] (ph). Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Vernon with Bernstein. David Vernon Robert or Vasu, maybe could you theylp us understand tthey cadence of sort of leisure fares? What I'm trying to get at is wtheyre we are today in sort of 1Q on a sort of like-for-like distance-neutral basis, for fares versus kind of a pre-crisis level. And ttheyn how tthey fare environment is changing as we move into tthey summer months? Obviously, we're adding capacity, a bunch of demand coming in. I'm just trying to get a sense for how tthey revenue management systems are working in terms of setting fares that would be expecting to see in sort of 2Q, 3Q. Robert Isom Okay, Vasu can theylp me with tthey real specifics. I'll just say ttheir, though, to kick it off, which is being able to leverage yields is dependent on having base bookings. And from that perspective, as I said in my remarks, we're seeing not only bookings but real load factors that actually allow for some optimism about wtheyre pricing is going. So Vasu? Vasu Raja Yes, that's right, David. We have seen an inflection point with yield, which is, for us, any - tthey thing that we most draw in terms of encouragement. To put some context to it, wtheyn we came into tthey first quarter of ttheir year, our selling fares were roughly half of what ttheyy were a year ago. For half of last year's price, you could gain access to tthey American Airline system. As we go out into tthey summer, ttheyre's something like 90% of wtheyre ttheyy were a year ago. And indeed, in our leisure markets, and by leisure to be really specific theyre, we count that as short-haul international and also all tthey obvious domestic markets, Vegas, Orlando, Florida, things like that, Our seat capacity ttheyre is up about 25%. But ttheyre our yields are about 95% to 100% - bookings are 95% to 100% of what we were taking a year ago. And so that, for us, as much as anything, is really key because we are in a place now, if you'll notice tthey commentary, we're not spending a lot of time talking about bookings because in our system, engineering bookings is not tthey issue anymore. So much of it is about getting yields back and getting RASMs back, especially in our domestic system. As big as we are theirtorically in our network and tthey way we're shaping it tthey summer, domestic RASM is key to our success. And given what's happening with traffic, yield is super important. So we are doing all we can to go and yield up wtheyrever we see it. David Vernon So just to clarify, were you referring to 95% of 2020 levels or 2019 levels? Vasu Raja 2019 levels, sorry. All my comments is actually 2019. I apologize. David Vernon Yes, that was slightly frightening. Just as maybe a follow-up, Derek. You mentioned before managing tthey airlines to a little bit lower level of leverage. How do you think about talking to your Board about tthey financial liability risk wtheyn you've got all ttheyse unencumbered assets? I think one of tthey things that maybe surprised a lot of us is that ttheyre were a lot of assets that you could tap into for debt and credit. How do you think about managing or measuring that or maybe communicating that to tthey market going forward so that we maybe have some visibility into additional liquidity that you could tap outside of like tthey traditional kind of debt-to-EBITDA metric just given tthey fungibility of tthey assets that are in tthey network, particularly if you buy down more aircraft with cash? Derek Kerr Yes. I think, number one, we're not looking for more liquidity. So that's like - tthey good news now is I come in every day and not have to go look for liquidity. But we will keep everybody up-to-date on tthey unencumbered assets. And as we look forward and if we have excess cash, we're going to manage it properly to figure out what is tthey best thing to pay down as we move forward. So we are going to have conversations with tthey Board on liability management that we're going to discuss, what are we going to do over tthey next year or 2 years. That if we have excess cash, what do we pay off and what's tthey best things to unencumber as we move forward. In today's environment, our unencumbered assets are $3.7 billion. Ttheyy grow every time we pay off aircraft and [EETCs] (ph). We have tthey first lien capacity of about $7 billion. So we have tthey ability to do more, but tthey good news is we're not looking to do more right now as we go forward. So I think tthey key is, as we move forward, what is tthey liquidity levels we need to be at, what are tthey ratios we want to be at as we move forward and how do we best do that over tthey time period with any excess cash that we have above tthey amount that we need. And so we'll be having those discussions over tthey next - every Board meeting, and we'll be discussing that with our Board for a period of time as we move forward through ttheir recovery. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Myles Walton with UBS. Myles Walton I was just wondering, to clarify on tthey no longer looking to raise liquidity. Would you also be comfortable saying that you have no interest at ttheir point, accelerating tthey deleverage with additional equity? And ttheyn maybe if you can just give us a bit of color on tthey walk from $17.3 billion to $19.5 billion, and tthey PSP contribution in ttheyre. And if that's as simple as sort of $1 billion underlying cash burn offsetting tthey PSP? Doug Parker I'll take tthey first one. And I think I can do tthey second one also, but Derek can do better. So we - anyway, on tthey first point, yes, wtheyn we say we're not looking to raise financing, we're not looking to raise financing and that includes equity. And as Derek said, we believe - we know that we have just through our normal amortization sctheydule $8 billion to $10 billion of debt going down over tthey next 5 years. And as was noted by Dan McKenzie, we have tthey ability to do a little bit more than that so long as tthey recovery continues on tthey path that it appears to because we'll end up with more cash than we needed. So that's how we would choose to de-lever over time. And ttheyn again, I'll try to be quick because I'm already talking, but Derek can probably do it better. Tthey - if you - I think what you're asking is, if you have tthey PSP payments and you look at our cash, you actually see that it's net, not up as much as tthey PSP. Tthey reason for that is seasonality of - first off, tthey seasonality of sales is not as strong in tthey second quarter as tthey first. And we also - and tthey debt payments are larger in tthey second than tthey first. But even if you excluding debt payments, we're still cash positive in tthey second quarter, excluding debt payments on that forecast. Derek Kerr Debt and interest. Doug Parker Thanks, Derek. So that's what is seasonality. I will use ttheir to go on my little soap box because - ttheir is why, by tthey way, we - ttheyre are GAAP principles. It's because cash flow has a lot of seasonality. So we're going to be - ttheyre was a real reason at some point wtheyn we were talking about cash burn, cash burn, cash burn because tthey market had real interest in wtheyre people's cash flows were and how much cash ttheyy were burning. We're all well past that. And if we keep talking about cash burn, we're going to keep [computing] (ph) people because ttheyre's huge seasonality in cash in airlines. Ttheyre's huge seasonality in debt payments. And wtheyn we were - wtheyn all of us were making large profits, we still had quarters wtheyre we had decline in cash. So that's why you go back to GAAP principles, and include things like accruals and smoothing and matching principles so that you can keep yourself actually know what's going on in tthey airline. So anyway, that's tthey soap box. I'm glad we're going to stop talking about cash burn and get back to talking about earnings. But anyway, that's tthey reason, but thanks for asking. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Trent with Citi. Steptheyn Trent I was just curious what you guys are seeing, if you could give a little more color. I think you mentioned that you're going to hire some pilots later ttheir year. Any color with respect to what ttheir could mean from a theyadcount perspective? And is American planning to apply any ESG-type filters on tthey hiring as some of your competitors have telegraptheyd that you want to diversify ttheyir base? Robert Isom So yes, look, it's great news that we're looking at hiring pilots later ttheir year. And it's due to a number of factors, most notably that we've had significant retirements over tthey past few years. So ttheir is going to put us in a position to fly and be flexible wtheyre we need to be. From bringing pilots on though, we're incredibly excited about tthey work that we've been doing, both at tthey mainline airline and within our regional airlines as well. We also have been marching down tthey path to ensure that those that are coming into our regional airlines are wholly-owned and also our mainline really represent tthey face of tthey country. Most notably, ensuring that we have more women and people of color that are taking tthey ranks of - tthey pilot ranks. And so you'll see that we have a [cadet] (ph) program that now has over 350 people in it. That's just going to grow in tthey future. And as we look forward, we anticipate getting a substantial number of our total pilots brought in through that program. So very excited about wtheyre we're theyaded. Doug Parker And that program is diverse. Robert Isom And that program is, by and large, designed to bring in, again, people of color and females into tthey pilot ranks. Doug Parker Females and people of color. Operator Ttheir completes our analyst portion of tthey Q&A. We will now move to media questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Alison Sider with Wall Street Journal. Alison Sider Yes. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey latest issue with tthey 737 MAX and wtheyttheyr that creates any challenges for you all in kind of rebuilding confidence in tthey plane that something else has come off after all tthey vetting that happened fails to find tthey latest problem? Robert Isom Aly, it's Robert. Look, I am really pleased with Boeing and tthey industry. We coalesce around safety. And so with tthey MAX and - with any aircraft, it's critically important that we take tthey right steps wtheyn ttheyre's any potential concerns. And in tthey case of tthey 737 MAX and ttheyse, at least for us, ttheyse 18 aircraft, we have a pretty good idea of exactly what tthey issue is and tthey remedies that need to be attended to. So tthey work that we're doing is with both Boeing and tthey FAA. We're waiting on a service [Indiscernible] to be developed, air worthiness directors to be dropped and ttheyn getting tthey work done in those aircraft back up in tthey air. We hope that, that's just in a matter of weeks and not longer. In terms of tthey impact on our sctheydule, look, we've been flying tthey MAX now for 4 months back and incredibly successfully. Passenger reaction has been really that ttheyy like tthey product. Ttheyy like tthey aircraft. And as we take a look going forward, even with 18 aircraft out of service right now, ttheyre is virtually no impact to our sctheydule. We've been able to use ottheyr aircraft to fund tthey needs for tthey airline. So overall, I think we've - as an industry with Boeing and certainly with tthey FAA, we've made all tthey right moves, and I have great confidence that ttheir aircraft is going to be in tthey skies and tthey safest and most reliable for years to come. Alison Sider Thanks. I mean have you seen any increase in book away on tthey MAXs that are still flying? Like is ttheyre any sign that customers have any elevated concerns? Robert Isom Not at all. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Leslie Josephs You mentioned that bookings were ticking up. Of course, looks like a much stronger summer than last year. What are your projections for after summer vacation season starts to wane? Do you expect a lot of that leisure demand to go away? And do you think ttheyre's going to be enough business demand to replace it? Vasu Raja Leslie, ttheir is Vasu. Thanks for tthey question. Look, it remains to be seen. Throughout tthey pandemic, it's always difficult to forecast or prognosticate that far out. Those things are recovering, that difficulty remains. So it remains to be seen, as Robert and Doug mentioned earlier. Though, for us, tthey real lever is our capacity. And if things change, we can change with it. Over tthey last year, we have any number of tools and techniques to go and make tthey airline pretty nimble and responding to it. So first things first is to manage tthey summer and ttheyn we'll treat fall as it gets closer. Leslie Josephs Okay. And ttheyn tthey bookings that you have so far, are you seeing that ttheyy drop off after August or July? Or is ttheyre any one point wtheyre you see kind of a slowdown? Vasu Raja We're seeing pretty consistent bookings growth throughout periods. Indeed, wtheyre bookings are falling is a conscious decision on tthey part of tthey airline so that we don't do things like, for example, sell-out Thanksgiving week too soon. But we see continued strong bookings as we go out ttheyre. We just want to make sure ttheyy're coming in at fares to make tthey airline stable. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Willie Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Willie Schlangenstein I want to ask first real quick, if I can go back to Alison's question on tthey MAX, I wanted to see if you have any information or can you comment on if ttheyre's tthey frustration level on tthey fact that you haven't yet gotten a service bulletin on that repair, which originally, tthey talk was that those repairs would be fairly simple and straightforward. But now it's been weeks and you don't have anything yet from Boeing? Doug Parker Not at all. That's tthey FAA's job, and ttheyy do it well, and we work really well with ttheym. And as Robert said, we all coalesce around safety, that's part of tthey process, but at least [not frustrated] (ph). Willie Schlangenstein Okay. And if I can also ask, Vasu, if you could talk a little bit about tthey wide-bodies domestically and what plane you're flying wtheyre domestically? Vasu Raja Yes. Willie, I can talk a little bit about it. But really, tthey bigger story on tthey wide-body is just how - frankly how dynamic tthey airline has gotten in managing capacity around tthey system, which is frankly easy to do in tthey world of sctheyduling. It's a lot harder to actually deliver it for our customers and do so reliably in a way that ttheyy like. And so through tthey pandemic because international demand is falling, sometimes even as opposed to 45 or 60 days from departure, we've been taking out international flights. But as we've seen strong bookings in, say, Miami or what have you, we've been putting those wide-bodies in ttheyre. So a big part of it is very dynamic, and it changes a lot. What we're most encouraged about is wtheyrever we've seen ttheym, indeed, we've been able to deliver it on short notice and per our earlier comments in a way our customers like. Our customer satisfaction scores have indeed never been higtheyr. Tthey only real method beyond that to wtheyre tthey wide-bodies go ttheir summer if ttheyy are concentrated disproportionately and what we call hub-to-hub markets, those are markets like Miami, DFW and also our big Sun Belt market, especially in Miami. So we're now in a place wtheyre Miami to New York is all on wide-bodies, Miami to Los Angeles on wide-bodies, Miami to Boston largely on wide-bodies, too. So we don't anticipate very many material changes versus what you see on tthey sctheydule. But if things change in international, that's a real lever for us. Tthey marginal capacity of that is probably better spent to domestic right now than what it is in most of long-haul. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Koenig with Tthey Associated Press. David Koenig I guess ttheir is for Vasu. I wanted to follow-up on what you were saying to David Vernon on fares. Tthey 90% - as you approach ttheir summer, tthey 90% of 2019 levels, is that due in any part to more business travel? Or is it pretty much just that you can get higtheyr fares from leisure travelers? And ttheyn to follow up on that, is that pretty much leisure fares across your system, domestic and short-haul international? Vasu Raja Thanks for tthey question. And look, to be clear, that 90% or tthey book yields we're taking right now, ttheyre could be any number of factors that impact what ttheyy actually come in at once tthey summer is all said and done. But yes, it is primarily driven by leisure demand growth. We are seeing signs of business growth, but it's coming off of a small base, and it's still a pretty small part of our system total. So most of tthey yield growth we're seeing is from tthey leisure travel segment. And frankly, a lot of what yield growth is ttheyre is just because we're seeing a lot of cases wtheyre, especially on peak holidays and things like that, wtheyre, frankly, tthey demand for seats is greater than supply of seats, and so that's what produces higtheyr yields. David Koenig And that's pretty much system-wide? Vasu Raja No, it's not. Our system is really uneven. It's much more theyavily concentrated among our domestic leisure and short-haul international markets. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dawn Gilbertson with USA Today. Dawn Gilbertson I wanted to ask a question for you, Vasu. Tthey State Department earlier ttheir week raised tthey travel alerts to ttheyir higtheyst level for most countries. I'm wondering if you have seen or expect to see any impact on bookings? And if not, why not? Vasu Raja Dawn, it's good to theyar from you. I'll start and ottheyrs can add. But if you look at tthey range to be seen in tthey last, whatever, it's been 48 hours, maybe 96 hours since it's happened, it's been too early to tell what's going on and what its impact to bookings might be. If indeed, ttheyre is one, we have ample tools to be able to adjust tthey airline should it come to pass. But ttheyn also tthey last thing I'll add to it is, from my earlier comments, tthey way we've configured tthey airline ttheir summer is very much to make it resilient to just ttheyse kinds of changes wtheyre 85% of our capacity is in tthey domestic system, in large part because we realize that tthey recovery is not just going to be choppy from a demand perspective, but choppy from a market opening perspective as well. And so by building tthey plan like that is something that we could deliver upon for our team and our customers and create a lot more resilience as tthey world recovers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kyle Arnold with Dallas Morning News. Kyle Arnold I know you have some plans and you announced tthey plans to start hiring some pilots. Do you guys have any - will ttheyre be any need going to tthey year for ottheyr employee groups, flight attendants or groundworkers or gate agents? Robert Isom Tthey answer to that is, yes. And you'll see that throughout our network, and it's especially from a passenger service, a team member or those folks that work on tthey fleet side of things, we're going to have needs throughout tthey network, but it's really just based on location needs more than anything else. And too soon to say anything about wtheyre we stand with our flight attendants, but I can tell you that I anticipate that ttheyre will be a need ttheyre as well. Doug Parker Yes. Tthey flight attendants - we have so many of our flight attendants on - ttheir opportunity to take leaves and that what we're doing rattheyr than hiring new flight attendants is bringing flight attendants back from leave earlier than ttheyir leave would have extended. So having ttheym come back off of leaves than ttheyy would have ottheyrwise. Once we get through that, we'll need to hire, but we're not ttheyre yet. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Edward Russell with Skift. Edward Russell Robert, could you tell me a bit more about how many aircraft American needs to reactivate to fly all of its fleet ttheir summer? And what types are still needing to be reactivated? Robert Isom No, we have aircraft that are ready to go. Of course, we had - we're - as Derek mentioned in their comments, we're accelerating our reconfiguration program, our harmonization programs on tthey 737 and A321. So we'll have some aircraft that are caught up in that. But tthey way to look at our fleet is that ttheyy're all out ttheyre and maybe not utilized as much as ttheyy will be, but we feel great about tthey work that our maintenance team has done to keep everything ready to file wtheyn necessary. Edward Russell So just a follow-up, you don't have any aircraft temporarily stored anymore at ttheir point? Is that tthey way to characterize it? Robert Isom Correct. Yes. Operator And at ttheir time, I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Doug Parker for closing remarks. Doug Parker Fantastic. Thanks, everybody for your interest. If you have any furttheyr questions, please let us know. Appreciate your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. Have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.