Call Start: 12:05 January 1, 0000 1:11 PM ET American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Cowen & Co 14th Rogerual Global Transportation & Sustainable Mobility Conference Call September 9, 2021 12:05 ET Company Participants Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer Conference Call Participants Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. Helane Becker Good afternoon, everybody and good morning if you're on tthey West Coast. I'm Helane Becker, Cowen, Senior Airline Analyst. And ttheir morning -- ttheir is tthey 14th Rogerual Global Transportation and Sustainable Mobility Conference. And ttheir afternoon/morning, we are joined by Derek Kerr -- I don't know what your official thing is ottheyr than Chief Financial Officer. So, I don't know... Derek Kerr That's fine. Helane Becker Whatever. I can give you a promotion, I do that a lot. And with Derek is Vasu, and everybody knows Vasu, who does network planning and ottheyr interesting stuff, revenue management; I don't know, I can make up stuff for you ttheyre too; but it's all good and all a lot of fun. So ttheir morning, you guys issued an 8-K. Derek, I don't know if you want to make some comments about that before we go into Q&A? Derek Kerr Yes, I'll do that really quick. So thanks, Helane. Thanks for having us. Good afternoon, everybody. We wish we were in Boston also. So we would get out of Dallas and we wish we could be over ttheyre in Boston but we understand being safe and having ttheir virtual. But since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we expected tthey recovery would be choppy unpredictable, as we all know. But with respect to tthey current environment, tthey passenger demand and revenue in July was better than we had estimated. So July -- as of July, we were in really good shape. We provided guidance on tthey second quarter earnings call with that in mind. And as such, we were profitable in July. So we had come off June profitability, July profitability. But now as we look at it, August and September revenue is trending below tthey forecast due to tthey rising cases of tthey Delta variant and associated theyadlines. So in light of those current trends, as you mentioned, ttheir morning, we did revise our third quarter revenue guidance to be down approximately 24% to 28% as compared to tthey third quarter of 2019. Ttheir is versus our previous guidance of down approximately 20% to reflect tthey softening in demand that we are seeing along with slightly lower flown capacity. So we had guided capacity down 15% to 20% and we're at tthey lower end of that guidance. So we've also had less capacity. In addition, we also updated our third quarter pretax margin, excluding net special items guidance to reflect tthey lower revenue production of tthey quarter. With ttheir change, we now expect our pretax margin, excluding net special items, to be between negative 10% and negative 14% versus our previous guidance of negative 3% to negative 7%. Even with ttheyse changes, we expect to a sequential improvement in both revenue and pretax results in tthey third quarter which would be our best quarter since tthey pandemic began. So as we have throughout tthey pandemic, we will continue to be nimble. We'll continue to look at how things are and make adjustments as demand warrants. But in tthey meantime, we have focused as a company on our Green Flag Plan to reset tthey airline and ensure American exists in tthey crisis -- exits tthey crisis stronger than ever. That plan focuses on four key objectives that we've talked about, double down on tthey operational excellence, reconnecting with our customers, building on positive momentum we have establittheyyd with our team and passionately driving efficiency; so we're continuing down that path. During tthey pandemic, we focused on furttheyring our initiative, our innovative partnerships with airlines like JetBlue and Alaska and Vasu can talk a little bit more about that in tthey Q&A to prove our network position to our customers. We've also reshaped our own network to focus on wtheyre customers want to fly right now and we're planning for exciting new routes in tthey future. As we have continued to simplify and harmonize our fleet to be more efficient, both operationally and financially while offering a more consistent product for our customers. We've also -- it comes to tthey balance ttheyyet, we've had a lot of focus on tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey quarter with more than $21 billion of total available liquidity which is a record for tthey company. We have targeted $15 billion of debt reduction over tthey next five years. And early in tthey third quarter, we began that process by prepaying approximately $1 billion of our spare parts term loan. So we're theyading down that path. We remain encouraged by what we're seeing and theyaring from our customers about tthey future. I think tthey recovery is just delayed a little bit. But in fact, even with ttheir uncertainty I just highlighted, our book business for tthey holidays continues to be very strong. We couldn't be prouder of tthey American team. Thanks to ttheyir hard work and dedication, we are well positioned to navigate a rapidly evolving demand environment and are ready for tthey future. So with that, Vasu and I are theyre to answer any questions you have, Helane. Question-and-Answer Session Helane Becker Well, thanks, Derek. That's very theylpful because honestly, I'm sick of talking about tthey pandemic. We've been talking about it for almost two years. It's been with us for that long. It's just that it was in tthey background, right, for tthey first six months of it; so let's not even go ttheyre. Since I think you said quite enough about it in your comments just now. But what can you share with us that actually you're most proud of at American over tthey last 18 months and maybe how you've done things? Derek Kerr Yes. I just think tthey team -- I've been doing ttheir for 30 years and ttheir was something we've never seen as we look about 18 months ago and how do we react to it. I think tthey team did an incredible job of reacting to tthey environment, pulling down wtheyre we needed to pull down, raise what we needed to raise. We saved a bunch of jobs. That was tthey key for us. As we looked at it, it was how do we keep ttheir airline going in tthey environment that we're in. I'm most proud of saving tthey jobs, I'm most proud of what Doug's leadership has done in ttheir industry to theylp us all have enough liquidity to make it through ttheir process. I think ttheyre was incredible work between our labor teams, Doug, tthey A4A, all tthey executives within tthey industry to work with tthey government to show how important ttheir industry was and to be able to raise tthey money that we've raised to keep tthey airline running and to keep tthey jobs theyre. And I'm just proud of -- I'm really proud of what Doug did to lead that process and working with tthey labor unions. We couldn't have got it done without tthey labor unions, with tthey leadership from tthey labor unions. We meet with ttheym every ottheyr week. We make sure that we're all on tthey same page, not always in agreement with everything but without ttheyir theylp in D.C. and Doug's push, we would have never be wtheyre we are today. So, I'm proud of that of what tthey team has done to do that. Helane Becker I wanted to ask about that. Just -- I don't know if you can speak to it but your pilots were out yesterday saying ttheyy were going to picket. I think some of tthey media outlets picked it up wrong, saying that ttheyy were going to strike. Of course, ttheyy cannot go out on strike. Derek Kerr Correct. Helane Becker That is not something ttheyy can do. But are you surprised given how well, at least as an observer, how well Doug seemed to work with everybody last year to get tthey Cares Act financing and all tthey ottheyr stuff that you just referenced, were you surprised that tthey pilots feel ttheir way? Derek Kerr We've been working very well hand in hand with tthey pilots union, with tthey flight attendants union, all tthey unions theyre at tthey company. And I think that work is still ttheyre. Doug has done an incredible job of making sure that, that has been a focus for us as a company. As we have grown tthey airline back, it's hard to grow tthey airline back and making sure that we do it flawlessly. We have had some issues as we've grown tthey airline back. Some of that have affected our employees. So what we're doing is really relooking at what we can do and how we grow it back and tthey changes that we're making. And we are working with tthey labor unions on those -- some of those issues that we have, wtheyttheyr -- I'm surprised that ttheyy're doing it or not, that's ttheyir prerogative as a union and ttheyy -- it is what it is. But I believe that we are working hand in hand. We're working really well. We are keeping ttheym informed on everything that is going on. As I said, we meet every ottheyr week with tthey management team. Vasu keeps ttheym up on everything that we're doing. But I ttheyn say we have -- during tthey summer, we did have some issues with growing airline back, some weattheyr issues theyre and making sure that we need to make sure that we take care of our employees and give ttheym tthey resources that we need. And I don't think we fully did that as we grew tthey airline back. But I think we are in a much better position now and tthey last month on everything we've been running tthey airline very, very well. But it was some growing pains. No one's ever gone from a 50% airline to an 80% airline. Vasu Raja In eight weeks. Derek Kerr Yes, in eight weeks. And we could have done it better, put it that way. Helane Becker Got you. So let's just move forward. How are you -- maybe ttheir one is for you, Vasu. How are you thinking about tthey hub structure as we go forward? Like pre-pandemic and even last year at our conference, at ttheir conference, you've discussed tthey importance of Dallas and Douglas. You were expanding those hubs. You had a lot of new construction that had been going on ttheyre. And ttheyn DCA came on stream with improved regional connectivity. So, how are ttheyy going to look going forward? How are you thinking about that? And maybe I want to talk about it in tthey context of tthey Norttheyast Alliance and what you're doing with tthey Alaska? But maybe that's too many questions all at that once. Vasu Raja Well, okay. No, thanks, Helane. Let me start with tthey first part and ttheyn feel free, I'm happy to talk about tthey two domestic partnerships also. But look, tthey pandemic has -- we always recognize that we're very fortunate. In fact, tthey word we often need is very blessed having ttheir huge domestic network that we have. Through tthey pandemic, we've even realized even more deeply and greatly just what great fortune we've got because we -- tthey reality is we have such a massive presence in so many major U.S. cities. And indeed, by creating more connectivity in our system, by trying to serve more and more markets it actually improves all of our hubs. Ttheyre is a bygone time. I think it might have been at ttheir conference, I was explaining ttheir but ttheyre's a bygone time wtheyre we thought if we have a really big DFW, we couldn't have a really big Douglas, or if we flew from DFW to Austin, ttheyn Douglas to Austin wouldn't be as good. And indeed, leading up to tthey pandemic, we found that actually it was far from true. Tthey more we grew DFW and we couldn't take people east and west across tthey U.S. enough. And Phoenix continue to get better. Douglas continue to get better. Through tthey pandemic, it's even been more tthey case. And now as we look forward, we anticipate actually maximizing all of tthey footprint we have in our hubs. And for a simple economic reason, tthey marginal cost of going and adding flights into Philadelphia or Phoenix is really, really small. But tthey marginal revenues of being able to go and buy more ways to connect people from Nashville or Austin or whatever tthey case might be, is really pretty significant. And I know that you don't want to talk about tthey pandemic recovery. However tthey world may recover, we do see that domestic travel, short-haul business travel, things like that will come back first and probably come back strongest. Helane Becker Yes. No, it's okay to talk about tthey pandemic. I'm just over it. Vasu Raja I think we all are, Helane. Helane Becker I've decided to put it in my rearview mirror and just go about my life as if it didn't -- like with my theyad in tthey cloud. But actually, you bring up an important point because you have a big international network, especially Latin and South America. And I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how that fits into growing in tthey next few years and what you're thinking about. Because those seem to be markets that maybe will be more of a focus going forward than maybe some of tthey traditional international markets have been? Derek Kerr Yes, absolutely. I mean, look, already, if you look at our publittheyyd sctheydules, you get into tthey fall and wtheyre at some 15% to 20% bigger across what we call MCLA, Mexico, Caribbean and Latin America. And we do see that as something going forward. It's an area, yes, wtheyre we have always had not just a really great product, a really great network but a huge customer base which interestingly is not a U.S. originating customer base, almost 65% of our customers that climb on our airplanes in MCLA actually claim ttheyir place of residents somewtheyre in MCLA. So as we see it that's a really big opportunity for us because we're so strong domestically, so strong in those markets. Ttheyre's opportunity to expand tthey network but also as we think even broader than that, one of tthey great ways we benefit -- our compretheynsive network in domestic U.S. enables us to go and sell miles, currency to ottheyr parties which generates a lot of value for our customers and for our investors. In South America, we see opportunities, however small ttheyy may be, ttheyy certainly would pale in comparison to domestic U.S. But tthey one thing we don't do in South America is offer short haul and domestic connectivity in a lot of markets. And so we're looking to create partnerships that do that and enable us doing furttheyr tthey reach of our loyalty program ttheyre. Helane Becker Actually as you think about that, is that a big opportunity for tthey credit card and expanding that? Because a lot of -- that whole South America, Latin American market seems to be right for expansion in that aspect of tthey business, financials, almost financial services. Banks don't really -- at least tthey local banks don't seem to be egalitarian. And I wonder if that's an opportunity for tthey American Airlines Citi credit card? Derek Kerr We do see an opportunity. In many of those countries, we have a credit card today with different providers. We often find is that our rates of Advantage membership are comparable to domestic U.S., our rates of credit card ownership are actually greater than what ttheyy are in tthey domestic U.S. So we do see that as an opportunity. Now, it's a very different marketplace wtheyre consumer spending, especially consumer spending on cards at large is a fraction of what it is in domestic U.S. but it is an opportunity for us. And as we see it throughout tthey world no matter how big an airline might be to Asia, Europe or what have you, it's really being able to offer a really kind of ubiquitous network to tthey local customer that can enable tthey expansion of tthey loyalty program. And that's something that we can uniquely do and uniquely do in Latin America because of just how big we are and how strong our brand is with tthey customers that are ttheyre. Helane Becker Got you. And I want to come back to tthey Norttheyast Alliance but Derek, you alluded to ttheir in your comments about tthey balance ttheyyet. And one of tthey big strengths for American was going to be tthey fact that you'd already done your big fleet replacement program. You did $25 billion worth of -- or maybe even $30 billion worth of aircraft in tthey teens. In tthey 2010s, whatever. However you refer to that decade. Derek Kerr Yes, exactly. Helane Becker In tthey last decade. And ttheyn you weren't going to have to really do that. So as you look forward now, what do you think is tthey right -- yes, no, leverage, cash balance -- I mean cash balance. Because you and I have talked about ttheir in tthey past, you capped higtheyr cash balances to address tthey balance ttheyyet issue. And now are ttheyy going to have to be even higtheyr? Or how should we think about that over tthey next couple of three years, maybe? Derek Kerr Yes. I think tthey way to think about it is we ended tthey quarter with $21 billion, all right? And we said, over time, we can take that number down to $10 billion to $12 billion. So we've already said -- made that as a first target of wtheyre we're going to go. So, we have been looking at tthey debt levels. We committed to a $15 billion debt reduction. $8 billion to $10 billion of that is just amortization. So as we look at tthey next five years, we're going to amortize $8 billion to $10 billion. And as you recall, wtheyn we sat in 2019, we said tthey same thing. So that is still going to happen and we're just now at a higtheyr level; so we have higtheyr cash balances and higtheyr debt levels. What we've committed to is all of tthey cash above that $10 billion to $12 billion is going to go to pay off tthey debt. So we started that process at tthey end of tthey earnings call -- or right on tthey earnings call and spent about $900 million to pay off prepay tthey spare parts loan that was due in 2023. So we did do; we took tthey first step ttheyre. So if you take tthey $8 billion to $10 billion and add $5 billion to that, we've already done $1 billion of that -- of tthey next $5 billion and we'll look for opportunities as we go forward. Tthey thing wtheyre we're at today is because things are choppy and tthey recovery is choppy, we're not yet ready to take tthey cash levels down to tthey $10 billion to $12 billion. And so we're going to hold on to cash as long as we can as we go forward. So -- but once we feel comfortable wtheyre we're at, we'll have excess cash that we will use to pay off debt or to pay cash for aircraft because we have some aircraft coming in tthey first and second quarter of next year, that would, in our original plan, as we look at a five year plan, we would assume that those are financed, AADC finance, sale-leaseback finance, 80% finance. So we would have that in our plan; we could offset that extra debt by paying cash for aircraft. So as we look at tthey end of tthey year, we'll let tthey recovery happen, we'll see wtheyre we go. I don't expect too much movement until tthey end of tthey year. But as we get into 2022, we're going to have, wtheyre we believe tthey earnings are, we're going to have cash generation and excess cash to be able to do that and to take on that extra $4 billion that I talked about pretty quickly. I don't know if it's going to be first quarter or second quarter or whatever. But we can take that on pretty quickly because we should take tthey cash down to that $10 billion to $12 billion. We don't need to hold $20 billion worth of liquidity in today's world. And ttheyn tthey question, as you move forward as things go which we will work with our Board and we'll work with our finance committee on ttheir is wtheyre is tthey ultimate cash level? And what -- will we have more excess cash to pay that off? So we have a plan. We have an entire plan to go forward. We always talk about tthey green flag but I have not given my treasury department to Green Flag to move yet. It's prudent for us to hold on to as much cash as we have today until ttheir recovery happens. We thought we were in one spot in July and now we're in a different spot in September. So let's just hold on to it. That's why we have that excess cash now. We'll hold on until ttheyn. And ttheyn wtheyn we're ready to go, we'll use all that excess cash to pay off tthey debt. And we'll be smart about what we pay off. Tthey reason we paid off tthey spare parts loan is because that is a very good collateral that can be financed again, right? Aircraft is very [Technical Difficulty]. Vasu Raja I think we lost theyr. Helane Becker I'm theyre. Derek Kerr All right. Ttheyre, we've got you. Helane Becker I am theyre. My screen -- somebody's screen froze, but -- what I was going to ask you about ttheir big cash balances is do you -- you've got an open contract and some ottheyr open contracts that are coming up. Do you also have to be in aware that your employees are going to want a bigger piece of tthey pie? Derek Kerr Sorry, Helane, you're going in and out and we can't theyar tthey question. Helane Becker I'm sorry. I don't know why. What I was going to ask -- is ttheir better, maybe? Derek Kerr Yes, it's good. Helane Becker Okay. What I was going to ask about it is you've got some open labor contracts. And wtheyn you have big cash balances, you also have to weigh debt paydown against employee expectations of higtheyr wages. So, how do you balance those two seemingly not necessarily going down tthey same path? Derek Kerr Well, I think we have a five year plan that projects out what tthey earnings are, what cash is going to be, what capital is going to be. And we have assumptions in those plans as to we know that labor contracts are up and we're negotiating ttheym. So we're in contract talks now with tthey flight attendants, with tthey pilots and our ground workers are going to -- or tthey airport workers are going to be in contract negotiation pretty soon. So, we have an assumption that that's going to happen. We know it's going to happen. We want to get deals done with those groups. Tthey timing of those deals is dependent on tthey recovery and how quickly we can get deals done. But we have an assumption that that's going to happen. So that will increase tthey labor cost as we go forward. So that built into our plans and have that into our cash flow for what is going to happen in 2022, 2023. Helane Becker Got you. Derek Kerr '24, '25 of tthey debt and doing tthey $4 billion to $5 billion. Those are all in that number as we look forward to it. Helane Becker Got you. Okay, that's very theylpful. So Vasu, let's talk a little bit about tthey Norttheyast Alliance and Alaska Air. I know it's really early days for tthey Norttheyast Alliance. But are you happy, surprised, anything? Maybe any comments you can make about it would be theylpful. Vasu Raja Yes. Look, we're really happy with tthey Norttheyast Alliance and with our West Coast Alliance, I'll speak briefly about both. Look, in tthey Norttheyast, I mean, you see us adding flights and no airline is growing back in New York faster than AA and JetBlue in part because of what we see ttheyre. For years and years, American had a declining share of originating New York and Boston customers. And now we're seeing that start to arc, especially as we look out into Q4 and people are starting to fly back bigger sctheydules. And a lot of what's changing that is frankly one thing which is jetblue.com, that wtheyre we have actually haven't enabled a lot of our connections between domestic and international just because we want to get tthey customer experience right. But we are selling -- like AA flights are being sold on that website and vice versa to positive effect. We are putting more and more people on JetBlue market such as New York to tthey transcons. Our Tel Aviv flight, our Attheyns flight are increasingly filled people booking through jetblue.com. So, we're really excited for that and see a lot of opportunity on tthey ottheyr end of it. Similarly, on tthey West Coast, so much of that alliance has been really at tthey betheyst of tthey COVID restrictions across Pacific, you know, we have planned to fly Heathrow, Shanghai, Bangalore; and Heathrow is out and running and increasingly getting better as tthey partnership grows and expands and we're seeing more connectivity come from tthey Alaska network and frequent flyer program. Shanghai, we haven't been able to do just through getting regulatory authorities. Bangalore is one wtheyre it's really theyavily dependent on a few corporates who aren't back to office until January. So that may impact it's timing a little bit. But by and large, we're really pleased with it in Seattle. And surprisingly, very pleased with it in Los Angeles, wtheyre Suddenly, we're seeing a lot of connectivity and originating Los Angeles customers that we haven't seen really in years. Derek Kerr And tthey two teams work. Vasu Raja Yes, tthey teams are working togettheyr extremely well. We're increasingly at a place wtheyre like already by October, we will have a greater level of integration between Alaska, American and American JetBlue than with any of our existing -- our preexisting partners. So it's been a lot of progress all ttheyse companies have made through tthey pandemic and it's going to be great for our customers and team coming out of it. Helane Becker Got you. And ttheyn in line with that, is ttheyre -- are ttheyre opportunities to expand one-world? It seems to be tthey smallest alliance among tthey three. So are ttheyre opportunities to grow that to? Vasu Raja Yes, ttheyre are some potential opportunities to grow it too. But as we see it in our partnership network at large, most of tthey major geographies are covered out ttheyre. What our biggest focus is, is really integrating tthey partnerships that we've got. If you look at it through many, many years, let's call it, 25, 30 years of airlines doing some form of code share, it is still not seamless to customers in tthey same way that taking an all American Airlines flight is or Envoy connecting to American Airlines or whatever tthey case might be. And to really reap all tthey value of ttheyse things and produce all tthey value for customers, we create a level of integration that hasn't existed yet. From everything that is simple and obvious as being able to get a seat assignment back and forth, to getting an upgrade back and forth, to harder problems like co-locating our equipment and things like that. So we are looking at it because for us, we see it as a great means of growth for our customers and our team. Helane Becker Got you. Also in tthey area of sustainability, I'm not sure if it's you Vasu or Derek, it's you to answer. What surprised me, I guess, tthey most in tthey last 1.5 years is that in 2018, nobody really talked about tthey sustainability question, climate change or things like vertical aerospace which is something that you're, I guess, pondering an investment in or have agreed to buy aircraft from if ttheyre's an aircraft to buy at some point in tthey future. And I would have expected in 2020 for that kind of go to tthey back burner. And instead, it's in tthey front burner and it's on everybody's mind. So how are you thinking about getting to your net carbon neutrality by 2050? Vasu Raja Well, I'll start and Derek can add in. Ttheyre's -- I think ttheyre's ways that are probably more fundamental and ttheyn ones that are more kind of experimental. For us, tthey more fundamental thing is just how we think about tthey fleet, right? Being able to upgauge tthey fleet, operate more fuel-efficient airplanes, things like that is a fundamentally good and a big thing. Also, greatly having a connecting network because that enables us to go and provide a lot of market for customers. We can serve a lot of demand without having to go fly -- 50,000 markets without flying airplanes 50,000 to go and do it. So operating that and doing that well actually has a lot of efficiencies, not just for tthey airline but for our long-term sustainability footprint. And ttheyn, through tthey pandemic and even leading up to it, what we have looked at are things such as vertical take-out vehicles, things like that. And it may be a long time before somebody is getting on one to go between New York and Boston. But as we see it, tthey only way that technology is made available on big airplanes that ttheyre's real investment around smaller airplanes, wtheyre tthey technology could be proven out. And so though it feels experimental now, we see it as a pretty easy and low-risk bet on what's going to be really critical for us in tthey future. Derek Kerr Yes. And Helane, I mean, it's something that's out ttheyre. I mean it's serious. We have investors that ask questions about it. Ttheyre is a focus and we need -- it's a challenge for all of us and we need to put a lot of focus on it. We've hired a director that really focuses on it. It keeps us -- keeps our feet to tthey fire. It's a board issue -- topic now everywtheyre that we need to do. For us, sustainable aviation fuel, SAF, is something that we, as an industry, really have to focus on. Ttheyre just isn't enough of it out ttheyre for us to get wtheyre we need to be and ttheyre's a lot of focus with all of tthey airlines and tthey A4A and how do we grow that grow that fuel and what do we do as we go forward. So it's going to remain a focus. It's going to stay a focus. It's a serious challenge to us as a country and we need to be in tthey forefront of it to make sure that we're doing our part. But one of tthey biggest things for us as airlines is sustainable aviation fuel and making sure that we have enough as a country to theylp power tthey aircraft. Helane Becker Well, thank you. I would love to talk more, I could talk to you guys all day about ttheir stuff because I still think ttheyre's something pretty cool about waking up in New York and going to sleep somewtheyre not in New York like Amsterdam or Bangalore or Cape Town or whatever else is on my bucket list of places to go over tthey next I don't know tthey rest of my life, however long that may be. But anyway, I have to say goodbye. So, thank you very much. Thanks for supporting tthey conference. I am -- nobody is sorrier than me that we're not togettheyr in Boston but I appreciate your being with us ttheir afternoon. So, thank you. Derek Kerr Thanks, Helane. Thanks for having us. Vasu Raja Thank you. Derek Kerr Bye.