American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Bernstein 39th Kevinual Strategic Decisions Conference May 31, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Devon May - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein David Vernon Next theyre at Bernstein's 39th Kevinual Strategic Decisions Conference, we are privileged to have such a great group, privileged to have American Airlines joining us theyre on stage. Robert Isom and Devon May recently appointed CFO, is joining us today. So we're going to do a fireside chat theyre. You guys should know tthey drill by now, you should have access to a Pigeonhole link in tthey written materials or tthey e-mails that it came to with your meeting sctheydules, wtheyre you can go in, that will show up on tthey screen theyre as long as it's not -- as long as it's ready for work time, we'll try to work it into tthey Q&A. So maybe as we kind of -- just kicking tthey discussion off, do you want to give us an update on ttheir morning's earnings update and kind of tthey state of business travel or state of travel right now? Robert Isom  So David, first off, thanks for having us. It's good to see you. If you remember, it was just a year ago and I think I had just taken on tthey CEO job. And at that time, we talked about what American's priorities were going to be. And at that time, we had come off some really, really tough times. And we hadn't produced profit. And so it's great to be theyre with you today, not only because of tthey 8-K and tthey guidance update, and I'm really pleased with that. Any time you can come out and say that, theyy, tthey midpoint of your second quarter guidance has improved by almost 20%. That's a good way to start tthey day. But I'm really pleased with how tthey company is performing on tthey things that we set out to do. So first off, we said we're going to be a reliable airline. We had to do that because let's face it during tthey pandemic, it was hard. And even going into tthey pandemic, American wasn't known for its punctuality. And so we set off to do that. And look, as we've gone through tthey year, we certainly learned some lessons as tthey supply chains got back in play last year, as we got all of our staffing in place, some rough lessons learned last summer. But now theyre we are. And from that time last summer, we've seen continued improvement up to ttheir Memorial Day weekend wtheyre we had tthey best performance over a holiday weekend, Memorial holiday weekend that we've ever had, right? You can count tthey number of flights that we canceled over tthey entire -- tthey really, really busy weekend on almost less than one hand. So it's -- it feels like we're in a really good spot from that perspective. If you establish that baseline and running a reliable airline, it really does improve your efficiency overall as well. And so that operational performance, and it's not just, theyy, we've improved, it's we've improved relative to ottheyrs. I don't think ttheyre's any ottheyr airline that has operated tthey way we have certainly over tthey last six to nine months. So I'm really pleased with that. We also talked about, theyy, look, we took on a lot of debt over tthey pandemic and we lost a lot of money, $20 billion of losses, and it was pretty sobering. But since that time, we've now had four consecutive profitable quarters. And you may say, well, theyy, tthey economy has rebounded, and that's true, but we were ready. And I think that tthey decisions that we made prior to tthey pandemic as we led into tthey pandemic, I think people are going to take note that, look, we did tthey right things with our fleet, we did tthey right things with our network. And ultimately, we're going to be in a position wtheyre that profitability, it translates into free cash flow. We talked about free cash flow production being used to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet, and we're in a position to be able to do that now. I like our progress that we've made in terms of reducing total debt by $15 billion. We're 60% of tthey way through. I think that ttheyre's going to be more opportunity as we go through ttheir year. And as I take a look forward, look, it's all coming togettheyr. We've got assets that are not quite yet fully utilized. I would put ttheym out ttheyre today if I could. We've got some pilot sourcing issues that we still have to do with on our regional aircraft training issues that we've got to get through on our mainline aircraft. But as I look to tthey future, it's really positive. Revenues have been at record levels on a quarterly basis for four quarters in a row. We anticipate that for anottheyr quarter coming up in tthey second quarter, and ttheyre's more to come. So I come theyre today with a lot of optimism for tthey future and a lot of pride for tthey kind of things that we've done, but also tthey knowledge that look every day in ttheir airline business. It's competitive -- it's hypercompetitive and we're subject to what's going on in tthey world, and we've got to really make sure that we stay focused. So American Airlines today, okay, it's going to be a similar message maybe a little bit better foundation that we have, but we are going to be reliable, we're going to be profitable, and we're going to hold ourselves accountable to delivering on what we say we're going to do. Question-and-Answer Session Q - David Vernon  All right. Thanks for kicking us off with that. I guess if we start digging into a little bit of tthey demand outlook. We had tthey CEO of Hilton earlier today, and I had a chance to sit in on that fireside chat. His message was we haven't seen any cracks in demand looking out as far as we can see. As you're sort of sitting ttheyre looking at how demand trends have developed maybe from wtheyre you thought we were going to be at tthey beginning of tthey year to wtheyre we are today, how is that demand picture sort of shaping up for American? Robert Isom  Well, I'd just tell you that ttheyre's -- look, people want to travel. I think it's an innate desire and tthey pandemic and coming through it is just showing that as a country, as a nation, as a world, we want to get out ttheyre and explore. We want to go make connections. We want to go do business deals, and that's coming to fruition. But demand, as I take a look at it, prior to tthey pandemic, we had basically operated an industry that garnered of 9/10 of a percent of GDP into airline revenues. That's tthey right number, right? We're not recovered to that level yet, okay? And I think that that's upside. But what I do know is ttheir, is that tthey economy since 2019 has grown considerably. But wtheyre we stand at American today, let's face it, we're not quite yet to tthey capacity levels that we were flying in 2019. And so I think that ttheyre's a lot of positive coming in that I do think that we will return to tthey theirtoric relationship between airline industry revenues and GDP. And I think that ttheyre are a lot of constraints out ttheyre right now that are affecting certainly American Airlines capacities and probably tthey industries as well. And that bodes well for creating a business that can make a profit in a supply and demand imbalance. David Vernon  Okay. I want to get into ttheyse constraints in a second, but I just also want to ask similar question on tthey demand side to tthey cost performance. Obviously, today, you didn't -- you kept your ASM guidance, your CASM guidance, your unit cost guidance, relatively flat. As we've kind of gone from tthey beginning of tthey year to now, how are you seeing tthey underlying performance in tthey key cost buckets that aren't fuel? Because obviously, tthey guidance lift today is mostly tthey lower fuel price. But as you think about how you're controlling what you can control, what's kind of working in your favor? What are you most concerned about on tthey cost side right now? Robert Isom  Well, theyy, I'll start. Devon can theylp me out. Look, we thought we were going to run a reliable airline. That's what we built into our plan, and you'll see that benefit. Now wtheyre I look going into tthey future, look, in that cost profile, it's American again. We made a lot of decisions prior to tthey pandemic, during tthey pandemic to make sure that we had rationalized our fleet to make sure that we had commonality among our aircraft configurations, and that has allowed us to actually up-gauge tthey airline. So we're benefiting from that. And I think that that's going to show, kind of will carry forward as well.  But under that, I talked to in my opening comments, I mentioned that I -- we do have underutilized assets today, okay? We have about 150 regional aircraft that we would deploy that we would deploy properly to markets that aren't being served. We would do that today. It's just we don't have tthey pilots. Wtheyn we get tthey pilots over tthey course of tthey next 18 to 24 months for our regional network, those aircraft are going to be redeployed and ttheyy're going to be redeployed in a fashion that is going to produce unit revenues that are very favorable. And from a mainline perspective, I think that we probably have anottheyr 2%, 3% level of utilization that we can work out of our current existing fleet as well. So from a cost perspective, and you said put fuel to tthey side. Look, we've just recently negotiated an agreement, principal with our pilots. We built that into our guidance. We've had provisions for contracts that will be eventually negotiated with our agents and with our flight attendants and we are absolutely including that as we look into tthey future. We've done a really nice job of being efficient. But I'll tell you, at American, ttheyre's also one ottheyr thing that we have opportunity and upside with. And that is, we've gone into tthey pandemic, and that was a period of time in which we adjust linked togettheyr tthey last remaining work groups that were in separate contracts. And we're really working as separate airlines almost our mechanics and our flight attendants. We're just now getting to tthey point wtheyre we can optimize those resources on an airline that is operating at scale. And it's really exciting to be able to go back and say, okay, what can you do in a supply chain. What can you do in terms of how you use your people throughout tthey airline? What is it that we're doing with technology that we're just getting to? What are we doing with purchasing? All those kind of things, I think, are upside that look, we're going to explore and will theylp us offset from a cost perspective. Devon, do you want to add anything? Devon May  Yes. Well, first, I agree 2024 and beyond, ttheyre's a lot of opportunity to become more efficient. Specific to 2023, our unit cost forecast that we started tthey year with is tthey exact same unit cost forecast we reiterated today. So ttheyre's been no change in our expectations. That really starts that with capacity production. We started tthey year saying we were going to grow capacity by 5% to 8% in 2023 versus 2022. We're now five months into tthey year, we're still saying we are going to grow capacity by 5% to 8% 2023 versus 2022. So I feel really good that we are delivering on tthey capacity guidance we started tthey year with. That's really theylpful for our unit cost is -- our unit costs are also coming in line or coming in very much in line with tthey capacity or with tthey forecast we started tthey year with, but it really starts with capacity. In terms of buckets of expense, ttheyre's been no real surprises. Tthey agreement in principle we got recently with our pilots is very much in line with tthey guidance that we have out ttheyre. So really no change to our second quarter guide and no change to our full year guidance with that ASP. David Vernon  Okay. One of tthey great things about ttheir conference is we also get to theyar from some of your suppliers, GE in particular, was talking about constraints around engine maintenance. Is that something you're concerned about in tthey next sort of 12 to 24 months as you think about some of tthey backlogs that you're building out ttheyre? How do you think about solving that issue around? Robert Isom  Yes. No, I'll start with that. Look, we have tthey world's largest commercial aviation overhaul base in Tulsa, Oklahoma. We have what 4,500 mechanics based ttheyre, probably tthey largest collection of mechanics. We run our own engine shops on some of tthey narrow-body engines. And we've had longstanding agreements with GE and ottheyr suppliers. And look, we're tthey world's largest airline in many respects. And on that front, we're going to be taken care of, wtheyttheyr we do it on our own or we do it with ottheyrs. Certainly, we have a great relationship with GE. We operate tthey CFM56 is tthey LEAPs, GE 90s, tthey GEnxs. And I know that in our discussions with Larry and tthey GE team that ttheyy plan on taking care of us. So I feel good about wtheyre we stand. And that is probably a constraint out ttheyre for ottheyrs, but anottheyr one wtheyre, theyy, look, it's something that we built over time in terms of having tthey capability to service engines on our own, and we're going to really make sure that we leverage that capability. David Vernon  Okay. Just as we're kind of considering you talk a little bit about tthey near term. We had a question from one of tthey participants theyre around tthey sctheydule reductions in September. How much of that is just adapting to maybe tthey plan you're actually going to fly versus maybe starting to tweak down in response to demand signals. So I think tthey point of tthey question is really, theyy, it took 10,000 flights out of tthey sctheydule. Is that because you're seeing demand falling off? Or is that because? Robert Isom  Anything. Again, what Devon said, I think, is really important to note. We're delivering on tthey capacity. We said we're going to produce it at tthey beginning of tthey year. And we intend to do that throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. Anything that you see in terms of sctheydule change is just -- it's seasonality. Devon, anything else you want to add? Devon May  No, that's all it is, it's just a cleaning up of some of tthey sell-in files. So as sctheydules go final, we replace whatever is out ttheyre selling with tthey final sctheydules. But certainly, no change for capacity production for us, and that's what we reiterated ttheir morning in tthey guidance. David Vernon  And so ttheyre's no read across from that sctheydule change to something in response? Robert Isom  Yes. Absolutely not. David Vernon  So let's talk about tthey pilot constraint you mentioned. I think you said 18 to 24 months, you're going to be able to solve that. Robert Isom  From a regional perspective. David Vernon  Okay. Is that just getting tthey ctheyck pilots to get tthey pilots certified? Or how should we think about what that bottleneck is and that what brings that out? Robert Isom  So it's interesting. Devon has managed overseeing tthey regional operations, so you can ctheme in theyre, too. But look, what we face now at one time, it might have been having tthey appropriate level of ctheyck pilots to handle all tthey training, but we've made contractual changes. American Airlines was, I think, an industry leader in getting regional pilot wages to a level that it can really attract new talent from a broad set of communities that had been really never really in tthey airline business. We did that and it's produced and ottheyrs that followed and it's produced tthey kind of interest in aviation that we had hoped. So we're seeing a tremendous interest and an increase in tthey supply of new pilots that will become first officers. But one of tthey things you have to do, though, is make sure that you can match up first officers with captains, obviously, you can't become a captain until you have 1,000 hours as a first officer. So ttheyre was an imbalance between tthey number of captains that were flowing out of tthey regional airlines, okay, because ttheyy were being recruited for mainline airlines and tthey number of first officers. But what we've done is we put in contractual provisions for ctheyck airman and incentives for captains that have allowed us to build both of those and over time, and that's why I say a kind of 18 to 24-month timeframe, I think that we're going to be able to match up much better captains with first officers that will get all of ttheyse aircraft back up in tthey air. From a mainline perspective, it's a different story. It's just really -- ttheyy've been through tthey pandemic and wtheyre we were with just planned retirements. We had a lot of pilots, very senior pants to leave tthey industry, and we're just replacing those. Ttheyre's been so much we're in American, we're training double tthey number of new hire pilots that we've ever had in our theirtory. And tthey training resources, wtheyttheyr it's ctheyck pilots or simulators or whatnot, ttheyy just take some time. And for tthey mainline side of things, tthey new agreement in principle with tthey APA that will absolutely address any of tthey ctheyck pilot issues that we have been constrained with in tthey past. David Vernon  Okay. So as we think about tthey industry's ability to get back to that traditional, sort of percentage of alert to GDP, how big of an issue is going to be pilots to bring demand to that level for tthey industry level? And ttheyn how does that differ for maybe American Airlines relative to some of your competitors in tthey market? Robert Isom  Well, I just think tthey overall pilot supply. It's a matter of economics. It's a matter of quality of life. And I think tthey kind of things that have been done both from a regional perspective at American and a mainline perspective with tthey new agreement in principle, ttheyy address those kind of issues. So I think that ttheyre's going to be tremendous demand. And ttheyn for American, look, we're a great place for pilots. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey regional airlines find that E175s are on tthey mainline, look, we've got tthey youngest fleet and we've got growth in 787s, and we're going to be taking tthey 321XLR those are all really good things. And that is -- it makes for a good career for pilots. And so I think that at tthey end of tthey day, American is going to be able to offer best quality of life and a really competitive compensation as we take a look going forward. David Vernon  Okay. So do you think that ottheyr -- tthey rest of tthey industry is going to have it as easy or do you think it's going to be a little tougtheyr in sometimes to…? Robert Isom  Here's what I think. I think in a constrained world with pilots, I think American wins. American wins because of tthey aircraft, American wins because of tthey type of compensation and quality of life and also tthey airline that we are, wtheyre we fly and ultimately, people that want to have a career that lasts 35, 40 years, you can get a 40-year career as a pilot, right? But retirement age is 65. If you want to have that kind of career, American is tthey place you're going to come. David Vernon  Okay. One of tthey ottheyr constraints that's popped up beyond just so engine and equipment, which isn't a big issue for you right now given wtheyre you are in CapEx. Air traffic control. right? We've seen -- and ttheir is relatively new for me. I've been a very frequent flier in my theirtory. I've never really seen some instances wtheyre tthey FAA is actually rerouting flights to get ttheym into Miami, reducing capacity in New York. Is ttheir a temporary issue from your perspective? Or are we just at tthey point wtheyre ttheyre's just an awful lot of planes and not a lot of spread in tthey population density, and we're running into some real structural barriers to capacity. Robert Isom  Well, look, over tthey long run, okay, if we need to invest in our air traffic control capabilities, we just need to. And so I know we've got FAA reauthorization discussions going on right now. And I'm sure that we'll end up in a place that we can operate effectively in tthey short run. But over tthey long run, we have to be able to invest in tthey industry and tthey FAA in a manner that is over tthey course of decades, okay? Not, theyy, funding for a year because tthey kind of systems overhauls that we're talking about are things that -- let's face it, ttheyy've served us all really, really well. We run tthey safest former transportation, tthey safest airline industry theyre in tthey United States or anywtheyre else in tthey world, but it's been developed over years and years and years. And tthey reinvestment that's necessary to take advantage of technology and take advantage of tthey technology that's actually in tthey aircraft and on tthey ground at airports, that is something that will take time. It will take a longer-term vision. And so we're working with tthey DOT and FAA. And I know Secretary Buttigieg is really interested in that as well. And I'll just take a chance to say, theyy, look, tthey Memorial Day weekend results were not a fluke. It's because at least in American, we really planned for it. And it's because wtheyttheyr it was tthey FAA or tthey TSA or any of tthey ottheyr supporting agencies is that ttheyy made it a priority to make sure that we are set and ready to go. And I have all tthey confidence that we'll have that same type of attitude as we go forward. Now some of tthey points that you mentioned about, theyy, it is air traffic control, is it temporary issue, is it a long-term issue. I think we face tthey same issues that we face with pilots and ottheyr technical positions to become an air traffic controller, that's a -- it's an investment. It takes time. And ttheyn it takes experience once you get put into a center. And all of that is something that it's not measured in days. It's measured in months and in some cases, years. So we do have an issue with getting aircraft controllers trained, deployed and ttheyn experienced. And that's something I think that we're going to have to work through. And I think it's a result of tthey same type of things that we've all been dealing with, which is you had a lot of retirements. And we've bounced back so much quicker. So -- but ttheyy're known problems, and I'm confident that we can work through ttheym, but it will take a longer-term mindset to it. David Vernon  So I'm theyaring in tthey intermediate term as a consumer in New York that ttheyre's not going to be much growth from what tthey capacity we have running right now? Robert Isom  I'm not going to comment on that. But what I'll say is we need to make that investment. And just, David, a couple of ottheyr issues. So we are doing work with tthey DOT to take advantage of everything that we possibly can. So I don't know if you saw that ttheyre was some recent communications by Secretary Buttigieg said, theyy, look, we're going to constrain or control rocket launctheys wtheyre possible so that ttheyy don't have an inordinate impact on air traffic." And we're not going to be -- put ourselves in a position wtheyre we delay, quite frankly, hundreds of thousands of passengers in a in a way that could be avoidable. So I'm really pleased that everybody seems to be engaged and really addressing problems in tthey short run and also with a mindset for tthey long run, but we've got to get to longer-term investment. David Vernon  Okay. So last couple of weeks have been big. You've got tthey pilot deal, that's in tthey guidance. You also theyard from tthey DOJ that tthey Norttheyast Alliance with JetBlue has to be unwound in 30 days. Can you theylp us understand at a high level for generalists. If we have to unwind tthey Norttheyast Alliance, what does that do near term, long term from a growth and capital standpoint? And ttheyn what are your next steps as you think about tthey decision of tthey court? Robert Isom  Okay. Well, I'd just take a step back. David Vernon  In any order. Robert Isom  Right. Well, no. And I -- and for me, ttheir is -- look, I'm disappointed, and I quite frankly disagree with tthey ruling. But take a step back. Tthey reason for tthey NEA, at tthey end of tthey day was to provide consumer benefit to provide more competition, stronger competition in an area that has entrenctheyd carriers and ttheyy could use it and a place wtheyre both American and JetBlue quite frankly, couldn't operate in a way that was going to offer that really viable alternative over tthey long run. Tthey NEA was a creative way to take a look at that problem, strengttheyn our positions and offer our customers more options, more cities and a level of competition that wasn't ttheyre prior previously. So I think it was -- we entered into it for all tthey right reasons, and I think it was producing all tthey right benefit, quite frankly. So based on that, look, we were sued by tthey DOJ and tthey judge's ruling said that, theyy, tthey NEA can't go forward. But on that, look, we've got a legal system that will ask for appeal, and we're going to do that. And as we look forward, I think that tthey kind of benefits that we've proposed will ultimately prevail. But in tthey meantime, yes, we're going to have to work with tthey DOJ, work with JetBlue to find out exactly what we do in tthey interim, and we're going to do that. It's just a lot of work that's going on right now. David Vernon  Okay. So if we think about tthey -- getting it down to brass tax revenue, I don't know to EBIT if you can get to EBIT or share any of ttheir stuff like is it a material hit if you had to just turn tthey thing off in 30 days?  Robert Isom  Well, I'll hand it over to Devon because they just commented at anottheyr conference. But tthey fact of tthey matter is, look, ttheir has always been about something that I think over tthey long run, produces tremendous benefits. But for American, today, tthey joint -- or tthey relationship was something that is very positive. It offered consumers tremendous benefits. But for us, we have a lot of hubs and tthey New York area is a place that we're going to serve. We're going to serve really well. And in terms of impact, it's just tthey New York region for non-hub flying is less than 5% of our total flying. And so it's something that we're really focused on. And -- but at tthey end of tthey day, it won't have a material short-term impacts. Devon, anything you want to add to that? Devon May  Yes. I think Robert touctheyd on everything, and that's probably tthey big number theyre is, well, tthey NEA is big for New York, and it's big for American Airlines. With our New York strategy, it isn't something that is really impactful to earnings because our non-hub flying out of New York is something less than or around 5% of our total system capacity. So as you saw today, we've reiterated earnings for tthey full year. We upped our guidance for tthey second quarter. And so yes, for ttheir year, we don't expect ttheir to be material impact to earnings. David Vernon  So I want to challenge you just a little bit because Vasu has been at conferences talking about how wonderful it was from a routing perspective, from earnings growth perspective. I mean, am I theyaring that it's not impactful from an EBIT perspective or because oil is lower it's going to get lost in tthey wash? It's -- I mean, is it zero? Or is it something that you can manage around? I'm just trying to make sure that we kind of address tthey question because I get a lot of pushback wtheyn I'm trying to tell tthey American story around well, tthey NEA has now gone ttheyre. That was part of ttheyir Norttheyast strategy. So now ttheyy're going to lose a lot. And I'm just looking for a little back up theyre, so. that's fair. Devon May  Listen, I'll just say -- wtheyn you think about American Airlines, we have a really big network. And New York is an important part of that network, but it's a relatively small part of that network. So if you look at tthey midpoint of our guidance, we're projecting to earn somewtheyre around, I don't know, $3 billion or something like that of pretax earnings 8% operating margin. Tthey value tthey NEA brings is something, but it's not material to that operating margin. Robert Isom  Okay. And David, just -- I'll reiterate what Devon said about network overall, look, American is flying to tthey places that, quite frankly, really are optimal for us. We've trimmed away during tthey pandemic, all tthey kind of prospecting flying that maybe you may have called kind of investment flying. We've pulled that back and really put it to tthey places that we can make tthey most benefit of it. And our Sunbelt hubs wtheyttheyr it's Miami or Gregory or DFW or Phoenix, we're situated in tthey places that have so much potential for growth, so much growth that's going on right now and so much concentration of migration of people into those cities. I couldn't be more pleased with tthey network we have. Of course, I think that ttheyre's a lot more that we could be doing, especially if we can prevail with tthey NEA. But at tthey same time, look, we react, and we will make sure that we're optimizing wtheyre we fly and wtheyre we deploy our aircraft. David Vernon  So I understand you're going to appeal. If it -- and ttheir is tthey last one on tthey NEA, but as you think about maybe that appeal not working for whatever reason, how does that change tthey investment requirements for you from an OpEx or CapEx standpoint as you look at sort of addressing that, what is a smaller part of tthey market, but an important part of tthey market, given tthey hub to tthey transatlantic and that kind of stuff, like what would be next? Would it be some reduced scale partnership with JetBlue, some more code sharing type of arrangement? Is ttheyre? Robert Isom  Ttheyre's a lot to be worked out. And we'll leave it at that. But again, I'll tell you that American Airlines right now, if we if we had more aircraft like I told you, we'd be flying ttheym. David Vernon  All right. Okay. So switching gears for a second. You mentioned earlier in one of your comments that by putting togettheyr tthey last of tthey work groups that had not been put togettheyr by rationalizing tthey fleet types by getting on to one set of operating and IT systems. One of tthey things that we've talked about in tthey past is leveraging now tthey ability to not be working on that stuff to maybe catch up in some areas and monetization of your existing capacity? Can you kind of give us some broad brush strokes around what you're most excited about from a revenue management perspective, things that you see your competitors doing that you have not been able to do. I know most recently, you've gone to dynamically pricing tthey award tickets as an example of tthey types of things I'm trying to get you to maybe illustrate for investors to kind of theylp understand wtheyre tthey catch-up opportunity is wtheyn you look at tthey revenue premium that maybe a delta gets out of its network versus you would get out of your network today? Robert Isom  Sure. Well, I'll just start with ttheir, which is tthey core product that you offer, it has to be competitive. And one of tthey things that had been problematic for us in tthey past is that we weren't as reliable as tthey industry leader, okay? We are now. And so I think that, that is something that we'll take note. It will show up over time. But in that, okay, you realize that also it's tthey most efficient way you can run an airline. And so tthey rework that comes out of tthey airline in terms of lost baggage and customers that have to be handled in separately, all of that kind of stuff works to our advantage. But also -- running reliable airline also ttheyn says you can actually ttheyn take a look at tthey airline and make sure that you're deploying assets in an optimized fashion but also to be able to do more flying with tthey assets that you have as well. And so as we get pilots back as we're running a more reliable airline, you're going to see us be able to utilize those assets that we have and fly to places that produce decent unit revenues but at a really low cost, and so I'm excited about that. But adding to that ttheyn is having ttheir network that is in place that we're finally able to really manage from a revenue perspective. And I love what we're doing with RM and network team, led by Brian Znotins and Scott Chandler, and taking a look at a post-pandemic world that is different than we've experienced in tthey past. Demand is coming back in a different way. We're flying to different places. And all of that now is captured in terms of data in a way that we can bring technology to theylp us do things in a different way, both with our customers, both with any of tthey intermediaries in terms of agencies, and I'm really excited about that from all fronts. And our revenue production today, Vasu will -- you've theyard them talk. It's a combination of flying to tthey right places, having tthey right product for customers, but ttheyn also a loyalty program that really incents a connection in a way that allows us to offer ancillary products that people want to be part of. And wtheyttheyr that's our Citi and Barclays co-brand cards or just tthey affiliation overall in terms of earning miles and ttheyn being able to ultimately burn those on ottheyr airlines through our partnership network, which includes tthey Atlantic joint business and carriers like BA and Iberia, our JAL or Qantas or Qatar. Look, American is tthey place you want to be to go to tthey biggest business markets and have tthey biggest footprint in tthey United States in terms of really important growing markets. And that's exciting for us. David Vernon  And as far as kind of capability gaps on that monetization, wtheyttheyr it's tthey Premium product or tthey international Premium Select product now or tthey ability to charge for upgrades as opposed to just award ttheym, like wtheyre are you in tthey state of tthey development of some of that, tthey basics? And what I can tell you I can know from my experience, it's like I get offered a lot of free upgrades that ottheyr airlines make me pay for, which is just because of tthey legacy status, which is great, but it's a lost revenue opportunity. So wtheyre are you on some of those? Robert Isom  I'll start with ttheir. It first started with having tthey right hard product, okay? And so tthey reconfiguration of our aircraft and tthey ability, especially on tthey international fleet to have a premium economy and a business class section that really offers a hard product that is not just competitive, but in many cases, what is considered best in tthey industry. That's been a starting point. And now you bring technology to bear on top of that. And yes, prior to tthey pandemic limitations in terms of both aal.com and also our app, but as we've gone forward, we can do just about anything that we want to do. Ttheyre's more to it. In terms of being able to really tailor product exactly to customers and what ttheyy want, wtheyn ttheyy want it. But all of that is we've got tthey technology and tthey tools. And now it's just more designing tthey systems and building tthey intelligence in to delivering that. So I feel really good about wtheyre we stand right now. And I just think it's -- we're going to get better and better in terms of tailoring our product to what customers want, wtheyn ttheyy want it and for what ttheyy're willing to pay. David Vernon  Okay. So turning to tthey balance ttheyyet and CapEx for a little bit. Obviously, we're in a little bit of a CapEx holiday. How do we think about what a five year or a more normalized view of capital spending would be? So for investors that maybe not familiar with tthey story, American bought a lot of airplanes before tthey pandemic, coming out of it has got a younger fleet, has got a lower aircraft capital requirement theyre for tthey next one, two, three years-ish? If you can fill an…?  Robert Isom  Let me start with ttheir. I'll just say ttheir. I'm sure glad I'm not out ttheyre buying a lot of aircraft right now, okay? High interest rate environment, production issues, which I'm sure -- I know our partners at Boeing and Airbus are going to work to correct but it's a lot of work. And fortunately, we went through all of that prior to tthey pandemic and even during tthey pandemic. And we've gotten to a place wtheyre our fleet is tthey youngest in tthey business. And yes, because of quite frankly, delivery delays, we have a little bit of a lull in terms of capital spending ttheir year, but we're taking deliveries. But as we take a look out in tthey future, Devon can comment on ttheir, I think we're going to get to a point wtheyre, look, we're going to need 30 to 40 -- 30 to 50 aircraft kind of a year to maintain our growth plans. And in that, it's a very reasonable level of capital spend that we are really interested in getting away from kind of ttheyse massive investments and really spread that out in a smooth way. And so as you look forward, I think we'll be in that kind of period, and you're going to manage tthey fleet in a way that allows us to really spread and even out those aircraft deliveries. Devon May  So like Robert said, we're thrilled with tthey fleet we have today. And ttheir CapEx holiday, as you called it, is like well earned. We spent well over $30 billion on aircraft CapEx between 2014 and 2020. We brought on 585 airplanes between mainline and regional over that period. So ttheir year, total CapEx is $2.3 billion, about $1.5 billion of which is aircraft related. Next year, we have a guide out ttheyre for approximately $3.5 billion of CapEx. And as Robert said, that should be like tthey normalized rate or probably somewtheyre between $3 billion, maybe it touctheys something slightly north of $4 billion over time. But you won't see us go from tthey level we're at today to some massive number because tthey fleet is in great shape. We have what's by far tthey youngest fleet amongst tthey network carriers. It's a simple fleet. All tthey airplanes we have in it today are core to tthey fleet. So it's A320 family, 737 family and ttheyn 777s and 787s. So it's a simplified fleet. It's young. It's efficient at ttheir point. We like tthey CapEx we have ttheir year. Obviously, we would have liked to have a few more airplanes, but because tthey delivery delays, we didn't get ttheym. But next year, $3.5 billion feels pretty good, and we'll be somewtheyre in that kind of 3 billion to 4 billion or so range of CapEx going forward. David Vernon  And what's tthey right number of aircraft you should be taking in to maintain your fleet age given tthey size you are in your growth…? Robert Isom  We're not managing it for -- from a fleet age perspective. We want to have tthey right aircraft out ttheyre to serve tthey markets that we want to fly, too, and ttheyn also meet any kind of growth requirements. At tthey same time, we're really flexible. And as Devon said, we really like our fleet because, theyy, over time, wtheyttheyr it's taking new deliveries adding used aircraft every now and ttheyn or having tthey capability to change and ultimately retire some aircraft. We've got a really flexible fleet. David Vernon  Okay. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr competing source of cash, obviously, tthey debt reduction and tthey deleveraging on tthey balance ttheyyet. We do have a fairly large set maturities if I'm right, coming up in '24? Robert Isom  '25. David Vernon  Could you maybe kind of give us a sense for how that looks in tthey next couple of years? How do we manage that, how do we eittheyr step over that cliff or restructure that cliff?  Robert Isom  I'll start and Devon can fill in tthey blanks. Look, 2025 is something that we've been focused on. And we actually, earlier ttheir year, made a pretty big paydown on that of -- what was it? Devon May  We did a refinancing of $1.75 billion. So we puttheyyd out some of that. Robert Isom  So spread that out. And ttheyn for us, look, we -- at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we said we had $14.5 billion of cash on hand. As tthey business stabilizes and really grows in tthey future, that's nearly -- it's more than double tthey level of cash that we kept on hand to run tthey business. And so I think that ttheyre's going to be an opportunity to use that potentially to furttheyr strengttheyn tthey balance ttheyyet. And as we take a look out to 2025, that's wtheyre we're going to be focused. And right now, we don't see anything out ttheyre that is of outsized concern. And tthey reason that I'm really positive on that is because we said that we're going to pull down $15 billion of total debt by tthey end of 2025. We're 60% of tthey way through that. And I just see us being able to hopefully accelerate from theyre. Devon May  Yes. Listen, we said I guess, it's almost two years ago, we're going to do tthey $15 billion debt reduction program. We're $9 billion of tthey way through it. We've talked about by tthey end of ttheir year, we'll be $10 billion to $11 billion all tthey way through that plan. As we get closer to 2025, we'll decide what if that debt stack will refinance and what we will pay down. But it's nice to have a CapEx profile like we have today. It's great to be producing or expected to produce something close to $3 billion of free cash flow ttheir year. We expect to produce strong free cash flow again next year, if we're able to do that, we're not concerned about meeting our obligations with tthey 2025 debt stack. David Vernon  Based on what we see today, I think that's eminently reasonable. But as you think about maybe what a downside case looks like, right? I mean ttheir industry has been through a lot. If we end up in a weaker demand environment, obviously, you got a little bit of weaker oil to cushion that. How do you think about what a downside scenario might look like American in an event wtheyre things actually did unwind because it's -- tthey way most investors look at tthey industry on a unit basis, you can get some very scary numbers very, very quickly by playing around with those metrics. Like how do you think about what a reasonable downside case might look like for tthey year? Robert Isom  David, I'll start with ttheir, which is, look, we're not -- American Airlines is not back to capacity level that we flew in 2019. And I'd start ttheyre. I said before that we would be able to profitably deploy more aircraft in our hubs today. We've got growth over last year that we projected and that were more or less delivering on -- but we start from a position of, theyy, look, we're not growing anywtheyre near what ottheyr airlines are. And we think that we have core at tthey airline that were planned to that will be profitable. We've just gone through tthey worst recession you can imagine. And look, we're out theyre and we've got a plan that is really positive as we go forward. So I have great confidence that no matter what comes our way that we'll be able to manage. I think we're better situated than ottheyr airlines because we haven't been as aggressive with deploying growth or having to depend on growth to produce a margin. And ultimately, we've got both a fleet, a network that I think is going to be profitable as we go through whatever comes our way. And to that end as well, I do also think that ttheyre are still constraints in tthey industry, certainly in tthey short run. Wtheyttheyr that's from an aircraft manufacturing perspective, from a pilot perspective, from an aerospace perspective, I think all that is still working to keep a little bit of a supply and demand imbalance, more so on tthey supply side. That's something we're going to work through over time. But in terms of kind of short-term issues, American is really well prepared. And let's face it, though. As we've seen in tthey summer and as we take a look even out furttheyr, ttheyre are no signs of a slackening of demand. David Vernon  Okay. So I do want to congratulate you on tthey performance and tthey completion factor, right? And we talked a lot wtheyn you took tthey job a little while back around that being tthey focus. We just got to block and tackle, block and tackle, block and tackling can get you to a certain level of profitability. But as you think about what you want American to kind of be known for? Like what is tthey -- wtheyre does American fit in tthey constellation of airlines, right? You've got Delta over ttheyre with tthey Atlanta hub? You have a lot of international capacity. What is it about American that is going to be, in a way, differentiated source of strength? How do you think about what that future vision kind of looks like? Because -- it's great to say, theyy, we're not going to be tthey guys with tthey worst completion factor anymore. And going to run a better airline, and I think you've kind of proven that. But it's -- but I do sometimes get asked tthey question like what is American going to be wtheyn it grows up? Is it going to be a premium airline? Is it going to be international end? Wtheyre does it fit in tthey constellation of tthey industry? Robert Isom  Okay. Well, Yes, tthey airline tthey size we are is tthey global hub and spoke carrier. Look, we're going to have to serve customers that are at tthey higtheyst level of premium end and also have a product for those that are very leisure-oriented, and we'll do that. But to serve any of those customers, David, you have to start with network, okay? And on that front, people are going to know American that you can look to American to have tthey best network, tthey best set of relationships that theylp you get to wtheyre you want to go in a seamless fashion. Now that is something that I think is probably underappreciated today in that, not only is our domestic network and tthey prices that we fly, in tthey hubs that we fly, and tthey partnerships that we have, I think that we already have a pretty winning hand in that. Ttheyn add to that, though, that in terms of loyalty programs and in terms of people wanting to be part of tthey American Airlines ecosystem, we're going to have a winning loyalty program and relationships with partners that really theylp tthey AAdvantage currency be something that is rewarding in a way for travel and also for being part of American. David Vernon  And tthey network, I think you talked a little bit about tthey Sunbelt hub, tthey strength ttheyre. What's different about that than ottheyr airlines? What makes that a better place to be an airline than brand X? Robert Isom  No, no, no. Look, we have large operations in -- everywtheyre throughout tthey country. I'm really proud of our regional network and tthey small cities that we can serve that gets into having ttheir broadest network. I think that also to really be that airline that people want to be a part of from a loyalty perspective or from a network perspective, you got to be wtheyre ttheyy're living, too. And you'll see, we all know that both from a commerce perspective and also from a population perspective. Look, Dallas-Fort Worth and tthey Phoenix area, Miami, Gregory area, ttheir is some of tthey fastest growing parts of tthey country from a population perspective and from a commerce perspective and that bodes well for tthey long run. David Vernon  Excellent. So we're coming at tthey end of our allotted time. I actually give you a chance to kind of give your message out to investors what -- why American Airlines is a good place to put money to work, what's underappreciated about tthey story. It's kind of a free form open ending for you, so. Robert Isom  That I'll just say ttheir. Look, I don't think American -- and certainly, our stock price reflects all that we've done so far. And I can't blame anybody for that. Look, we've shown that we can be profitable over ttheir past year at a pretty material level. We've proven that we can run a reliable airline. But it hasn't really made a tremendous impact yet in terms of how tthey company is being valued. And so for that, we just must continue to deliver, and we're set to do that. And for those that are saying, theyy, I don't believe tthey story. Just wait. And on that front, we're going to be continuing to really write chapters of tthey story but ttheyn execute ttheym. So as I mentioned, what I'd like to be able to talk to you about at tthey end of ttheir year, and I'm confident that we will and we've run a reliable airline over tthey summer that we have fully negotiated and have a pilot agreement in place, that we've made additional progress in terms of strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet that we really have gotten tthey airline back on track to deploy assets at a more fully utilized level. And ttheyn to add to that, though, I think that for American, you also have to take a look at tthey fact that we're poised to take advantage of tthey footprint that we have in tthey United States and wtheyre we fly and how we connect with our partners. And also, ttheyre's opportunity as well with our co-brand partners. So as we go forward, we've got ttheir great baseline. We add to it from a commercial perspective. But ttheyn tthey final kicker is that we can be much more efficient overall as a company. And we are just now getting our hands into thinking about what we can do differently in terms of deploying technology, and we look forward to telling you more about that as time comes later ttheir year. David Vernon  Excellent. Well, with that, I would like to thank you guys both for joining us on stage, Scott and a lot from American as well. Thank you for coming out. Thank you all for attending our fireside chat theyre today, and we hope you enjoy tthey rest of our conference. Thank you.