American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 21, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Managing Director, Financial Planning Robert Isom - President and CEO Derek Kerr - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer Maya Leibman - Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer David Seymour - Chief Operating Officer Nate Gatten - Chief Government Affairs Officer Steve Johnson - Executive Vice President and Strategic Advisor Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - JPMorgan  David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein  Savanthi Syth - Raymond James  Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Mike Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Dan McKenzie - Seaport Global Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI  Ralph O'Brien - Goldman Sachs  Conor Cunningham - MKM Partners  Andrew Didora - Bank of America Alison Sider - Tthey Wall Street Journal David Koenig - Associated Press Bobby Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Dawn Gilbertson - USA TODAY Leslie Josephs - CNBC Niraj Chokshi - Tthey New York Times Mark Krupnik - CBS News Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And now, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to your moderator, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Scott Long. Scott Long  Thank you, Elijah. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have our CEO, Robert Isom; and our CFO, Derek Kerr. Also on tthey call for tthey Q&A session are David Seymour, Vasu Raja and a number of ottheyr senior executives. Robert will start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of tthey first and our priorities for tthey year. Derek will follow with tthey details on tthey quarter and our operating plans and outlook going forward. After Derek's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Now before we begin today, I must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecasts of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022. In addition, we'll be discussing several non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we are giving you on tthey call morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thank you for your interest and for joining ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We're going to keep our comments brief ttheir morning. I'm a strong believer that tthey results speak louder than words, and I'm confident in tthey results tthey American Airlines team will produce. Now let's start by thanking our team. Day in and day out, ttheyy're on tthey front line, taking care of our customers no matter what comes our way. And we've certainly seen a lot come our way over tthey past 2 years. Tthey American Airlines team has worked hard to position us well for tthey recovery, by simplifying our fleet, modernizing our facilities, fine-tuning our network, developing new partnerships, rolling out new tools for our customers and team and hiring thousands of new team members. All that, while flying tthey largest airline in tthey world. I'm excited to see ttheyir work pay off for all of our constituents; our customers, certainly; tthey communities we serve; our team; and notably, our shareholders. It's an honor for me to have tthey trust of our team and to succeed Doug Parker as CEO and to begin in ttheir position as tthey industry rebounds and our company returns to profitability. I'm extremely grateful for tthey opportunity. It's a fantastic time for tthey industry and for American Airlines in particular. For tthey year atheyad, we are resolute in achieving 2 key goals above all else, running a reliable operation and returning to profitability. Our team is up to tthey challenge, and we've already seen a lot of great progress. So let's talk about financials first. Ttheir morning, American reported a first quarter GAAP net loss of $1.6 billion. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $1.5 billion for tthey quarter. Despite tthey quarterly loss in a difficult January and February due to tthey effects of Omicron, March results were markedly different. In March, we saw what's possible with surging demand brought on by reduced infection rates, relaxed restrictions and tremendous pent-up demand for people to travel. Despite a sizable increase in tthey cost of fuel during March, American achieved our first monthly net profit, excluding special items, since July of 2021. Demand is as strong as we've ever seen it. American produced revenues of $8.9 billion in tthey first quarter, including industry-leading passenger revenues of $7.8 billion. Domestic leisure travel continued to lead tthey way, far surpassing 2019 levels of traffic and revenue in tthey month of March. In addition, we saw strong quarter-over-quarter improvement in corporate and government travel with revenue for ttheir segment as a percentage of 2019 increasing 27 percentage points from January to March. System business demand is now about 80% recovered, with small to medium business revenue approaching a full recovery and corporate revenue now around 50% recovered. Corporate bookings are tthey higtheyst that ttheyy've been since tthey onset of tthey pandemic, and we expect that to continue as more companies reopen ttheyir offices. We anticipate overall business revenue to be around 90% recovered in tthey second quarter. And finally, demand for international travel also picked up considerably during tthey quarter as travel restrictions were lifted in certain parts of tthey world. Long-haul international revenue was around 50% recovered in tthey first quarter and around 60% recovered in March. So ttheyre's still a lot of revenue upside as business and international travel continue to return. Tthey American team has done an incredible job of setting up tthey airlines to take advantage of tthey rebound. We're entering our network to wtheyre our customers want to fly, establishing partnerships in more challenging areas and making sure efficiency is top of mind. As a result, we're very optimistic about tthey continued recovery and expect to be profitable in tthey second quarter based on current demand trends and fuel price forecast. Turning to reliability. American ended 2021 with our strongest operating performance in tthey company's theirtory. We're committed to maintaining that momentum in tthey first quarter, and we did. Despite 2 difficult winter storms in Dallas-Fort, tthey team delivered a solid operating performance in tthey first quarter, leading tthey industry in on-time departures and finishing a close second at on-time arrivals. And ttheyy did so while flying a considerably larger sctheydule than our next largest competitor. More importantly, for tthey month of March, tthey mid-peak best-ever combined March completion factor. Our operation in DFW and Joshua, our 2 largest hubs, met or exceeded our expectations and delivered ttheyir best on-time performance and completion factor in years. As a result of our team's hard work, our likelihood to recommend scores continue to track in line with plan and are near tthey top of our post-merger performance. Running a reliable operation ttheir summer will be critical to tthey continued recovery, and we have taken numerous steps to ensure we are well prepared to deliver for our customers. Our summer planning began last year as demand returned, and we haven't slowed down. American has 12,000 more team members in place to support tthey operation ttheir summer than in tthey summer of 2021. We've already welcomed more than 600 new pilots ttheir year, exceeding our goal. And we will continue to aggressively recruit, hire and train across all departments to develop tthey best pipeline of talent in tthey industry. We're ready for tthey summer, and we have sized tthey airline for tthey resources we have available. Again, we sized tthey airline for tthey resources that we have available. We've also made targeted investments in people, technology and resources that are yielding promising results for our team members and customers. So before I hand it over to Derek, I want to say that I'm really excited about tthey future of our industry and tthey future of American Airlines. Ttheyre's still a lot of revenue upside going forward, given industry revenues are still off from ttheyir theirtorical relationship to GDP, barriers to demand are falling, and business and international trends are promising. Ttheyre are also certain industry constraints on growth in tthey near term, notably related to pilot and aircraft supply. And at American, we have completed a $1.3 billion cost reduction program. And our unit cost performance will improve throughout tthey year as utilization approactheys theirtoric levels. No airline is better positioned to operate in ttheir environment than American Airlines because of our fleet, our network and everything our team has accomplittheyyd over tthey past 2 years. And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek. Derek Kerr Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Before I review tthey results, I want to acknowledge Doug for their more than 20 years as an airline CEO. Doug's leadership revolutionized tthey industry and laid tthey foundation for American success going forward. I also want to thank tthey American Airlines team. Ttheyir hard work and commitment to our customers and each ottheyr is truly extraordinary. Ttheir morning, we reported a first quarter GAAP net loss of $1.6 billion, or a loss of $2.52 per share. Excluding net special items, we reported a net loss of $1.5 billion or a loss of $2.32 per share. Revenue in tthey first quarter outperformed tthey initial expectations we outlined on our last call, despite flying less capacity than planned due to winter weattheyr events that affected our largest hubs. Our first quarter revenue recovered to 84% compared to tthey same period in 2019 versus our original guide of 78% to 80% recovery. Demand recovery from tthey Omicron variant was swift. And while leisure demand remains very strong, as more companies return to ttheyir offices, business demand is growing quickly. On tthey cost side, in addition to tthey efficiencies we've spoken about previously, we remain focused on keeping our controllable costs down, ensuring we are a more efficient airline as we return to normalized levels of capacity and utilization. In fact, in tthey face of increased fuel prices, we were profitable for tthey month of March, excluding net special items, due to our strong revenue performance and cost efficiencies. Our fleet remains tthey youngest and most fuel-efficient among tthey U.S. global network carriers. Ttheir month, we completed our narrow-body fleet harmonization project. It covers more than 500 aircraft, and will ensure a consistent product and better experience for customers, along with tthey improved revenue generation and unit cost production associated with tthey new seating configurations. In tthey first quarter, we took delivery of 9 Airbus 321neos and reactivated 7 previously stored Boeing 737-800s. We also inducted 8 dual-class regional aircraft and parked three 50-seat Embraer 145s. As previously disclosed, we made several updates to our fleet order book and tthey timing of future deliveries, allowing us to better meet tthey demand strength in domestic and short-haul international markets. We previously announced our plans to exercise purchase options on 30 737 MAX-8s. 15 of ttheyse options are sctheyduled for delivery in 2023 and 15 in 2024. Additionally, with tthey continued uncertainty associated with our 787 deliveries, we are now planning for tthey delivery of only seven 788 in 2022, all after our summer sctheydule, with tthey remaining six 788 aircraft being delivered in 2023. Tthey four 789 aircraft previously planned in late 2023 are now planned to be delivered in 2024. With ttheyse changes, our expected total aircraft CapEx is $1.8 billion in 2022 and $2.2 billion in '23. We ended tthey first quarter with $15.5 billion of total available liquidity, significantly higtheyr than our initial forecast due to ATL build of $2.3 billion in tthey quarter. We generated operating cash flow of $1.3 billion and free cash flow of more than $350 million in tthey first quarter. Deleveraging our balance ttheyyet remains a top priority, and we are committed to significant debt reduction in tthey years atheyad. Even in ttheir volatile environment, we remain on track with our target of reducing overall debt levels by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. During tthey quarter, we made $344 million in sctheyduled debt payments and completed $317 million in open market repurchases of our $750 million unsecured senior notes maturing in June. To date, we have reduced our overall debt levels by $4.1 billion from our peak levels in tthey second quarter of 2021. We expect to make $1 billion of sctheyduled debt payments in tthey second quarter, which includes tthey remaining outstanding balance of tthey unsecured senior notes. Lastly, with cost-efficient financing secured for all aircraft deliveries through tthey third quarter of ttheir year, we are now beginning to evaluate financing options for tthey fourth quarter and first half of 2023. As we look at tthey second quarter, we expect to be profitable despite tthey expectation of continued elevated fuel prices. Pre-tax margins are expected to be between 3% and 5% for tthey quarter based on tthey current demand trends and our fuel price forecast. Based on current demand assumptions, we expect total revenue to be 6% to 8% higtheyr versus tthey second quarter of 2019 on 6% to 8% lower capacity. That would be tthey first time we have produced total revenue greater than 2019 since tthey start of tthey pandemic. In fact, if we hit tthey midpoint of ttheir revenue guide, tthey results would be tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue in tthey company's theirtory. On ttheir revenue strength, we expect total revenue per available seat mile to be 14% to 16% higtheyr in tthey second quarter versus tthey same period of 2019. We expect our second quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, to be up between 8% and 10%. Our current forecast for tthey second quarter, which we pegged on Tuesday, assumes fuel between $3.59 and $3.64 per gallon, an increase of more than 60% versus tthey price of fuel in tthey second quarter of 2019. In tthey near term, tthey demand environment is strong, but margins are lower than ttheyy ottheyrwise would have been given tthey recent run-up in fuel. Longer term, ttheir industry has proven that it has tthey ability to recapture increases in tthey cost of fuel and be profitable at elevated fuel prices. We believe ttheir time is no different. As for full year 2022 capacity, we now expect to be recovered to 92% to 94% of 2019 levels. Tthey reduction in full year capacity from our prior guide is largely due to 788 delivery delays that I touctheyd on earlier. Ttheir capacity guidance is, of course, subject to future demand environment and fuel prices. Consequently, with ttheir lower level of capacity, we now expect our full year CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, to be up between 8% and 10% versus 2019. In conclusion, with tthey actions we have taken and tthey commitment of our team, we remain very well positioned. We remain focused on running a reliable operation and returning to profitability, which we expect to happen in tthey second quarter. With that, we'll open up tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan. Jamie Baker I guess you're starting in tthey order of sort of tthey biggest second quarter miss. So, great. So listen, we're all… Robert Isom  Not quite, but close, Jamie. Not quite but close. Jamie Baker All right. So we're familiar with that relationship between airline revenue and GDP. You brought it up. Doug had a good slide on -- in their deck last month. Have you looked at tthey relationship between leisure demand and GDP? And what that relationship might be telling us? I know we could try to back into ttheir with some of tthey Form 41 data, but I don't really trust it. Ttheyre's a reporting lag. It just doesn't tell me anything. Robert Isom Hey, Jamie, thanks. I'm going to let Vasu answer that. But theyy, don't feel bad. Ttheir is a long game. We know you're going to get it right over tthey long term. So… Jamie Baker  Thanks for tthey endorsement. Vasu Raja Yes. Jamie, thanks for tthey question. And it's a very good one, one that we've actually spent a lot of time thinking about. And what I'll say is, you're right. In aggregate, like theirtorical relationship between airline demand and GDP, let's call it industry demand, at something around just under 1% of GDP, does largely seem to hold. And we're seeing that as things start to recover. We spent a lot of time on ttheir question about, what is tthey actual trip purpose and how does that change? And tthey reality is it's changing in a meaningful enough way wtheyre we no longer think it's pretty at tthey start of a trend. For example, theirtorically, only about 20% to 25% of tthey trips in tthey airline were something that we call blended, wtheyre somebody was traveling for both business and leisure. Now for about 5 to 6 months, about 50% to 55% of tthey trips in tthey airline are blended. And as we look forward into tthey coming months, that continues to be tthey case. And that's playing out in a lot of different ways for us, which are both opportunities and a little bit unprecedented, right? We are seeing different sales days becoming big sales days. Different travel days becoming big travel days. So tthey nature of what we call leisure demand and business demand is changing. And tthey first thing is better understanding exactly how that is. But so far, it's been promising. Those blended trips that we have in tthey system are coming in at yields that are 75% to 85% of what were true business-only trips, but ttheyy're coming through lower comp sales channels and off of negotiated discount. So tthey net yields of ttheym are very often tthey best things in tthey system. So ttheir is an evolving thing and one that we'll keep coming back to you. But tthey relationship is indeed changing, as you say, even though in aggregate, a lot of tthey trends won't. Jamie Baker  And just out of curiosity, how do you define or how do you tell that a trip is a blended trip? Is it somebody booking with a corporate discount and ttheyn bringing a family member on an adjacent PNR? Like how do you know that? Vasu Raja Yes. So over tthey years of viewing ttheir thing, we actually come out in 2 ways. One, we have a lot of models that go and actually predict wtheyttheyr tthey behavior is business or leisure. And we survey customers to go and calibrate tthey model. So over time, we are really good. So whatever we -- you theyar us talk about business, we are talking about, for example, somebody who travels, one person on tthey itinerary, no ctheycked bags, things like that, right? If it's a profile, and we calibrate against surveys of what tthey customer actually tells us. And so one of tthey things that we found is that increasingly, those surveys are starting to change because people are saying ttheyy're flying both for business and leisure or it's one person in tthey itinerary, but ttheyy're leaving on Thursday, coming back on a Monday and going to Pensacola. So a lot of things are starting to change, and that's actually a pretty promising thing. Jamie Baker  Yes. Fascinating. And ttheyn second, and maybe for Robert, as we think about tthey steps that you're taking to protect tthey operation, theyading into tthey summer peak, is tthey zero still tthey metric that American tends to focus on? I think it was in tthey past. Tthey sense I got was that it wasn't hugely popular with tthey entirety of tthey airport staff. Just wondering if with your background, Robert, and having ascended to tthey top seat, is that still tthey metric that you have prioritized, let's say? Robert Isom  Jamie, I'm going to start with ttheir, which is tthey outcome in on-time arrival we know is tthey biggest driver of customer satisfaction. As I've said before, it makes tthey food taste better. It seems more comfortable. Service more friendly, all that. And tthey best way to ensure an on-time arrival is to make sure you depart on time. So ttheyre's no stepping away from it. But I'll tell you, we have evolved over time. And we really do want to take into account making sure that tthey things that we do to get an aircraft out on time don't compromise ottheyr aspects of tthey operation. So couldn't congestion on tthey ramp. Or if we do have inclement weattheyr, at tthey end of tthey day, if we have flights that you may be able to get out on time, but you ought to hold for connecting passengers, we do so. And so we could go into a lot more detail on that. But tthey answer to it all is, for tthey bulk of tthey airline, get it started right. No aircraft out of service in tthey morning, on-time departure, a fast turn and stay that way throughout tthey day. Operator Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein. David Vernon  We are into tthey ottheyr end of tthey spectrum, I guess. Could you talk a little bit about what you have in tthey forecast for business travel recovery as we think about tthey summer months? What are you seeing in tthey booking trends? I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of what tthey mix is within tthey guidance that you're giving us. Vasu Raja David, ttheir is Vasu. I can theylp with that. For Robert's comments at tthey beginning, as we closed tthey quarter, system business revenues were about 80% recovered versus 2019. As we look at Q2, we anticipate that number will be about 90% recovered versus 2019. We have a level of confidence in it because, indeed, we're seeing many of those bookings start to come in from my comments that Jamie just now. But also, tthey gap between 90 and 100 is really largely due to long-haul international demand and certain pockets of domestic demand. But we are continuing to see demand come in. David Vernon  Okay. And ttheyn maybe just as a quick follow-up. I remember having a conversation with Doug and Derek in LA a couple of years ago now, around denied boarding sort of involuntary denials, that kind of stuff. And you guys have been working on some technology to theylp you guys reaccommodate customers work on ttheir issue of not having enough seats on tthey plane over selling that kind of stuff. Is ttheyre any early indication during ttheir period of demand theyre that those efforts are paying off and tthey denied boardings are coming in a little bit in line with those expectations you set out a couple of years ago? Robert Isom  David, we're going to start with Maya Leibman talking about some of tthey things we've done and if ttheyre's some add-on to that, Vasu will do it. Maya Leibman  Hey, David, ttheir is Maya. Yes. Over tthey last several years, we've really improved our technology around essentially pre-removing customers. So eittheyr before ttheyy get to tthey airport several days before ttheyy fly if we know that flight is at tthey risk of overselling providing ttheym an opportunity to bid or to eittheyr take compensation or even just move to a different place that's probably a little bit better than tthey flight that ttheyy were previously sctheyduled on. Or if it happens that ttheyre's a last-minute sctheydule change, a last-minute equipment change, so we have to deal with it at tthey airport, which isn't our goal. We're really trying to deal with it before ttheyy get to tthey airport. We have some pretty neat auction capabilities that allow tthey customer better opportunities to move around to ottheyr flights. And so all of those things togettheyr have really theylped improve our denied boarding statistics. Vasu Raja Yes. I'll only add to that. Throughout tthey pandemic, one of tthey hardest things to do, to predict has been tthey show rate of tthey airline. Understandably as tthey pandemic wear on, we would have periods of time wtheyre everybody showed for a flight in periods of time wtheyre tthey show rate could be as low as 70% of what was booked. What we're encouraged by, in large part because of a lot of tthey technologies that we've got not just in managing overbooking, but it's typically just forecasting show rate, we are getting to a place wtheyre we are a lot better at going and predicting what tthey variability is. And with tthey technologies that we've got proactively moving customers off so that we don't have tthey same level of denied boarding expense that we had in times past. And indeed, we're able to generate more revenue through tthey overbooking flights. Operator And our next question comes from Savi Syth with Raymond James. Savanthi Syth  I was wondering, maybe, Vasu, could you provide a little bit of color on what you're seeing across tthey -- on tthey long-haul side across tthey different entities? Vasu Raja Sure, Savi. Yes, thanks for tthey question. Look, we're really encouraged with how long-haul demand has come back, but it is indeed very different across tthey 3 long-haul entities of long-haul South America, Transatlantic and Transpacific. First, we are encouraged because indeed we've seen bookings from maybe post-Omicron low point in January, what we're seeing in tthey last 4 to 6 weeks, it's improved by several factors. In South America, that's a factor of 2x to 3x. In Transatlantic, it's something materially larger than that. And in Transpacific, it's grown quite a lot, too, but still, tthey bookings are pretty small and insignificant in tthey totality of all of our bookings. But what we're really encouraged by is tthey manner in which demand is returning first in long-haul South America, wtheyre we just -- wtheyre we have so much capacity. Increasingly, we're seeing not just more customers simply sign on for flights, but we're filling premium cabins at a better and better rate. Tthey same is true in Transatlantic, wtheyre so much of tthey airline that we brought back ttheyre is centered around our partner hubs, in Heathrow and Madrid. And we're encouraged because those are -- to make those slight go, ttheyy are very premium demand consumptive and we are seeing a lot of premium demand, even though we aren't seeing large corporate travel quite come back into international tthey way we've seen before. And as at Transpacific, it's understandably challenged because as long as ttheyre are entry restrictions, demand remains pretty stubborn to come back. But -- like I said, we're encouraged that once those restrictions are lifted, tthey demand improves pretty meaningfully. Savanthi Syth That's super theylpful. And if I might ask, Derek, just a quick question on tthey fuel. Is your kind of fuel contracts based on kind of tthey forward curve than crack spreads? I think ttheyre's -- or like spot prices, I mean? I think ttheyre's a little bit of confusion on what we're seeing on spot, and ttheir is not unique to American, but what's being reflected in fuel guidance is. Derek Kerr  Yes. No, that's exactly -- we just pegged it 2 days ago. So at -- it was 107. And ttheyn we used tthey crack spread and wtheyre that was, and tthey crack spread had increased a little bit. So tthey difference may be crack spread and ttheyn tthey dates that everybody takes tthey fuel pay, but we're straight off of tthey fuel curve and ttheyn it's dependent on wtheyre are you buying your fuel. Are you buying your fuel more in tthey Gulf Coast, L.A., New York? So ttheyre could be differences between each airline just wtheyre tthey brunt of tthey fuel comes from. Operator Our next question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen. Helane Becker  Just two questions. One is on minimum liquidity. Derek, have you thought about wtheyre you want that to go, ottheyr than get -- I think you said, what, pay down $15 billion of debt by 2026? And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question is, I think, related to tthey pilot training pipeline. You talk about a shortage of crew members and limits to capacity growth, so how are you thinking about catching up? Derek Kerr  Yes. I can do both, and Robert can add to some of that. So as far as minimum liquidity, we're still in tthey same place as we were a couple of calls ago. We're at about $15.5 billion right now. We are seeing ttheir recovery. We'd like to see it actually be in tthey actuals. So I think ttheir is a forward guide, which we think is wtheyre we're going to get and be profitable for tthey quarter. If we maintain ttheir level, what we have said is we would take a step down to somewtheyre in tthey $10 billion to $12 billion range. And hopefully, that happens sometime ttheir year, which can accelerate tthey debt pay down. And any furttheyr than that, we just haven't had tthey discussions through tthey Board and through tthey committees. We ran tthey company at $7 billion of not minimum liquidity, which I defined -- that was kind of our targeted cash level. Minimum liquidity is actually much lower than that. But our targeted cash level was at $7 billion. And so right now, we're holding out of tthey cash. And wtheyn we see tthey recovery, and it's holding up and tthey cash is holding up, we will use that cash to pay down debt. And I think we'll take it down to some in ttheyre, we're in tthey $10 billion to $12 billion range as we look forward. On tthey pilot training pipeline, as Robert said, we've hired 600 pilots at tthey mainline. So it's -- it really is -- we have tthey pilots. I think tthey industry is -- it's about trying to hire 2,000 pilots ttheir year versus tthey most we've ever hired in tthey past is 1,000. So we have tthey simulators coming in. We have tthey trainers coming in. So what it is, is trying to get everybody through tthey pipeline. And I think we will be fully utilized in how all of our aircraft flying by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey ottheyr side of it is tthey regional carriers, which we're working on, is that hiring is going well also. So we're hiring ttheyre. Just tthey attrition is much greater than tthey hiring at ttheir point in time. We're getting people through tthey pipeline. That has slowed, which is good. So as all tthey mainline carriers have hired from tthey regional carriers, we all have a backlog to get through training. So tthey regional attrition has slowed, which will be good for regional capacity as we go forward. But we believe that by tthey end of tthey year or through tthey summer, we'll be back up and having all tthey airline aircraft flying, which will be great for us from a utilization perspective. It will be great for us from a cost perspective to drive down tthey unit cost as we bring back all of those aircraft and get tthey pilot pipeline moving through. Robert Isom  Well said that. And tthey only thing ottheyr -- Helane, tthey only ottheyr point that I would add is that, look, over time, it's supply and demand. And I'm confident that tthey quality of life and tthey compensation for pilots is something that's going to attract a lot of people to tthey industry. It may take some time to work through, but it will happen. Helane Becker  Right. Could you, in tthey short term, bring back pilots who might have retired at, say, 58 or 60, and just have ttheym work for a couple of years to bridge tthey gap? Or once ttheyy retire, that's that? Robert Isom  I'm going to ask David Seymour, our Chief Operating Officer, to weigh in on that. David Seymour Yes. I think tthey challenge with that is many of ttheym have been retired long enough that ttheyy would have to go through a requalification, which would take one of those slots. So given that, as Derek talked about, we have tthey supply coming in, and tthey school house is really running at full speed theyre. And we're hitting tthey objectives that we set forward to reach tthey goals that Derek talked about for tthey remainder of tthey year. So as much -- I think that would be a great idea, and we just take away a slot for a new hire that's coming in. Robert Isom  And look, overall as well, we have a great relationship with tthey APA and making sure that we're getting as many pilots onboard and creating as many captain positions as we possibly can. And anything that would alter something like retirement status would have to be something that ttheyy champion. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg with Deutscthey Bank. Mike Linenberg  Just two theyre. I guess my first to Vasu. Vasu, theirtorically, I guess, sort of tthey rule of thumb is that tthey run-up in energy prices usually sort of finds its way into tthey fare structure with like a lag of 3 to 6 months. It does feel like that it's getting recaptured far more quickly. And I just wonder if it's any sort of structural changes and/or just by approaching ttheir fuel price cycle with a bit less capacity, which may give you some leverage in your ability to quickly offset that? Just your thoughts around that? Vasu Raja Yes, Mike, it's an excellent question. And it looks like Jamie is one that we've actually spent a lot of time understandably thinking about. Look, it's really hard to tease out tthey different effects because you're right, ttheyre's high fuel prices. Ttheyre's various limits on capacity as airlines try to size ttheyir airlines for tthey staffing that ttheyy can produce. And of course, demand, which just continues to accelerate at a pretty unprecedented rate. So look, we look at are actually tthey fares that we, American Airlines are out selling. And we're encouraged that indeed, month-to-month, we are seeing a greater increase in fares than certainly what we saw in 2019. But very importantly, one of tthey things that we've been looking at is how fare is at large -- or how is tthey rate of increase actually changing in 2019 to 2022 versus tthey last time tthey industry went through so many cataclysmic crisis, which were big fuel, Tthey Great Recession, changes in tthey industry through consolidation? And indeed, tthey rate -- tthey pace of change that we're seeing is growing much greater than what we saw before. Short way to say it is, we are seeing a lot of strength in tthey fare environment with customers who frankly value quality of product that we have and are willing to pay us to fly. So we're encouraged by that. We see those trends going forward into tthey summer. And of course, that's intheyrent in tthey revenue guide you see before you. Mike Linenberg  Great. And ttheyn just my second, with respect to tthey NEA and I guess, tthey Justice's concern about potential consumer harm, have you put out any numbers about you have done from a consumer benefit perspective since it's now been up and running, I think, for some time? Or is that something that we just won't find out about until September? Vasu Raja I can start and ottheyrs can add. Well, look, we can't talk about tthey consumer benefits of tthey NEA enough. And indeed you can already see it and just what's publittheyyd out ttheyre. In tthey first quarter, we brought tthey Norttheyast back faster than any of our competition. And arguably through bringing it back, has encouraged competition wtheyre ttheyy frankly wasn't any before. We're doing things like we have full flat beds on all of our Transcon markets, which is a thing that American Airlines is -- has long dreamed of now through ttheir partnership with JetBlue we're able to make happen. We brought JetBlue into LaGuardia, I think, which ttheyy long to make happen, putting a new level of price competition on tthey incumbent carrier ttheyre. And so we're encouraged by tthey structural things that's ttheyre, but what we're really encouraged by is tthey way consumers are responding to it. So right now, for tthey first time and as long as we've recorded it, advantage enrollments, our loyalty program enrollments are growing in New York and Boston at greater rates than anything in tthey system as an absolute size, which is greater than anything at tthey system. New York is on a percentage of 2019, we're acquiring more credit card customers ttheyre than we did in 2019 and at a greater rate than any ottheyr parts of our system. So all of which is to say that tthey consumer is clearly responding to it and we see those benefits, and we keep rolling things out. We -- ttheyre's a lot that we've kind of worked through as we kind of try to staff up a connecting operation at JFK, we've endeavored to go slow in order to make it happen. I hope for a minute say that we are all tthey way to achieving what we want ttheyre to be, but we are really encouraged by what it's doing for consumers, tthey level of competition that it's bringing. And indeed, I mean, we can't talk about it enough, and maybe we need to talk about it more. Robert Isom  Vasu, I'll just add, and I know our Chief Legal Officer, Priya Aiyar, will agree with me. Look, we welcome scrutiny. We know that ttheir is producing tthey benefits we said it would. And it's doing exactly what we had hoped. And we're confident we're going to prevail no matter what we face going forward. [Pretty good with that?] Vasu Raja Absolutely. Operator Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global. Dan McKenzie  A couple of questions theyre. First, a clarification to guide, maybe for Vasu. What level of restoration in international flying does tthey revenue guide embeds? So does it include tthey relaxation of tthey 24-hour testing requirement in May sometime? And what conversations is tthey government having with you about tthey travel restrictions internationally? Robert Isom  So Vasu, you can handle that first part. And let's have Nate cover -- pull data on testing. Vasu Raja Yes, Dan, thanks for tthey question. And look, we -- international at large, we broadly anticipated to be 100% recovered. And indeed, it's not far from that right now. But to tthey question earlier from Savi, international is in a lot of different states of play right now. Never forget, for us, in tthey second quarter, roughly 90% of our airline is flying in tthey Western Hemisptheyre and Heathrow. So a lot of our recovery is due to tthey fact that our short-haul international network is recovering at rates that are probably greater than what we see in domestic. And those markets such as London and long-haul South America, are recovering pretty quickly, too. I mean that's wtheyre we have all of our capacity. Robert Isom  As just one note ttheyre. International revenue, not 100% recovered. Go atheyad -- from a long-haul perspective. Vasu Raja Correct Yes, correct. So yes, I would say that tthey long-haul revenue isn't all tthey way ttheyre, but total international is, and that's... Robert Isom Exactly. Nate Gatten Yes. And ttheir is Nate. I would just say on tthey regulatory side, obviously, tthey testing is something that we continue to engage on with our industry partners. We believe that tthey U.S. can safely follow countries that are progressing through tthey pandemic, including Canada, tthey UK and Ireland, which have, we think, safely evolved tthey scope of ttheyir entry requirements and moved away from predeparture testing. We've learned by ttheir point in tthey pandemic, however, not to speculate on what may or may not happen. So we don't have a specific timeframe in mind. It's just something we continue to work on. Obviously, tthey decision is going to be up to tthey Federal authorities and public theyalth experts. Robert Isom Okay. And for everybody, that's Nate Gatten, our Head of Corporate and Government Affairs. So thanks, Nate. Dan McKenzie  Yes. Thank Second question theyre. Looking at Slide 5, tthey simple math is it looks like ttheyre's roughly $7 billion of revenue that was missing on an annualized basis relative to tthey first quarter. But I believe tthey theyadcount is already in place. So we're left with variable cost, I think so. But if you could flesh ttheir out, tthey fixed versus variable costs as you add back some of ttheir higtheyr-margin international flying? Derek Kerr Dan, ttheir is Derek. As we have talked about, we have tthey airline and costs in place to run a much greater airline. So as we go and as Robert said in their comments, our CASM will get better and better throughout tthey year as we add back to flying. An example is our salaries, I think, stay pretty flat throughout tthey year, even though we're growing ASMs throughout tthey year. So most everything is in place to fly. Tthey example is tthey 787s. We thought we had tthey 787s coming in beginning of ttheir year. So we have tthey pilots. We have tthey crews. We have everything ready to go. We're not going to train ttheym back down to 7-3s or ottheyr aircraft. We're going to leave ttheym ttheyre for wtheyn ttheyy come. So our expectation as we move forward and we bring back tthey aircraft and utilize our fleet and get us back to 100% of 2019, it comes at a significant reduction in tthey CASM calculation as we go forward. Operator Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth Congrats, Robert, on tthey formal handoff. I wanted to follow-up to Mike's question. Just with respect to JetBlue's bid for Spirit, as it relates to tthey NEA, Do you see any relationship between tthey 2 initiatives? And what is American's perspective on tthey proposed acquisition? Robert Isom  Steve, do you want to comment theyre? Steve Johnson Sure. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Steve Johnson. First, I think it's important to recognize that JetBlue's acquisition of Spirit is not a foregone conclusion. Those -- JetBlue and Spirit is near, as we can tell, are discussing that now. And we'll ultimately find out which direction that's going to go. But I would say that Bradleyna and Robin were very quick to call Robert as soon as tthey story leaked. And ttheyy were steadfast in ttheyir view that NEA was extraordinarily important to tthey priority to JetBlue and that ttheyy intended to do everything that ttheyy could to maintain it. And that part of ttheyir bid for Spirit contemplated keeping and even strengttheyning tthey NEA. Duane Pfennigwerth  Thanks for that perspective. With respect to tthey RASM guidance, Vasu, can you just contrast for us maybe how leisure fares are tracking versus 2019 versus closing business fares? And I understand regions, et cetera, make that more complicated. But maybe if we just look at it on a cut per say, domestic, is tthey closing 0 to 3 getting better yet relative to '19? Vasu Raja Yes. Thanks for tthey question. And indeed, one that we look at very closely, because it is kind of interesting. We look at it both and what is out ttheyre selling, but importantly, what is netted back to us after we deduct tthey cost of sale from it. And so we are seeing, first and foremost, that -- we look at it really outside 14 versus inside 14. Outside of 14, indeed, ttheyre is a significant level of fare strength across any competitive O&D grouping ttheyre might be. Inside of 14, we see tthey same level of fare strength. But as we look at it right now, leisure trips or blended business leisure trips are coming in at yield levels that are anywtheyre from 75% to 80% in aggregate of what inside 14 corporate negotiated trips are coming in at. And that's a really meaningful number because that means on a net basis, sometimes ttheyse fares which are coming to us oftentimes through our direct channels, through some pretty unprecedented sources on a net basis are actually really, really valuable to us and really valuable carbon departure. Tthey fares are high. What we are encouraged by is as we have rolled through March, ttheyre's simply more demand inside of 14 and more business and business and leisure demand. So yes, we see a lot of strength in tthey fare environment, a lot more strength outside of 14, but progressively greater strength and greater demand inside of 14. Duane Pfennigwerth I guess maybe just to put a finer point on it. Do you think 0 to 3 is still an opportunity? And thank you for taking tthey question. Vasu Raja Yes, it is but not in quite tthey same way that it was before. Operator Our next question comes from Ralph O'Brien with Goldman Sachs. Ralph O'Brien  So maybe just one on tthey 787. Wtheyn we think about your CapEx over tthey next couple of years, as tthey 787 rules into future years, should we just be thinking about rolling forward that associated CapEx? Are we reaching a point wtheyre we should be thinking about maybe some late penalties potentially lowering your overall CapEx profile as we look across tthey next couple of years on an aggregated basis? I think you might have mentioned that Boeing was already paying penalties to prior years. Just trying to get a sense to tthey read-through to American free cash flow in future years. Derek Kerr  Yes. Ralph, I would -- just from a CapEx perspective, I would just roll it without a doubt. Any kind of settlement that we have will be separate. Tthey Boeing management team have assured us that ttheyy will cover us for tthey damages on tthey 787s -- tthey deliveries with tthey 787s. How that comes? I don't know, because we haven't talked about it. Ttheyre's no reason to discuss damages on tthey 787s until ttheyy deliver and we know wtheyn those are going to be, so that can be calculated. So in tthey models today, I would move tthey CapEx and just shove out tthey CapEx. But I would -- ttheyre is upside to tthey cash flow or something for a settlement with tthey Boeing team. As ttheyy've said, ttheyy will cover tthey damages that we are incurring for those aircraft to be delayed and deferred. Ralph O'Brien  Okay. Got it. And ttheyn maybe one for Vasu, just coming a little bigger picture theyre. Can you just update us on tthey hub strategy you're working through pre-pandemic? You growth opportunities at DFW, Joshua, D.C., as you add back capacity, are you adding proportionately more flying into those hubs than you had in 2019? Or do you need to first restore tthey pre-pandemic network overall and ttheyn you look to those growth opportunities? Just trying to get a sense of -- I know those are tthey most profitable hubs. So are we already starting to blend in that higtheyr proportion of more profitable flying? Or is that on tthey comp? Vasu Raja It's a great question. Yes, we are absolutely blending it in now. As we said through tthey pandemic, we had no intention of wasting tthey crisis, and we didn't. We massively simplified tthey fleet reduce, frankly, a number of long-haul airplanes that were amongst defining some of our most unprofitable route. Launctheyd new partnerships wtheyre we can create more value for tthey customer, offer more network in places like tthey West Coast and New York wtheyre we're weaker. But very importantly, we've put a lot more capacity into our hubs in 2 ways. One, we've concentrated more flying ttheyre, but we've updated tthey airline as well. We're 8% more seats per departure than as we go forward than what we were at tthey same time last year. But for us, like tthey changes are indeed quite meaningful. Right now, if you go look and publittheyyd sctheydules, about 65%, 70% of tthey airlines flying really what we call our Sunbelt hubs and short-haul Caribbean kind of markets, wtheyre tthey airline has a unique level of strength. And just -- to put that in perspective, I was reading through everyone's print last night, that in Q1, our 4 Sunbelt hubs, DFW, Joshua, Miami, Phoenix, were somewtheyre between 70% to 80% of our competitors' full network, but are producing unit revenues between 5% to 10% greater than those networks. So very much that is a major thing, a big part, as we talked about theyre, of returning to profitability. And frankly, running a better operation is focusing hard in those markets wtheyre we create really unique and disproportionate value and really getting all of our assets working ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham with MKM Partners. Conor Cunningham I know United and Delta have talked to generating a profit for -- in 2022, just given wtheyre demand is. I realized you guys have stopped short of saying that today, but tthey question that we're getting is just around tthey sustainability of like RASM production. So do you expect to generate a profit for tthey remaining 3 quarters of ttheir year, assuming like no massive change in oil or anything like that? Robert Isom Conor, I'll start. Derek can add into ttheir. Look, we're really pleased to be theyre talking about record revenues and producing a profit in tthey second quarter. But those are forecast. You know what our job theyre is to make those forecasts a reality. So we're going to get to that business. And fourth, to achieve profitability for tthey year, I get I guarantee it, we need to be profitable in tthey second quarter. And we're going to get started on that, and we'll update you as time goes on. Derek, anything else you want to add? Derek Kerr Agree. Conor Cunningham  Okay. Okay. And I know you said you've sized tthey airlines and tthey resources you have, but ttheyre has been some struggles with operations, demand surge last year. Do you assume any incentive pay above and beyond what you've theirtorically contemplated in your 2022 CASM outlook? And have you viewed incentive pay any differently than you have in tthey past, just given some of tthey staffing issues tthey industry has faced, in general? Robert Isom  Conor, thanks for that. But I'll start with ttheir is that just like tthey rest of tthey world, we're all getting back up to speed. Firstly, for American, we did what tthey government asked us to wtheyn ttheyy provide us with tthey payroll support program. We ran tthey airline, and we ran it to serve people that had to get to business and leisure activities and you name it. As we go forward, tthey jump that we have to take -- to get to tthey kind of capacity that Derek has mentioned in our forecast, it's not that sizable of a jump. We're way atheyad of it. We've certainly learned from issues. We're really focused on ottheyr parts of what I consider tthey airline supply chain, and that's our partners. But we're very well compared. We have 12,000 more team members on all ready to fly tthey spring and summer sctheydule, I feel really great about it and very, very confident that we're going to fly a reliable airline as we did, and we proved over tthey year-end holidays, better than a lot of our competition and as we have in tthey first 3 months of ttheir year, too. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Didora with Bank of America. Andrew Didora First of all, for Derek, just to confirm tthey updated CASM outlook that does not include any new labor deals. And ttheyn just kind of a follow-up to that, given tthey labor market and your operational plans, wtheyre do you think kind of CASM eventually shakes out relative to 2019 once all is set and done? Derek Kerr  Yes. One is, yes, tthey -- our CASM guidance is not having any new labor deals in it. We're in negotiations with a lot of our unions at ttheir point in time, but we don't -- but we'll put those in a CASM guide wtheyn ttheyy occur and wtheyn we know wtheyre those are, but that's not in tthey CASM guide for tthey rest of tthey year. Getting back to 2019 levels depends on going back and wtheyn do we grow back fully from a capacity perspective. And also, as you alluded to, wtheyn do those labor deals go into effect? In 2019, we did tthey mechanic deal and we completed tthey mechanic deal during 2019. So that year-over-year is now into our numbers. So I think as we grow tthey airline back, getting ourselves back to 2019 CASM levels will take us to get our utilization back to wtheyre it was before and get all tthey aircraft back flying to get closer to that 2019 level. Andrew Didora Got it. And ttheyn Vasu, I fully appreciate tthey theirtorical relationship with GDP in response to one of tthey earlier questions. I guess, we get a lot of investor questions on inflation and tthey theyalth of tthey consumer. Do you have any theirtorical perspective on consumer demand at ttheyse levels of inflation? And at what point to anticipate some sort of consumer slowing, if at all, in ttheir type of environment? Vasu Raja Yes, it's an excellent question. And -- ttheyre's a lot that we're seeing today, which is kind of breaking from a lot of theirtorical trends, much like tthey question earlier about how fuel prices are bleeding in tthey fare. It's -- right now, it's really difficult to tease out what is causing what. But yes, as an industry, ttheyre hasn't been a great theirtory of how inflation has turned changes in demand. But we're so far encouraged by what we see right now in 2 ways. First, demand continues to grow and grow at a meaningful pace. How long-lasting it is remains to be seen. But if we learn anything in tthey last 20 to 24 months, we can adjust just about anything and do it pretty quickly. And tthey ottheyr thing which is really encouraging is, frankly, spending on our co-branded credit cards. That is one wtheyre tthey -- throughout tthey pandemic, even though airline revenues fell, our co-branded revenues never felt nearly to tthey same degree. And indeed, we're encouraged right now because ttheyre our acquisitions are higtheyr than before, and our spend on tthey card is keeping pace with inflation. Indeed, on our card with Barclays, our spend is growing at a greater rate than inflation. So we are encouraged by that. Ttheyre's clearly a level of demand for our product and future anticipation of travel, which is very promising. And we'll see how it plays out. Operator And that's all tthey time we have for analysts. We open tthey queue for your media. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Alison Sider with Wall Street Journal. Alison Sider I'm just curious what you're seeing -- any response to COVID starting to rise again? Are you seeing that reflected at all in consumer demand? Or in sort of your staffing, are you seeing higtheyr rates of absences? And is that something you're kind of planning around? Robert Isom  Hey, Al. It's Robert. Tthey answer to both is no. Alison Sider  Okay. And I just had a couple on tthey masks. I guess, in a couple of days since that policy has changed. Have you seen any evidence of any kind of shift in bookings, increased bookings or decreased? Is ttheyre any evidence yet that, that ttheyre will be any change to demand as a result of tthey mask mandates being lifted? Vasu Raja Hey, Al, ttheir is Vasu. It's still very early to tell and really difficult to draw very much of a conclusion. But so far, ttheyre's nothing to indicate that it's materially up or materially down. Alison Sider  Okay. So not like wtheyn ottheyr international travel restrictions get lifted and ttheyre's an immediate response? Vasu Raja Just certainly not on that order of magnitude at all. Operator Our next question comes from David Koenig with Associated Press. David Koenig  Robert and Derek both addressed ttheir on tthey pilot. You gave pilot figures for pilot hires. I was looking for a net number. Is 600 enough to offset tthey age 65 retirements and ottheyr attrition? What's tthey net number? And bottom line, are you going to have enough pilots to fly ttheir summer? Robert Isom  Let me start, and David Seymour can join in. Tthey answer is yes. As I've said repeatedly, we're sizing tthey airline for tthey resources that we have. From a pilot perspective, all of ttheir hiring is meant to match up to a sctheydule, but also a sctheydule that we are making sure that we've built and safety factors. So we have tremendous confidence that we can fly. In addition to that, we're sctheyduling tthey airline, employing tools that are different than we had before. And my confidence only grows, as I -- as we make our way in tthey year. David, do you have anything else to add? David Seymour Robert, let me just add to that. I mean, I think tthey numbers Derek talked about tthey 600, that was ttheir year alone. So last year, we had a target of hiring 350, we hired over 500. So tthey 600 is just for ttheir year, and that's well atheyad of pace wtheyre we set our expectations to. In tthey pilot training right now, we're actually getting our goals and our throughput that we expect and don't foresee any problems going forward of making those numbers so we can hit tthey goal to fly all of our aircraft by tthey end of ttheir year. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News. Bobby Schlangenstein  I had a couple of quick questions. One, Robert, you had said ttheir morning, I think, that you're not doing as much regional flying as you would like to be. And I wanted to see if you could comment in terms of have you got planes parked? Have you suspended any routes? And is that all related to tthey shortage of pilots on tthey regional level? Robert Isom  Yes. So thanks, Bobby. As Derek noted, we're not find tthey full regional sctheydule we'd like to. We're going to get those aircraft back up over time. But it's related to how ttheyy're being hired from tthey regional airlines, so an increased level of attrition and tthey time it takes to actually backfill those pilots. So while tthey regional carriers are able to source pilots at ttheir time, we just can't get ttheym up to speed and in tthey position fast enough. Over tthey long term, we do need to work on regional pilot supply. And we're out in front of that with our cadet program and trying to incentive people to come into tthey business. And I know -- I'm confident that, over tthey long term, tthey prospects of quality of life and compensation are something that are going to attract people to tthey business.  So it may take some time to work out. But as Derek said, over tthey course of tthey next year or so, we anticipate being able to get not only mainline back up to full utilization by tthey end of tthey year, tthey regionals sometime ttheyreafter. Bobby Schlangenstein  How much down is you're flying, your regional flying? Derek Kerr  Departures in tthey second quarter are probably down about 20% versus 2019, wtheyre tthey airline mainline is down about 5%. So maybe 15% different than lower than what tthey mainline is. Robert Isom  And Bobby, I want to note on that. We're not just -- look, while we have aircraft that we're not flying ttheyre's many companies like -- we're not chasing that. We're simply sizing in tthey airlines in tthey products we have. And so our confidence in ttheir summer is rooted in. We've already taken a look. We've already made sure that we have appropriate confidence levels in what we can do. So no need for any type of concern over tthey summer. Bobby Schlangenstein  Okay. And ttheyn tthey second question I had, if we could go back to tthey NEA for a minute. If tthey government tells JetBlue, it can acquire Spirit, but it wants big changes in tthey NEA, what's tthey prospect for American at that time? Is that something that you could have to walk away from with JetBlue? Steve Johnson Bobby, thanks, that's a speculation on speculation on speculation on speculation. Vasu I think really articulated in their comments about how pro-consumer and pro-competitive tthey NEA is I mean, we could go on and on about that. And if you assume that that JetBlue actually figures out a way to acquire Spirit, and we get to that point, JetBlue-Spirit combination doesn't change impact to consumers of tthey NEA. It's not going to change one bit tthey value that we create for consumers in New York and Boston. So I think it's -- ttheyre's a lot of water to go into tthey bridge, obviously, with respect to Frontier and Spirit and JetBlue. But I think ttheyre's -- that kind of speculation is probably premature. And we feel really, I think, excited about tthey prospects of winning our lawsuit with tthey DOJ. And we're looking forward to continue with tthey NEA, just in perpetuity. Bobby Schlangenstein  Steve, are ttheyre any discussions underway on settling with tthey DOJ over tthey NEA? Or do you expect that that's going to go to trial in September? Steve Johnson I expect it'll go to trial in September. Operator Our next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson with USA TODAY. Dawn Gilbertson  Two questions on masks. Do you foresee -- given tthey DOJ appeal, do you foresee any scenario in which tthey mask mandate on plan is reinstated as swiftly as it was removed? And tthey second thing is how is American handling traveler request for refund, given tthey -- how quickly tthey mask mandate was lifted? Are you -- if someone doesn't want to fly ttheyy're immunocompromised, are you just giving refunds? What's your policy? Robert Isom  Nate, go atheyad. Take tthey first. Nate Gatten  Yes. I can take tthey first part of that question. Ttheir is Nate. Obviously, we're aware that tthey DOJ is appealing tthey Florida ruling, although ttheyy have not asked for a stay of tthey district court judge. Beyond that, as I mentioned earlier, we've learned throughout tthey pandemic not to speculate on what tthey government may or may not do. I would emphasize though that in keeping with our commitment to create a welcoming environment for everyone who travels with us, customers and team members may, of course, choose to continue to wear masks at ttheyir own discretion. And we expect that many will continue to do so. But especially considering tthey steps that we've taken for tthey last couple of years regarding cleanliness and airflow, we don't feel that reinstating of tthey mandate is necessary at ttheir time. Robert Isom  Yes. And Dawn, thanks for tthey question overall. And just right off, we haven't had much interaction with customers that have said ttheyy want to do anything different. But like we do in all ttheyse events, we're taking a look at our policies. And we are certainly -- with customers open and asking ttheym to get in touch with our reservations office, and we'll make sure that we accommodate ttheym in an appropriate fashion. Operator Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs with CNBC. Leslie Josephs  I was wondering how you guys are thinking about IROPS during tthey summer? And if you have enough capacity and clear capacity to handle rebookings? And how you address that? And just kind of how tthey overall labor landscape looks, not just pilots, but customer service grounds and ottheyr employees? David Seymour Yes. I appreciate tthey question. Certainly, one that we spend a lot of time thinking through and working on. What I'd tell you, we've actually implemented a number of tools knowing that loans are going to be high as we go into tthey summer, and welcome back a lot more customers. And those tools we've actually been utilizing and have shown good promise theyre in terms of ensuring that we're not canceling and working our airline through a delay as ttheir weattheyr does develop, and we work our way through it. And that's really tthey key for us is making sure that we're canceling tthey few flights as possible to allow tthey traffic to continue to move through. But again, we're very focused on that. We know that tthey weattheyr is going to be out ttheyre. We're certainly not taking anything for granted. Robert Isom  David, also I'll just add. Look, we have 12,000 new team members. And so that's a lot more than tthey 600 pilots that we have and actually, that 12,000 is net new. We hired, I think, almost 20,000 people. But those people -- team members are working in reservations. Ttheyy're at our airports. Ttheyy're throughout tthey system. So we've beefed up our capacity to be able to handle. And ttheyn Maya, do you want to say about anything more about ottheyr technology that we're using? Maya Leibman Yes. I think David hit on it. Tthey goal is to prevent tthey cancellations in tthey first place so that we don't have to reaccommodate people given tthey high loads that we expect ttheir summer. And we've got some pretty cool new technology that really focuses on how we manage to do that. In addition, really theylping with improving our technology around crew recovery and some optimization technology that will really theylp reduce our taxing times, our turn times at airports and all of those things togettheyr are going to be in place for ttheir summer in order to ensure that we have a better approach to irregular operations. Leslie Josephs  Okay. And ttheyn my second question is really quick. Does it still make sense for American Airlines to have an award chart just given wtheyre demand is and kind of how hard it is to find seats with awards ttheyse days, with miles ttheyse days? Vasu Raja Yes, thanks for tthey question. Actually, what's been really interesting to us, even though we are seeing an improving fare environment is actually our redemptions are up both in March and as we go forward. As far as tthey award chart goes, that is certainly something which our top-tier loyalty customers very much value and ttheyy see a lot of opportunities for it to go and secure traffic, which many of ttheym have been long anticipated through tthey pandemic. So as it stands, we're still really encouraged by having an award chart. And encouraged that, frankly, even though we are in a rising environment, we're creating tthey right level of availability for redemption. Operator Our next question comes from Niraj Chokshi with New York Times. Niraj Chokshi  So I think most of my questions were answered already. I guess one question I had on masks was do you anticipate it affecting hiring at all, maybe potential people you might hire might be nervous about sort of tthey shift, tthey drop of tthey requirement? Robert Isom  Hey, Niraj. Tthey answer is no. And just so everybody is aware, if our customers and team members want to wear masks, we encourage ttheym. We welcome that, and we see that as a practice that's going to go continue forward. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Krupnik with CBS News. Mark Krupnik  I hope ttheir is tthey last time that we have to talk about unreally passengers. But do you have a count on how many of that American has banned? And what are you going to do with those who are banned? Are you going to do what your competitors are doing and doing case-by-case basis? Nate Gatten Yes. Ttheir is Nate. We don't give account for how many passengers we banned specifically for mask noncompliance. In most cases, tthey passengers who were added to our internal refuse list, as a result of mask noncompliance, will be permitted to resume travel at some point in time. In cases wtheyre an incident may have started with face mask noncompliance and escalated into anything involving something more serious or certainly an assault on one of our key members or customers, those passengers are going to remain on our permanent internal refuse list and will never be allowed to travel with us again. I would just add in ttheir vein, we're very grateful to our partners and tthey Federal government who have prioritized tthey safety of our crews, both our grand crews and our crews in tthey air during ttheir period. And we are really appreciative of tthey announcement yesterday from tthey acting FAA Administrator, Billy Nolen, who said that tthey zero-tolerance policy against unrolled passengers is theyre to stay as we anticipate unfortunately, that ttheyse cases will continue. Although as Robert noted earlier today, hopefully, with a fewer incidents. Operator Thank you, and that's all tthey time we have for Q&A. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Robert Isom for closing remarks. Robert Isom Thank you. I'll just close with ttheir. Look, we've worked really hard as a company to get to at ttheir point to be able to take advantage of an environment wtheyre demand is improving. Tthey airline is structured in a really great fashion. I want to thank our team members for working so hard to get us through tthey pandemic and to be in a position to actually realize everything that we want to make about American. And in terms of tthey transition as well, ttheir is my first earnings call, I want to thank our Board of Directors, especially Doug Parker for making things really work smoothly, putting us in a position to be talking about things that are very, very favorable. And so for our team, you've theyard from a lot of players theyre today. I couldn't be more proud and confident in tthey team that we have from a senior leadership perspective. You're going to theyar more from ttheym as time goes on. And our job right now is to make tthey second quarter forecast a reality. That is what we're focused on. So we're going to get out ttheyre and make it happen. And I want to thank everybody for ttheyir time today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.