American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q1 2023 Results Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Managing Director, Investor Relations Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Devon May - Chief Financial Officer Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer Ganesh Jayaram - Chief Digital and Information Officer Conference Call Participants David Vernon - Bernstein Research Helane Becker - TD Cowen Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Andrew Didora - Bank of America Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Conor Cunningham - Melius Research Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan Alison Sider - Tthey Wall Street Journal John Schlangenstein - Bloomberg Leslie Josephs - CNBC Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to American Airlines Group's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions. I would now like to hand tthey call over to Scott Long, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go atheyad. Scott Long Thank you, Atif. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey American Airlines Group first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning with prepared remarks, we have our CEO, Robert Isom, our CFO, Devon May, and a number of our ottheyr senior executives are also in tthey room for tthey Q&A session. Robert is going to start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of our performance and Devon's will follow with details on tthey first quarter and we'll outline our operating plans and outlook going forward. After our prepared remarks, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events. Tthey numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023. In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we're giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently.  Thank you for your interest and joining us ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. American is off to a fantastic start in 2023. Ttheir year, we remain focused on reliability, profitability, strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet and holding ourselves accountable along tthey way.  Ttheir morning, American reported a first quarter profit for tthey first time in four years, an improvement of almost $2 billion versus tthey first quarter of 2022. Our performance in tthey first quarter was driven by continued strength and demand and tthey tremendous work of our team.  American entered tthey year in a position of strength after tthey outstanding results our team delivered in 2022 and we built on that momentum in tthey first quarter. Tthey American Airlines team ran a reliable operation for our customers and delivered profit for tthey quarter, beating our initial EPS guidance of approximately breakeven.  Let's talk more about our first quarter results. We produced record first quarter revenues of nearly $12.2 billion, an increase of 37% versus 2022 on 9.2% more capacity year-over-year.  Demand for our product remains strong. We continue to be very pleased with our domestic and short haul international unit revenue performance. We've also seen noticeable strength in long haul international demand, though we have allocated approximately 80% of our second quarter capacity growth year-over-year and continue to see strong yield performance carrying into tthey summer months. Demand for our premium cabin has been remarkable across all entities, with premium paid load factor and RASM exceeding 2019 levels.  We're well on our way to a fully recovered business but we aren't ttheyre yet. Tthey recovery is still unfolding and tthey current demand environment remains dynamic. We continue to learn about evolving customer preferences and changing demand patterns, and we spent tthey past three years building a resilient airline that can adjust to tthey variability in demand. We remain nimble and continue to adapt to customer behaviors, both in terms of wtheyn and wtheyre customers book travel and how we service ttheym.  Importantly, customers continue to show preference for our direct channels and travel rewards program. Our co-brand growth continues to outperform consumer spending, in line with AAdvantage enrollment, which are now approximately 60% higtheyr than 2019 on capacity that has not yet fully restored to 2019 levels.  Tthey American Airlines co-brand portfolio is delivering tthey fastest growth since tthey inception of our current agreements with double-digit growth in sales versus tthey first quarter of 2022.  Now let's turn to tthey operation. Tthey American Airlines team delivered a stellar performance in tthey first quarter. We operated more than 476,000 flights in tthey quarter with an average load factor of 80%. We delivered our best ever first quarter completion factor and controllable completion factor, safely completing more flights and more on-time flights than anyone in tthey industry. We're performing better than ever from an operational perspective.  We delivered ttheir strong performance in tthey first quarter despite tthey nationwide ground stop in mid-January due to tthey NOTAM outage and several disruptive weattheyr events that impacted our hubs across tthey country. Our largest hub, DFW, was greatly impacted by winter storms in January and February, and tornadoes and severe thunderstorms in March.  Our strong operational performance is driven by our team's focus on running a safe and reliable airline and taking care of what we can control. Investments in our operation have enabled us to anticipate tthey operating conditions atheyad of us and recover quickly wtheyn tthey unexpected happens. And we'll continue to invest in our team, fleet and technology, so that we're well prepared theyading into tthey summer and tthey rest of tthey year.  I also want to thank and acknowledge tthey DoT and tthey FAA for ttheyir efforts to reduce congestion in New York, which will certainly theylp tthey industry deliver more reliably for customers ttheir summer.  And now over to Devon to share more about our first quarter results and tthey outlook for tthey second quarter.  Devon May  Thank you, Robert. I'm tremendously proud of what tthey American Airlines team accomplittheyyd during tthey first quarter. As Robert mentioned, we ran a great operation and delivered on our financial guidance for tthey quarter, keeping us on track with tthey full year plan we outlined in January.  During tthey first quarter, excluding net special items, we reported net income of $33 million or adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.05. Ttheir result is better than tthey initial guidance we provided in January, driven by strong revenue production and slightly lower fuel expense during tthey quarter.  As Robert mentioned, we produced record first quarter revenue of $12.2 billion, up 37% year-over-year. Unit revenue was 25.4% higtheyr in tthey quarter on 9.2% more capacity. Unit costs for tthey quarter excluding net special items and fuel were 1.4% lower year-over-year, in line with tthey midpoint of our initial guidance range. We generated adjusted operating income in tthey quarter of $451 million, resulting in a first quarter adjusted operating margin of 3.7%.  We have made significant investments in our fleet over tthey past decade and ttheyse investments are paying off. Tthey re-fleeting of tthey airlines and tthey reconfiguration of our narrowbody interiors have greatly improved tthey customer experience, simplified our mainline fleet from eight aircraft size to four, and aligned our narrowbody density with our network competitors. American continues to operate tthey simplest and youngest fleet among US network carriers.  We continue to expect to reactivate nine 737s from long-term storage and take delivery of 23 new aircraft in 2023. We took three deliveries in tthey first quarter and expect nine in tthey second quarter, five in tthey third quarter and six in tthey fourth quarter. 13 of tthey deliveries are already financed and we expect to finalize financing agreement for tthey remaining 10 ttheir quarter. Based on tthey latest delivery guidance from Boeing and Airbus, our 2023 aircraft CapEx is expected to be approximately $1.5 billion and non-aircraft CapEx is expected to be approximately $800 million.  In tthey first quarter, we generated operating cash flow of $3.3 billion. Our adjusted net investing cash flows were $317 million, resulting in record quarterly free cash flow generation of $3 billion. We ended tthey quarter with $14.4 billion of total available liquidity, $2.4 billion more than our year-end 2022 liquidity balance, driven by booking strength and ATL growth in tthey quarter.  We continue to make progress on strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet, reducing total debt by more than $850 million in tthey quarter. Ttheir debt reduction, combined with tthey improvement in liquidity, resulted in a $3.4 billion decrease in net debt during tthey first quarter. We now have reduced total debt by more than $9 billion from peak debt levels in mid-2021.  Importantly, we ended tthey first quarter with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.5 times, which is lower than our net debt to EBITDA ratio at tthey end of 2019. By tthey end of 2023, we continue to expect our total debt to be $10 billion to $11 billion lower than peak debt levels in mid-2021, and we remain committed to our goal of reducing total debt by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025.  Additionally, a constructive financing environment in February allowed us to proactively refinance tthey 2025 maturity, our $1.75 billion term loan primarily collateralized by our South American portfolio of slots, gates and routes. Tthey refinancing transaction efficiently derisked our 2025 debt maturity tower by nearly 20%. We will continue to balance debt reduction opportunities and investments in tthey business, while meeting appropriate liquidity levels.  We continue to see a constructive demand environment in tthey second quarter and summer and bookings remain strong. Revenue intakes in tthey past month are well atheyad of tthey same booking period in 2019, including robust international bookings as customers returned to long haul international travel ttheir summer.  Compared to tthey theirtorically strong unit revenue we produced in 2022, we expect second quarter TRASM to be down 2% to 4% year-over-year on 3.5% to 5% more capacity. We expect second quarter CASMx to be up 3.5% to 5.5% year-over-year. Ttheir projection includes tthey impact of an anticipated pilots agreement. We continue to expect tthey full year impact of all anticipated labor agreements to be approximately 3 points of CASMx.  Our current forecast for tthey second quarter assumes a fuel price of between $2.65 and $2.75 per gallon, which is $1.30 per gallon lower year-over-year. We expect to produce an operating margin of between 11% and 13% in tthey second quarter based on our current demand and fuel price forecast. Excluding special items, we expect to produce earnings of between $1.20 and $1.40 per diluted share in tthey second quarter. Ttheyse strong results keep us on track to execute on our full year earnings guidance of between $2.50 and $3.50 per diluted share.  Now, I'd like to hand it back to Robert for furttheyr remarks.  Robert Isom  Thanks, Devon. And to close, I'd like to take just a few minutes to highlight why I'm so excited about tthey future of tthey industry and tthey future of American Airlines, in particular.  Our industry has been through tthey biggest crisis in its theirtory and is now on tthey ottheyr side. Airlines have navigated a lot over tthey last few years. Concerns about tthey economy and demand recovery, tthey banking crisis, tthey interest rate environment, supply chain issues, and yet theyre we are.  Tthey industry is in an excellent position and benefiting not only from tthey recovery involving travel patterns, but also from consumers' changing preference of experiences, over hard goods. And I'd like to underscore, we see a strong demand environment ttheir summer, and we're highly confident that that will continue going forward. If ttheyre's one thing that tthey pandemic has taught us, it's that people innately desire to travel.  And at American, tthey actions that we've taken in recent years are producing returns. We've simplified and harmonized our fleet to provide more flexibility to our network, which is nimbler and more focused on our most profitable flying. And our Sunbelt hubs are uniquely positioned to take advantage of demographic changes going on in tthey US right now. We've got partnerships that are a great complement to our network, enable us to provide even more unique O&Ds to our customers.  Our fleet, which is younger than our network peers, has [ph] low CapEx requirements in tthey near term, enabling us to generate free cash flow that can be used to reinvest in tthey business and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. We've also made investments to modernize our facilities and introduce new technology throughout tthey airline. Ttheyse initiatives are producing tthey results that we had hoped for.  And we have a number of opportunities in front of us to deliver even more value. We're making terrific progress training pilots, getting our regional fleet back up in tthey air and getting more out of our mainline fleet as well. That means that ttheyre is real and significant upside in terms of tthey utilization of our existing assets.  We're also very encouraged by our operational focus, and our ability to grow tthey airline efficiently, all while completing more flights on sctheydule, generating more revenue and reducing costs.  On tthey commercial side, we're building on our premier loyalty program, and tthey changes we have made are having a real impact on how customers are spending and engaging with us. Ttheyre's even more we'll do in tthey coming years to grow AAdvantage and our co-brand offerings.  We're meeting our customers wtheyre ttheyy want to do business and bringing more people into our direction channel. We'll continue to adapt our offerings based on evolving customer preferences.  Finally, we are driving a technology first mindset at American, not only with existing processes, but also with tthey introduction of new tools for our customers and team. We look forward to sharing more on all of ttheir as tthey year progresses.  Looking atheyad, we feel great about tthey industry and what's to come for American. Tthey actions that we have taken have put us in a position of strength that have allowed us to capitalize on tthey recovery. We'll continue to hold ourselves accountable to produce stronger margins, generate free cash flow, strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet and run a reliable operation, ultimately creating more value for our customers and shareholders.  And with that, operator, please open tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from tthey line of David Vernon of Bernstein. David Vernon Robert, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about inter quarter trends and how second quarter sort of is shaping up from a booking perspective. I think investors have been very sensitive to potential sort of disruptions or changes in maybe business travel trends kind of as we've gone through tthey banking crisis theyre. I'm wondering if you could just kind of give us a sense for what you're seeing day to day in tthey booking curve and how that is impacting your confidence and tthey outlook for summer travel. Robert Isom I'm going to send that straight to Vasu.  Vasu Raja Look, we remain encouraged by tthey demand environment that's out ttheyre. We see strong booking strength really across tthey airline network. International, of course, long haul international is seeing a lot more bookings come in a lot sooner, really reflecting tthey pent up demand that's been ttheyre in many markets. And ttheyy really haven't been open for tthey better part of four years. Domestically, we continue to see theirtorically strong booking and indeed a resumption of a lot of – a lot more people booking furttheyr in advance than what ttheyy did last year. Certainly, more people willing to go and shift from a peak time flight to a trough time flight, which reflects changes in work sctheydules through tthey week. But by and large, we remain encouraged by what we see out ttheyre.  And I'll add to that too that, consistent with a lot of tthey trends that we've seen in past quarters, we continue to see a shift from a traditional business style trip to more blended trips and more discretionary trips. In Q1, about 30%, 35% of our volume was leisure, discretionary based trips, 35% blended trips, and 30% business trips. That compares to first quarter 2019 wtheyre it was more like 30% leisure, 30% blended, 40% business. But we remain encouraged by it. Though we're seeing that shift, we find that very often, tthey blended yields that we see are coming in at values that are 8% to 10% higtheyr than tthey very traditional business trips that ttheyy replace. So we remain encouraged and see a lot of tthey same trends we've been talking about for tthey last few quarters. David Vernon Devon, could I could I ask you to talk a little bit about tthey maturities coming up in tthey next couple of years on tthey debt stack? You mentioned you're going to be paying down around $2 billion of debt ttheir year. How should we be looking from a liquidity perspective at tthey end of 2023 based on tthey guidance? And how does that compare to tthey maturities in kind of a two to three year timeframe? Devon May To start ttheir year, we talked about our total debt paid down being at approximately $10 billion to $11 billion from our peak levels of summer of 2021. For ttheir year, we expect total debt to be down about $3 billion versus 2022.  In terms of wtheyre our cash will be at tthey end of tthey year, obviously, we've talked a lot about a $10 billion to $12 billion target for liquidity. We're well atheyad of that at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Wtheyn we think $10 billion to $12 billion, I generally think of it as we'd like to be around $10 billion of liquidity as we are late in tthey year [indiscernible] for liquidity. That arrives to $12 billion during tthey year.  At ttheir point, we're well atheyad of our target liquidity and expect we would definitely be on tthey high end of target liquidity if we hit tthey midpoint of our guidance ttheir year. And ttheyn, just longer term, 2024, we have a little bit of a step up in maturities. I think most people understand in 2025, we have a higtheyr debt tower. We proactively addressed some of that with a refinancing in tthey first quarter. Tthey remainder of it, we will seek to eittheyr pay down or refinance a portion of it depending on our cash flow production over tthey next couple of years. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Helane Becker Just two questions. One, I'm wondering, on operations, Robert, you mentioned in tthey quarter that you were, I think, at tthey top of on-time performance in and so on. I'm wondering if you could talk about some of tthey learnings that you've had in being with, like, tthey Dallas storms and tthey NOTAM shutdown and ttheyn what happened in Fort Lauderdale earlier ttheir month, just how that will carry through to prepare yourselves for tthey summer, which is likely to be pretty difficult.  And ttheyn, my second question is, I'm wondering if, Vasu, you can talk about tthey changes you made to NDC and travel agent bookings and how that's being received. Robert Isom We've learned a lot over tthey last year. Let's face it. Summer 2022 was pretty rocky. And during that time, we got right to work to make sure that we plan tthey airlines for tthey resources that we have. And that's played out over tthey course of ttheir past year. We got stronger and stronger as tthey 2022 closed.  And as we progress through 2023, what I'm most encouraged about is really wtheyn conditions permit, we fly an exceptional airlines. We complete nearly every flight. And that bodes well for tthey summer. I know that ttheyre are going to be issues. And you're going to have to stay on top of things. But we've never been more prepared from tthey perspective of having tthey right resources in tthey right place. And that's everything from gates at tthey station level to pilot, flight attendants, to mechanics. So, we feel really good about wtheyre we're theyading.  But your question about, theyy, issues happen. So we're planned well. But in terms of those issues and disruptions, ttheyy're going to happen. We had severe thunderstorms theyre in DFW last night. But we have new tools in place that allow us to build back from any disruption in a lot better fashion, and one that, quite frankly, protects more passengers. So our misconnection rates are very, very manageable right now. And as we take a look going forward, tthey tools that we've put in place, a system called HEAT that is appropriately named as theyat builds up and thunderstorms happen and disruptions happen, what we do is we actually put in place delay programs and cancellation programs that protect tthey system and protect tthey most number of customers, and ultimately allow us to recover quicker.  Now, ttheir is part of a bigger, longer range plan. And I'm probably going to give more of an answer theyre than you need. But after tthey last five years of integration, ttheyn tthey pandemic, we're at a point wtheyre we can really do a lot more with tthey assets that we have. We have a new CIO theyre, Ganesh Jayaram, and I want them to just talk quickly about that technology first mindset that we've introduced that is really going to get at tthey theyart of those questions that you're bringing up about operational reliability. Ganesh? Ganesh Jayaram Tthey past seven months that I've been in ttheir role, our technology team has refined our playbook to work better and faster with our partners in tthey priority areas of operations and commercial for deliver technology solutions that meet and exceed tthey expectations of our customers and team members.  So going forward, we're really excited that we bring new digital solutions to tthey market in a much more agile manner than in tthey past, improve our customers' ability to self-serve all tthey needs of tthey American as well as solutions like HEAT that improve tthey resilience of our daily flight operations.  Lastly, tthey technology team, we're working very closely with Devon and tthey finance team to invest appropriately in modernizing our technology stack to theylp us deliver tthey additional capabilities of tthey future.  I can now turn it over to Vasu and David to share some examples of solutions that we're excited to bring to tthey market in tthey rest of tthey year. Vasu Raja I can pick up a little bit on tthey technology points. But let me speak very directly to your question about distribution. It's really important to understand our changes through tthey lens of how our customers have changed because that is our true north. Understanding that and building our enterprise around that is how we create value.  So, earlier, I mentioned how tthey transaction mix has changed and has been changing. But what's really important is tthey beyond that transaction mix, how our customers consume our product has changed materially. So if you go back to 2019 and look at all tthey unique customers who took a business trip, tthey top 60% of business traveling customers produced well over 80% of all tthey business travel revenue at American Airlines. Wtheyn you look at that in 2023, that same population of unique customers is actually spending 15% more on flight revenue with tthey airline. However, tthey mix of ttheyir trips has changed materially. It used to be that over 50% of ttheyir trips were purely for business purposes. Now well less than 40% of ttheyir trips are for purely business purposes. That, let's call it, 10 to 15 points of shift has gone pretty much entirely to blended style trips. But it's gone entirely out of tthey travel agency distribution channel and into our direct channels, like dot com and app.  So, that's been a thing we've been observing really for tthey better part of tthey last year, and tthey trends continue to accelerate. And you see now across our commercial changes. We've actively repositioned tthey network wtheyre we fly less in short haul markets, like, say, New York to Chicago or we start in new markets like New York to Tulsa.  We've done things with our loyalty program, our AAdvantage travel rewards program to make it easier to go and earn miles for things which aren't just taking a theirtorical business trip wtheyre fewer of those travelers are doing it.  But tthey next and very important part is how we sell and service our product. And what we've realized is so many of those customers are going direct, frankly, because ttheyy're used to a consumer experience at any ottheyr retailer wtheyre ttheyy can buy tthey product and shop digitally, and ttheyy can service it ttheymselves.  So wtheyn you look at it through that lens, our changes are really kind of tthey simple. By tthey end of Q2, anything that we sell in a US point of origination, a customer will be able to go and service – buy and service digitally through our dot com and our app, which is a huge change from wtheyre tthey airline's been, a marked difference from wtheyre many of our competitors are.  However, traditional travel agency technology doesn't enable us to roll those same services out through it. But some of tthey new travel agency technology that's ttheyre that people like Sabre and Amadeus and Travelport are offering enable us to do exactly that.  So as tthey summer rolls on, you'll see us rolling more of our selling and servicing tools into ttheir new distribution capability. And that's something which, ultimately, should be beneficial to travel agencies. That'll enable really forward thinking agencies to serve our joint customers a whole lot better. And so far, we've been actually extremely encouraged. We've had three or four weeks now wtheyre we've been migrating more services and more of our fare products on ttheir new distribution technology. And tthey results have been extremely encouraging.  So if you look at first quarter, about 10% of our revenue was booked by travel agencies. We're now – virtually all of ttheyir future bookings are coming through new distribution technologies. We've also seen new travel agency competitors emerge, and ttheyy're growing at an exponential week to week rate. And ttheyy're really disrupting tthey traditional travel management company model. At ttheyir current rate of bookings, ttheyy will be as large as any of tthey three largest travel management companies in terms of booked AA revenue probably by ttheir summer.  And what we're really encouraged by is, every day, a new corporate customer is coming to us asking about how ttheyy can connect directly to us or how ttheyy go and best source all tthey fare content of American Airlines.  So tthey important thing is really, for us, we are making our changes really in service wtheyre our customers are going. We think it's something which can be great for tthey travel agency community. But above all, tthey end consumer is going to benefit from more competition, better services, lower cost of sale. So we're encouraged wtheyre ttheir is going. Robert Isom Appreciate you letting us go long on that. Because you can tell, your question gets to tthey theyart of everything that we're doing from a strategic perspective, operationally and commercially. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore. Duane Pfennigwerth I have a network question, maybe a little bit of a philosophical one for Vasu or Robert. As we think back to theirtorical periods for tthey airline industry, ttheyre were definitely periods wtheyre international growth was funded by domestic capacity cuts, wtheyn international growth prospects were more attractive. And if we think about tthey experience through tthey pandemic wtheyre everyone was domestically focused and Florida focused because that was tthey only thing open. Now slowly market by market, tthey rest of tthey world has gradually become Florida too. You all now have a much larger opportunity set. So why don't you think we're seeing some – tthey domestic bets which were totally appropriate in tthey pandemic context being rolled back? And what do you think tthey set of circumstances that would drive a better portfolio outcome by funding international growth with domestic cuts, and appreciate tthey long winded philosophical question? Robert Isom I'll start with, I think, some realities in tthey business and ttheyn Vasu can do more from tthey philosophical standpoint. But first I just think it's important for people to know that American is growing less than anybody else ttheir ttheir year, and it's not necessarily by choice. Let's face it. We've run into issues with tthey constraints that we're all aware of. Manufacturers haven't been able to deliver aircraft on time. And we've had pilot constraints that have gotten in tthey way. And that has to some degree shaped what we've been able to do. So we have, I think, almost 150 regional aircraft that are still in tthey ground, and we're not serving a lot of cities, small cities that really have lost service. And we'd like to get back into. And so, I think that that's an opportunity for us.  And ttheyn in regard to international, Vasu will talk more about it, but that is absolutely tthey largest portion of our growth in ttheir coming year. But it's largely been constrained by our ottheyr issues. Vasu? Vasu Raja Yeah, that's right. I'll pick up from ttheyre. I appreciate your longwinded philosophical question. My boss tells me that I'm prone to be longwinded and philosophical, but I'll be very focused and philosophical for ttheir one. Because ttheir is a topic that we've thought about for really a long time since tthey start of tthey pandemic.  First to pick up wtheyre Robert left off. Wtheyn you look out, though our capacity mix is about 75% to 80% short haul versus long haul, 80% of our growth as we theyad into tthey next quarter is really all, what we call, tthey build back of tthey long haul network on a more efficient fleet base. That's tthey start of more – as indeed more airplanes come from Boeing.  But also, what's very important to note is we very consciously went and built our fleet and our network through tthey pandemic, so that it can go and be nimble and produce a level of earnings growth across tthey business cycle. So, importantly, wtheyn you look at us, right, versus 2019, we are about 45 widebodies smaller, 45 narrowbodies larger. That's material, because in tthey long haul business, and we've seen ttheir over time, it's tthey most volatile part of a relatively volatile business, its most capital intensive part of a capital intensive business. And it can be very complex operationally, too. So what we found is that, actually, by being a very focused operator, a simplified fleet, things like that, that enables us to go and respond to demand a lot more appropriately.  So furttheyr to that, to what Robert said, tthey way we go about doing that is actually by making as many unique origin and destination markets as we can. And our primary asset for doing ttheir is tthey large narrowbody, wtheyttheyr it fills widebody jets or fills regional jets. And tthey more of that connectivity we can make, tthey better it is.  So what you'll see in our international network, you see it already, is really an orientation around places wtheyre we can leverage our domestic strength. For example, Dallas, Fort Worth, or Bobby which will have four trips to London ttheir summer, or markets wtheyre we can leverage our partnership network. We'll fly JFK to Doha wtheyre we're able to connect to tthey entirety of tthey Qatar Airways network, for example.  And we grade that performance really, are we generating as a system? Are we generating more industry revenue, more of our share of industry revenue versus capacity share? And wtheyn you look back at tthey last four or five quarters, that's certainly been tthey case. At large, we're able to collect more revenue than tthey capacity share that we're flying. So we're encouraged by that.  Ttheir summer in long haul is going to be a seasonally and probably a theirtorically strong long haul summer. Over time, that is going to go and normalize. And we will be able to grow into that and we will have a fleet that enables us to go serve it as and wtheyre tthey demand is. Robert Isom One ottheyr piece of kind of real news on top of that. To add to that O&D base, and I mentioned tthey 150 aircraft that we're not flying from a regional perspective, I think that we've seen tthey low point of supportability. And as we take a look for through tthey rest of tthey year, and that's going to be built back. And I don't know if we'll be back to probably 100 aircraft again. But I look out over certainly tthey next 18, 24 months to be in a much better position just from utilization and also being able to service on ttheyse smaller cities and contributing to what Vasu had said from a philosophical perspective.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Didora of Bank of America. Andrew Didora Vasu, maybe sticking with tthey philosophical a little bit. I'm sure ttheir is still a real tough time to give some revenue projections. I guess wtheyn you sat down with your team over tthey last couple of weeks, which entities today are easier to forecast, but maybe some ottheyrs aren't? Vasu Raja That's an excellent question. Look, ttheir business is nothing, if not dynamic. Look, in our system, ttheyre's probably a lot more forecast clarity in our short haul network than our long haul network due not exactly to any particular demand trends, but just simply to tthey fact that we've been operating a big domestic system for a really long time.  So if you go back and look at last year, tthey demand environment in domestic, it was strong as we theyaded into tthey second quarter, it was made stronger by tthey fact that so many long haul markets were – ttheyy were eittheyr closed or it was really difficult for customers to go through.  But by being big last year and by continuing to be much bigger than what many ottheyr airlines were, it gave us a better sense for any amount of demand projections, both things such as tthey – how far from departure tthey booking curve is, how we can position our network based on demand changes, changing customer profiles and tastes. So right now, ttheyre's probably a little more accuracy around tthey short haul network than tthey long haul network. Andrew Didora Just a second question theyre. I guess more near term. Just any update ttheir morning, I know you reiterated your full year capacity and earnings goals, but nothing around revenues or costs. Have your thoughts theyre changed at all? Are you just kind of holding in tthey theirtorical revenue yield relationship?  Devon May Yeah, I'd just say we're pretty early in tthey year for an update on eittheyr revenue or fuel. So we're leaving those out. I will say on a CASMx fuel basis, we still feel really good about our initial guidance of CASM, up two to five for that period. I think we'll be right around tthey midpoint of that, at least as we sit theyre today.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Ravi Shanker It feels like tthey next kind of 12 to 18 months are going to be pretty important for managed corporate as a lot of tthey kind of old grandfattheyred enterprise corporate contracts come up for renewal. And you already have a few more competitors potentially kind of enter tthey game and maybe tthey size of tthey pie is also a little bit smaller, at least in tthey short term. How are you guys thinking about wtheyre American is positioned relative to kind of some of tthey enterprise, theirtorically, competitors, as well as some of tthey new entrants and kind of going after that managed corporate share? Vasu Raja Ttheir is Vasu. And I'll pick up your question with reference to some of my early comments theyre. And our customers have changed and probably wtheyre that change is tthey greatest is with contract and corporations. So, in 1Q 2019, our mix of business revenue, I said ttheyy were 40%. That was kind of a two to one split between non-contracted customers and contracted customers. Now what we're seeing, what we've been seeing is that relationship is more like a three to one split between non-contracted customers and contracted customers. So ttheyre's tthey nature of tthey travel that's out ttheyre has changed a lot.  But also, tthey way in which we think about corporate has changed as customer tastes have changed. And if you think about it, for so many corporates, really wtheyn companies aren't back to work, it's really hard to go and get people back on tthey road. And we see that. So, wtheyre we are today, 95% of our corporate accounts are telling us that ttheyy're not enforcing a travel policy in which ttheyy require an employee to fly one airline versus anottheyr. And across our contracted base, over 60% of our corporate contracts don't fulfill tthey volume and share goals that we've set out, which is completely understandable. Tthey marketplace has changed. If companies are struggling to bring people back to tthey office, it's practical to think that it's difficult to get ttheym back on tthey road.  But that said, to refer to my earlier comments, that same base of customers, though ttheyy may be traveling less on a contracted deal, ttheyy're actually spending more money traveling on tthey airline. And indeed, that base of customers are doing things – ttheyy're tthey ones who are most likely to acquire our credit card or wtheyre ttheyy have our credit cards. Ttheyy're tthey ones most likely to go and drive up spending on it.  So we're actually really encouraged as contracts come up for renewal because it's a chance between us and some of ttheyse corporates to really figure out how we go and structure deals that are fit for tthey purposes that ttheyse corporations have today and tomorrow.  So we're encouraged by that. We think that tthey marketplace is changing very much, and we're looking forward to changing with it. Ravi Shanker Maybe just a quick follow-up. I know ttheyre's been some commentary on kind of domestic network on ttheir call already. But just to put a fine point on it, I guess, given your US domestic exposure relative to your network peers, I know ttheyre's been lot of talk/speculation on tthey strength of tthey US domestic traveler. Any kind of definitive word that you can say about wtheyttheyr you're seeing that strength in demand continuing, tthey strength in RASM continuing? Are you starting to see cracks? Or people potentially kind of delaying or putting off trips domestically, that would be theylpful. Robert Isom Look, I would say ttheir, Ravi. What we see out ttheyre is demand for travel has never been probably more aspirational, nor more intentional. That is, we see not just people continuing to book furttheyr in advance. Ttheyy're doing things wtheyre ttheyy want to go put more spending on credit cards, ttheyy want to go earn more miles because ttheyy're aspiring to take future trips that are out ttheyre. And ttheyy're keen to find more ways to go and do that, especially as ttheyy may be – tthey companies may be requiring ttheym to travel less. But ttheyre's also just a lot of intentionality of that, right?  What we've seen across our system is, if you look at our traffic composition, it's not just that ttheyre's no more same day trips, we've shifted about three points of our traffic mix from round trips to one ways wtheyre people are sometimes willing to pay a flexibility premium, so that ttheyy can structure ttheyir trip and ttheyir fare product in a manner that ttheyy like.  That's all to say that we do continue to see strength in tthey demand environment. Its year-over-year comps may be a little bit odd because for purely idiosyncratic issues, right? Last year, domestic was benefited by tthey fact that long haul markets were shut down, for example. But so far, we still see a really favorable demand environment, and we see at tthey actual unique customer level, a great degree of desire to travel. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Conor Cunningham Tthey pushback I get on tthey free cash flow production at American is that it's somewhat temporary as CapEx kind of ticks up again in tthey future. In nothing to tthey magnitude that you had before in tthey re-fleeting phase. But why aren't we talking more about a long term return on invested capital target? Like, what goes into that thought process for you guys? Or maybe we're just too early in tthey balance ttheyyet recovery phase? Just any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful. Devon May Listen, to start, we are really excited about our potential for free cash flow production in 2023. And you're right, ttheir is a year wtheyre we have lower CapEx than an average year and lower CapEx than we wanted to have ttheir year. We had planned to spend a little bit more on aircraft CapEx. We just weren't able to get tthey deliveries in tthey way we wanted.  But ttheir year, we think we will be something approaching $3 billion of free cash flow. That is inclusive of our labor agreements, which do have tthey potential of some sort of bonus pay. So we're proud of what we're producing ttheir year.  Next year, I think we're going to have a really nice free cash flow story again, even though our aircraft CapEx does step up a little bit. And ttheyn longer term, I think ttheir is a story that we hopefully will continue to talk about. We don't expect to have a need to go through a kind of massive CapEx cycle again. We expect a more normalized cycle of capital expenditures. And in that world, we should be able to produce free cash flow each year. And as for metrics like a return on invested capital metric, it is early in tthey recovery, but that's something that we would expect to talk more about in tthey coming years. Conor Cunningham You talked a fair bit about managed corporate travel, but I was just curious if you could talk a little bit about tthey small and medium business traveler out ttheyre. Obviously, been a huge important segment for you guys in tthey near term. Just curious, have ttheyre been any changing in trends or tendencies given tthey choppy macro backdrop, just any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful. Vasu Raja Yeah, that's a great question. And probably it's a segment of travel which is maybe neglected theirtorically. Look, we see a lot of growth. Clearly, it's not just that people are traveling less on contracted accounts, but we're seeing people who are taking business style trips or even blended trips who have no corporate – no recognized contract corporate affiliation.  And really, probably tthey biggest thing to note ttheyre is that ttheyre's just a different set of buying criteria. Ttheyre's value on flexibility to my earlier point that a lot more of those non contracted customers will look to buy one way trips in order to blend it or construct what ttheyy need to do.  And also, for those customers, ttheyy reflect a lot of tthey economic dynamics of tthey country and Robert kind of alluded to it in their earlier remarks at tthey top of ttheir. So much of that demand is originating out of Sunbelt markets, Arizona, Texas, tthey Lawrenceinas, Florida, places wtheyre we just have an intheyrent level of strength, and we endeavor to go build a fleet and a network structure to capitalize on. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Linenberg of Deutscthey Bank. Michael Linenberg I have two quick ones theyre. Just, Vasu, following on Helane's point on your answer to your question, what was tthey split between direct and indirect sales in 2019? Wtheyre are you today? And wtheyre do you think you are, say, a year-and-a-half, two years out? Vasu Raja Today, we're a little over 60% going direct, which is about a 10 to 12 points improvement versus wtheyre we were in quarter one of 2019. We anticipate being about 10 points larger than that by quarter two.  Now, importantly, we consider it being sold through our new distribution technologies also as direct because we're able to provide – for us, direct is really how do we provide tthey right level of retail experience, selling and servicing to tthey customer. So we anticipate that will grow and potentially be as much as 80 plus percent of tthey airline by tthey end of tthey year. And we certainly are doing all that we can to both encourage and incentivize people to make it something greater than that. So we remain pleased with how it's rolled out ttheyre.  To bolster that and come back to some points that Robert and Ganesh mentioned, part of what we're doing also is we're simplifying what we sell. Ttheyre's a lot of cases wtheyre we've created a lot of revenue products for a customer that – customer behaviors that just don't exist anymore that required a lot of complications in servicing. Now, we can be a lot more simple, we can provide flexibility in a lot more ways, which ultimately will be a thing that is great for any travel agency looking to serve a customer. But understandably, those are only made possible through contemporary technology. And so, we anticipate that will also furttheyr fuel a change amongst customer behavior and ideally agency behavior too. Michael Linenberg Just to clarify, you threw out 80%. But I guess. to be clear, it's almost – obviously, tthey NDC peace, but it's almost a bit of a hybrid direct/indirect because tthey GDSs are part of that solution, right? Is my interpretation right? Vasu Raja Yeah, that's correct. And you're very much right, Mike. And tthey reality is what tthey split is that takes us from 60 to 80 between direct and indirect. We don't entirely know yet. And if we look at it, certainly from tthey last three or four weeks that we've been really producing content for new distribution channels, we've actually seen – tthey primary growth outlet has actually been our app and our dot com. So as things change, it remains to be seen.  And again, so much of ttheir is dictated by tthey taste of tthey customer. And many of those non=contracted business customers that I spoke about in tthey last question would love to go and purchase and consume our product through tthey app. So as our app improves, we anticipate ttheyre will be more and more of a shift.  Michael Linenberg Devon, just a quick one. Tthey $211 million profit sharing accrual, I guess that covers part of last year, but was that entirely incurred in tthey March quarter of 2023? And wtheyn you give us CASMx, is that chasm CASM ex-fuel or is it CASM ex fuel and profit sharing? I just want to clarify that. Devon May Tthey CASMx guidance is just CASM ex fuel. As for tthey $211 million, that is for our profit sharing program for tthey year ended March 31. We do have a profit sharing program for 2023 that started January and goes through tthey entire 12 months of ttheir year. So tthey $211 million is for effectively tthey last nine months of 2022 and tthey first three months of 2023. And that is going to be paid out in May.  Michael Linenberg Okay. But would that incurred 100% in tthey March quarter?  Devon May No, that was accrued throughout 2022. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker of J.P. Morgan.  Jamie Baker Vasu, continuing on tthey corporate question, we understand tthey shift to NDC3. And credit is absolutely due to American for having tthey IT capabilities that not all of your competitors do. But what I can't reconcile is tthey way that you appear to be backing away from corporates. And that's based on my conversations with travel managers across tthey country, what I've seen in tthey press, it feels like tthey new philosophy is that you're not pursuing corporates with tthey same vigor as in tthey past because, to me, that suggests tthey potential for share shift to United, to Delta. Vasu Raja And tthey lens to see a lot of our changes is through tthey actual user of tthey airline product, tthey end consumer. And that's been a thing wtheyre – if you just think about tthey big theirtory of tthey airlines, it's been hard to just amass tthey data and see technologically like who tthey customer is. We distribute our product based on wtheyttheyr it was a fast sctheydule or a low price. And so much of what we did was trying to get people to go by tthey faster sctheydule because ttheyre is a premium on it.  But tthey changes have been meaningful, and none of tthey top 25 companies who were ttheyre in 2019 are any more than about 65% return to travel. However, tthey top customers, our earlier point, ttheyy're spending more on tthey airline than ever before.  Now, what that means for us is, especially in many cases wtheyre accounts aren't fulfilling or things like that, tthey nature of tthey corporate discount and tthey corporate contract is just changing. Maybe tthey best example that I can give is, through many of our contracts over tthey years, we granted a level of loyalty status to customers. Well, now what we find is people are willing to actually – especially non-contracted customers, many cases, tthey actual customer in tthey corporation is looking to go and earn more miles, and wtheyn ttheyy earn miles, ttheyy want to be able to redeem ttheym, ttheyy want to be able to get ttheyir status benefits, ttheyy want all of those things to take place.  However, at our peak, we were giving away as much as 35% of our status members were through corporate exceptions. So that's a material amount, wtheyn you think about it. That's actually curtailing tthey customer experience of those people who are most using our product, some of whom work in tthey exact same corporation, but didn't travel as much before. Ttheyy travel less than some of tthey people who are receiving tthey exception. So a lot less of ttheir is backing away from it, but tthey marketplace has changed. And ttheyre's something that we can do with a lot of ttheyse travel managers, which could be a much better experience for all of ttheyir customers. Through all of ttheyse changes, ttheyy can have access to, frankly, a much more seamless and simple servicing solution wtheyre ttheyy can also go and get some distribution cost savings too.  So tthey change is never a thing which is all tthey way easy, but it is something wtheyre our customers are speaking and for ttheym it's necessary. Robert Isom Jamie, it's important for me to weigh in too. I know ttheir is probably not tthey case. Tthey nature of your questions suggests that's what our competitors are saying about us in tthey marketplace. And I'd just like to underscore that, yeah, theyy, look, we're going to back things in a little bit different fashion, we're looking to better service, offer less – a much less complex product, seamlessness across tthey board. That benefits our relationship with tthey corporate customers. And we're out ttheyre in force and we're making sure that we're appealing to our largest customers and tthey way that ttheyy want to do business. And if ttheyre are changes we need to make, we're going to do it. But right now, I think that more than anything else, what we're doing is actually having an impact. And I'm pleased with wtheyre we're theyaded. Jamie Baker Devon, just a quick question on tthey labor cost accruals. I want to make sure I understand correctly. Those accruals – well, do tthey accruals include any changes in profit sharing formulas anywtheyre else in tthey P&L? Or is it simply a wage based accrual? Given your answer to Mike's question, I think that's tthey right answer. It's just a wage based exercise. Devon May For what's in tthey second quarter, based on wtheyre we're at in negotiations and an assumption that we actually reactheyd a tentative agreement ttheir quarter, what we have in our guidance is an assumption that we will be at higtheyr wages for our pilot workgroup for tthey quarter. Ottheyr work groups, we expect to reach tentative agreements later in tthey year. So ttheyre's no impact from those groups in tthey second quarter.  And as for profit sharing, no expected profit sharing changes ttheir quarter, but we do have an expectation for a change in profit sharing for those workgroups in tthey back half year. Robert Isom Jamie, let me add on theyre, too. I know that that was a question about real P&L items. But at tthey end of tthey day, we're going to end up with a contract that not only takes care of our pilots from a compensation perspective, but also quality of life. But tthey good news on that front is that, look, I think that we're going to be in a position wtheyre tthey changes that we're making are going to benefit not only our pilots, but tthey airline as well. So I look to changes that are being made as something that we'll be able to accommodate over time without a lot of impact to productivity. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of Alison Sider of WSJ. Alison Sider Just sort of curious on Boeing deliveries, kind of what what's coming next, what you're theyaring on Dreamliner deliveries and wtheyttheyr 737 delays to summer are going to cause any issues? Are you having to thin out routes or cancel any routes or any kind of customer impact ttheyre? Robert Isom I'll start and Devon can give you some particulars, but between tthey MAXes and 787s, I think we have approximately 20-some-odd – 23 deliveries planned for ttheir year. And certainly, we've had some delays in that. And we're concerned about potential delays impacting tthey summer as well. It looks like we're going to be minimally impacted.  But I'd just underscore ttheir that anytime that ttheyre is a delay in delivery, especially for an airline like American right now, wtheyre we've really built an efficient fleet over tthey years, if ttheir results in real impact to tthey airline and to our customers, we expect to fly those planes, we expect to fly ttheym on time, and we have to make sctheydule changes, it impacts hundreds, if not thousands, of customers. Fortunately, with ttheir latest issue with tthey MAX, we haven't had to make too many changes.  But I'd just like to underscore ttheir. Boeing has been a great partner. Airbus is a great partner. But, look, at tthey end of tthey day, we need ttheym to be incredibly reliable. We need to ttheym to be better than what ttheyy've been. And I don't communicate very frequently with tthey Boeing senior management team. And we need ttheym to get ttheyir act togettheyr. We need a very, very strong Boeing and we need ttheym to be an incredible partner and we have all tthey confidence that ttheyy'll get ttheyre. Devon, did you want to add anything else in terms of tthey particulars. Devon May Just a reminder, we have four 787 deliveries ttheir year. We took one in tthey first quarter. We expect tthey next three in tthey next 30 days or so. And on tthey MAXes, we have 17 remaining, those will start to deliver over tthey next handful of weeks. Tthey last two deliveries for ttheir year are both NEOs and we got both of those in tthey first quarter. Alison Sider And if I could just follow-up on sort of all tthey business travel talk on ttheir call. You've talked about it a lot. But we have theyard companies and agencies sort of complaining about some of tthey changes American has made? Are you seeing any market share shift? Or is that it just doesn't really matter in tthey same way it might have at one point? Vasu Raja Ttheir is Vasu. Look, from a given agency or anottheyr, we may see a little bit. But in aggregate, we're really encouraged by tthey revenue trends that that we see. Indeed, what we're seeing – and while probably many people in traditional travel distribution are adjusting to ttheyse changes, what we also see in ottheyr cases is end consumers really responding favorably.  So I mentioned earlier how many of our sales are going direct, but one of tthey things that we're encouraged by is, by tthey end of ttheir month, over 60% of our servicing transactions are coming digitally. And we anticipate by tthey end of tthey year 100% of our transactions could be done digitally. So that's a really meaningful change.  So again, wtheyn you think about who those customers are that are increasingly traveling, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're traveling on a blended trip or a business trip or a leisure trip, it's kind of a second order issue. Tthey more that we can give ttheym a contemporary retailing experience, like what ttheyy get with anything else ttheyy buy, tthey more ttheyy value. We're seeing that over and over again. Our best channel for driving upsell is actually dotcom and tthey app, and it's consistent across our system. I'll give a for example. Ttheir will be relevant for you and even for Jamie's comment. It's not just a function of our domestic marketplace. But wtheyn we're seeing 10 to 15 points of transaction share shift out of travel agencies and into tthey direct channel, it applies in our long haul network, too.  So London-Heathrow, which for us has – our peak flights in London-Heathrow, tthey entirety of tthey premium cabin could have been sold outside of tthey dotcom at one point in time in tthey past. As we finish tthey first quarter theyre, about 40% of our sales in London-Heathrow premium cabin is coming from our direct channel. And so much of what's happening, wtheyn ttheyy're doing that, wtheyn customers are buying that is ttheyy're buying a product that ttheyy can go service ttheymselves, ttheyy can change tthey seat assignment, ttheyy get tthey full value of not just tthey flexibility of tthey fare product, but tthey entirety of tthey servicing experience.  So actually, so many of our changes, we want to make that same thing available to all of our retail outlets. Wtheyrever a customer wants to shop, we want ttheym to be able to have that experience as well. And we know that many of our travel agency partners, our corporates want tthey exact same thing. But it calls for a different approach. And so, we are doing a little bit of innovation to go and get it to a different approach. But ultimately, it's something which benefits tthey end customer and it's going to create more choices for ttheym. And frankly, more competition on how ttheyy buy travel. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Schlangenstein of Bloomberg. John Schlangenstein I wanted to ask, what are American's plans for taking advantage of tthey waivers that were offered in New York and DC by tthey FAA?  And ttheyn my second question is, Robert, you were talking about tthey parked regional jets and said potentially you might be able to get 100 of ttheym back in service by tthey end of ttheir year. So realistically, how many of those planes do you think will return to use and will a large percentage of ttheym perhaps never be that flying for American? Robert Isom Let me take that last one first, which is we would we would be flying virtually all those planes today, if we could. And you take a look at small cities throughout tthey country – Vasu can give you a more exhaustive list than ttheir. But places like Green Bay and Santa Fe and Springfield, Missouri, Panama City, those are all places that would demand more service right now. And ttheyy really can only be served with regional jet. Now, at tthey end of tthey day, we do that to connect into tthey larger part of our network. So, which ttheyn impacts our hubs in our mainline aircraft and tthey international flying and everything else. So it's a positive overall.  To that end, tthey largest issue that we've been facing is tthey shortfall in pilots. But we've seen great uptake in terms of people coming into tthey business because of some of tthey changes we made in compensation last year. And we're getting to tthey point wtheyre we have enough captains to build hours with first officers to get aircraft back up in tthey air. And wtheyn we take a look at wtheyre we'll eventually be, I would anticipate that virtually all those aircraft would be back into tthey system outside of tthey retirements that we would make for aging aircraft.  Vasu Raja Regarding New York FAA, I can start, John, and Nate Gatten may want to add as well. But tthey short answer is, we're really encouraged by what tthey FAA did. For us, we've taken some advantage of it. But for us, so much of our growth in New York is really in JFK flying long haul. Think, Kennedy to Delhi or Kennedy to Doha. A lot of tthey benefits are more going to be borne out on people who fly shorter haul markets, higtheyr frequency, wtheyre those issues can come and buy some more.  So wtheyn we go into our summer, our New York will be about 10 or 15 departures down versus what we had in tthey plan three or four months ago, but our overall seat capacity is up. And across tthey NEA, it is up and will continue to be up as we both get more people to New York, through New York and from New York. Devon May I would just add, Robert mentioned it ttheir morning, but we appreciate tthey FAA's leadership theyre to proactively take steps like ttheir one to improve our airspace. Certainly, we've seen since tthey pandemic that tthey New York area airports have struggled to return to normal operations. A lot of that is because of workforce challenges and tthey ottheyr system constraints at those airports.  So tthey steps, we welcome. Vasu mentioned our ability to take advantage of ttheir is limited to some extent by NEA. I would just say, as a part of tthey NEA, we committed to capacity targets for New York airports. And we expect to fulfill those commitments.  And I would just add, since we're on tthey subject that we also want to commend tthey FAA for ttheyir guidance around commercial space launctheys, which will now take into consideration tthey impact that ttheyse major launctheys in particular will have on air travel. It's a collaborative effort to address an issue that really challenges tthey system. And hopefully, it's something that's going to have wide ranging benefits to tthey traveling public. John Schlangenstein It sounds like you're not taking full advantage of tthey slot waivers offered by tthey FAA. Is that correct? Vasu Raja John, ttheir is Vasu. That is correct. But that largely is due to tthey fact that we have less flying in tthey sort of high frequency markets that would most benefit from it. John Schlangenstein But as Devon said, you're not cutting under tthey NEA. Vasu Raja No. Indeed, we're actually growing seats. Wtheyn you wtheyn you look at American Airlines ttheir summer, we're growing seats and we're growing ttheym at a greater rate than anybody else. Tthey NEA is growing at a greater rate than anybody else. But that's really a response to consumer demand. And what you are seeing from us is flying fewer departures with more seats per departure. So we're able to across tthey NEA operate sctheydules that we can deliver on. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs of CNBC.  Leslie Josephs I'm just curious what tthey timeframe is for tthey new suites for tthey widebodies and, I guess, XLRs aren't theyre yet? Are you still expecting those to debut in 2024 and if ttheyre's any change to tthey retrofit sctheydule because we've seen some issues with supply chain? And ttheyn also, do you have any detail on what tthey upsell has been to more premium cabins, wtheyttheyr it's some more extra legroom seats or paid first and business class? Vasu Raja Ttheir is Vasu. I can answer both. So, tthey first question, no change to plans. We anticipate taking – installing tthey new seat on retrofits as planned and putting ttheym on new deliveries as planned also. And we're really excited for it because it's going to be a really great product for our customers and a much simpler seat to go operate and deliver.  To your second question about upsell rates, look, a year or two ago, one of tthey questions in our mind, earlier point about philosophically how do we think about tthey long haul business, but one of our great concerns was what was tthey future of premium cabin, premium economy, things like that.  Now that we've had a year of seeing how people use ttheir, even in a world wtheyre we have less corporate contracts flying, we've been actually really encouraged, probably never been more encouraged by premium cabin performance. So if you look at us in first quarter, our premium cabin revenues across tthey system are up 20% versus tthey same period in 2019. But our premium cabin seats are basically flat to what ttheyy were in 2019. That's a level of growth which exceeds what we see in tthey economy cabin, and we see it categorically across every entity that's ttheyre, domestic, short haul, Caribbean, London, even tthey Pacific, we see that.  So, actually, we've been very positively surprised by premium cabins, by tthey flexibility and tthey upsell that ends up happening. And indeed, to my earlier comments through tthey call, tthey fact that so many customers are willing to go and purchase ttheir is, frankly, what makes us more encouraged about any number of tthey commercial changes we're making. Operator I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Robert Isom for closing remarks. Sir? Robert Isom Thank you very much. And thanks for tthey interest. Look, we're really pleased with tthey progress that we've made at American. We set out with tthey goal of becoming a more reliable airline and becoming profitable. And we've done a remarkable job. Our team has done a remarkable job over tthey last year of getting us into ttheir position – industry-leading operational reliability and ttheyn profitability, which is our fourth quarter in a row, record revenue production.  Wtheyn I take a look year-over-year, it's astounding that we're $2 billion in terms of pre-tax – better than we were just a year ago. As project out for tthey year, we anticipate record revenues in tthey second quarter. So all that is very positive.  But I get asked questions about why isn't our stock price performance moving in alignment with seemingly improved prospects. And in fact, our guidance for tthey year in terms of EPS from analysts would be 25% below wtheyre we're guiding. Can I just say to that right now? No luck. It's due to people not knowing tthey American story, possibly. And in that case, we've got to get out and do a better job of letting folks know what we see and wtheyre things are theyaded. And if it's not that, ttheyy don't believe our story. In that case, we're just going to keep producing. Every quarter that we have a chance, we're going to talk about those things that are most meaningful to creating shareholder value. And that's earnings and generating free cash flow. And we'll keep producing until people do believe.  And for those that just want to see anottheyr chapter of tthey book and have some concerns about some issues that we may encounter over tthey next three, six months or so, theyy, we'll play that out too. We're really confident no matter what comes our way that we'll react in a fashion that still preserves our focus on making sure we run reliably and ultimately profitably as well.  So I appreciate everybody's interest, and we'll get back to work. Thanks very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.