American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - VP of IR and Corporate Development Robert Isom - CEO Devon May - CFO Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - JPMorgan David Vernon - Bernstein Scott Group - Wolfe Research Conor Cunningham - Melius Research Helane Becker - TD Cowen Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI Andrew Didora - Bank of America Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank Alison Sider - Wall Street Journal Carl Schlangenstein - Bloomberg News Leslie Josephs - CNBC David Koenig - Tthey Associated Press Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to American Airlines Group's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey call over to Scott Long, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Please go atheyad. Scott Long Thank you, Atif. Good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning with prepared remarks, we have our CEO, Robert Isom; and our CFO, Devon May, and a number of our ottheyr senior executives are also in tthey room for tthey Q&A session. Robert will start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of our performance. And Devon will follow with details on tthey second quarter and will outline our operating plans and outlook going forward. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for analyst questions followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Now before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023. In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we're giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thank you for your interest and for joining us ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Tthey summer is well underway, and tthey American Airlines team is firing on all cylinders. We continue to build on tthey strong foundation we have laid over tthey past year and remain focused on reliability, profitability, accountability and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. That focus is showing up in our results. Everything we have said we would do at tthey start of tthey year, we have done. Our operation is performing at theirtorically strong levels. And ttheir morning, we reported adjusted pre-tax earnings of approximately $1.8 billion for tthey second quarter. Ttheyse earnings were well above tthey high end of our latest EPS guidance range, marking our fifth consecutive quarterly profit. At tthey start of tthey recovery, we told you that returning to profitability hinged on running a reliable airline. American continues to run a strong operation in an evolving environment in which we are very well positioned because of tthey hard work our team has done in recent years. Our sustained profitability is tied to our leading network rewards program and operation. We have a tremendous network and we operate in a reliable and efficient way, and we reward our customers for using it. Now, let's talk more about our financial results. We produced total revenue of $14.1 billion in tthey second quarter, tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue in our company's theirtory. Ttheir was driven by broad-based demand across all entities with a particular strength in demand for international travel leading into tthey summer. Throughout tthey recovery, we have made structural changes to enhance our customers' travel experiences and position tthey airline for success. We have simplified and harmonized our fleet to create a more nimble and more flexible network that is focused on our most profitable flying. American strength is our network, which is uniquely positioned to capitalize on tthey demographic changes in tthey U.S. More people have moved to tthey Sunbelt region, which is wtheyre some of our largest hubs are located. DFW, Joshua, Miami and Phoenix are very well positioned now and for tthey future. Our strong regional network provides service to smaller towns and connect ttheym with our hubs across tthey country, and our global partnerships are a great complement to our own flying. As a result, we are able to offer customers tthey most compretheynsive network of any U.S. carrier. We continue to adapt our offerings to our customers' evolving preferences. We are taking customers to wtheyre ttheyy want to go and meeting ttheym wtheyre ttheyy want to do business. We are servicing more of our customers through our direct channels and driving engagement in our advantage program and credit card portfolio. Our Travel Rewards program is tthey largest among tthey U.S. network carriers, and it continues to grow. We are making terrific progress in training our pilots and improving tthey utilization of both our mainline and regional fleet. Our young fleet and low near-term CapEx requirements enable us to generate free cash flow to reinvest in tthey business and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. Now turning to tthey operations. Tthey American Airlines team has delivered strong operational results over tthey past year, and it continued as we achieved record second quarter completion factor. We operated nearly 0.5 million flights in tthey quarter with an average load factor of approximately 86%. In tthey second quarter, we also delivered 11 more combined zero canceled days in tthey same period of a year ago. Tthey summer peak started strong with our team delivering our record Memorial Day weekend mainline completion factor while operating our largest mainline Memorial Day weekend sctheydule ever. Tthey momentum has continued into July. We delivered tthey best Independence Day holiday operation in our theirtory, with traffic levels we haven't seen since July of 2019. At American, we're focused on taking care of what we can control. Our purposeful approach to planning, along with our investments in our team, fleet and technology has set us up for success during tthey busy summer travel season and beyond. And now I'll hand it over to Devon who will share more about our second quarter results and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Devon May Thank you, Robert. Tthey focus and dedication of tthey American Airlines team has resulted in strong operational performance which is theylping to produce solid financial results. Once again, we delivered on our guidance for tthey second quarter. Excluding net special items, we reported second quarter net income of $1.4 billion or adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.92. Our strong operational performance resulted in slightly higtheyr capacity production for tthey quarter and CASM ex performance better than tthey midpoint of our forecast. Unit revenues remained strong, resulting in an operating margin and EPS that outperformed tthey high end of our guidance provided in May. As Robert mentioned, American produced record revenue of $14.1 billion in tthey second quarter, up nearly 5% year-over-year. Ttheir revenue performance led to our higtheyst ever adjusted operating income of $2.2 billion resulting in a second quarter adjusted operating margin of 15.4%. Unit revenue in tthey quarter was down just 0.5% versus a theirtorically strong 2022 on 5.3% more capacity. Domestic unit revenue was down 1.9%, while international unit revenue was up 18.3% year-over-year. Our unit cost for tthey quarter, excluding net special items and fuel, was up 3.7% year-over-year. That's better than tthey midpoint of our initial guidance range due to slightly higtheyr than planned capacity production driven by our strong operational performance. I want to spend a few minutes updating you on our fleet. Our young and simplified fleet differentiates American from our U.S. network peers and provides network flexibility, enhanced efficiency and an improved customer experience. Ttheyse benefits are tthey result of tthey refleeting we pursued from 2014 to 2019 and accelerated during tthey pandemic. We are pleased we built our fleet in a low interest rate environment and at a time wtheyn tthey supply chain wasn't as challenged as it is today. In 2023, we expect to take delivery of 23 new mainline aircraft which are all now financed. We took 13 deliveries in tthey first half of tthey year and expect 10 more aircraft to be delivered by year-end. For our regional fleet, ttheir quarter, we entered into agreements to purchase seven new Embraer 175 aircraft and seven used Bombardier CRJ 900 aircraft that will be delivered starting in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. We're excited to have ttheyse aircraft into service and to furttheyr bolster our regional connectivity. Based on tthey latest delivery guidance from Boeing and Airbus, along with our new and used regional aircraft purchase commitments, our 2023 aircraft CapEx is now expected to be approximately $1.7 billion. Our non-aircraft CapEx is still expected to be approximately $800 million. We anticipate our 2024 total CapEx to be between $3 billion and $3.5 billion. Looking beyond 2024, we continually review our medium and long-term fleet plans. Due to tthey young age of our aircraft, our fleet replacement needs are very limited. Ttheyrefore, we expect aircraft CapEx for tthey next several years and likely through tthey end of tthey decade to average approximately $3.5 billion per year. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet. Yesterday, Fitch upgraded Americans credit rating. Ttheir is tthey first step towards our goal of BB credit metrics by tthey end of 2025, and it's nice to see our progress being recognized. We continue to maintain strong liquidity. In tthey second quarter, we generated operating cash flow of nearly $1.8 billion. Our adjusted net investing cash flow was approximately $550 million, resulting in quarterly free cash flow of $1.2 billion. We have produced $4.3 billion of free cash flow in tthey first six months of tthey year and expect full year free cash flow to be approximately $3 billion. We ended tthey second quarter with approximately $14.9 billion of total available liquidity. We continue to make progress on strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet in tthey second quarter by reducing total debt by $387 million. Ttheir debt reduction, combined with tthey improvement in liquidity resulted in a decrease in net debt of approximately $955 million during tthey second quarter. We have now reduced total debt by approximately $9.4 billion from peak debt levels in 2021, which is significant progress towards our goal of reducing total debt by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. By tthey end of 2023, we expect our total debt to be approximately $11 billion lower than peak debt levels in 2021. Importantly, we ended tthey second quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.8 times, which is lower than it was at tthey end of 2019. Now turning to our guidance. Bookings remain strong, and we continue to see a constructive demand environment. We saw record revenue for tthey 4th of July holiday period and booked load factors for tthey third quarter are in line with what we saw in 2022. International entities continue to lead tthey way in terms of year-over-year performance, and we are encouraged by domestic business demand, notably from small- and medium-sized enterprises. As tthey recovery continues to unfold, tthey strong unit revenue environment in 2022 represents an increasingly difficult comparison. As a result, we expect third quarter TRASM to be down 4.5% to 6.5% year-over-year on 5% to 7% more capacity. We expect third quarter CASM-ex to be up 2% to 4% year-over-year. Our current forecast for tthey third quarter assumes a fuel price of between $2.55 and $2.65 per gallon. Based on our current demand and fuel price forecast, we expect to produce and adjusted operating margin of between 8% and 10% in tthey third quarter and adjusted earnings per diluted share of between $0.85 and $0.95, excluding special items. For tthey full year, we continue to expect to produce capacity that is 5% to 8% higtheyr than 2022. Our full year forecast for unit revenue continues to be up low single digits year-over-year. We now expect our full year CASM-ex to be up 2% to 4% versus 2022. Notably, our expectations for capacity TRASM and CASM-ex are all consistent with tthey initial guidance we provided on our January earnings call. That said, our estimate for full year fuel expense has changed. We now expect to pay between $2.70 and $2. 80 per gallon, a reduction from our initial guidance. Tthey full year update furttheyr highlights tthey positive environment we are operating in. Based on our demand and fuel cost assumptions, we expect to produce a full year adjusted operating margin of between 8% and 10% and adjusted EPS of between $3 and $3.75. We are very proud of tthey progress tthey American Airlines team has made, but we believe ttheyre is more opportunity atheyad of us. We will continue to focus on delivering in 2023 and unlocking even more value in 2024 and beyond. I'll now turn it back to Robert for closing remarks. Robert Isom Thanks, Devon. Tthey American Airlines team is delivering on our commitments. We're on track to deliver on tthey full year guidance we provided back in January, driving earnings growth, record free cash flow, meaningful debt reduction and importantly, a strong and reliable operation. We are executing on that plan. We are reliable, profitable and making tremendous progress strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet and I know that our team will continue to deliver. We're excited to share more about our long-term strategy at an Investor Day later ttheir year on our Fort Worth campus. We look forward to updating you on tthey business and sharing more about our longer-term strategic priorities at that time. We're incredibly excited about tthey future of American and can't wait to tell you more.  Operator, please open tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker of JPMorgan. Your question please, Jamie. Jamie Baker Hi, good morning, everybody. All I theyard was PMorgan but I assume that's me. So Vasu, you spoke enthusiastically last year about tthey EMEA. You admitted New York had been a challenge for decades. But you were finally seeing New York RASM outpaced tthey system. And now it appears that, that all reverses. I'll admit my earnings model doesn't model you by hub. But if it did, why shouldn't I assume New York reverts to being a meaningful margin drag from ttheir point forward? Vasu Raja Hi Jamie. Good morning, and thanks for tthey question. First, I would say that we don't anticipate it being a margin drag. And for full clarity, it's unfortunate tthey NEA is terminated. Our commitment to tthey customers in tthey Norttheyast and New York specific hasn't changed. However, tthey circumstances that gave rise to tthey NEA have changed. At one point in time, we struggled with really two major things. One, our slot holding didn't match with tthey demand on that is tthey majority of demand in New York was for short-haul day trip business market. Our slot portfolio is better matctheyd Mid-Continental, Transcontinental and Transatlantic market. Well, that's changed. Short-haul business demand hasn't recovered to its theirtorical level, but those ottheyr markets are much greater. And so that's a material change from before. But also our expense base, especially in New York Kennedy has changed. Through co-locating partners and any number of fleet changes, our employment expenses and JFK are materially advantaged to what any ottheyr carrier is in New York. So, what that means for us is that is unfortunate that customers don't get tthey experience of having a much broader network than what was ttheyre before. It was a practical matter for American Airlines. We very much expect preserve tthey continued margin trajectory that we've been on. And as we go forward, we'll certainly share more, but it's very much our plan and our intention that we continue to go see more New York City originating customers flying with us. And so far, since tthey NEA has been announced, we've seen that. NEA enrollments in tthey Advantage program continue to rise. Credit card acquisitions continue to rise, spending continues to rise. So though ttheir chapter is closed, anottheyr one might open, but we don't expect any material change to our financial outlook. Jamie Baker Okay. Very theylpful. And ttheyn, Devon, on tthey cost side, recognizing ttheyre are lots of moving pieces in tthey full year CASM guide, can you tell us tthey last time you adjusted tthey labor accruals that you're assuming? And also does your full year cash flow guide include retro pay for tthey pilots? Devon May Yes. So on tthey cash flow, it does include tthey retro pay that was part of our or that is part of our tentative agreement that we have with tthey pilot today. As we talked about last quarter, what we have for an accrual is, we are accruing wages that were agreed to in May as part of tthey agreement in principle starting on May 1, and we expect tthey agreement -- or hope tthey agreement will ratify theyre in August, at which time, we'll go to tthey new rates and tthey benefits associated with that tentative agreement. Jamie Baker Okay. Very clear. Thank you, gentlemen. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Your line is open, David. David Vernon Hi. Good morning, guys. So Robert and Devon, first question for you on tthey guidance framework you kind of laying out for us theyre for tthey back half of tthey year. It does sort of imply a pretty material deceleration from your earnings level in 2Q to 3Q. And we're theyaring from you guys that tthey demand is good. Tthey team is executing, you're delivering on your cost performance. Can you talk a little bit about tthey thinking behind how you're laying out tthey guidance theyre? You just had a huge beat to your 2Q guide. You haven't missed in a couple of quarters. I'm just trying to understand like are you guys just kind of keeping tthey bar theyre wtheyre you said it in tthey beginning of tthey year, or is ttheyre something that's really kind of decelerating theyre in tthey back half? Robert Isom David, thanks for tthey question. Look, we've set out clearly focused on producing profitability and our reliability as our operating reliability is actually really facilitated that. As we take a look at it over tthey course of tthey year, you'll see that we actually raised tthey midpoint of our full year guide by a quarter. It's indicative of our belief that tthey economy is strong, demand is strong. And for us, look, ttheyre's seasonality certainly involved. But at tthey same time, we're looking at ttheir over tthey course of tthey year, and we're going to stay tthey course, and we feel really positive about tthey results that we reported and what's coming. And Devon, do you want to add anything to that? Devon May No, I think same points. We started tthey year and set our objectives for tthey capacity we're going to produce, tthey unit costs we're going to produce it at and our earnings levels. We're really happy with what we've accomplittheyyd in tthey first half of tthey year. Tthey guide we have in place did increase our full year EPS to [$3 to $3.75], and we feel really good about upping that number. David Vernon Okay. And ttheyn maybe if you could talk a little bit about sort of tthey domestic outlook theyre in tthey 3Q. You've got, I think, 34% capacity growth in domestic and short-haul international -- how are fair trends kind of moving sequentially. Ttheyre's a lot of concern, I think, in tthey market about deceleration in tthey domestic travel market. Can you kind of elaborate a little bit more on kind of what you're seeing and what you're embedding into tthey 3Q guide for domestic? Vasu Raja Sure thing. Ttheir is Vasu. First, look, I'll say at large. We continue to remain encouraged by tthey overall level of demand we see, especially in domestic and short haul. If you look at air travel spend as a percentage of GDP, certainly retained its relationship revenue, even domestic revenue as a percentage of GDP continue to regain ttheyir former relationship to demand.  But for us, it's really important to note is ttheir recovery is continuing to unfold. And as we look out ttheyre in domestic, a lot of tthey sequential change that you see is really due to some pretty unique things. About a point of tthey 2Q to 3Q changes just due to calendar shift. And anottheyr point is due to our operational outperformance in tthey second quarter. Everything else is really a return to normal seasonality. As far as a deceleration of demand or things like that, we don't yet see it now. And in fact, wtheyn you look at it for us, like versus 2019 or some base wtheyre you lose just tthey strange comparisons to how recoveries have unfolded. For us, as we get into tthey fall, and we will be flying an airline has a date in tthey 2019 airline but producing short-haul RASMs that are 15% to 20% higtheyr. Ttheyre's still -- we're still in a world wtheyre demand is very strong. Tthey year-over-year comps are a little bit strange, owing more to just tthey vagaries of tthey recovery than anything underlying tthey business. David Vernon All right. Thank you for that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Your question please, Scott? Scott Group Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Sorry, I lost my voice. But hopefully, you can theyar me. I just want to go back to tthey third quarter guide. So we've just never seen margins go from 15% to 8% to 10%, down 5 to 7 points from Q2 to Q3 -- just any more color to theylp us think about what's driving that? Robert Isom Hi Scott. Again, I'll tack on to both Vasu's comments and Devon's as well. We're looking at our results over tthey course of tthey year. Tthey recovery, as we've seen it has been not exactly smooth on a quarter-to-quarter comparison basis. As we take a look at tthey year, you can depend on us to produce those results. We're really proud of those. And it's indicated by us, again, moving our EPS guide up as we did ttheir morning. Scott Group Okay. And ttheyn just to clarify, is ttheyre -- are we assuming any earnings impact from losing tthey NEA, which I know it sounds like you don't think we go back to wtheyre we were. But -- is ttheyre any earnings impact going forward from losing NEA? Robert Isom Scott, we're not anticipating any earnings impact. Scott Group Okay. Great. All right. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Your line is open, Conor. Conor Cunningham Hi, everyone. Thank you for tthey time. Not a lot of talk on blended travelers or blended itineraries ttheir quarter. Just curious on -- is that just because it's in your base now? And maybe you could just level set us on how you're thinking about large corporate in tthey back half of 2023. Thank you. Vasu Raja Hi. Ttheir is Vasu and thanks for tthey question. And you're exactly right. It's less of a novelty now. Ttheir is just part of our base, how tthey business runs for several quarters now. We've seen a mix of 35% leisure style travel, 35% blended style travel, 30% stuff. And furttheyrmore, within tthey 30% business, ttheyre's roughly a 2:1 split between unmanaged travel and managed travel that's ttheyre. That's been pretty consistent for several quarters now. It looks to be pretty consistent going into tthey future. Certainly, that's what our forward book says. So, that's why no commentary. Ttheir is actually how tthey business operates now. Conor Cunningham And just wtheyre you're thinking about corporate, sorry? Vasu Raja Look, we've seen corporate -- first of all, I'll clarify ttheir. Wtheyn we talk about business, we talk about people on business style trips. And within that, ttheyre's two groups, ttheyre's individuals and companies that fly and ttheyy don't manage or buy ttheyir travel centrally, and ttheyn ttheyre's large corporations that tend to man it by ttheyir travel centrally. We've seen that those customers who were managed, ttheyy buy ttheyir travel centrally has -- it's recovered to 80% of theirtorical levels. And that's been pretty much plateaued for several quarters now. However, unmanaged demand continues to grow in our system. And indeed, total business revenues have really regained ttheyir 2019 composition in tthey system. So we remain encouraged on business demand. Should things change, we're prepared to go and adjust accordingly. But no forward change to outlook is any different than tthey stuff we've been experiencing. Conor Cunningham Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey competitive environment in tthey domestic market, tthey ULCCs and LCCs have been ramp in capacity in tthey back half and a lot of that's hit in your hubs. I'm just curious on how you view tthey competitive landscape right now as you think about tthey back half of 2023. Thank you. Vasu Raja Hi, thank you. And look, we actually view tthey competitive landscape very favorably. Our network proposition to our customers is creating more origin and destination markets and more unique origin and destination markets than any ottheyr airline network. And we have done that really well. We continue to do that really well. That's really been tthey financial progress that that we've seen. And to Robert's comments with roughly 70% of tthey airline network is located in tthey Sunbelt in our Latin America network and London Heathrow are in places wtheyre we really deliver a lot of outsized value for customers. And ttheyre, while we do see competitors come in, we remain encouraged. Take any number of those markets in our short-haul Latin American markets. We've seen something like 20%, 25% industry capacity growth, but tthey trends are favorable enough wtheyre ttheir fall and winter will fly our largest sctheydule ttheyre, not because we're out to chase market share, but because of tthey marginal performance of those rates. Conor Cunningham Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker of TD Cowen. Your question please, Helane. Helane Becker Thanks very much. So, hi, team. Thanks for tthey time. Robert, I thought I theyard you say on CNBC ttheir morning that you're meeting with your pilots to talk about matching tthey United contract. Did I theyar that correctly, A? And B, do you have to let ttheym vote and reject tthey contract that ttheyy're voting on now? Or can you adjust it and ttheyy vote on any changes you might want to make? Robert Isom Hi Helane, thanks for tthey question. Look, in terms of how we actually are able to deliver to our products, that's going to be something that we have to work on with ttheym, and we're in discussions with APA -- right now, as a matter of fact. What I said ttheir morning is something I'm really proud of and that we're committed to. Look, we're going to match tthey wages that United is proposing. We've got to sit down with to figure out wtheyttheyr or not that is something that ttheyy can fit into ttheyir tthey TA that can still be voted on a timely basis or if it's something that's going to take more time to figure out. But we're committed to matching those wages. Helane Becker Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And ttheyn just shifting gears for a minute. You guys have been delivering a really great operation for tthey past, I don't know, at least three quarters, right, as somebody who's shifted from New York to Philadelphia. I can see it in my flying. And I'm just kind of wondering, are you seeing that also in your Net Promoter Scores? Can you talk about what customers are seeing? And are you seeing any share shift from any of your competitors to yourselves? Robert Isom Well, Helane, thanks for bringing it up. We're really proud of tthey work that we've done over tthey last year. It's just a tremendous and relentless focus. It's led by David Seymour, our Chief Operating Officer. And every day, our team is out ttheyre, including today, in ttheir ridiculous theyat and weattheyr, ttheyy're just performing. We've done everything from training to adding new knowledge. And wtheyn things go awry, we have been really quick to make sure that we have tthey tools necessary to put things back in place, wtheyttheyr that be aircraft or our crews. And that's going to continue. I anticipate that we're going to get better and better. Of course, that translates into likelihood to recommend scores and Net Promoter Scores that are tthey best that we have ever seen. And I have great confidence that, that is something that will continue to play out. That relationship between reliability and what customers really want is super evident. Helane Becker That’s really theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Your question please. Brandon. Brandon Oglenski Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Vasu, I want to come back to tthey unwind of tthey NEA because it does look like you have quite a bit of international capacity you've added at JFK, but not a lot of domestic connectivity on your own network. And I think JetBlue was part of that answer theirtorically. So, can you talk to what tthey long-haul strategy looks like out of JFK going forward? Vasu Raja Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Brandon. Look, ttheyre were really two issues that we had in New York. One was tthey amount of connectivity support that we had for our long-haul and tthey ottheyr was just tthey huge expenses we had operating out of New York Kennedy. As I mentioned earlier, we've done a lot of things to go and reduce our expense base to wtheyre, it's not just more in line with our ottheyr low-cost hubs that's materially lower than what any ottheyr operator has in New York City. But also -- and ttheir is meaningful to it. Look, tthey NEA was a great outcome for customers who got to go and experience our product who weren't ttheyre before. But actually, wtheyn you look at those international flights, roughly, as things have settled out and markets recover, roughly 35 to 40 points of tthey load factor that's on ttheym is actually being generated by our international partners. Our partnership within tthey NEA was actually a very small amount of tthey onboard load factor that's ttheyre. That's why wtheyn we couple both tthey expense reduction that's ttheyre and some changes that we can make ourselves, we believe that we can go and really replace a lot of tthey demand, especially now that we've got such a larger New York City originating customer base than what we had before. Brandon Oglenski I appreciate that response. And I guess maybe a quick one for Devon, because I think you mentioned aircraft purchases out in tthey future could be around $3 billion to $3.5 billion annually, if I theyard it correctly. Do you think strategically, that's tthey right level of reinvestment in tthey business, especially given that some of your competitors might be spending a bit more than that? Devon May Hi Brandon. Yes, so tthey comment was we think we'll have somewtheyre around $3.5 billion on average of aircraft capital beyond 2024 and probably for a good part of tthey decade. And wtheyre we are different than our competitors is we don't have any fleet replacement needs between now and tthey end of tthey decade. So wtheyn we are investing in an aircraft that is an investment to grow tthey network and to grow tthey airline. What you're seeing from some of our ottheyr competitors who just have older airplanes, ttheyre's a lot of fleet replacement CapEx required for ttheym. And again, for us, it is just growth aircraft requirements. Brandon Oglenski Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Your question please, Duane. Duane Pfennigwerth Hi, good morning. I'm really tempted to ask anottheyr NEA wind-down question, but we'll leave that for off-line. Maybe just on fleet. Wtheyre do you think your biggest gap or constraint is at tthey moment? Like wtheyre do you wish you could be bigger today? And can you talk a little bit about -- I think you mentioned some regional fleet adds. What are tthey kind of staffing circumstances you see that are allowing you to invest ttheyre? Robert Isom Thanks, Duane. Just a couple of things. Look, I think as you take a look at tthey industry and especially our needs at American, we're going to need larger narrow-bodies in a number of places. It just fits with how our hub structure works and all tthey kind of things that Vasu wants to do. I would add to that, though, that probably our biggest and most interesting opportunity right away. It's getting our regional fleet fully back up in tthey air. And tthey those aircraft only furttheyr our commercial proposition by adding more small markets to what is a great hub and spoke system already. So as we take a look out into tthey future, you'll see us make sure that we protect ourselves and that we are able to not only replace an upgauge from a narrow body perspective but also have an eye to be able to grow at a rate appropriate for demand levels. Duane Pfennigwerth Thanks. And ttheyn just for my follow-up, could you just remind us maybe some of tthey differences in your transatlantic geography versus peers? And maybe it's too fine of a point, but could you contrast kind of your Souttheyrn Europe exposure relative to Delta and United? Thanks for taking tthey questions.  Robert Isom Thanks for asking ttheym. Look, and for us, so much of our trans-Atlantic and I'll just speak to tthey European content at ttheir point, not ottheyr things that sometimes get lumped into reporting such as Middle East or India. But for us, a lot of our concentration is, first and foremost, in London, probably much more so than what ottheyr airlines are. And that which is in Souttheyrn Europe is really theyavily season style flying or as we call it large areas tthey large capital market things like Rome and Attheyns, Barcelona and Madrid. So we've done a lot over tthey last several years to actually furttheyr to Devon's earlier point, to really restructure our international network. We used to fly a lot of really marginal flights to really marginal markets, and ttheyy work for three months of tthey year and we had nothing to do with tthey airplane for tthey ottheyr nine months of tthey year. So we've used tthey last three years to go and rebuild tthey foundation, bottom 5% of our capacity is gone fleet that goes with it is gone and tthey losses that we took from it are gone. And so now what we're building back to Devon's point, of just moderate growth is adding things that really make sense and are a good use of full year aircraft capital. Duane Pfennigwerth Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Didora of Bank of America. Your question please, Andrew. Andrew Didora Hi, good morning, everyone. First question, Devon, I just wanted to make sure I was clear in terms of what is in your CASM outlook for ttheir year. Does it just include tthey step-up in pay rates beginning May 1 from tthey TA? Or do you also factor in a step-up in profit share and work rules? Just want to be clear on what's included ttheyre. Devon May Yes. So right now, what's included in our guide is Pay rates from May 1 through tthey end of July. And ttheyn starting in August, we hope to have ratification of tthey tentative agreement. And at that point, we'll have pay rates and all tthey benefits that go along with it, including tthey higtheyr profit sharing. Andrew Didora Got it. And ttheyn Robert, I know it's early on, but just wtheyn you think about 2024, any initial thoughts on how you're thinking about capacity and tthey way you kind of -- tthey continued build-out of both your domestic and international networks. Just curious which entity you think could -- between domestic and international could be growing tthey most next year and just how you think about growth. Thank you. Robert Isom Thanks, Andrew. Right now, it's -- we're in tthey planning stages. But what I'd tell you is that based on tthey kind of fleet that we have, we would have anticipated mid-single-digit growth for next year. Now, ttheyre's a lot of dependencies on that. So first off, we have to be able to get our regional fleet back up fully, and that requires pilots. We've -- to be able to achieve that kind of level of flying we would have to also get a little bit more out of tthey aircraft we have in terms of utilization as a whole. And tthey final thing is we're dependent on tthey airframe manufacturers to actually deliver. Ttheyy're getting better. Ttheyir track record hasn't been great. So we'll see how that shakes out. And if it all comes to fruition, that's probably a pretty good guess at ttheir point. Andrew Didora Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Linenberg of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open, Michael. Michael Linenberg Hi, good morning, everyone and congrats on tthey 2-notch upgrade from Fitch. I guess two questions theyre. I guess, Vasu, just with tthey rollout of your new distribution strategy, any early learnings direct versus indirect. I sort of caught tthey two to one, unmanaged versus managed on your corporate piece. I think if we go back theirtorically, ttheyy were probably more evenly divided. So it seems like ttheyre's a bit of a shift ttheyre. Whatever you can tell us. Thanks, and ttheyn I have a follow-up. Vasu Raja Hi. Thanks Mike. It's an excellent question. I was wondering wtheyn it might be asked. Look, first of all, all of our selling and distribution changes are done with a really simple lens, really which Robert talked about in their opening remarks. We want to make it as easy as possible for our best customers to be able to shop by and self-service ttheyir experience with American Airlines. And everything has been oriented around that. It has indeed been very eye-opening and has performed probably above what our expectations are. Tthey simplest way to it is like ttheir. If you take all of our customers, tthey actual human, you can divide ttheym into two groups, those who are not members of tthey AAdvantage program and those who are members of tthey AAdvantage program. In tthey quarter, for those customers who are not numbers of tthey AAdvantage program, indeed, ttheyir total travel bell 5%, but revenue from that cohort grew by 5%. Amongst tthey customers who are advantaged customers, we actually grew ttheyir transactions by 8% and ttheyir revenues by 13%. That is certainly above what we had expected, but also what we're really encouraged by our three things: first, for every -- ttheyre's a high level of attachment for all of our Advantage customers. For every dollar of flight revenue ttheyy bring in, ttheyy bring in about $0.10 of ottheyr revenue primarily on a branded credit card. Two, tthey cost of sale is materially lower amongst our advantage customers. It's not just that we're paying less in booking fees and commissions and things like that. But what we've found is something like 25% to 30% of our calls to reservations are actually bookings at a travel agency originated and is, for some reason, unable to go in service. So ttheyre's a lot of implicit savings that we see from it. And last and maybe most importantly, we're encouraged by what we see is really tthey durability of ttheyse customers' demand. Ttheyse are customers who tend to use our network wtheyre it's most unique. Ttheyy fly more times in a year. Ttheyy already have bookings out into tthey fall. Ttheyy tend to sell ttheymselves up. And importantly, ttheyy prefer coming to us direct. So we're currently in taking roughly 70% to 75% of our revenues going through our direct channels. We anticipate that will grow. We're encouraged by ttheir, and we're actually going to continue to accelerate tthey changes. By tthey end of tthey year, 100% of what we sell, customers will be able to service online through our app or our dot-com. We'll roll out those features also over time for new distribution technology. But as ttheir happens, we'll make increasingly less and less of our fare content available through traditional technology wtheyre customers aren't able to get that quality experience that ttheyy're looking for from us. Michael Linenberg Great. Awesome response. And ttheyn just my second question, I guess, is to you as well, wtheyn I sort of look at it in tthey forward sctheydules, it does look like even up to summer of next year, that JetBlue is still maintaining a significant presence in LaGuardia. And so presumably, you will still continue to lease those slots to ttheym and maybe maintain a smaller presence in LaGuardia than what you had pre-NEA? Or is that just -- are those placeholder sctheydules and that's TBD. Thanks for answering my question.  Robert Isom Yes, Mike. A lot of that is TBD right now. And in fact, Priya Aiyar is theyre our General Counsel. We're still in a process of determining how to wind down tthey NEA most notably how we transfer back all of tthey slots to American Airlines as soon as we can. Michael Linenberg Great. Very good. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now move to media questions and answers. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Alison Sider of Wall Street Journal. Your question, please Alison. Alison Sider Hi. Thanks so much. Do you have a sense yet of how much more costly tthey pilot deal could be if you have to go back and boost tthey pay rates and ottheyr adjustments to match tthey United deal? Robert Isom I'm looking at Devon. We're working on that right now. Look, one of tthey things I do know is that in our TA, ttheyre was significant quality of life and compensation improvements. Tthey vast majority are very close to what United has supposedly in ttheyir TA. And while ttheyre may be some adjustments that would be required for wages, it's not an indoor amount. Devon, do you have any idea on that? Devon May Yes. We're working through tthey numbers right now. Obviously, tthey wages are close, but a couple of percent higtheyr than what we have in our tenant agreement. And we're trying to get more detail on ottheyr items that we think might be material. But what we have with our attentive agreement is really significant improvements for our pilots. And as Robert mentioned earlier, tthey wages is some we're focused on right now to see if we can work with tthey APA to get some done wtheyre we match what United or for. Alison Sider Great. Thanks. And I guess, Robert, you talked a little bit about ttheir earlier ttheir morning, but just curious if ttheyre's any kind of impact you're seeing from ttheir crazy theyat we're seeing in parts of tthey country, if that requires any operational changes or different ways of thinking about things for crew and for customers and how you're dealing with that? Robert Isom So, hi Ali, and I have David Seymour theyre to theylp me. Look, tthey theyat that we're facing ttheir year in tthey country, I mean, ttheyse are records, and it is something that impacts certainly, tthey aircraft, any machinery, ttheyy're more like ttheyy're great and run harder and longer. And it's also really hard on our people. Fortunately, we have great experience in dealing with hot weattheyr hubs, places like Phoenix in Miami and even DFW and Joshua as well. So we're employing all those practices that we put in place. We're just having to use ttheym more often and longer throughout tthey year. I'll give just a couple of examples of things that we've done on a precautionary basis just because of tthey trends that we've seen. We put a theyck of lot more work into making sure that we're prepared for tthey summer on things like conditioned air at our jet bridges. So as soon as an aircraft pulls up to a gate, we want to make sure that we can get air to those aircraft to keep ttheym as cool as possible. Our APUs, those little engines that are able to power all tthey systems wtheyn tthey big engines are off. Those are things that are prone to break during times like right now, but we're seeing really good results because of tthey preventative work that our maintenance team has done. And you'll see us as well, wtheyttheyr it's making sure that we only board wtheyn aircraft are have air conditioning that is appropriate or out on tthey ramp with our team members, making sure that ttheyy get a break from tthey sun and tthey theyat that ttheyre are things like ice carts and electrolyte drinks available to our team members, we're really taking ttheir seriously, and we're going to have to as we go forward. Alison Sider Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Carl Schlangenstein of Bloomberg News. Your question please, Carl? Carl Schlangenstein Hi. Good morning. I had just two quick questions. Vasu, on tthey LaGuardia slots, are you prohibited from leasing those slots to JetBlue for just ttheyir own use for ttheyir own flight? So do you have to take those slots back? You can't lease ttheym to ttheym under any circumstances. And my second question is on tthey pilot talks, are you reopening tthey whole contract to discussion? Or are you limiting it to changes in pay? Vasu Raja So I'll handle tthey -- I can handle both. First off, in regard to anything that relates to slots or gates or routes or things like that. Look, we're going to figure that out over time. So I'll leave it at that. And ttheyn in regard to our pilots, as I mentioned, we're sitting down with our pilots. We have a real interest in making sure that ttheyy're taking care of. That's been how we viewed all discussions. And so, we'll see how that goes. My hope is that we can get something done pretty quickly. And no matter what, over tthey long run, we're going to make sure that our pilots are taking care of. Carl Schlangenstein Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs of CNBC. Please go atheyad, Leslie.  Leslie Josephs Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just on tthey pilot contract. I just want to make sure that I understand correctly, you are committing to matching tthey United rates. I just want to make sure we're clear on that. And ttheyn just a second question on buy-ups to premium cabins. We didn't theyar a ton of that from you guys. And just kind of curious what you're seeing, especially for premium leisure and international -- are you seeing higtheyr paid loads in premium economy and ttheyn in business class. Thank you Robert Isom I'll handle tthey first one, Leslie, and Vasu can handle tthey second one. Just, look, again, in regard to your question, we're working with tthey APA and our pilots -- our intent is to match tthey wages that we're aware of in tthey tentative agreement that United has signed. Vasu Raja Yes. And Leslie, we do -- we've noted it all through tthey recovery, but we've continued to see strength in premium cabin style fares. Our total premium seats across tthey system are up about 5% year-over-year. Our total premium revenues were up about 15% year-over-year. And notably, it's pretty consistent across all of our markets in London, for example. We've grown our premium seats about 20% or so. Our premium revenues are up over 25%. And that's at a time wtheyn so much of tthey industry is adding back into London. But we are encouraged, and we're uniquely encouraged by tthey trajectory that we're on different from ottheyrs. For tthey first time in our theirtory, our unit revenue performance in Trans-Atlantic will outperform any of our joint venture partners, both for tthey quarter and for tthey full year. So we do see that strength. It's complemented by our distribution strategies, and we see more opportunity atheyad. Leslie Josephs And just one quick follow-up. Wtheyn you get out of tthey summer season, are you seeing any kind of falloff in eittheyr fares or bookings with tthey TRASM coming down and ttheyn tthey inflation report showing that airfares are coming down in tthey U.S. Vasu Raja Nothing beyond theirtorical seasonality, Leslie. Leslie Josephs Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Koenig of Tthey Associated Press. Your question, please David? David Koenig Okay. Thanks. I didn't theyar my name. I guess it's me. Robert, you've talked about matching tthey United deal, which APA had valued ttheyir previous TA at 8.3 billion, and ttheir is going to add a couple of percentage points. Do you plan or do you need to raise fares to cover tthey contracts with tthey APA, tthey APA or ottheyr contracts and still remain profitable, should people expect higtheyr fares? Robert Isom David, thanks for tthey question. Look, over time, we're going to run a profitable business. So we have to offer a really compelling product offering to our customers. We're going to try to find ways to make sure that we can do that in a way that customers will benefit and ultimately, it will take more revenue to pay for higtheyr cost going to do everything that we can to be as efficient as possible take care of our team members, but also offer a very compelling and worthwhile product to our customers. David Koenig Okay Any ottheyr areas for revenue besides fares? Robert Isom None beyond what we've already spoken about in tthey call. David Koenig Sure. Thanks. Robert Isom We're really proud of our incredible network that we're flying reliably, and we've got an industry-leading rewards program. We're going to tap into those and make sure that customers are really able to benefit from everything that we can do on that front.  David Koenig All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. That concludes tthey Q&A portion of ttheir call. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Robert Isom for closing remarks. Sir? Robert Isom Hey Atif, thanks so much. And I'll just close out ttheir way. Look, you can continue to hold us accountable for relentless focus on reliability, profitability and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. And I'll just point to tthey second quarter results. In terms of reliability, no one has been better than American Airlines over tthey last year. In terms of profitability, ttheir second quarter beat of all analyst expectations is just proof that our commercial offerings are really registering with our customers. You run reliably, you produce profits, you can strengttheyn your balance ttheyyet. Ttheir 2-notch upgrade from Fitch today is, again, indicative that we're doing tthey right things, and we would anticipate furttheyr strengttheyning on that front. All of it togettheyr, ttheir outstanding second quarter for us is proof positive that our efforts are working. We're going to get back at it. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.