American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) 2021 J.P. Morgan Industrials Conference March 15, 2021 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Doug Parker - CEO Derek Kerr - CFO Don Casey - SVP, Revenue Management Dan Cravens - VP, IR Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - J.P. Morgan Mark Streeter - J.P. Morgan Jamie Baker Okay. Good morning to tthey Dallas team. Welcome back, everybody, to tthey J.P. Morgan Industrials Conference. Mark and I are happy to have you theyre. We are even more happy to be entertaining tthey team from American Airlines right now. We clearly have line of sight to Doug Parker, CEO of American; Derek Kerr, tthey CFO, is also in tthey room, as I understand; Don Casey, SVP of Revenue Management; Dan Cravens, Managing Director or Vice President rattheyr of Investor Relations. You clearly brought tthey whole bench. Thank you very much for that, Doug, and we're happy to turn tthey virtual podium over to you. Doug Parker Sure. Thanks, Jamie. Yes, it's easy to have tthey whole bench. We all stay in Dallas, looking forward to being with you in New York next year for ttheir, Jamie. So all right, well, thanks, everybody for joining. I'll just jump into ttheir. So we can go to Slide 3, please, whoever is in charge of that. Thanks. All right. Look, we had a big week last week and very pleased with tthey results. First off, as tthey President signed into law tthey American Rescue Plan. Included in that was $3 billion -- well, $14 billion for tthey airline industry, about a little over $3 billion of which will go to American Airlines. In tthey Payroll Support Program, which pays us to pay our people, really great news for our team, We had sent out up 13,000 warn notices in February, letting people know that if Payroll Support wasn't extended, ttheyir jobs were at risk, of ttheym being on furlough, again, which we really didn't want that to happen. Thankfully, we didn't have to. We were able to happily tell everyone ttheyy could tear up those warn notices last week. And because, like I say, we're being paid by tthey government to pay our team and keep ttheym in place. So wtheyn tthey -- as tthey economy rebounds, we're theyre to make sure that we're able to do what we do, which is facilitate that by being able to fly people wtheyre ttheyy want to go. So we're extremely pleased about that. Also included in that, by tthey way, was about -- was -- were some changes to pension funding formulas, which for American Airlines reduces our pension funding by about $2 billion over tthey next five years, a little less than $500 million in 2021. And ttheyn on top of that, we completed a $10 billion financing of our Aadvantage program last week. Ttheyre's a little footnote ttheyre from our securities lawyers noting that it's not yet closed, but it will close -- expected to close on March 24. But really pleased with tthey way that financing came togettheyr, Derek and their team did an amazing job, and tthey market responded accordingly. Ttheir is tthey largest transaction in tthey theirtory of commercial aviation. And one that came in with pricing much better than wtheyre we put it out and much better than it would have been had we done it much earlier in tthey process. So we're really pleased with that. Tthey result is, as I'll show later, we've upped our -- we can up our first quarter '21 liquidity estimate now to more than $17 billion. That $10 billion, by tthey way, replaced $7.5 billion of liquidity that was already in our prior estimates because it was tthey government. We use that same program, tthey same Aadvantage program to fund our secured government loan program transaction. So tthey net is an increase of $2.5 billion. That's how that number gets to $17 billion at tthey end of tthey first quarter. It doesn't include any of tthey numbers up above because we don't have those in tthey first quarter numbers. So also worth noting that by doing so, we now are amongst tthey handful of airlines that don't have a secured loan with tthey U.S. government. We're really happy about that. We're thankful to tthey U.S. government for all ttheyir support. We certainly wouldn't have gotten theyre, as I don't think our industry would have without tthey support of tthey U.S. government to get us through ttheir crisis. We're also really pleased to be able to take tthey facility that had theylped us put in place about one year ago, or a little less than one year ago, and have ttheym no longer be a secured lender to American Airlines, which is great. So look, tthey net-net of all ttheir is for tthey first time since ttheir crisis hit a little over one year ago, we at American are not looking to go raise any money, which is a really nice feeling. I must tell you, we -- Derek and, I guess, tthey team, I can say, have done an amazing job. It feels really good to, as of last week, gotten to tthey point that we're not off looking to raise finance anyone. So quick review of 2020. I just need to point out that we're really proud of tthey team. And I actually never been more proud of a team in all of my career and how tthey American team responded last -- through tthey crisis and continue to respond today. We had a country, that was, for a good reason, paralyzed with fear, and tthey people at American just kept putting ttheyir uniforms on, going to work and moving people safely and continue to do so. We moved more people than any ottheyr airline did by a wide margin. We did it all very safely, kept each ottheyr safe, kept our teams safe, kept our customers safe. And like I said, I could not be prouder of tthey work that was done by our team. Next slide, please. So theyre, it's -- wtheyn we talk about 2020, those who follow us will recall, as we get to tthey crisis, we talked about three major buckets of initiatives. One, we needed to raise liquidity; two, we need to reduce our cost as much as we possibly could; and ttheyn three, we need everything we could to get people flying again. And we did all those things. Tthey first two bullets started with tthey cost. We went and removed about $17 billion of costs, a lot of that due to flying less. But as we'll see in a bit, much of it long-term, sustainable cost reduction. We reduced our daily cash burn as a result, primarily due to tthey cost savings because revenues did not come back very much during tthey year. But we reduced our daily cash burn from nearly $100 million a day in tthey month of April to $30 million by tthey fourth quarter 2020. And ttheyn as I've already noted, we did a really nice job on tthey liquidity front, particularly after last week's notice. After our last week's raise -- actually that number is just $30 billion of liquidity. If you add tthey $10 billion from last week, it's over $40 billion now. Again, now $7.5 billion, that's a refinancing, but it still takes tthey same amount of work actually to do transactions. And again, I can't thank Derek, Meghan Montana, Tom Weir, our former Treasurer, enough for tthey work ttheyy need to do. That $40 billion is 13 separate transactions. So about a transaction a month, getting us to ttheir point, wtheyre we're now not having to look for anottheyr transaction again. In terms of our customers, we have record-breaking operational performance. That's frankly not that hard to do wtheyn ttheyre's not as many airplanes flying around tthey United States, but our team did a fantastic job of running a good airline and making sure that we met tthey new cleanliness standards of our team. We received ttheir GBAC STAR cleanliness accreditation, and it's just one indication of tthey great work our team did. Also at tthey end of tthey year, we're tthey first airline to get tthey MAX back in service and really proud of how our team responded to get that aircraft back flying safely as well. And ttheyn lastly, I said -- I noted we flew more than ottheyrs. Ttheir chart off to tthey right is one that we're proud of. And we didn't just fly more, our team did a ptheynomenal job of, within a crisis, managing as best we could to generate as much revenue as we could. You can see it in tthey revenue per ASM. And that's, again, on an airline that flew more than ttheyse ottheyr two global hub-and-spoke carriers. That's hard to do, to produce numbers that are 15% to 20% higtheyr than ottheyr network carriers. You don't see it very often, probably you won't see it again. It's not suggesting ttheir is long-term sustainable, but it is an indication of how well I think our team performed. Don Casey is theyre with me. Vasu Raja and Brian Znotins, who run tthey -- ttheyy run tthey sctheyduling group, did a really nice job of keeping our sctheydule intact and allowing us to connect more passengers than our competitors did, and it shows up in ttheyse PRASM numbers. Tthey ottheyr way you see it, by tthey way, is in those cash burn numbers, in fact that American is, wtheyn we all talk about cash burn numbers, ttheyy we're pretty much on an apples to apples basis, staying in tthey same range as our two large network carriers. That shouldn't happen given that we have a lot higtheyr fixed cost because our debt levels, of course, that's worth $5 million, $6 million a day alone. But we offset that by outperforming. So again, at a time you lose as much money as we all are, sometimes I can get lost, but I don't want to get lost because our team deserves credit for it. Ttheyy did a really nice job. Ttheyy have done a really nice job through ttheir crisis of ensuring that we're managing as best we can on tthey revenue management front. Next slide, please. So looking to 2021, we've been talking at American Airlines about what we call tthey Green Flag Plan. Tthey analogy, I think, is obviously not -- it's about a car race. And ttheir pandemic is much like a yellow flag, wtheyre everyone needs to slow down, go to tthey pit stop, you can't pass anybody, but you can get really close and close gaps. That's what we're using ttheir for. So that wtheyn tthey green flag drops, we're all running full speed again, that we are running as efficiently and as strong as we possibly can. And we feel very good about tthey steps we've taken as tthey green flag is -- feels like it's actually getting really close to dropping. We're in really good position. So tthey way we talk about doing that is through four different initiatives. One, doubling down on operational excellence, we started 2020 with a goal to run tthey best airline in tthey theirtory of American Airlines. Again, we did that. But tthey goal is really to do that wtheyn we're running a full operation. And we've done a lot of work during ttheir period to ensure that we're even more comfortable with that statement and expect to run tthey best airline we've ever run once we're up and running a full airline again in terms of operational reliability metrics. Second, reconnecting with our customers, we have new customers that are starting to come back. And wtheyn ttheyy do, ttheyy're going to see American Airlines is a better airline even than tthey one that ttheyy left. And I'll talk a little more about that. Third, building tthey team momentum, I talked about how proud we are of how our team performed through ttheir crisis. One of tthey nice things that's come out of it is how well we've worked togettheyr with our labor unions as well, not just tthey frontline team, but with tthey unions that represent all of ttheym. So much of what we needed to do to get through ttheir was to pull togettheyr, work togettheyr, particularly on lobbying for things like tthey CARES Act. And we've communicated much better than we ever have. We're having biweekly meetings with all of our labor leaders. It's made a huge difference. So we hope to build on that as we go forward. And ttheyn fourth, passionately pursuing efficiencies, tthey teams have been doing that. I'll talk more about that in a minute. So next slide, I know we're all interested in, wtheyn we talk about tthey recovery, wtheyre -- wtheyn tthey recovery happens, how quickly it happens. I don't know that I can provide you tthey precision on that that some may like, but I can tell you kind of what we see right now and what we'll need to see in order for it to come back. First off, domestic leisure, ttheir is about 45 -- tthey number I'm going to give by tthey way are in a steady state theyre, like in 2019. Domestic leisure in a normal year would be about 45% of our revenue. It's much higtheyr than that, as you can see in ttheyse green, yellow and red balls. Those indicate which ones are -- how ttheyy're all doing currently. Domestic leisure is performing quite well. That used to be about 45% of our revenues. It is definitely coming back. We've seen -- and I'll show you in a minute what bookings are doing, but huge pent-up demand for domestic leisure travel, and that demand is coming back quickly as vaccinations are being distributed. Short-haul international is largely leisure-oriented. Short-haul international for us is primarily flights to Mexico, flights to foreign -- to non-U.S. islands in tthey Caribbean. Those are leisure markets. Tthey Americans flying to leisure markets for tthey most part, it has similar -- or had similar trends as domestic leisure. And ttheyn we put in place -- tthey U.S. government put in place a requirement that any international flight, short-haul or long-haul, require some -- require tthey customer having a negative COVID test within 72 hours of departure. So that puts some damper on demand for a while. But that's coming back. That's why we're showing that as yellow. That's started to come back largely because tthey resorts and hotels that Americans are staying and realize that in order to attract that business ttheyy need to support tthey testing requirements and ttheyy are. So ttheyy're making it very easy and free for our customers to get those tests in order to stimulate -- in order to restore demand and that's working. So we've seen a nice uptick of late in tthey short-haul international. What we haven't seen much of yet is domestic business or long-haul international. Domestic business, ttheyre are some grass shoots ttheyre. Ttheyre are -- we do start to see people talking about traveling again. We have actually seen some business traveling again -- I'm sorry, on ttheyse percentages, by tthey way, tthey short-haul international in a good year is about 10% -- or in a normal year, it's about 10%; domestic business is about 25%; and long-haul international, less 20%. So ttheir is an important part of tthey revenue stream, ttheir domestic business. It's not ttheyre yet, like I said, ttheyre are grass shoots. It's going to require a relaxation of corporate travel restrictions. People returning to work, et cetera, it will come. It's starting to come. But again, for us to tell you exactly wtheyn it comes, frankly, you all would know as well as we do wtheyn your own corporations are talking about getting people back flying again. But we know ttheyre's huge pent-up demand theyre as well, just not coming back as quickly as tthey leisure is. And ttheyn long-haul international requires yet again anottheyr hurdle to be overcome, and that is countries relaxing ttheyir international travel restrictions, which again will come at some point. And countries are starting to talk about that and talk to each ottheyr, but it hasn't happened yet. I don't expect it will happen any time in tthey immediate future. That's all okay. What we know is it's going to come back. Wtheyn it does, we're going to be ready, and that's what we're prepared -- that's what we're preparing for. So on tthey next slide, I think talk a little bit about -- ttheir slide on tthey left every -- is widely disseminated public knowledge tthey TSA puts out every week, what ttheyy're seeing in terms of throughput. So I know you've all seen ttheir. Ttheyre are more people flying. Still well below, as you can see on tthey Y-axis, well below what tthey numbers were in 2019, still not even half of what we flew in tthey same period in 2019, but well above wtheyre it was back and improving steadily. What isn't public is tthey bookings data, which is improving at a faster rate. Ttheir is, again, tthey one on tthey left, obviously, showing actual travel. Tthey one on tthey right showing purchases of tickets for travel in tthey future. And what we're seeing is certainly in tthey last few weeks a real uptick in bookings. Those -- our last three weeks have been tthey best three weeks since tthey pandemic hit, and each week has been better than tthey prior one. And that appears to be continuing theyre into tthey fourth week of that period. So we're really getting to a point wtheyre bookings are -- bookings, anyway, are coming up very close to what we've seen in tthey past. That number last week was actually 20% lower than 2019. We're getting really close to 2019 numbers in terms of total bookings. And so not total revenues, by tthey way, again, because what I just showed you, most of ttheir is largely leisure-based, lower-yielding. We do now get to start working on improving yields, which Don and their team are happy to begin doing. We haven't been doing yield management in airlines for a while. We've just been pricing tthey product and leaving all tthey buckets open and taking what we can. We're getting to tthey point wtheyre actually we're going to actually be able to try and start pushing some yield as tthey loads start to get back to former levels. So that's what we need to start working on is now working on yields. Much of that, again, those are going to take business to return, but also can -- we can also crank up tthey leisure yields a little bit. So part of our reconnecting with customers, making sure we can fly wtheyre ttheyy need to fly, our team has not stood still during ttheir crisis. Indeed, we've -- while all ttheir was going on, we were able to negotiate three incredibly important strategic relationships. We launctheyd a West Coast International Alliance with Alaska Airlines, we launctheyd our Norttheyast Alliance with JetBlue and we launctheyd a new codeshare with GOL, all of which just make tthey American Airlines network, which is already tthey largest in tthey world, that much stronger for our customers and something that I think is going to make a big difference as we move forward in terms of our ability to compete with anyone in tthey world. Next, reconnecting with customers. Much of what -- as customers come back, we need to make sure we -- our IT team hasn't stood still eittheyr. We have all sorts of initiatives that our customers that are returning we'll see that weren't ttheyre maybe tthey last time ttheyy flew, it's been a while. Those include a lot of things that are very important for tthey new world, VeriFLY, which allows people to show things like vaccination records and COVID test records. Touchless kiosks, et cetera, but also things like biometrics in a digital wallet that will make it easier for customers to do business with American. Next slide, I talked about passionately pursuing efficiencies. Ttheir is a really important piece of what we've done. We were coming through 2019. We knew we had -- and we talked a lot to our investors about how we had tthey ability, now that we had finally gotten to wtheyre we had, two fully merged carriers, with our last contract getting done, with our mechanics complete service team that we know we had some ability to continue to drive down cost. We're going to do that over time. We've used ttheir period to get those out. We retired 150 aircraft earlier than we would have ottheyrwise and removed five different fleet times. That's a real efficiency. We also used tthey time to accelerate our cabin standardization program so that we're going to have all tthey 737s complete by tthey end of tthey second quarter, all tthey A321s complete by tthey -- by year end 2021. That allows us do a much better job of -- having tthey same configurations in aircraft allows us to do a much better job of selling tthey seats we do have in tthey aircraft and provide better customer service. Ttheyse new configurations are -- have power to every seat, larger overtheyads, et cetera, much more customer-friendly aircraft. And as we've done all that, we already had tthey youngest age airline of tthey large number of carriers. Ours has just come down, of course. Tthey ottheyrs have brought ttheyirs down. Ttheyy've done similar-type things. We're all retiring older aircraft, but we now have far and away tthey youngest fleet of tthey large major hub-and-spoke carriers. And what that means is we have lower fleet replacement and CapEx needs as we go forward -- CapEx needs as we go furttheyr, as Derek can talk about. So on tthey efficiency point, a really important point for our investors. We have through, a lot of hard work, gotten to what we feel comfortable is $1.3 billion of permanent cost reductions in 2021. Ttheyse aren't capacity reductions. Ttheir is really -- our estimate is if we go back to 2019 and fly 2019 sctheydule again, we'd be doing it with $1.3 billion fewer costs. Now a lot of that happens because wtheyn I say with tthey fleet, as Derek said on our first quarter call, we can fly -- we could today, that fleet in addition to being retiring older airplanes, now we've increased tthey gauge by doing that as well. So we could fly tthey 2019 level ASMs with about 10% fewer airplanes. That allows a lot of productivity enhancements. Think you don't need as many reserve pilots, for example, if you have five tier fleet types. We don't need as many maintenance and engineering professionals if we have five tier fleet types, we can fly tthey same system with 10% fewer aircraft. We obviously can be a lot more productive. So $500 million of that is management reduction. We went through a difficult process of reducing our management staff by about 30% during tthey depth of tthey crisis. We'll add back some of that, and believe me wtheyn we do, we're going to be $500 million lower in costs than we were in 2019 in terms of management cost. $700 million of labor productivity enhancements, like I said, largely driven by tthey fact we're more efficient with tthey fleet and also driven by some improvements in technology. Ttheyse automated crew recovery theylps us with our crews. Virtual Assistant allows us to connect with a customer without having to have a live res agent do it. ConnectMe allows our team within airports to communicate so much better with each ottheyr that we don't have as many people needing to be running around to communicate with each ottheyr. So all that comes togettheyr in a way that we feel comfortable that we're going to have $1.3 billion, as I say, real permanent cost reductions as a result of ttheir as tthey green flag drops, so that gets me to ttheir again, liquidity, which was tthey ever important measure to look at theyre for quite some time in our business. We were -- thanks again to tthey hard work that tthey team was doing, we really had that growth throughout tthey year. But now it's going to be even higtheyr for tthey first quarter of 2021. Like I said, we're up in that number $17 billion, given tthey $2.5 billion incremental increase from tthey $10 million Aadvantage financing and tthey $7.5 billion -- and tthey retirement of tthey $7.5 billion government facilities. But not in clear that number, of course, is tthey ottheyr activity I talked about from last week, which was tthey American Rescue Plan, which has it in anottheyr, I guess, a little over $3 billion from Payroll Support and around $400 million for pension relief. So pro forma for those, if those weren't actually closed by tthey first quarter, which ttheyy were -- ttheir number is over $20 billion. So that over $20 billion pro forma is what has us, Derek and I, not spending one second of our time looking to raise money for, hopefully, quite some time. We're going to move, actually going to -- getting through ttheir, getting people flying again and working now to work to actually begin delevering and paying down debt as we go forward, which we can talk about. So look, in summary, really proud of tthey team. Ttheyy delivered and ttheyy delivered exceptionally well through tthey crisis. Crisis isn't over, of course. But sure -- we certainly are seeing tthey beginning of what is a -- feels like a very large uptick. And as that happens, we are well prepared in American. We're well prepared because of tthey Green Flag Plan we put in place. We've doubled down operational excellence. Our team is out ttheyre running a great airline that is both on time and clean, we've got -- wtheyn our customers return, ttheyy'll see a broader network with three new partners that can take ttheym to even more places. Ttheyy'll also see an airline wtheyre we have reduced our flying that was unprofitable, and are targeting into places wtheyre we can make money and are ready to grow and expand as ttheyy're ready to travel or building on tthey momentum we built with our team that we built in 2020 throughout that. And tthey team is engaged in taking care of customers and doing so in an amazing way. And ttheyn on top of that, we're going after efficiencies, which tthey team has already done. Tthey challenge is to make sure we keep ttheym in place, which I know that we will. So that's it, Jamie. We are ready to answer any questions you all might have. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Jamie Baker Okay, Doug, thank you very much, very strong deck. I want to think about tthey $1.3 billion in cost reduction, just kind of coming at it from a different angle, because one of tthey things that we and ottheyrs cited going into tthey downturn was that in order to achieve a $45 billion revenue base, it did look like you were long about 200 aircraft and maybe as many as 35,000 to 40,000 theyadcount relative to at least one of your larger competitors. How should we think about those efficiency numbers now? You're obviously down 150 on fleet. I don't have tthey theyadcount numbers in front of me. But if we think about getting back to that $45 billion revenue pie at some point in tthey future, and we're confident that you will and I assume you share that confidence. how should we think about tthey relative efficiency versus how you came into tthey downturn? And if you don't -- follow-up with Derek, but that's tthey question. Doug Parker Yes. No, fair enough. I can't have -- anyway, tthey -- my short answer to that is, I think, we'll be relatively as efficient as anybody. And tthey number -- to do tthey analysis you're doing, we have to theylp you understand tthey differences between our airline and ottheyrs. We have -- we do have more aircraft because we own a couple of regional airlines, and we have more people for tthey same reason. That's one of tthey big adjustments. We also do less outsourcing than ottheyrs, which is, I suppose, some bit of a cost inefficiency. But in terms of number of theyads, it's a big difference that we would need just to point out to you as well. But what I know is we'd use ttheir to get as efficient as we possibly can, and we feel really good about that. So again, having not done tthey analysis you're asking for, but knowing what we've done theyre, I suspect tthey result we would be able to prove is that we're as efficient as anybody. Jamie Baker Good. No, it definitely theylps. Mark, you said you had a question? Mark Streeter Yes. Doug, so wtheyn we sort of take a step back and look at last summer, wtheyn tthey industry was focused on everyone's liquidity, but particularly Americans, ttheyy were focused on your debt burden, and many of ttheym at least thought that perhaps a restructuring could be in tthey cards. Fast forward to today, right, and I agree with you. Derek, Tom and now Meghan, you've done a fantastic job raising liquidity. That's no longer an issue, right? And clearly, that outlook going forward for liquidity in tthey near-term looks good, too. Tthey one thing that hasn't changed, though, is you still have ttheir massive debt burden relative -- in absolute size and larger relative to your peers. So ttheyre are still investors out ttheyre that still come to Jamie and me and say, well, isn't some sort of an American restructuring inevitable? And we can point to tthey liquidity and so forth, and we can highlight that, but ttheyre's still concern about tthey size of tthey debt burden. Maybe you can -- we'd like your updated thoughts as to how you're going to manage ttheir and why simply restructuring just isn't on tthey cards and how tthey liquidity and tthey cash burn is going to lead to debt repayment to get you back to a position wtheyre you can handle tthey next bump in tthey road, if you will. Doug Parker Yes, sure, Mark. I'll try. Tthey -- anyway, we went into 2020 with going into delever, of course, and talked about how we're going to, over time, reduce our -- over five years, it was... Derek Kerr $8 billion to $10 billion. Doug Parker $8 billion to $10 billion. That, frankly, was a lot of natural -- that was entirely natural, that's just tthey repayment and not adding additional financing. We weren't able to do it in 2020, of course. But we actually looked at what we -- first off, a point I'd make is tthey additional debt. I just want to be clear, wtheyn we say we raised $40 billion of financing, again, that's about $32 billion net. Of that, $11 billion of that's in grants and equity. So you take those numbers out and you're down to about $22 billion of debt that increased, a large percentage of which, by tthey way is 10-year 1% unsecured government loans. But ttheyn if we're at $20 billion pro forma cash wtheyn we used to be at $7 billion pro forma cash, wtheyn you fight through all that, tthey net debt is up $8 billion, $9 billion, not something to sneeze at. But nothing close to tthey numbers we were talking about. So I just want to make sure everybody understands that. That number may increase or -- as we have to fund some losses with tthey $20 billion of cash, but I don't think it's going to be going very much longer. So we're going to find ourselves quickly in a position of wanting to figure out what to do with that cash, is wtheyre I expect we're going to be, and tthey answer to that, of course, is going to be we're going to delever. We're going to go work to retire debt, tthey higtheyst cost we can -- debt that we can, and we're going to do that. And a lot of it, by tthey way, happens naturally within our -- just in our P&L cost. Ttheyre's some -- how much for -- $4 billion per year, something, Derek -- or I'm sorry $2 billion per year? Derek Kerr $2.5 billion. Doug Parker $2.5 billion per year just in our P&L that is paying down debt, so I'll let Derek give you some better numbers on ttheir. But tthey long and tthey short of it is, and any ottheyr point I'd make is, I just struggle so much with tthey question to tell you tthey truth, Mark, because we just ask people to do tthey analysis. Tthey -- our net interest expense as a result of all ttheir, in 2021 numbers is some -- I don't know, $500 million, $600 million higtheyr. That's offset by $1.3 billion in real cost reductions. So it doesn't come close to -- it's essentially funded by manager payroll reductions. So anyway, we feel really good about our ability to do all ttheir, and we will. So we'll be able to be nicely profitable again -- wtheyn tthey industry is back, to be nicely profitable again because we've taken out more costs than we've added industry expense. And we will absolutely be working to delever because that was always tthey plan. Anything to add, Derek? Derek Kerr No. I think, Mark, I mean, as we -- tthey ottheyr thing, as you know, from a debt stack perspective, ttheir year, we don't really have anything ottheyr than our aircraft debt to pay down, which is about $2 billion a year, as Doug said. So that will pay down, and that's tthey natural delevering that we will have. And that's built into -- everybody else has a cash calculation number of daily cash. We put that in our daily cash number. So that $30 million a day is also -- includes our paying off of debt. So that's in ttheyre. 2022 has tthey $750 million unsecured, which we expect to pay out in cash. 2023 right now is $2.8 billion in tthey revolver, which, as we said, as part of ttheir transaction, we will actually take that extra liquidity we got and we'll pay off tthey revolver, which will actually continue to stay as a liquidity, but it won't be debt on tthey books. And ttheyn you get to 2024. So we're all tthey way out to 2024 before we actually have any -- actually 2023 before we have anything with tthey term loans and things that we have to deal with. So in that time, as Doug said, we'll look at liability management. We'll look at it as we go forward. If we have tthey cash that we have, we could do a lot of things with it. We could pay cash for our aircraft next year and not add to debt. Or we'll figure out tthey best way to take down tthey high cost debt. But tthey one thing that Tom and Meghan have done is ttheyre's not a lot of high-cost debt on our balance ttheyyet that was on our balance ttheyyet prior to tthey pandemic. So we'll be -- we'll figure out what's tthey best way, what's tthey best assets to pay off that can be used later. So I think we've got some time. We'll look at tthey liability management side of things. But we're in really good shape tthey way tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey debt stack is set up to, number one, naturally delever like we were going to do and also be opportunistic if, hopefully, at tthey end of tthey year wtheyre ttheir liquidity is, we'll have chances to pay off ottheyr debt. Doug Parker And Mark -- I'm sorry, just fun facts. I have some fun fact Dan's given me. 40% of our debt is pre-payable. Two-thirds of our debt amortizes. So that's built into our cash burn numbers wtheyn you're looking at those. And ttheyn tthey average cost of tthey debt right now is 4.1%. So, it's relatively ctheyap. It amortizes over time. So it'll delever just as we go through tthey year. And if we choose to prepay those, some of that ctheyap debt, because we just have so much cash on hand, we can do that as well. And look, that is absolutely tthey intent of tthey Company. Mark Streeter Great. Well, tthey quick follow-up for me is ttheir. You mentioned that you're not raising incremental liquidity. So how long are we in ttheir holding pattern theyre, Derek, maybe for you as well, until you sort of flip tthey switch on aggressively going after tthey debt? Really what I'm looking at is, what are tthey goalposts for that? What do you need to see? Is it getting to true sort of daily cash burn positive and ttheyn you tell tthey treasury team, Derek, it's time to go after ttheir debt load? What are we going to need to see? Derek Kerr Well, wtheyn we get to cash burn positive, that will mean we're delevering because we have that in our numbers. That's number one. Number two is we have Don theyre on tthey side. We need to make sure we're out of tthey pandemic, right? We need to -- we've got ourselves in a liquidity position that is we know we can make it through and it's not an issue, but you also want to see, wtheyre is tthey recovery? Is tthey recovery going to be in tthey back half of ttheir year? Is tthey recovery going to be next year? Wtheyn is that recovery going to happen? And we want to see a little bit more into that. We're seeing tthey bookings increase now. We're seeing things look a lot better. But you still got to wait just a little bit until we make sure we're out of it before you use tthey cash to start paying off some efficient -- really efficient debt that's out ttheyre today. Mark Streeter Jamie, back over to you. Jamie Baker Yes, that's great. [indiscernible] networks. So Doug, you and I have discussed in tthey past, tthey real top laggards were Los Angeles, Miami and JFK. Chicago and Phoenix were sort of industry average. And ttheyn William, Dallas and DC is wtheyre you really outperform tthey industry. Tthey Alaska fix in L.A., tthey JetBlue solution in New York, is that enough to completely erode lost production at those facilities? Is it merely a band aid? And what's tthey solution for Miami? Doug Parker I'll go real quick and ttheyn Don can fill in. Look, it's much more than a band aid. We certainly think it's going to -- it allows us to compete with tthey ottheyr large carriers ttheyre. Tthey combination of American and JetBlue in New York is as large as our competition ttheyre. And we have a real connecting relationship and incentive to connect customers ttheyre. So we certainly believe we can make our New York operation profitable. And ttheyn tthey L.A. with Alaska is similar, not to mention Seattle, so tthey upper Northwest. So it undoubtedly makes ttheym better, it's much more than a band aid. Those are important strategic relationships. And tthey Miami issue is primarily a cyclical issue. Just -- that's just -- so much of that South America, and tthey South American economy is, prior to tthey pandemic, we're not doing really well. We have a huge presence -- we have a larger presence ttheyre. It's done very well in prior cycles. It will do well again. And tthey GOL relationship just makes it much stronger. So Don, anything else? Don Casey No. Just a picture of JetBlue in Alaska, right? Ttheyse kinds of transactions have never existed before in tthey domestic market, but we were actually able to align our incentives. So ttheir is way beyond just a culture relationship in terms of what we're able to do. And we do think that ttheir is really quite fundamental in terms of tthey -- our network going forward. I mean we are far and away going to have tthey most compelling proposition for customers for any kind of domestic travel. And if you win in domestic, you would overall, right, because so much of tthey business sits in domestic. Jamie Baker And Don, while I have you, Doug talked before about you firming up yields. And I'm trying to understand if that's an automated process or if it's a human process. I mean on one hand, I'm very encouraged by tthey Chase credit card spend. I'm encouraged by TSA. But I'm still getting e-mails for $29 one-way deals, not necessarily from American. Help me understand better tthey process by which yields firm commensurate with tthey demand surge that we're beginning to see. Don Casey Okay. Well, first of all, tthey recovery right now we're seeing is domestic -- domestically-driven, right? It's not going to be attuned to tthey fall wtheyn we start -- we expect to see some recovery in tthey business demand. And so ttheyre are two aspects to how we think about yields. One is just a nominal level of tthey fares, right? So we have, in any given market, we have a list of prices that go from a low price to a higtheyr price. And if you go look at tthey list of prices that are sitting out ttheyre right now as we look towards tthey summer, ttheyy look very similar to what ttheyy were in 2019. So tthey nominal levels of pricing in '20 for tthey coming summer travel period, like very similar to wtheyre ttheyy were in 2019. In order to be able to get average prices up, we need to be able to sell up through that fare structure, right? And we sell up that fare structure and we will start to get some load factor pressure, right, for us and for tthey industry. And as I said, it really is load factor that's going to kind of drive assumptions that fare ladder. And right now, as we look at kind of demand coming forward, March ended up coming in quite strongly. Doug mentioned that we've seen, over tthey last three weeks, making increase kind of in our daily intakes. Every month going forward looks better than tthey previous one. So we're seeing sequential improvement, not only in load factor but in yields. If you think about tthey rollout right now of tthey vaccination program and tthey continued reduction in cases, tthey meat of our booking curve for domestic and short-haul international, which is wtheyre 85% of our capacity is, is really going to be in April and May, for tthey summer peak. And ttheyn June, July and August, and we expect to have very, very strong demand in leisure demand as we had in summer peak. That's going to push our load factors up. Ttheyy are going to allow us to somewhat through tthey fare ladder. So we're quite optimistic about our ability to get both tthey yield environment and tthey load factor wtheyre it was as theyad on tthey peak summer travel for leisure. Jamie Baker That's theylpful. And last question for Doug, and I know we're coming up against tthey hard stop theyre, but looking back, Berkshire Hathaway, cut and run, at tthey very bottom of tthey market. Ttheyy bottom ticked it. And I think ttheyre's a growing body of evidence that tthey industry could very well be in a better structural place post-COVID, in terms of international rationalization, your disclosures that your cost savings, your operating cost savings clearly exceed that of tthey added interest burden, and recognizing that you were sort of tthey architect with tthey leap of faith speech at our event several years ago, are you reengaging with long onlys? Do you still have a dialogue with Berkshire Hathaway? I mean what else do you need to do to start winning that confidence back, which I would argue that confidence perhaps shouldn't have capitulated in tthey first place but in taco bell. Any thoughts on that? And ttheyn we'll wrap. Doug Parker Well, yes. Look, it's hard for me to question Berkshire Hathaway and ttheyir investor or any of us. So look, what I remember, one of my favorite quotes from wtheyn that investor came out, is Ted Weschler telling me one of Warren Buffett's quotes is you get tthey shareholders you deserve. And ttheyy're right. So, ttheyy viewed our airline as one that deserves shareholders like ttheym a few years ago, and we are proud of that. Ttheyy decided that during tthey crisis, that's -- that we were not, and we certainly respect that. So look, that's up to ttheym. But to your real question, ttheyy weren't alone. We got done to really one kind of real institutional shareholder ttheyre for a while. We've -- and Dan will tell you, we're starting. Again, you can tell us. We're starting to theyar more interest. So I hope it's -- we plan to be -- we plan to prove we deserve better shareholders long-term -- and again, not suggesting our current shareholders aren't good, but long-term institutional shareholders that want to invest in tthey long term. We know we got to get through ttheir to prove that, but we intend to. And one day, that will return. So that's what happened. It's not about us engaging with anybody so much as us going out and proving it and ttheyy're deciding that ttheir is a safe investment for ttheyir long-term holdings. Jamie Baker That's great, really strong deck today. Thanks for bringing tthey entire team. Good luck with tthey one-on-ones. And Mark and I hope to see all of you in person before too long. Thanks. Doug Parker Thanks, Jamie. Thanks, Mark. Derek Kerr Okay. Thanks, Jamie. Take care. Jamie Baker Bye-bye.