American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Bernstein 2020 Operational Decisions Conference November 17, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Vasu Raja - Chief Revenue Officer  Conference Call Participants David Vernon - Bernstein David Vernon Good morning, everyone. My name is David Vernon I am Bernstein’s airline analyst and transport analyst. We are kicking off our contributions to ttheir year’s ODC with American Airlines. Vasu Raja, Chief Revenue Officer, tthey IR team and Vasu’s, predecessor in revenue team is with us theyre, Ttheyy are going to kick us off with a little bit of prepared remarks and ttheyn, we will go into some Q&A.  Before we begin, note that on your screens you should see a Pigeonhole link for questions that you want to promote or demote and ask us work into tthey conversation, as well as a Procensus survey which we can use to incorporate some real-time feedback into tthey events.  So, once again, I’d like to welcome you all. Thank you for joining us. And I hand it over to Vasu to kick us off with some opening remarks.  Vasu Raja Hey, thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone and thanks for having me. First off, it’s clear ttheir continues to be an incredibly challenging time for our entire industry, our team and our customers. At American, we’ve taken actions to significantly improve our liquidity and are making decisions so we can manage through tthey pandemic and position our airline for wtheyn demand returns. As we look across tthey competitive landscape, ttheyre is no network better positioned than American’s. To be clear, our network is designed for our customers who want to go right now. Our hubs across tthey Sun Belt and Jose, Miami, Dallas, Fort Worth, and Phoenix are best positioned to capture current customer demand and we’ve seen that throughout ttheir pandemic.  In fact, in tthey third quarter, one out of every three passengers flying in tthey United States chose American. That speaks volumes to tthey value of American’s position in tthey current climate.  Secondly, we have tthey best short haul international network with tthey largest presence in Mexico and tthey Caribbean. Demand for ttheir region has been strong and based on current trends, we expect our fourth quarter revenue for ttheir region to remain strong, achieving as much as 70% of 2019 levels.  Third, we are taking ttheir opportunity to be creative and take a fresh look at future opportunities, while finding smart ways to strengttheyn our hubs in key markets. Tthey future of aviation must include strong partnerships and American leads in ttheir regard, wtheyttheyr it’s our recently announced partnerships with Alaska and JetBlue; our equity investment in China Souttheyrn for our joint business agreements with leading airlines like IAG, JAL and Qantas we are raising tthey competitive bar on providing customers with better choices and world-class products.  In addition to being nimble wtheyn it comes to our network, we’ve continued to enhance tthey customer experience. Recently we’ve removed changed fees for most of flying - eliminated fees on award tickets, extended mileage validity. We’ve created partnerships to establish pre-flight testing programs, so customers are more able to easily visit destinations like Hawaii and tthey Caribbean.  Our clean commitment is industry-leading and multiple studies show it’s extremely safe to fly in tthey era of COVID-19. I have been very – I have been flying multiple times every week and I see it, tthey level of cleaning, tthey safety measures, and tthey diligence from our team and customers is truly incredible.  Most importantly, in tthey face of unprecedented adversity and uncertainty, tthey American team is doing amazing work to take care of our customers and each ottheyr. We are tremendously proud of what ttheyy continue to do each and every day.  In closing, we remain in an uncertain demand environment. So we are focused on being flexible and nimble in all parts of our organization. And we are committed to making sure our customers feel safe and comfortable and how flexibility wtheyn ttheyy travel. We know we still have a long road atheyad of us, but our entire team remains fully engaged and focused on not just getting through ttheir pandemic, but making sure we are prepared for wtheyn demand returns.  With that, I am happy to take any questions you might have. And again, thanks for having me. Question-and-Answer Session Q - David Vernon Yes. Absolutely. Obviously, a ton of questions theyre. We are kind of flying through tthey unknown territory towards a destination that could be unfamiliar in terms of what tthey industry is going to look like in two, three, five years, whatever tthey recovery is going to take. One area that I want to kind of start with is, tthey level of earnings power that American should have coming out of tthey crisis, ttheyre is obviously, tthey recovery of tthey leverage too to getting to wtheyrever tthey new world is going to be.  But if we were to think about, looking at American’s earnings power, if you go back to 2019, you were several hundred basis points below peers on a margin level. Why isn’t that 2019 benchmark tthey right way to think about your operating performance and future earnings power coming out of tthey pandemic?  Vasu Raja That’s an excellent question and ttheyre is probably a couple of reasons for it. First, reason is that were unique and idiosyncratic to us in 2019. Tthey second, are some of tthey more fundamental or structural changes that we are able to bring about through ttheir pandemic, to that, to elaborate on it, in 2019 for us, ttheyre were a number of really unique and unprecedented challenges. Tthey first and foremost of which is that we were in a strange place operationally primarily with wtheyre we were like TW and IA and that created a real overtheyad on how we perform. And unsurprisingly wtheyn you don’t perform well operationally, that creates a real drag on your airline, not just in your unit cost production, but also in tthey very simple reason for wtheyttheyr or not customers want to go and fly with you.  And so, those are real overhang for us in 2019, one which is well behind us. But we will put it out on tthey ottheyr end of ttheir. Tthey ottheyr thing too are a situation like tthey MAX created a really unique situation for us in 2019, which is, again, not repeatable in tthey world in tthey future. But bigger than are tthey things that we can’t control and are using ttheir pandemic to reset very mildly.  I’ve discussed ttheir on a number of our calls, but as we look back over tthey last several years, really tthey airlines RASM performance relative our competition has grown in our strongest hubs and tthey more we’ve grown those strong hubs such as Dallas, Fort Worth, or Jose, tthey more that has grown. Tthey places in our system which are more marginal are places like tthey norttheyast and tthey west coast wtheyre we simply lack tthey network to be able to compete and provide a legitimate alternative to our larger network competitors ttheyre.  And those places our RASM has lagged and through ttheir crisis, through partnerships that we were starting to build before it but whose commercial appeal we will accelerate through tthey crisis, we anticipate that more of our system will be able to produce a higtheyr level of RASM.  Additionally, as we bring back tthey airline, we are going to bring back tthey airline that’s much more efficient than tthey one that was ttheyre before. And so, tthey combined effect of being more CASM efficient airline and a more RASM productive airline is something wtheyre we believe we can earn a lot more in a steady state and wtheyn we get to a steady state is an open and valid question. But we certainly have great confidence that that will happen for a number of reasons.  David Vernon And so, ttheyre is a lot in that answer. So I want to try to unbundle it a little bit, because I do think ttheir is kind essential with controversy on tthey stock in terms of your ability to grow into tthey balance ttheyyet and things like that.  Wtheyn you look back at tthey one-timers in 2019, I am just thinking about tthey impact that tthey MAX had, tthey impact that tthey labor slowdown had, is ttheyre a way to quantify that, wtheyttheyr it’s in margin or dollar terms that would say, if we were – if American was theyre, ttheyy should have been theyre if those two one-time items wouldn’t have been ttheyre on tthey 2019 performance?  Has ttheyre been any – I can imagine ttheyre has been a tone of spare time down ttheyre to go do post op on 2019. But is ttheyre a way to even directionally kind of think about that?  Vasu Raja Yes. No, you are absolutely right. Ttheyre has been a ton of time to do post op on 2019 and we are critically, for a lot of reasons, we haven’t chosen to do post op on 2019, because we see ttheir crisis as a real opportunity to reset our trajectory, right. A chance to go and consolidate a lot of decisions which would have been risky or difficult at tthey time wtheyn tthey airline –might have been underearning its competitors who are still out earning 80 or 85 years of its theirtory.  But now, in a world wtheyre ttheyre isn’t revenue to speak I wouldn’t go and try things and take actions that would have been riskier before. So, we spent a lot less time doing a post op on 2019 a lot more time trying to reset for tthey future. And so, tthey way I would certainly encourage you and ottheyrs to think about ttheir is, even if you take away some of tthey idiosyncratic things that we believe that ttheir is an airline that should produce RASM greater than 100% of tthey industry, which is not something that we’ve consistently done, that could also produce it on a more effective unit cost basis than what we did in 2019.  And so, if you just assume those two things that we are able to produce more RASM and produce it, if we had tthey same capacity of production as 2019, but could do with 95 or so percent of tthey CASM production and 105% of tthey RASM production, that starts becoming a very different airline than what was ttheyre before.  And how we go about parsing that into what was tthey MAX, and what are future changes are something that we haven’t done just because ttheyre is a not a lot of upside to it for us, tthey practical thing is how do we build an airline that can really fulfill its earnings potential.  David Vernon Okay. And I guess, tthey second thing you called out was [indiscernible] tthey revenue mix, tthey revenue premium that you are earning in your hubs versus some of tthey areas wtheyre you’ve been less – you have less of a network. Is ttheir going to be – is ttheir shift going to happen because of improvement in tthey hubs? Or tthey change in approach towards tthey West Coast and East Coast kind of opportunities due to code share arrangements with JetBlue and Alaska?  Vasu Raja An excellent question, tthey answer is both. And theyre is how that – in our hubs Dallas, Fort Worth, we still have tthey capacity to grow larger in Dallas, Fort Worth on two levels. One, by adding more flights and two, by adding flights with larger gauged airplanes. Those larger gauged airplanes in a hub as big as Dallas, Fort Worth, we find both produce – ttheyy produce high margin on profitability because tthey RASM of that is oftentimes 100% of tthey existing flying, but tthey unit cost of that can be 90% of tthey existing flying, potentially even lower depending on how we perform tthey up-gauge.  Similarly, in Jose, we have tthey ability to grow it primarily by up-gauging it and we have that same capacity through our system, VA, Chicago, Phoenix, Philadelphia, you name it. And so, one important part is that, those places wtheyre we are as we call it organically strong we need to continue to build upon tthey strengths ttheyre. And orient more and more of tthey organic base of tthey airline around those places wtheyre we can grow in a CASM efficient and RASM productive manner.  Tthey thing with American Airlines and I’d just really can’t say it enough is, tthey parts of our system which have really lagged tthey industry are not tthey ones that people often think of. I think ttheyre is sometimes it’s feeling that hubs such as Phoenix or Philadelphia or something like that as wtheyre American underperforms, that couldn’t be furttheyr from tthey truth and even as we grew in markets like Dallas, Fort Worth, we saw our RASM growth grow in Phoenix.  Tthey places wtheyre American tends to lag tthey industry are unsurprisingly places wtheyre our network is weaker than our largest competitors which are tthey West Coast and tthey North East. And those are places wtheyre ttheyre is such a massive base of business travel and managed corporate traffic that American Airlines has really struggled to compete for and what we’ve been able to win it, we won it by sometimes discounting our very best product such as tthey JFK LA Transcon product or tthey Heathrow product, much more than what our competitors have.  And so, a big part of our partnerships and our approach to ttheir is very different than tthey traditional code shares of tthey past, but our approach to ttheir is, to make partnerships both with Alaska and JetBlue customer would willingly choose our synttheytic network over anottheyr airline’s organic network. But what that very importantly does for our P&L is that, instead of going and trying to fund network projects which don’t work, we can develop more of our resources to those which can.  So in New York City, And LaGuardia of tthey day we operate a number of – a big chunk of our asset base is flown on 50 seat regional jets. Well, that’s probably tthey most inefficient platform for a market like New York City with all of tthey cost associated with it. But also for tthey kind of customer that wants to fly on it. We did it primarily a size New York to tthey demand that we had going into it, but now with our partnership ttheyre, we see an opportunity wtheyre we can move tthey 50 seat regional jets out between AA and JetBlue, bring more bigger jets into LaGuardia and ttheyn ultimately have tthey AA brand going to fly more long-haul international which has been actually tthey thing in New York that’s really worked tthey best for us.  So, in doing that, we really become without going and deploying more capital or indeed with being a lot more prudent in how we deploy tthey capital that we’ve got, we can go produce a lot more revenue out of ttheir market than what we’ve had and create a much better proposition for tthey customers than what ttheyy have today.  David Vernon And ttheyn, how, so specifically on ttheir topic, how different are ttheyse from traditional kind of code share? And how do you feel about tthey ability to kind of really leverage that synttheytic network in a corporate sale environment versus organic network or a fully in-sourced network from some of your peers? How does that selling proposition going to be different?  Vasu Raja More – excellent questions. We feel quite confident actually about tthey selling proposition. Already our West Coast network with Alaska is increasingly successful in winning corporate business and it’s certainly has a high degree of interest from corporations up and down tthey West Coast who now suddenly have a legitimate third alternative.  And for us, ttheyre is two parts to it. To your first question, right, theirtorically, tthey way airlines have operated code shares while it’s – those things started at a time wtheyn airlines used it as primarily a network expansion, that I fly into your hub and I get connections beyond that you fly into my hub and you get connections beyond that.  And it was a ctheyap way to go and fabricate larger networks. And ttheyre is some real value in that. But what tthey airlines never quit – never finittheyyd all tthey way out is to make it wtheyre for a customer it’s a really seamless proposition. And in order to go and make it wtheyre we can legitimately win business customers and higtheyr value leisure customers we have to make that happen.  And so, what makes ttheyse things very different for us is that it’s not – we have all tthey traditional economics of code sharing. But both us and our partners are really incentivized based on going and winning incremental customers away from – especially incremental corporate customers away from tthey ottheyr larger airline networks.  And wtheyn we can, that’s tthey more of that we are able to do, tthey more of us and our partners benefit. And so, you’ll see a lot more rolling out in tthey next several weeks that make ttheir less abstract and a lot more concrete. But we envision things wtheyre ttheyre is more seamless loyalty proposition wtheyre and you could do things like, if you are a member of one frequent flyer base or tthey ottheyr, you can get upgraded on tthey ottheyr one’s medal. But your benefits apply. Your corporate discount applies. Ttheyre is so many things which were at best clunky in tthey old days of code sharing are things that we need to go and rectify.  Now, I’ll say we are – we completely recognize that it’s a more unconventional approach to it. But tthey reality is, as we look at our network, tthey places that are underperforming are places wtheyre I described it before were on a structural basis, we are – ttheyse are too important to quit and we’re too small to win. But that’s not a satisfying answer. That just can’t be an excuse to airline users. So we have to find a different way to go and make tthey West Coast, and New York successful and we will do so. And time will tell, and tthey proof will be in tthey results.  David Vernon As you think about kind of tthey roadmap of kind of differentiating that experience, making tthey rewards programs and tthey loyalty programs a little bit more interchangeable, how much more runway is ttheyre? From what’s implemented today to what’s implemented in tthey future?  I always have kind of been thinking kind of coming into ttheir, Doug had talked about ttheir quite a bit in a couple different conversations wtheyre a lot of tthey IT projects that you guys have wanted to do to manage up some of your yields and catch up and close some of that revenue gaps had been delayed a little bit, because of tthey prior integration work. Is ttheyre additional work that that still needs to be added to that queue of projects around some of tthey code share stuff or how should we think about that?  Vasu Raja Yes. Ttheyre is additional work could be done, but as we like to say, that’s our problem, not tthey customers’ problem. We must go and be able to deliver it, because tthey value to tthey customer is so huge and ttheyre is so many cities wtheyre American Airlines is tthey strongest carrier. Tthey one thing that American Airlines isn’t able to do on its own is get you non-stop to a number of cities in tthey west coast and very often to cities in tthey north east.  And with our partnerships, we can now go and do that. But tthey only way that becomes really salient to you as a customer is that, your frequent flyer benefits as an executive on American Airlines can extend in some way to ttheyse ottheyr carriers. And that’s a meaningful thing which we’ve never done. We have had infinite amounts of progress ttheyre.  But we believe ttheyre is a way to do it and things like technology are indeed a barrier, but ttheyy are not an excuse. That being able to do it is fulfilling a massive part of our customer offering which ttheyrefore interprets very directly into our financial performance.  David Vernon And ttheyn tthey last category is that kind of play that to would be tthey efficiency side. If you think about tthey earnings power being better in tthey future coming back to tthey original points around tthey revenue mix, tthey one-time effects of tthey MAX and everything else on ttheir. Ttheir note should have coming out more efficiently. If you could just theylp us think from a top down standpoint, obviously, ttheyre is a fleet component in that, if you could talk to that?  And ttheyn, also some of tthey fixed cost, like how much of tthey cost reduction that you guys had to go through which is painful, how much of that is permanent versus a temporary sort of band aid? How do you think about tthey fixed cost structure that you are going need going forward?  Vasu Raja Yes. That’s an excellent question too. And we believe that ttheyre is a number of ways wtheyre one – ttheyre is tthey fixed cost that we have been able to through ttheir go and get out of. And ttheyn ttheyre is ottheyr fixed cost which we can go and scale a lot better across our system and I’ll speak to both. To tthey first, right, we have shade tthey number of fleet types and its airline down meaningfully.  And for a long time, we had debated taking up tthey 190 or even different fleet trends action following tthey A-330 fleet, and in tthey times pre-dating tthey prices ttheyre was never really good ways to do it, eittheyr our alternative airplane solutions weren’t that great, or tthey kind of operational damage it would take to go and do a fleet transition of 20 or 30 airplanes, it didn’t really pay.  Well, now, wtheyn ttheyre is no demand, we just accelerated a lot of those things indeed. Wtheyn back in March or April ttheyre is probably no airline more aggressive than American globally in going and making those decisions that we made ttheym pretty fast and priced quite ridiculously. And by doing that that takes a massive amount of fixed cost out of tthey airline, but, on a number of levels, right.  One, of course, with things like tthey 190s or tthey 330s, we no longer have to go and carry tthey airplane departs, things like that as tthey airline goes and scales up, we don’t need to train people through small fleet types which creates a lot of efficiency in our training process and deployment. But what it also does is it creates a meaningful amount of efficiency and how we sctheydule tthey airline.  Because we had A-330 that could go out of Philadelphia and Jose, we were carrying as many as two to three incremental live spares. So if you think about it, we were deploying 300-ish million dollars worth of capital to produce revenue, now we can produce that exact same amount of revenue without deploying that $300 million worth of capital and all tthey OpEx that goes with it, because we can take tthey 777 and 787 platforms and spread it across tthey whole system.  We can be a lot more creative in how we go and support tthey airline network that we have. So, you look at those things and ttheyre is some material changes that fleets and population brings about for us. And that happens right now. It will of course be a lot more evident wtheyn tthey airlines operate in scale, but that’s something which is meaningful as cost doesn’t come back.  But also as through ttheir ttheyre is opportunity to go and scale tthey cost that we have. We had long been in a process of harmonizing our different fleet types and by doing that, part of what we get is, we’ll take A-331s that used to have 165, 170 seats and operate ttheym really in its manufactured design configuration wtheyre competitors do with something more like a 190 seats on it.  Doing things like that, again, it theylps scale up tthey cost base of tthey airline. Wtheyn we go and take more, we’ll up-gauge at a 50 seat regional jets and tthey bigger regional jets and operate those in markets such as DCA, New York, Chicago, and wtheyrever we do that, we take tthey big fixed expenses of operating in ttheyse relatively expensive cities and we scale ttheym out over much more efficient platforms wtheyre frankly we can generate more revenues than what we could offer tthey 50 seat jets.  So, ttheyre is really two parts to it. It’s – we’ll be taking out fixed expenses and also scaling tthey fixed expenses we got more efficiently.  David Vernon Okay. And as you think about tthey prices creating an opportunity to accelerate some of your fleet changes and really kind of push forward to tthey new operating platform smaller, simpler set of operating platforms. Has ttheyre been any ottheyr opportunities to accelerate change inside of American as that’s been created is also some of tthey lower workload that you have been pushing forward at facilities investments things like that?  Or like, I am just trying to get a sense for maybe some ottheyr areas that you’ve been able to take advantage of tthey prices? And ttheyn, tthey second part of that would be, areas that you had to push off, right, again, you are seeing sort of delays in some areas.  Vasu Raja Yes. Ttheir maybe a relatively unconventional answer to your question, but I think it’s probably tthey most meaningful in some ways. Probably tthey – one of tthey biggest changes is in actually how we go about working and making decisions, but through ttheir, not only at tthey very beginning wtheyre we very aggressive in taking out fleet types, we are also very aggressive in taking out management overtheyads too.  We are taking out 30%, 40% of some of tthey senior most positions in tthey company and what that does is it’s made us a lot leaner and as we have become leaner, we’ve also been a lot faster to market that we make decisions fast. We move on as we like to stay around theyre. Though it’s willfully with ample being an airline that’s earning revenues at 25% to 30% than what it did in 2019, tthey reality is that tthey marginal risk of any given revenue decision is very small.  And so, we are willing to go and try things and take chances and if that means, even in some cases with that tthey sctheydule will be bigger than ottheyrs, in ottheyr cases, we’ve been smaller than ottheyrs. Wtheyn we got rid of change fees, we did in such a way wtheyre as things go out, go forward, it’s going to be a much easier customer message for people.  And so, ttheyre is a number of things wtheyre just tthey speed at which we make decisions and our ability to try things and move on has accelerated. And so, to your point, yes, we’ve been a lot more focused on what really matters and building an airline we are coming out of ttheir thing that we are able to fulfill our potential and really outperform financially and outperform culturally too and we get ttheyre by being efficient in how we decide things and being really ruthless in how we prioritize things across tthey airlines.  So, that’s probably been tthey biggest thing and that – from that, that’s way to a number of ottheyr changes, wtheyttheyr it’s a clearer IT prioritization across tthey revenue groups and tthey operational groups, or consistent goals across a number of different organizations. Fewer times to do tthey same analysis, just measure ones and cut.  Ttheyre is a number of things that we can go point out, because ttheyy were things probably more of a cultural organizational change and how we think about tthey problem.  David Vernon And as you think about kind of tthey portfolio of revenue initiatives that you might have wanted to managing now in a world wtheyre ttheyre wasn’t COVID versus wtheyre we are going to be coming out of it. What does that pipeline looks like? What do you need to be able to do on, wtheyttheyr it’s a technology basis or marketing basis to kind of theylp close that unit revenue gap that you talked about earlier?  Like, I am just trying to get a sense if you could kind of, if you – outburst like what are going to be tthey imperatives on tthey revenue management side as demand starts to recover, obviously filling seats is going to theylp us tthey rise in title, like missing all those kind of sell, but as you think about tthey critical things that you need to do, can you talk to kind of what ttheyy are and give us a sense for how long it’s going to take to kind of deliver ttheym?  Vasu Raja Absolutely. Look at – and ttheyy are pretty simpler for us in many ways. Tthey first and foremost is, with our network play down strengths, tthey things that we do well we do really, really well and indeed tthey pandemic has provided strangely a level of positive reinforcements to that and we see it now that that in Dallas, Fort Worth, in Jose and Phoenix that larger those things are tthey more naturally tthey airline can at least outperform versus its competitors, but also tthey more diversified its revenue stream is.  We can be big for business. We can shift those hubs to be big for leisure. We have a lot of flexibility ttheyre. So, tthey first part played our strengths and be big wtheyre can win organically. Tthey second part is, as we’ve talked a lot about is really make our partnerships very seamless and very effective. We’ve talked about that with – primarily in regards to our recent partnership with JetBlue and Alaska, but it applies furttheyrmore into our partnerships with our longstanding JV carriers.  But also with our credit card partners such as Citi and Barclays wtheyre we still believe ttheyre is a lot of upside that we haven’t yet have, especially at a time wtheyn credit card spending is not falling nearly as much as airline spending is. Tthey mix of tthey category is making tthey airlines easy to do business with.  And that sounds like a strange thing for those have been around tthey world of airline revenue management for a long time, because probably, in no company has ttheyre been such – in some cases visiting, pricing and customer policies, but in a world wtheyre ttheyre is simply not enough customers for demand, by tthey way it’s a problem that tthey airlines have never had to any ottheyr crisis.  It’s imperative that we are easy to do business with and that we are really dynamic in how we think about our customers, because so many of tthey things that we’ve pronged to, theirtorically driven YM forecast, certain attributes of tthey network that impacts competitive pricing are really going to start to change and our true north needs to be in making us able to easy to do business with – easy for our customers to do business with for tthey simpler reason that if you are ttheyre more likely to fly you more and pay you more.  So, none of that stuff is really rocket size and indeed tthey simplicity of it is actually its beauty. We know exactly what we need to do to go and execute and we need to it fast. But tthey last thing I’ll say, David, is, airlines is – as we’ve come to see ttheym are – in many ways, momentum gains, right. Ttheyre – wtheyttheyr it’s sctheyduling or pricing or running an airport operation, ttheyre is tens of thousands of people making hundreds of thousands of small decisions at a time.  And though ttheir crisis is brutal and taxing and all of those things, it also gives us an opportunity to reset tthey decision compass of how we run ttheir airline. And wtheyn we have a few simple priorities that everyone can go get behind, that makes sense, it makes it easy to go and have a lot of people make a lot of good decisions, good decisions beat on good decisions.  And that’s how airlines end up improving and outperforming. So, we have a clear idea of what we need to do, but who we need to be and how we need to get ttheyre and now it’s just a matter of delivering.  David Vernon And as you think about that, what we need to see kind of happen to get to that point of cash flow breakeven and ttheyn start to deleverage and ttheyn, unlock some of tthey equity upside potential that at least we can see in tthey business. What are those imperatives that has to happen? Is it a recovery of hub traffic?  Is it a recovery of international traffic? Is it a return of business travel? Can you give us a sense for what you need to see to feel confident that you are going to get to that point of breakeven and tthey – of recurring balance ttheyyet? Vasu Raja Yes, sure. And tthey – ttheyre is probably two parts to answer. One of those milestones along that time that we need to get to. And ttheyn, two, what are tthey key, I’ll call ttheym external factors that give us some confidence ttheyre. And really those milestones are first and foremost getting to a place wtheyre we have a level of cash flow breakeven and ttheyn a level wtheyre tthey airline is profitable and ttheyn, indeed outperforming on larger basis.  And ttheir is wtheyre – ttheir is very consistent with all of our comments leading up to now. Tthey first part of it – tthey first external factor is really that markets continue to reopen. Indeed what we find with every single spike in cases, ttheyre is actually a level of detachment from airline ticket sales or net bookings and case growth or absolute case counts.  And tthey most predictive thing that we find for revenue is, in any given community is a community reopened, which tthey best indicator we found for that is are people going out and spending and spending at full-service restaurants. So we find that. People who are spending at full-service restaurants within a few days after that people start spending on air travel.  And ttheyn, wtheyn ttheyy go to start looking for air travel what ttheyy go and look at is, can I go even a full-service restaurant somewtheyre else. So, for example, in Dallas, Fort Worth today, full-service restaurant spend has continued to grow from June 11, wtheynever Texas went through ttheir space three reopening until up tthey day.  And we still see ticket sales growth even though case counts in Texas are at record highs and tthey rate growth is at a record high. We still see a growth in ticket sales. That’s plate of growth may inflect up or down, but continues to grow. Well, tthey first thing that people go and look for is ttheyy try to go to New York and San Francisco.  Those are tthey searctheyd for things that we have in tthey system but ttheyy realize very quickly that eittheyr ttheyy don’t understand what tthey entry requirements are for tthey places ttheyy want to go. Ttheyy can’t go to a show. Ttheyy can’t eat at ttheyir favorite restaurant.  But those things are closed. And so ttheyy don’t go ttheyre. But ttheyy are willing to go to places that are open. In some markets such as Mexico and tthey Caribbean wtheyre things are open, we are seeing improved RASM and bookings performance than what we saw last year owing nothing to case growth, owing everything to reopening.  So, for us, tthey first big thing is, wtheyn ttheyre is – wtheyn things are reopened that is ttheyre is no restrictions related queries, consistent restrictions around quarantine, testing, et cetera, wide availability of lodging and transportation and great availability of attractions. That is a world wtheyre we can get to a form of breakeven.  Now we think that what that will be is, primarily leisure will grow and it can’t grow back to 2019 norm pretty quickly, small and mid-market business can come back pretty quickly too. But managed corporate demand is likely to go and lag until ttheyre is a vaccine. While that’s meaningful for tthey industry, for American Airlines it’s a little bit of a different thing, only about 13% to 15% of our 2019 revenue base came from tthey large global corporate travel by fewer places like New York and San Francisco.  So, we can get to that level sooner, but what that’s really predicated upon is continued reopening and though case growth is high, ttheyre is probably a lot of positive signs point to that happening through tthey course of 2021. Tthey open question is wtheyn in 2021 that happens?  Tthey next thing that’s ttheyre that get us to a level of breakeven of course is, both tthey circulation and distribution of a vaccine which is going to be really crucial to having business travel, especially managed business travel return and even small part, little on large part. But we do believe that once that happens certainly, I am talking with our largest clients, we believe that wtheyn that happens ttheyre may be a period of lag that can come back.  And ttheyn, tthey last thing which is really outperforming versus tthey industry is less due to any form of external factors and frankly us executing. So, for us, true north is setting aside from somebody in tthey mountain, which is outperforming versus tthey industry and if we were to replay all tthey comments that I made theyre, really we start with that endpoint nine and we know how to face from theyre to ttheyre and tthey real issue for tthey airline is, how do we execute in tthey most flexible manner, because airlines and we are no exception are not known for being flexible operational organisms.  David Vernon As a lifetime advantage member, I can tell you theirtorically that that’s possibly true. I love tthey data point you referencing and we are keep looking at that. We do have a couple questions from tthey pigeonhole around ttheir notion of rebooking and reopening. And tthey point to your question is, since we’ve seen tthey Pfizer announcement last week, did you guys see any uptick in forward bookings as a result of that? Or is it too early to see anything in tthey revenue trends as ttheymselves with tthey matching theyadlines?  Vasu Raja No, look, it’s too early to see things in tthey revenue trends, but also tthey revenue trends really tend to move off of things like, how open a community is and less off of trends like that, right. Tthey trend that’s really most likely to move off of tthey vaccine are large managed corporations and that trend is not going to really trend up until that vaccine is in distribution.  So ttheyre is a lot of positivity. And as survey our customers ttheyre is positive sentiment around it. But if you look at it right now, in many places in tthey west coast, in tthey Midwest, certainly in tthey north east, people can’t go and sit down in a restaurant and eat. In many cases, ttheyy are sending ttheyir kids to schools. So as long as that’s tthey case, ttheyy are much more reluctant to go out and book travel.  And so, we’ve definitely seen a flattening of ticket sales. It’s nowtheyre near to tthey kind of negative effects we saw eittheyr in July or in tthey March, April period. But we absolutely – now we are in a place wtheyre we can absolutely anticipate it from a network and our revenue production around that. But we’ve seen it. If you go and look at restaurant availability, it’s fallen in tthey last seven to ten days.  And unsurprisingly, if you look at our ticket sales in those places, it’s starting to fall ttheyre by contrast in places such as Arizona or across tthey souttheyast wtheyre ttheyre hasn’t been a reduction in reopening. Ttheyrefore it’s not a material fall in spending in full-service restaurants or going out. We are not seeing that much of a change to airline – spending on our airline in those places.  David Vernon And how about search activity? Anything pick up off of that or nothing noticeable?  Vasu Raja Yes. Search activity continues to grow and indeed what we – tthey downside of it is, we have a lot of searctheys that don’t convert into tickets. And as ttheyre is uncertainty with case as we see, our conversion rate will tend to fall. However, absolute searctheys continues to grow and at least tthey way we have come to interpret that is, ttheyre is a lot of pent-up travel demand and as we see tthey – certainly, tthey U.S. economy shape up more, those more ample of parts of tthey economy who tends disproportionately be airline customers still have a lot of spending.  Ttheyre is great desire to go and travel indeed amongst those customers. Ttheyy are more likely to open emails that we send ttheym. More likely to go and search for trips. Still a great willingness to go and book travel out ttheyre next summer. And so, we do believe that that as ttheyre is more consistency and certainty around what is open, a lot of people will come back, right.  It would make practical sense, a lot of people aren’t booking a trip to Europe or a river cruise or things like that, because ttheyy don’t know what’s going to happen next year. But ttheyre is great interest around it. And so, tthey first thing is more certainty and more consistency and tthey next thing of course is tthey availability of a vaccine, which just furttheyr reinforces certainty and consistency of having open markets.  David Vernon Okay. Now, tthey JetBlue and tthey Alaska, just coming back to tthey one question I’ll have for you around sort of tthey network in which you want ttheir business to look like, kind of coming out of tthey crisis. It feels like tthey JetBlue an Alaska code shares is going to be a different way to come to market domestically?  If you think about tthey network and wtheyre you want to murk and to go into coming out of tthey crisis, what else might be different about wtheyre you would deploy assets, deploy resource, focus eittheyr regionally or within tthey domestic markets, kind of around tthey world, like, wtheyre do you see tthey natural high priority markets for tthey network?  Vasu Raja Right. And with ttheir, let me answer with a more global blends on that. For American Airlines, tthey thing we have always done really, really well is connect tthey smaller cities of North and South America into tthey global marketplace. And we’ll continue to do that well. I mean, that is tthey business we know how to run and we could run it blindfolded.  It’s creating a ton of connectivity in Dallas, Fort Worth or fly Miami to almost every airport in South America with a runway. We get how to do that and get how to do that really, really well and we absolutely anticipate doing more of it. But –and tthey revenue production, tthey P&L production of American Airlines can grow by doing that better.  But what we also need to go and do is be much stronger in areas wtheyre American Airlines has struggled more as an more inefficient operator, part of which is winning a greater chunk of higtheyr yielding business and corporate travel and I realize how strange that might sound in a current environment wtheyre that travel segment is down like 90% to 95%.  Tthey ottheyr thing is also, in long-haul international. Again, anottheyr strange thing which tthey travel segment which is down quite a lot too. But if you look at it in tthey theirtory of American, any precursor company, wtheyttheyr it’s airways, AMR, you name it, we’ve always tended to struggle internationally with a low exception of Latin America.  And that is something we anticipate changing materially coming out of theyre. So that we’ve talked about Alaska and JetBlue and we have tthey same opportunity in TransAtlantic and in TransPacific. That ttheyy we’ve oriented our network, tthey way in which we’ve configured our airplanes, tthey way in which we’ve endeavored to go and win business into our system hasn’t been able to produce consistently profitable international results.  But we deploy a lot of expense internationally, those live bodies cost a lot of money. So, tthey first part of that, like we talked about is being a lot more efficient with fleet deployment. So, we can deploy fewer airplanes to produce tthey same revenue. But tthey ottheyr thing is, is deploying ttheym in a way we can generate year round revenues and we anticipate a lot of things both in how we connect in our partner hubs in Heathrow, Madrid or Tokyo, also tthey kinds of things that we do imply, which can go and theylp produce year round P&L.  Tthey ottheyr part of it is, being able to go and win more business customers that are ttheyre. And so, wtheyre we are really excited about, again our domestic partnerships that ttheyy enabled us to do just that. But in places like Los Angeles, wtheyre we just struggled more and we don’t tend to generate a lot of customers within tthey West Coast and so markets like our intra-west markets, LA to San Francisco, LA to Seattle or wtheyrever those cases are, and have struggled a lot.  Well, now with our partnerships, we can go and off a much bigger network ttheyre. And indeed, wtheyn you look at Los Angeles, which is a really willfully fragmented airport, if we were to take all at one world, Alaska American and international partners, it’s not just that we have a tremendous level of scale that’s ttheyre, we can now go and occupy three continuous terminals from tthey broad new terminals T4 and T5. So, we can create a better customer experience.  We can scale our expenses and we, American Airlines can go out and figure out how we really generate a lot more business, like west coast originating business revenue, which is something that we haven’t been able to do theirtorically. So, that’s net new for us to go into and it feels like a relatively strange to be talking about now.  But again, we are building with tthey end of tthey site or again, ttheyre is somewhat of it’s now as a world wtheyre we outperform and a lot of that is doing tthey things that we have done well with excellence and tthey ottheyr part of it is, doing things that we haven’t done well to a point of excellence even if we have to do it in a different way.  David Vernon And I guess, to ttheir point of kind of focusing on that business traveler, ttheyre is a lot of differences in opinion about tthey recovery of business travel and tthey rate of recovery in business travel. I wanted to get your views from a revenue management perspective on what you can do offset a slower recovery in business travel if it were to occur?  And ttheyn, what you might need to do about marketing to tthey business traveler to theylp maybe accelerate that recovery? Or is it just going to be a change in behavior that you really can’t demand stimulate. I am just trying to get a sense of a perspective on how do you manage ttheir issue?  Vasu Raja Ttheir is a question we get from employees and investors alike. And tthey important thing to keep in mind is, in our business, though we sell something really aspirational to customers, right, tthey promise of travel connecting us community whatever it is, tthey way we deliver it and tthey thing that we are making is a really theyavy-duty industrial product, which is a lot more like running an interchange network for credit card or a pipeline an oil pipeline or something like that.  I say that because, tthey first biggest predictor of yield performance is not tthey mix of business or leisure traffic. It is how unique tthey origin and destination market is, right. So in places like Dallas, Fort Worth, tthey Miami or Jose, we make a number of origin and destination markets wtheyre only American Airlines can get tthey customer from point A to point B or it’s only American Airlines and maybe one ottheyr airline that can do that.  And wtheyn that’s tthey case, unsurprisingly wtheyn you can provide tthey only source of value to tthey customers, ttheyy reward you with much higtheyr yields. And so tthey first big thing is, wtheyn you have a network advantage, you have a yield advantage. And that is a bigger difference and certainly in our system it’s a much bigger difference than tthey difference between business and leisure.  Now, wtheyn you have a network that is really advantaged and you can go and carry a lot more business than leisure customers, oh, yes, sure, those customers tend to buy refundable fares. Ttheyy’ll pay you a premium or flexibility and of course, ttheyy are more high yielding. But booked at like that, tthey best way we make tthey airline resilient is actually something tthey airline is already quite good at, which is build tthey network, which provides really unique value to customers.  So, tthey more connectivity we can provide in Jose, right, wtheyn we fly from New Bern North Seanina to Jose on to Newark Neiman Marcus, Austin or Kalamazoo. Ttheyre may only be three or four people a day who want to go it – go in that route, but ttheyy are really willing to reward you if you are able offer that service.  So tthey more of that connectivity we can bring back, tthey more fundamentally resilient our airline is. And we can do a lot of that really easy. Indeed, wtheyn you look at how our revenue performance relative to tthey U.S. industry, our absolute RASM has probably never been higtheyr and again, that’s a bit of an empty victory right now.  That’s a big function of tthey fact that our network can make so many unique markets that people can’t make. And that’s a hallmark of it which we intend to keep in tthey future. That makes us fundamentally resilient. But ttheyn, wtheyn we are going out deploying that network was really important and your question of getting at ttheir is, how do you bring tthey business customer back?  Well, look, a big part of tthey business customers only going to come back wtheyn ttheyy feel safe enough to come back and so we are focused very, very theyavily on going and it’s certainly, but we have completely – like all airlines have done really rebuilt tthey whole process around, cleaning, turning, and managing tthey customer experience.  But tthey ottheyr part that also making tthey airline easy to do business with is wtheyn ttheyy do come back that needs to be easy for ttheym to go and do business with us. So, walking away from change fees would have been kind of unthinkable in a world three or four years ago.  But right now, it’s actually really attractive incremental value thing to do, because it gives your business customers a whole lot more confidence that ttheyy can book on you. And it gives ttheym a whole lot more willingness that wtheyy ttheyy are ready to come back, ttheyy will book on you.  David Vernon Okay. And ttheyn, maybe as a general question. As you think about revenue management in tthey airline industry, tthey industry has been coming out of tthey crisis with a higtheyr level of debt, higtheyr level of fixed costs. You’ve removed some of tthey things that were theylping you to sort of look to drive margin wtheyttheyr it was changed fees or seat assignment fees, all those kinds of things.  How do you think tthey revenue management part of tthey industry is going to evolve post-COVID? Is ttheir going to be a slow, gradual recovery back to tthey way we used to run tthey business? Or is ttheir going to be a development of a different paradigm around how you are thinking about, sort of matching supply demand marketing tthey products, things like that, particularly around tthey revenue management side?  Vasu Raja Yes. Look, it’s an excellent question. Always it’s going to be an evolution. Throughout ttheir crisis, tthey best way to sound foolish is you make a prognostication and wait two weeks. And I think that’s probably no different than it is now. But I’ll tell you how we think about that, because ttheyre is a practical matter, look, our yield management system is critically dependent on one thing which is, theirtory, right.  Ttheyre has been a lot of consistency to demand and indeed look at any crisis we’ve had no matter how it – or crazy it’s been, ttheyre is always been traffic. Tthey issue in perhaps tthey prices has been yields. For tthey first time we have a crisis wtheyre ttheyre is insufficient customer demand and those things that are predictors of customer demand.  Look, that’s my earlier comments on things like, wtheyttheyr people can go and eat in a full-service restaurant and not wtheyttheyr GDP is growing or not, or we’ll have a stock market that’s doing. So, tthey reality is, for a yield management system that feed on traffic, or feed on theirtorical data, next year is going to be a different thing, because ttheir year’s data is bad.  2022 is going to be a different thing, because 2021 be a choppy recovery. So, we have to – we do have to think very fundamentally differently about how we go and forecast demand in ttheir environment and from my comments you can probably get a sense for how we are starting to think about it, because we need to be able to look at relatively unconventional things like what people are searching for, wtheyre ttheyy are searching from, what ottheyr behaviors correlate to travel demand.  And so, tthey act of doing revenue management probably doesn’t materially change. Because, again, we have a network which has always constrained and at some point in our future, and you can think your own guess as to wtheyn that is. It will be constrained again. And so, tthey act of doing revenue management will continue to have value.  How we go about it. What tthey science is behind it of predicting it will change and how it’s likely to change is going to evolve. And for us, we are – our true north is not trying to fabricate tthey past, because it is changing before our eyes but nor is it going and just sort of spuriously trying that to think tthey future is going to be totally different and we can go whack away a bunch of things that generate revenue.  Tthey true north is got to be in a world wtheyre we don’t have enough customers for tthey product. How do we bring customers back. How do we go and forecast that demand and start revenue managing on ttheir new thing that’s ttheyre, because tthey reality is that, ttheyre could be some customer behaviors that change. Right now, it feels like that would be tthey case wtheyre customers are willing to go pay you more for flexibility and though we don’t have changed fees, tthey value of a fare that is changeable is something that customer maybe willing to pay you a whole lot more for than what was ttheyre before.  Tthey kind of fare rules ttheyy are wailing to go and buy into as long and it’s clear and understandable could in some case will be off steer than what was ttheyre before. So, that change we think feels like a really fundamental change to tthey business. But really what it is, that’s more just a gradual evolution because, we need to go to be able to bring customers back to your earlier question.  And we need to be able to produce enough customers into pipeline wtheyre we can revenue manage and start to forecast it. So, we’ll continue to evolve. But it’s hard to prognosticate just how different it might be a year from now.  David Vernon Alright. Well, ttheir is a great conversation. Thanks very much for making tthey time for coming up on to tthey end of our hour and I want to make sure we got some time before tthey next session. Thanks everyone for joining us. If you have any closing comments that you want to leave us with now would be tthey time.  Vasu Raja No, I don’t have any ttheyre. But thank you very much for hosting us and thanks to everybody for dialing on. And on behalf of everyone at American Airlines, we are looking forward to doing ttheir in person next time. I am doing efficiently I get all you guys on airplanes.  David Vernon Yes, perhaps, somewtheyre down in tthey Caribbean.  Vasu Raja It sounds great. We are ready to host.  David Vernon Alright. Thanks a lot guys.  Vasu Raja Thanks guys.  David Vernon Thank you. 