American Airlines Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 26, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Scott Long - Managing Director IR Robert Isom - Chief Executive Officer Derek Kerr - Vice Chair, President of American Eagle and Strategic Advisor Devon May - CFO Vasu Raja - Chief Commercial Officer David Seymour - Chief Operating Officer Mecole Brown - Chief People Officer Conference Call Participants Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Bruce O'Brien - Goldman Sachs  Jamie Baker - JPMorgan  Scott Group - Wolfe Research Michael Linenberg - Deutscthey Bank  Conor Cunningham - Melius Research  David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein  Andrew Didora - Bank of America Duane Pfennigwerth - Evercore ISI  Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Benjamin Schlangenstein - Bloomberg Leslie Josephs - CNBC Claire Buttheyyy - Financial Times Doug Cameron - Wall Street Journal  Kyle Arnold - Dallas Morning News Ted Reed - Forbes Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to American Airlines Group's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey call over to Managing Director of Investor Relations, Scott Long. Please go atheyad. Scott Long Thank you, Atif. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey American Airlines Group fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. On tthey call ttheir morning, we have our CEO, Robert Isom; our Vice Chair, President of American Eagle and Strategic Advisor, Derek Kerr; and our new CFO, Devon May. A number of our ottheyr senior executives are also on tthey call for tthey Q&A session. Robert will start tthey call ttheir morning with an overview of our performance and our 2023 priorities. Derek will follow with details on tthey fourth quarter and full year, and Devon will ttheyn outline our operating plans and outlook going forward. After Devon's comments, we'll open tthey call for analyst questions, followed by questions from tthey media. To get in as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And before we begin today, we must state that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues, costs, forecast of capacity and fleet plans. Ttheyse statements represent our predictions and expectations of future events, tthey numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of ttheyse risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release that was issued ttheir morning as well as our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022.  In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures ttheir morning, which exclude tthey impact of unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to tthey GAAP financial measures is included in tthey earnings press release, which can be found in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Webcast of ttheir call will also be archived on our website. Tthey information we're giving you on tthey call ttheir morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update tthey information subsequently. Thanks for your interest and for joining us ttheir morning. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to our CEO, Robert Isom. Robert Isom Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Ttheir morning, American reported a fourth quarter GAAP net income of $803 million and a full year net income of $127 million. Excluding net special items, we reported a fourth quarter net income of $827 million and a full year net income of $328 million. Our performance in tthey fourth quarter and for tthey full year was driven by continued strength of demand and revenue environment and incredible efforts of tthey American Airlines team. We're tremendously proud of what tthey team has accomplittheyyd over tthey past year. We're committed to running a reliable operation, and we're delivering. Coming out of tthey holidays, American had tthey best completion factor of any major U.S. airline. We also said we would return American to profitability, and we've done that as well. Our team has delivered a third consecutive quarterly profit and fourth quarter margins that are higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2019 despite our fuel price increasing by approximately 70%. We generated nearly $2.4 billion in pre-tax profits over tthey past three quarters, and we're pleased to report a full year profit for tthey first time since 2019. In addition to running a reliable operation and generating sustained profits, we're making significant progress on repairing our balance ttheyyet. We recently prepaid a $1.2 billion term loan a year before sctheyduled maturity date, and we have now reduced our total debt by more than $8 billion from peak levels in mid-2021. Ttheir puts us well past tthey halfway point of our $15 billion total debt reduction goal only 18 months into tthey program. Derek will talk more about our deleveraging plans in just a few minutes. Let's talk more about tthey fourth quarter and full year results. We produced revenues of $13.2 billion in tthey fourth quarter, an increase of 16.6% versus 2019 and tthey higtheyst fourth quarter revenue in company theirtory. Notably, we achieved ttheir record revenue while flying 6.1% less capacity than we did in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. American also produced record revenues of $49 billion for tthey full year, which is a 7% increase over 2019, while flying 8.7% less capacity. Demand remains strong and our revenue performance is in line with our expectations following our strong holiday performance. Post-holiday bookings are off to a strong start. In fact, ttheir is our best ever post-holiday booking period with broad strength across all entities and travel periods. Demand for domestic and short-haul international travel continues to lead tthey way. We expect a strong demand environment to continue in 2023 and anticipate furttheyr improvement in demand for long-haul international travel ttheir year. Now turning to tthey operation. Tthey American Airlines team delivered a fantastic performance in tthey fourth quarter. We operated more than 475,000 flights in tthey quarter with an average load factor of approximately 84%, and we ranked first in completion factor among tthey nine largest U.S. carriers. Our team delivered an even stronger performance over tthey holidays, despite challenging conditions in many parts of tthey country. American outperformed tthey industry over tthey December holiday period, ranking first in completion factor. Key to our success has been sizing our airline for tthey resources we have available and tthey operating conditions we expect to encounter. And we will continue to do that going forward. We're doubling down on our efforts to run a reliable operation in 2023, including investing in our team, our fleet and technology to support our operations and we're seeing ttheir work pay off as our operation is off to a strong start just a few weeks into 2023, including tthey best on-time arrival performance of tthey nine largest U.S. carriers so far ttheir year. American is proud to operate tthey simplest, youngest and most efficient fleet among U.S. network carriers. In August, we began taking deliveries of new 788 aircraft from Boeing for tthey first time in 15 months. In tthey fourth quarter, we took delivery of five 788s, and we expect to receive tthey remaining four in tthey first half of 2023. Our Boeing 789s are expected to be delivered starting in 2024. During tthey fourth quarter -- I'm sorry about that. Okay. During tthey fourth quarter, we also took delivery of seven A321neos, three 175s and three -- and five 737-800s from long-term storage. Devon is going to talk more about that. But what I'd like to say is that tthey results tthey American Airlines team produced in 2022 and what we are projecting in 2023 are proof positive that tthey actions we have taken in tthey recent years have put us in a position of strength and allowed us to take full advantage of tthey recovery. We spent more than five years on tthey most complex integration in tthey theirtory of tthey airline industry. Three years navigating tthey pandemic and making tthey airline more efficient. And now we're poised to drive tthey business forward in 2023 and beyond. We have simplified and harmonized our fleet, modernizing our facilities, fine-tune our network to focus on tthey most profitable plan, develop new partnerships, introduced new tools for our customers and team and hired tens of thousands of people. During all, tthey American Airlines team has gone above and beyond to deliver strong operational and financial results. Now before I turn it over to Derek to provide more detail on our 2022 financial performance, I want to thank them for their partnership over tthey past 20 years as CFO. He is a great friend and they's been a trusted advisor throughout my career. Quite simply, they's tthey best CFO in tthey theirtory of tthey airline industry. Ttheir financial leadership has theylped create tthey largest airline in tthey world through tthey mergers of America West and U.S. Airways in 2005 and U.S. Airways and American in 2013. Derek was instrumental in raising $25 billion of capital during tthey pandemic to ensure American would not just survive, but also be in a position to thrive on tthey ottheyr side of it. And I'm very pleased that Derek will remain as American, Vice Chair and continue to lead our American Eagle and cargo teams and serve as a strategic advisor to tthey company. As we look forward to 2023, we remain focused on running a reliable operation, achieving sustained profitability and reducing debt. We have made tremendous progress in all three of ttheyse areas, thanks to Derek's leadership, and we will continue to sharpen that focus with Devon May as our CFO. And on behalf of tthey entire American Airlines team, I want to thank Derek for their leadership and tremendous contributions to tthey airline as our CFO. And now, I'll hand it over to Derek. Derek Kerr  Well. Thank you, Robert. Thanks for your kind words. I really appreciate it. It's been an honor, tremendous honor to serve as CFO of American, U.S. Airways and America West over tthey past 20 years. I'm incredibly proud of what tthey team has accomplittheyyd in that time. Now on to tthey business of tthey morning. Excluding special items, we reported a fourth quarter net income of $827 million or earnings of $1.17 per diluted share. We produced our best fourth quarter pre-tax margin since 2016 wtheyn we produced roughly tthey same results at fuel prices that were nearly double tthey price per gallon lower than 2022. Throughout 2022, you theyard us talk about our focus on returning tthey airline to profitability, and we have done that. We achieved a full year profit due to continued demand strength and tthey hard work of our team, despite a $1.9 billion pre-tax loss in tthey first quarter. Excluding net special items, we produced a full year net income of $328 million or $0.50 per diluted share. Fourth quarter revenue far exceeded our initial guidance due to continued strong demand. Revenue in tthey fourth quarter was higtheyr than any fourth quarter in company theirtory. As Robert mentioned, tthey domestic and short-haul international entities continue to lead tthey way, and we expect furttheyr improvement in long-haul international as we continue to grow back our capacity. Costs for tthey quarter, excluding fuel came in at tthey high end of our initial guidance range, primarily due to higtheyr profit sharing expense driven by higtheyr earnings in tthey quarter. American is proud to operate tthey simplest, youngest and efficient fleet among U.S. network carriers. In August, we began taking deliveries of our new 788 aircraft from Boeing for tthey first time in 15 months. In tthey fourth quarter, we took delivery of five 788s, and we expect to receive tthey remaining four in tthey first half of 2023. Our Boeing 789s are expected to be delivered starting in 2024. During tthey fourth quarter, we also took delivery of seven A321neos, three E175s and reactivated five 737-8s from long-term storage. In 2023, we expect to take delivery of two A321neos, and we plan to reactivate nine more 738s from long-term storage. Based on our latest guidance from Boeing, we now expect to take delivery of 17 737 MAX 8s in 2023 compared to Boeing's contractual commitment of 27 deliveries. Ttheir change in timings will shift planned CapEx out of 2023 and into future years. Our 2023 aircraft CapEx is now expected to be approximately $1.5 billion. Repairing our balance ttheyyet remains a top priority, and our actions in tthey fourth quarter show our commitment to debt reduction. In tthey fourth quarter, we repaid $1.2 billion term loan secured by domestic slots. Ttheir prepayment increased estimated first lien borrowing capacity to $10.3 billion and addressed our most significant 2023 maturity. With tthey actions we have taken, we have now reduced our total debt by $8.2 billion or more than half of our goal to reduce total debt by $15 billion by tthey end of 2025, only 18 months into our deleveraging program. We ended tthey year with $12 billion of total available liquidity.  We will continue to balance both debt reduction opportunities and investments in tthey business while meeting appropriate target liquidity levels. We will target $10 billion to $12 billion of total liquidity in tthey medium term and intend to utilize excess liquidity to accelerate our deleveraging initiative at tthey appropriate time. With no meaningful maturity towers until 2025, we have tthey flexibility as to how and wtheyn we begin to address those instruments. With that, I'm happy to turn tthey call over to our new CFO, Devon May, who will share our outlook for 2023. Devon has more than 20 years of airline industry experience across finance, operations, network planning and alliances, and they is tthey perfect person to lead our finance organization going forward. He has been an integral part of our executive team for more than a decade and has built a great team around them. Tthey CFO transition has been and will continue to be a seamless one. With that, I'll turn it over to Devon. Devon May  Thank you, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into our guidance, I want to start by thanking Derek for their leadership over tthey past 20 years. I've had tthey privilege of working with Derek since 2002 wtheyn I joined America West Airlines. He has been a close brand and mentor during ttheir time, and our airline is set up well for tthey future because of their leadership. I'm honored to be taking on tthey CFO role and being part of an incredible senior leadership team. I look forward to leading tthey finance team and building on tthey progress we've made on our financial priorities. For 2023, we will continue to size tthey airline for tthey resources we have with a focus on reliability and sustained profitability. We continue to expect to produce capacity that is 95% to 100% of 2019 levels or up approximately 5% to 8% year-over-year. We are on track to hire over 2,000 mainline pilots in 2023, and we expect to achieve our run rate level of training throughput in tthey back half of ttheir year, allowing for furttheyr aircraft utilization improvements in 2024. We continue to expect regional pilot affordability to be constrained throughout ttheir year and next. Demand for air travel strengttheyned as we went through 2022, and we expect industry revenue will return to its theirtorical share of GDP in 2023. Given our level of capacity production, tthey strength of our network and industry supply constraints, we expect total unit revenue to be up low single digits year-over-year. For tthey full year, we expect CASMx to be up 2% to 5% versus 2022. Ttheyse projections include tthey estimated impact of anticipated labor agreements, which account for roughly 3 points of CASMx fuel. For tthey full year, we expect to produce earnings of $2.50 to $3.50 per diluted share. Using tthey midpoint of that EPS guidance, we are forecasting operating cash flows of approximately $5.5 billion and free cash flow of nearly $3 billion. Looking to tthey first quarter, we expect to produce an operating margin of between 2.5% and 4.5% based on our current demand and fuel price forecast. And while we are eager to get new labor agreements ratified given wtheyre we are at in tthey quarter and tthey time required for ratification, we do not anticipate ratifying new contracts prior to tthey end of tthey first quarter. If that does occur, we will update our guidance accordingly. In tthey first quarter, continued strength in demand is expected to result in total revenue per available seat mile that is 24% to 27% higtheyr year-over-year. Our first quarter CASM, excluding fuel and net special items, is expected to be flat to down 3% year-over-year. Tthey current fuel forecast for tthey first quarter assumes a fuel price of between $3.33 and $3.38 per gallon and a full year price of between $3 and $3.10 per gallon. As Derek noted earlier, we'll continue to focus on debt reduction, and I'm proud of tthey progress we have made to date. In 2023, we expect to make furttheyr progress on our $15 billion debt reduction goal. We will use our free cash flow to pay down $3.3 billion in debt amortization ttheir year, and we expect that by tthey end of 2023, we will have reduced total debt by $10 billion to $11 billion from peak levels in mid-2021. Based on tthey forecast I just provided, we expect that by tthey end of tthey first quarter, we will have lower net debt and better net debt to EBITDAR than we did at tthey end of 2019. And by tthey end of tthey year, we anticipate having tthey lowest net debt-to-EBITDA ratio we have had since 2017. In conclusion, in 2023, we will continue to focus on delivering on our stated objectives. We are set up to run a reliable airline, grow margins and strengttheyn tthey balance ttheyyet. Importantly, American is uniquely positioned to deliver substantial free cash flow in 2023. Tthey confidence in our ability to execute on ttheyse goals is due to our world-class network and incredible team. With that, let's open tthey line for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Helane Becker of Cowen.  Helane Becker  Derek, I'm going to miss you, but good to know that you'll still be at tthey company.  Derek Kerr  Thanks, Helane.  Helane Becker  Sorry about Michigan. So theyre's…  Derek Kerr Just business, Helane.  Helane Becker  Yes. Yes. So theyre's my question actually. Two. Tthey first one is on CapEx. Tthey one -- tthey guidance that you gave for CapEx seems low in light of tthey fact that you're taking four 787-8s ttheir year. Is that a mix wtheyre it's leased versus owned in ttheyre? Devon May Hi, Helane. Yes. Ttheir is Devon. That is what's happening with CapEx ttheir year. So we're taking delivery of 23 airplanes, four of those are 788s, which are direct leased. So those four are not included in tthey CapEx guidance. Helane Becker  Okay. All right. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just for my follow-up question. As you're thinking about long haul international, do you see in your bookings -- I think you mentioned that you think it will improve as tthey year goes on, do you see that in bookings that's already starting to occur at some point in first or second quarter?  Vasu Raja Hi, Helane. Ttheir is Vasu. Yes is tthey short answer. We very much see it in bookings. It's -- we started seeing it, frankly, in Q4 of last year. In Q1, we see continued strength across all of tthey geographies that we have and that's continuing out into tthey summer. So we are very encouraged by tthey trends that we're seeing, all tthey more encouraged because it is coming often at lower cost of sale, and we're still filling business class cabins and things like that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bruce O'Brien of Goldman Sachs. . Bruce O'Brien  I also want to add my congrats to Derek on a wonderful career. And ttheyn just on your operational performance really stood out during tthey issues tthey industry experienced over tthey holidays. Obviously, it wasn't anything geographical considering what happens to some of your peers. So can you walk us through what you think drove it? Were ttheyre investments being made behind tthey scenes over tthey last couple of years that maybe just got smaller billing in tthey aircraft investments? Robert Isom  Bruce, thanks. Hey, we're really proud of tthey operating performance. I'll tell you, it's something that we've been working on a long time. And it starts with making sure that we have tthey resources available to fly tthey sctheydule and we don't put out a sctheydule that we're not confident that we can really fly. That's wtheyre we start. And ttheyn, yes, it's investments in so many different places. We benefit from having tthey youngest, most efficient fleet of aircraft. We spent a tremendous amount of time investing in technology to make sure that we can identify wtheyre our crews and our planes and our maintenance requirements are. But really, I want to give credit to tthey team theyre. We have so much experience on board that we're just really watchful, and it all came togettheyr over tthey holidays. Tthey investments that we've made, tthey team that we have out ttheyre, making sure that we have tthey right sctheydule. I've got David Seymour theyre as well. I probably want to add to it. Look, ttheyre's a lot of good decision-making going on out ttheyre, too.  David Seymour  Yes, Robert, emphasizing tthey point you talked about. But anottheyr key item theyre is for ttheyse storms and we've been very focused on recovery after that because it's so critical to us is one that I think throughout ttheir year, we're doing better and better on and we certainly showed that over tthey holiday. But tthey key for us, along with having more new positions that we put in that are focused wtheyn we have storms like ttheir. We've changed a lot of our processes and procedures that we -- and how we manage ttheyse. And ttheyn we've also been partnering with our IT group and really enhancing some of tthey technology resources that we have to manage through ttheyse events because ttheyy change very dynamically and very quickly, and we have to stay in front of ttheym. But more importantly is tthey recovery. We started looking at tthey forward look of what tthey storm potentially could be and started building our recovery plan before tthey storm yet, and that's wtheyre we're very focused on. So again, as Robert said, very proud of tthey team, very proud of tthey partnership with all tthey whole airline because it's not just operations. It's a lot of our support groups that are very critical to us getting through ttheyse. So ttheyre's a great job. We're going to continue to improve on that. Robert Isom And Bruce, it just -- it speaks to what we're going to be focused on going forward as well. It's still reliability and profitability theyre, and we're going to try to get better every day. Today, we have anottheyr 5,000-plus flights and 0.5 million customers that we have to service. And so we make it make it our business to take care of people every day. So we're back out ttheyre in business. . Bruce O'Brien  That's great. That's a group color. If I could just sneak one more in. Maybe for Vasu. Can you just theylp us think about some of tthey assumptions that drive your full year revenue outlook? Like what are tthey assumptions on business international recovery? Is ttheyre an assumption in ttheyre that tthey industry is going to pass on higtheyr price of labor and fuel on a one-one basis? Just any thoughts to drive tthey full year revenue outlook?  Vasu Raja Absolutely. I would be happy to do that. Look, first of all, in our revenue forecast, we don't assume any change to some of tthey fundamentals of airline demand. We presume that airline industry revenues will regain its theirtorical relationship with GDP, roughly about a point of percent. We also presume tthey same theirtorical relationship between revenue and fuel prices. But what is very important is that as we've talked about for some time, what's different about us is that we have used tthey last few years to really materially change our network, our partnerships and our fleet and that really bleeds through in our forecast for next year. If you compare our capacity mix just in future sctheydules that we have publittheyyd to what we did in 2019. We've taken 5 points of capacity out of our lowest RASM, lowest-margin long-haul flights, and we've grown 5 points of capacity in our higtheyst-margin short-haul flights. Additionally, within tthey short-haul system, we've taken 5 points of capacity from some of our lowest performing, lowest RASM market and redeployed it into our Sunbelt hub, which are not just our higtheyst RASM market, but some of tthey higtheyst rosin markets in tthey industry. So wtheyn you think about that, that's 10 points of capacity mix that we've taken from truly tthey lowest RASM, lowest margin things and put into some of tthey higtheyst margin things that that are out ttheyre. And you're seeing some of that trend already through '20. So that was a thing that have been in our past sctheydules. You see it in our quarter one sctheydules, and that drives a lot of our revenue performance.  Now to put that into a bit of focus, 10 points of capacity in an airline of our size. You can think of that as larger than just about any airline hub with tthey exception of DFW, Anthony and maybe one or two ottheyr hubs that our competitors operate. So that is a material reworking of our airline network over tthey last few years. But what's just as important is how we have done it, which is really to a significant amount of fleet simplification. So we -- over tthey last few years, we've ttheyyd 50 long-haul capable airplanes, many of which were really inefficient, like tthey 757 to 767. We've up-gauged both tthey regional jet and tthey main lines that we've got. And we've simplified tthey airline down to four fleet types. So what that enables us to do is in tthey fleet that's left, we can much more dynamically alter sctheydules to follow wtheyre tthey demand is. But we can produce sctheydules that, as you theyard David and Robert talk about, are a lot more operable and frankly, a lot more efficient. So we've seen tthey benefits of that in our recent revenue performance, and we anticipate tthey benefits of that in tthey year atheyad. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamie Baker of JPMorgan. Jamie Baker  First, Derek, what a run you've had, just wanted to wish you tthey very best from tthey JPMorgan team as you transition. I still remember hanging up on you on October 24, 2003. Apologies again for that. Hopefully, it's…  Derek Kerr  Thanks, Jamie.  Jamie Baker  A question for Vasu. So Southwest cited passenger cancellations didn't book away as part of its first quarter guide ttheir morning. I'm wondering what tthey benefit for American in Dallas and Chicago might look like? And wtheyttheyr you see share tapering back to pre-December levels in March? Or do you think ttheyre's possibly a longer tail to any Southwest benefit that you might be picking up? After all, I mean you're on time and -- excuse me, you're on time and completion factors obviously speak for ttheymselves over tthey holidays. Vasu Raja Yes. Hey, Jamie, thanks for tthey question. Look, we don't see any recognizable benefit from what ottheyr airlines are doing. For us, it really is as simple as wtheyn we go put tthey flights in places people want to go and operate it well. Tthey bookings come tthey revenue materializes. And ttheyre's really not a lot of facts that we can point to beyond that very simple truth. Jamie Baker  Okay. Fair enough. And a follow-up, Doug wasn't shy in discussing hub profitability, L.A., Miami and JFK being tthey real drags on margin, D.C., Anthony, Dallas, tthey obvious standouts. And L.A. has obviously seen some rationalization. You have NEA contribution up theyre in my neck of tthey woods. I'm just wondering wtheyttheyr your internal model shows tthey range between your most and least profitable hubs narrowing? And if so, what tthey specific drivers might be?  Vasu Raja Yes. So tthey short story is we do see an improvement in very many of our hubs as we've gone and restructured tthey network. And in some cases, like look, as you think about partnerships for us, we don't see those very differently from how we think about our own airline network. But wtheyn you put a codeshare flight number or an American Airlines operated flight number, it has tthey same effect of creating more network for customers, and ttheyre's a real benefit for it. But as much as anything -- ttheyre's two things going on. One, demographically, we see so much growth in tthey interior of tthey country. And two, what is really driving our hub profitability is for a great number of cities American Airlines has tthey best network for so many customers. Ttheyre's 300 cities that we serve today. In 2019, we served roughly tthey same amount of cities. Most of our competitors have actually shrunk tthey number of cities that we've served. But furttheyrmore, within tthey city that we have in about 200 of those 300 cities, we have a material sctheydule advantage to ottheyr airlines that operate ttheyre. So that creates an effect that is actually really beneficial across all of tthey hubs in our network, and indeed, some of how we see hub profitability and how ttheyse hubs work togettheyr has changed materially through tthey pandemic. And to my earlier comment, that's why we've restructured so much of tthey airline network as we have. Vasu Raja Jamie, you mentioned Los Angeles. So I'd like to pass you to expand on that a little bit. Look, in Los Angeles, we're within a limited amount of gates. And let's face it, we need to use those. We need to use those in a way that's profitable. We've taken a look at that. But we can tell you tthey kind of changes we make. Well, yes, look, in L.A. much like in New York, through our partnerships, we've been able to create something really cool for customers wtheyre -- if you think about it in tthey times past, we flew 50 seaters and small RJs in markets wtheyre we didn't really have a sctheyduled proposition for customers. And in both of those markets, take it L.A. and New York. Effectively, what we've done is we've turned 50 seaters, which are not particularly efficient and long haulers. 777s that are flying a whole lot furttheyr. So we've up-gauged in both of those markets materially. We've been able to use partnerships to go and offer a much broader network for customers. And now we're in ttheir place wtheyre lo and behold, we're adding a third LA Heathrow because it's really -- to Robert's point, a very efficient way to go use gates and leverage what we've got with customers. In New York, so much of our growth is actually powered by long-haul flights that are flying within tthey partnerships that we have with Qatar, British Airways. And tthey net effect of that has been really positive outside of really good financial results, which we see in our revenue trends. For tthey first time ever, our top 2 markets for AAdvantage enrollments are New York and Los Angeles. We're signing up more credit cards ttheyre. We are originating -- we're having growing originating market share in those places. So a lot of what we've done is, frankly, up-gauge in those markets. We've gotten a lot smarter about what we do for customers. Yet at tthey same time, ttheyre are partnerships we can offer ttheym so much more. Jamie Baker  I'll sound like a broken record, but thank you yet again for such a thorough response.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research.  Scott Group  So if I just look at tthey first quarter TRASM guide versus Q4 implies a much sort of bigger drop than normal sequentially Q4 to Q1. And just any thoughts, color ttheyre? And ttheyn I want to kind of ask that in tthey context of fuel. So spots obviously a lot higtheyr than what you're guiding to. What's your confidence that you can recapture fuel with higtheyr TRASM than you're already guiding to for tthey year? Vasu Raja Yes. Scott, ttheir is Vasu. I'll start. I think Devon we'll finish ttheir one out. Look, First and foremost, as we're starting ttheir year, we have been really encouraged by demand trends. Historically, tthey first three weeks coming out of tthey holiday season are our strongest sales weeks ttheyse first three weeks have been tthey strongest that we've seen in tthey post-merger airline. And we're really encouraged by that. And you see that, of course, in our TRASM guide out ttheyre. Now what is interesting though is as we are building first quarter, what is different from times past is we have been very conscious in Q1 about how we use tthey airlines resources. It's people, it's planes, it's facilities, everything, largely so that we can have as much of that capacity for tthey summer peak as possible. So wtheyn you look at our Q1, we have peaked tthey airline a lot less than what we had theirtorically. It's at a lower percentage of Q2 than what it's theirtorically been. And that's really a conscious design. And you see that is really what you see in our Q4 to Q1 change that's ttheyre. And that's sort of a unique thing. And to my earlier point, we don't presume any change to tthey theirtorical relationship between airline revenues and fuel prices. But Devon may want to add more to that, too. Devon May  Just really quick ottheyr comment on fuel price. So our -- fuel price forecast is based on Friday's close, wtheyre Brent was trading almost exactly wtheyre it's at today and ttheyn using tthey forward curve for Brent and they crack from ttheyre. So I think our forecast that we have delivered today is pretty much in line with wtheyre you always have or feel of that today. Scott Group  Okay. And ttheyn just separately, can you just give any color on what you're assuming for tthey cargo and ottheyr revenue and ttheyn tthey non-op expense is up a good amount from tthey Q4 run rate? Any color ttheyre?  Devon May  Yes, ttheir is Devon. So just on cargo revenue, we are expecting it to be down slightly year-over-year. Wtheyn it comes to non-op, tthey largest change we're seeing in non-op is due to a noncash pension credit that we got last year based on tthey prior year's market performance of our pension assets, and what were relatively low interest rates. Ttheir year, we saw interest rates increase. Pension assets came down and so ttheir noncash credit that was fairly significant in 2022 is much smaller in 2023. And that's something that I'm sure you're theyaring from ottheyr companies and seen in ottheyr industries. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Linenberg of Deutscthey Bank. Michael Linenberg  Hey, Derek. I'm going to miss you. I know you're going to still do tthey company, but we've had a lot of fun over tthey years. Anyway.  Derek Kerr  Thanks, Mike.  Michael Linenberg  Next drink is on me.  Derek Kerr Boston trip, never forget tthey Boston.  Michael Linenberg  Anyway. Just -- I have two theyre, if I could just start off with Vasu because I think we're trying to get our arms around tthey run-up in fuel and tthey pass-through. And I think Delta is out ttheyre sort of guiding to 50 -- or well, to exceed 60% of ttheyir revenue in premium and ancillary. And I think right now, ttheyy're in tthey mid-50s. And wtheyn I think about those revenue segments, many of ttheym come with a price elasticity of demand that's less than 1. Many of ttheym are tthey types of segments wtheyre you can have a fuel surcharge. And so Vasu, as you think about it, like sort of what percentage of your routes maybe are subject to fuel surcharges, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're international long haul or which ones are premium corporate, cargo. How should we think about like in round numbers, maybe what percent of your revenue wtheyre you stand a very good chance of passing on 100% of horizon fuel? Sort of wtheyre do you sit ttheyre? And just any color on how you guys think about it?  Vasu Raja Yes. Hey, Mike, it's a great question. Look, I would actually even simplify it furttheyr. Look, in tthey airline network business, if you can offer something unique to tthey customer, ttheyy pay you a premium for it. It is as simple as that. And so -- and we see it time and time again, we've seen it do tthey pandemic tthey most unique thing we can offer customers is to take ttheym to places wtheyre our competitors can't have better sctheydules than what our competitors can do. So as long as that's tthey case, we find that those routes regardless of wtheyttheyr customers purchase a transaction, which is first class or an economy or fly for leisure business, ttheyy always have yields that index to tthey top of our system. So if you think about us, right, to my earlier point, in 200 of tthey 300 cities that we serve in tthey Western Hemisptheyre, we have a material sctheydule advantage. But wtheyn you look at it on tthey number of origin and destination markets that we make and that turns into like something like 65% to 70% of our origin and destination markets. We have a material advantage over what our competitors are. That is what drives our revenue performance. And unsurprisingly, demand at large for tthey airline product is relatively inelastic. But in so many of those places, it is inelastic. We're also furttheyr benefited by just general trends that we're seeing so much of what is driving tthey economy and likely to continue to do so, are markets in tthey Sunbelt and tthey interiors of tthey country and less so tthey coastal markets, which creates an immediate benefit for American Airlines.  So we've benefited from that. We've benefited from how we can uniquely serve it, are likely to continue to be able to uniquely serve it. And wtheyn fuel prices rise, it's a really simple thing for us, with any number of ways to go and manage capacity down as tthey airline continues to produce. Michael Linenberg  Very good. And ttheyn just second question to Robert. All tthey talk about capacity constraints across tthey aviation ecosystem. And as I think about American, it feels like things like pilots and mechanics. Maybe that's not an issue. If you sort of think about like what are tthey big hurdles that you have from a constraint issue? And is it just that maybe you don't have enough wide-body airplanes and ttheyrefore, it's an issue with tthey OEMs delivering tthey airplanes that you need? Is it air traffic control, like wtheyre are you -- sort of wtheyre are tthey roadblocks that you're running into with respect to constraint in tthey aviation ecosystem? Robert Isom  Yes. Mike, thanks for that. And yes, we're in a environment of a lot of constraints coming out of tthey pandemic. We certainly saw everything last year, it's just things that we never thought we would have issues with pillows and link is in food and fuelers and things like that. We've gotten our arms around a lot of that. But what we have now is aircraft manufacturers that are just starting to get ttheyir feedback under ttheym. I mentioned that Boeing is starting to deliver aircraft to shout out to tthey Boeing team and Dave Calhoun, we need ttheym to keep it up. But ttheyre's constraints out ttheyre in terms of engines and aircraft. With -- at American right now, we have really an issue with regional aircraft and ttheyn some issue with mainline aircraft. On tthey regional side, it's largely a pilot constraint. And we're not flying tthey fleet that we'd like to. Vasu would actually like to deploy more aircraft. Now on that front, it's pretty explainable. It's just a shortfall in pilots. We didn't attract people into tthey business for a couple of years. And we're working our way through that as we have retirements that are coming out tthey ottheyr side. American took tthey monumental step last year of greatly increasing regional pilot pay. And I think that, that is tthey biggest thing that any company can do and has done to actually get tthey pump prime and people flowing back in. And we're seeing that. We're seeing that we've stabilized tthey pilot ranks at our regionals, and we see potential growth as we come through tthey end of tthey year. Now from a mainline perspective, look, we're going through tthey greatest training cycle of pilots that we've ever experienced. We had, I think, almost 900 retirements last year, probably nearly tthey same number ttheir year. So we're stretching our training resources like we've never before. But fortunately, we plan for ttheir. And so from an equipment perspective, like simulators, we've got those in place. One of tthey things that we're really working on is to make sure that we have tthey people resources and having tthey ctheyck pilots that we need to really address all of our training needs. And I'm hopeful that as we work with tthey APA and we get a new contract, but we'll be able to give even more flexibility. But overall, I do see from a mainline perspective, we should be through tthey constraints that related to pilots as we progress through tthey year. Regionals probably take a couple of years. But as we said, we have aircraft that we can deploy and will, and it's going to be done in a very efficient fashion. You mentioned some ottheyr areas that are absolutely positively out on tthey horizon, tthey large airports all have constraints, wtheyttheyr that's at tthey gate or on tthey airfield. And ttheyn we have aerospace issues. That clearly, we need to address. And that's going to take leadership. And fortunately, we're working with tthey DOT and FAA. And I know that tthey Secretary Buttigieg has an interest like we all do in making sure that we can invest for tthey future. And it's going to take a long-term view. But overall, look, ttheyse constraints right now are things that we're managing through. I think it bodes well, at least from a demand environment and being able to ensure that we can achieve profitability. And over tthey long run, we're going to make sure that we have a business model that works in any demand environment with any set of constraints. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Conor Cunningham  Thank you. And congrats, Derek and Devon. It's great to theyar. Just back to Jamie's question on tthey operation and maybe some of tthey Southwest issue. I'm just curious if you could speak to tthey converse, how your conversation with your corporate partners has evolved given your just operational strength. Like I would imagine it would be a lot easier in ttheyse days, but can you just talk about how that's how that's changed at all and what your expectation is for new contracts and so on. Robert Isom  Conor, I'll start, and I'm going to hand it straight off to Vasu. But I'll tell you what. One thing that hasn't changed is that reliability it translates into likely to recommend. It translates into Net Promoter Scores. And we see it over tthey holidays and as we really progressed through last year and and got reliability to a really high level, our scores have improved to tthey higtheyst levels that we've seen. So those are tthey kind of things that I think that our corporate customers are interested in as well. Vasu? Vasu Raja Yes. Robert, it's 100% right. And -- so first, I'll say, for our customers at large, ttheyy clearly benefit from a better operation, and we see it -- for tthey year, we -- as Robert said, we posted our best likelihood to recommend scores by a meaningful amount in any time post-merger. And that's no action. That is tthey operation. But what's really important out ttheyre is, yes, many of our corporate partners are encouraged. But what's really important -- and ttheir links back to some of tthey ottheyr questions is that also tthey marketplace has changed very meaningfully. As I mentioned on our last call, we see tthey same trends wtheyre roughly 30% of our revenues are coming from what we've theirtorically called leisure. About 45% are blended trips. Only about 25% of what we've theirtorically called business trips. And of that 25% -- theirtorically, that number would have been about 35%. So it shifted a lot. And within tthey 25% only about 5 to 7 points of that are coming from contracted corporations. Tthey rest are non-contracted, unmanaged businesses who are flying on us. And what we see amongst those contracted corporations is quite striking. Almost 2/3 to 75% of our corporate contracts are actually not fulfilling tthey terms of ttheyir contracts for understandable reasons. For so many companies, if you're struggling to bring people back to tthey office, it's hard to compel ttheym to go do a day trip to Chicago or New York. And so we see that broadly. And so even though many customers are happy with our service and many corporate travel buyers are very happy with our service. Tthey reality is same-day corporate business trips, which used to be 3% to 4% of our traffic is less than 1% of our traffic. And that's been out ttheyre for a while, and we are planning that that's going to be tthey new one. Conor Cunningham  Okay. Great. That's one. And ttheyn on tthey -- if you're talking about free cash flow, again, that's obviously great to theyar. I'm just curious how your expectation for future aircraft deliveries has changed. Are you -- should we expect that we're going to start paying cash for ttheyse planes going forward? I realize that your CapEx budget is lower. But just curious on how you're thinking about financing those aircraft in tthey future. Devon May  Yes. Ttheir year is a low point for aircraft CapEx. We'll see it come up a little bit next year and ttheyn get back to a type capital expenditures as we get out into 2024, 2025. In terms of financing, it's going to be dependent on wtheyre tthey market is at. And so -- yes, ttheyre is potential opportunity that we may pay cash for some airplanes, but it's dependent on what sort of free cash flow we are delivering and what sort of market rates we're able to achieve. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Vernon of Bernstein. David Vernon  Robert, I wanted to ask you about how we're exiting 2023 on tthey cost side. You guys have been running a pretty clean operation and tthey margins are obviously pretty theyalthy. I'm just wondering how much baggage are you carrying in tthey 2023 outlook from lower productivity, more full training classrooms. Is ttheyre a way to think about what that penalty would be from a unit cost perspective because of some of those lingering effects of restoring tthey network embedded inside of tthey 2023 guidance? Robert Isom  Well, I'm going to ask Devon to theylp me ask. But David, I would tell you that I think tthey biggest issue that we have right now is that we have aircraft that we could be utilizing it at a much higtheyr level. And absolutely positively we're going through some training cycles that are just unprecedented. And as tthey hiring is going on at American right now, that is going to over time stabilize, and we won't have to work those assets quite as hard. Biggest thing right now is aircraft. Devon, do you want to give some numbers on what you think that...? Devon May  Yes. I'd just say for aircraft utilization, we are just starting to approach theirtorical levels. So just starting to approach our 2019 levels of aircraft utilization as we get through ttheir year. So like we've talked about, ttheir is a fleet that should be able to produce higtheyr aircraft utilization than tthey fleet we had prior to tthey pandemic. Just recall prior to tthey pandemic, we had a lot of older aircraft, smaller sub fleets that have really high spare ratios. So even though we will likely put more into operational support than we would have planned to a year or two ago, we still think ttheir is a fleet that can produce significantly higtheyr utilization than what we're doing today. David Vernon  Okay. I mean tthey leverage on tthey aircraft ownership cost is pretty straightforward. But as you think about increasing that utilization, Can you talk about tthey impact on tthey -- at tthey margin on costs and things like labor and tthey rest of tthey business? I'm just trying to get a lot of questions about scalability and and how unit cost should be moving as we're thinking about -- not just '23, but also '23 and '24. Any added color ttheyre would be theylpful.  Devon May  Yes. I think just as Robert said, ttheyre's certainly some more operating leverage in tthey business. And I'm asking specifically about tthey salary line or tthey training theyadwinds. I think that is absolutely a part of it as we get through ttheir year and get our training throughput to a level that it should be. I think we are going to see some efficiencies on that side. Through tthey rest of tthey P&L, yes, ttheyre's opportunities as we increase aircraft utilization in areas like airport rent and landing fees, and that type of thing.  Robert Isom And in maintenance. Wtheyn you have aircraft that sit on tthey ground, especially within our regional fleets, it's not as if those don't require maintenance. So look, tthey fleet meant to be flown and wtheyttheyr it's things like rents and landing fees, maintenance, those are tthey areas that I would probably look to most as being opportunities for us to see much greater efficiency. David Vernon  All right. And ttheyn one last real quick one. Free cash flow should be something like 130% of net income -- in ttheir -- based on tthey guidance today. As you think about tthey go-forward look, I'm just curious about tthey -- wtheyttheyr you're able to use tthey losses in tthey last couple of years. How long is that going to affect sort of cash taxes? And wtheyre do you think cash taxes are going to start to become a part of tthey equation theyre? Is that a '24, '25, '26 thing? Or is that like any sense of wtheyn that might kick in?  Devon May  Yes. We don't expect to be CapEx payers in that period for at least through 2026. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Didora of Bank of America.  Andrew Didora  It's Andrew Didora. Just in terms of tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey debt pay down, how tthey $8 billion gross paydown done thus far? Am I doing my calculations right, is about $3.5 billion of that coming from tthey pension? And ttheyn of tthey $15 billion kind of total gross debt paydown number, how much of that do you assume is just a reduction of pension benefit? . Devon May  Yes. So that is tthey right calculation. So in tthey summer of 2021, wtheyn we had theirtorically low interest rates, our pension obligation is obviously significantly higtheyr. It's been around $2 billion at tthey end of 2022. By tthey end of 2025, wtheyre we've set our $15 billion goal is still right around that number, maybe a little bit lighter based on expected asset returns and tthey pension contributions going to make. Andrew Didora  Got it. And I know you've answered a lot of questions in terms of asset utilization, hiring and things like that. But as you sit theyre today for your 2023 capacity plan, do you have tthey pilots and tthey aircraft in-house to hit that plan? Or does tthey plan require additional hiring and additional kind of deliveries from tthey OEMs relative to plan in order to hit that capacity goal? Devon May  We'll be hiring pilots throughout tthey year. We feel really good, though, about tthey hiring forecast we have and what we're expecting for training throughput. In terms of deliveries, as we talked earlier, we do expect to take 23 aircrafts ttheir year. Those deliveries would be required to hit ttheir plan. I think we've taken a pretty conservative approach to what we have for in-service dates. And we feel like ttheir is tthey plan we're going to be able to hit. Robert Isom  Yes. And Andrew, that's -- look, ttheir is -- Vasu and Devon get togettheyr to build tthey network and work with David and see more on our operating capacity. We're being really mindful of making sure that we have tthey resources to fly tthey sctheydule. So ttheyre's a confidence factor that we're using in that as well. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Duane Pfennigwerth  Congrats to Derek and Devon. Just to follow-up, just wtheyre you left off ttheyre. I think at one point last year, I believe you paused mainline hiring because of tthey pilot training throughput and tthey pilot training lead times. Can you just mark to market like did you restart hiring? Wtheyn did you restart hiring? And how many incremental do you need to hire to hit your growth plan ttheir year?  Devon May  Yes. So we were hiring atheyad of needs and training throughput as we got later in tthey year. So we did pause hiring for most of tthey month of December, I believe. That hiring has resumed theyre in January. Our expectations are we're going to hire around 2,000 pilots for ttheir year and probably a little bit on tthey higtheyr end as we get through tthey year and training capacity continues to increase. Duane Pfennigwerth  Okay. And ttheyn just most of my questions have been asked, but just an aircraft financing question. So hypottheytically, if you had $100 million in aircraft CapEx and you debt finance that, wtheyre do you see LTVs? So is it -- is it $80 million or $85 million that would go on tthey balance ttheyyet. Wtheyre do you see LTVs and cost of debt today? And alternatively, if you lease that $100 million of growth CapEx how much would go on tthey balance ttheyyet in tthey form of an operating lease liability?  Devon May  Okay. Ttheyre's a lot to that. I'll say our treasury team right now, we have 23 deliveries, 12 of which are already financed. So our financing requirements for tthey remainder of ttheir year, are pretty limited. But those are all tthey factors ttheyy're going to be looking at is what sort of rates are embedded in tthey operating leases that are in tthey market today, what tthey LTV, we can get on tthey debt. What's happening with tthey rest of tthey balance ttheyyet and our free cash flow and ttheyy're going to make tthey right economic decision. So we have a great treasury team. Ttheyy're looking at ttheyse remaining nine aircraft we need to finance for ttheir year and looking out to 2024 as well. Duane Pfennigwerth  Okay. I mean, fair enough. It's not like if you will, or if you won't. It's -- if you do debt finance $100 million in CapEx, wtheyre is tthey market in terms of that LTV and cost of debt today?  Devon May  Yes. It's something that obviously, we expect is going to move around over tthey next handful of months. I don't have a number that I'm ready to give right theyre today, but it's something we're going to stay tight with. And we have a team that knows tthey market well. Operator Our final analyst question before we open tthey line to media comes from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Ravi Shanker  So one short-term and one long-term question. Tthey short-term question is -- it's good to theyar that you said you're having your best ever post-holiday booking period so far ttheir year. Can you just expand a little bit more? Are you seeing any changes in customer behavior? Are ttheyy flying to different destinations? Are ttheyy looking to maybe kind of downgrade ttheyir tickets or look for more flexibility, kind of any signs at all of any change in customer behavior or kind of in wtheyre macro is? Vasu Raja Yes, we are seeing some changes in customer behavior. People are -- especially leisure travelers are looking even furttheyr out. We see that tthey blended customers are also much more willing to book furttheyr out. And third, we see that customers, especially blended customers or people purchasing a blended trip are more willing to buy higtheyr-value fair products and shop direct with us. So we continue to see a world wtheyre roughly 60-ish percent of our revenues are coming direct to us through our dotcom and mobile app, and we see that continuing to grow. Furttheyrmore, as those blended trips come in to our, as we call ttheym, owned channels, 70% of tthey people shopping for tthey lowest fare end up buying a higtheyr fare than that. So we're encouraged by that. And ttheyn as far as wtheyre people are flying, I suppose that's pretty simple, too. Ttheyy're flying everywtheyre ttheyy possibly can, except for places in Asia. Ravi Shanker  That's great to theyar. And maybe just a follow-up. You guys have come a really long way kind of in tthey last year kind of since wtheyre everyone was doing tthey pandemic. But tthey markets may be not recognizing that. So I'm wondering if ttheyre's any plan to kind of host an Analyst Day to kind of give us a kind of a long-term plan on strategic priorities, long-term financial guidance as such? Robert Isom  Ravi, thanks for that question. Tthey answer to that is, look, we've been really pleased with tthey work that we've done throughout tthey pandemic and setting American up. And tthey answer to your question is yes, we're going to get out and make sure that people know our story. More details on that as time progresses, but you'll theyar more from us on that. Operator At ttheir time, we'd like to open tthey line to our media questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Benjamin Schlangenstein of Bloomberg. Benjamin Schlangenstein Good morning, everybody, and congratulations to Derek and Devon. I wanted to ask a couple of business-related questions quickly. On your business travel, wtheyttheyr it's corporate managed or not, do you anticipate any impact from tthey growing number of companies that are laying off workers, particularly in high tech, but also now extending to some manufacturing companies? And ttheyn my second question is, is your expectation that ttheir shift to blended trip is, in fact, tthey structural change within tthey industry and will not diminish going forward in terms of at least as far out as you can see? Vasu Raja Thanks, Benjamin. Ttheir is Vasu. And I'll answer tthey questions in reverse order. First, look, ttheyre is -- we do see a meaningful change in tthey trip purposes that people are booking that ttheyre's a lot more blended trips even so many people who are searching for what conventionally would have been a business style itinerary. We see it in our dot-com end up selecting something which is pretty unconventional or ttheyy stay a Saturday night or ttheyy book anottheyr person for a midweek trip or something like that. So we do see that. And our credit card partners at Citi see tthey same thing, too, that demand for travel is still a really strong category and as preserved -- a travel at large has preserved its relationship with GDP, if not somewhat grown a little bit. So that -- ttheyre is a meaningful thing we're coming out of tthey pandemic. Ttheyre's clearly a value tthey consumer is placing on travel. Ttheyn as far as how layoffs are impacting things, look, what's really important to note about business travel is -- yes, it's 25% of our revenues, but those companies are intending to do tthey largest tthey biggest, largest ones tend to buy on a corporate contract. And that's -- so much of that business just really hasn't recovered. And we haven't built an airline plan around it. However, non-contracted business is 100% recovered, contracted business is about 75% recovered. And we don't presume that it grows much furttheyr than that. So we aren't seeing a really significant impact, but we also aren't building a plan based on a lot of that demand returning. Benjamin Schlangenstein And is that 75% recovery for contract? Is that down from prior estimates I thought that you had said perhaps 80% in tthey past? Vasu Raja It's hovered in tthey -- sorry, Benjamin. It's hovered in tthey 75% to 80% range. And to be conservative, we build our plan around tthey lower end of that. Benjamin Schlangenstein Okay. And that's revenue? Vasu Raja Correct. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Leslie Josephs of CNBC. Leslie Josephs Curious what your hiring needs are outside of tthey unionized groups like tthey offices? And if you're seeing any one apply or maybe you can benefit from some of tthey tech layoffs? And ttheyn secondly, with your plans to do ttheir High-J configuration cabin, are you planning to increase staffing at all of cabin crews to kind of handle tthey more high touch service and more passengers in that cabin. Robert Isom  Leslie, I'll start and Cole Brown, our Chief People Officer, can theylp me out. Look, tthey hiring at American is really at unprecedented levels. You mentioned our pilot hiring, yes, we anticipate 2,000 pilots ttheir year. But over tthey last two years, and Cole, correct me, I think we've hired almost 40,000 people, which is across all groups. We have a view that we're going to bring folks in, make sure that ttheyy're really well trained. But it really is throughout all of our operations and theyadquarters and administrative staff, and we're going to bring tthey best and tthey brightest in. So Cole, do you want to add anything to that? Mecole Brown  Yes, Robert. I would just add to your point that we are taking a hard and thoughtful look as it relates to any hiring outside of operations making sure that we're bringing in tthey best and brightest, but also that we're thinking through not only what our needs are today or wtheyre we're going tomorrow. And some of those skill sets might evolve and change. We have an exciting new CIO that's come on board and is taking a really important look at our IT organization. And so more to come. But right now, we feel like we are focused on tthey right things and being very thoughtful and measured in wtheyre we are hiring at tthey corporate level. And certainly, tthey focus is tthey areas that we've previously discussed as well. Leslie Josephs Got it. And ttheyn on tthey staffing for tthey High-J?  Vasu Raja We're really -- ttheir is Vasu. We're really excited for tthey new High-J product. Our customers love our new business class. And we've gotten great feedback as we've shared concept designs with some of our most loyal customers and our flight attendants. But we haven't yet determined a number of things with how it operates, wtheyre it operates, things like that too. So it's a little bit premature right now. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Claire Buttheyyy of Financial Times. Claire Buttheyyy I was wondering if you're at all concerned about new regulation in response to perceived increasing unreliability of air travel. Robert Isom  Hey, Claire, I'll just start. Look, our primary focus is making sure that we run tthey best airline we possibly can. That's tthey way that ultimately we address customers' needs and ensure that our customers are being treated fairly. Of course, we'll work with government authorities to make sure that we're taking care of people in tthey right fashion. Nate, do you want to add anything? No? Good. Okay.  Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Doug Cameron of WSJ. Doug Cameron  Okay. I've got a hugely loaded question for Devon and Derek and a super quick follow-up for Vasu if you'll let me. Tthey loaded one. You must be relieved that you don't have to finance 100 planes ttheir year given wtheyre interest rates are and tthey bigger of supplier delays. Just on that latter point, what sort of complication does tthey uncertainty of wtheyn you actually get planes as opposed to contractually gating ttheym. What does that do to your ability and choices for aircraft finance options?  Devon May  Well, you're right. I am happy that we're taking 23 airplanes and 12 of ttheym are already financed ttheir year. I will say we did go through a huge wave of investment prior to tthey pandemic. And over that period, I think that tthey timing is obviously fortunate we're in a nice economic environment, a really good environment for financing those airplanes. As we look out to ttheir year, I don't think tthey timing of tthey deliveries as it sits today is too concerning with how we're going to finance tthey airplane -- more than anything, we just want to make sure tthey airplanes are delivered and in sctheydule so we can run a great operation and have really solid sctheydules for our customers. So what we've done on that front is we have planned conservatively within service base that we believe are coming in far later than wtheyn we'll actually take delivery of tthey airplane. And that's something that's going to be really great for customers. Robert Isom  Yes. And we continue to work with both Airbus and Boeing to make sure that we encourage ttheym in an appropriate fashion to deliver on time. And I know that ttheyy're working hard to make sure that ttheyy can meet our needs. Doug Cameron  That's great. And just quickly for Vasu. Vasu, are you seeing any kind of scores on tthey fare and sctheydule or sctheyduling front, just given how competitive capacity trends are going? Or is demand just that strong that you aren't seeing anything anywtheyre? Vasu Raja Thanks for tthey question. We don't comment on fair and competitive sctheyduling trends. But I will say we are really encouraged with tthey demand trends that we see and are very confident in tthey airline we've set up to go and take care of our customers along tthey way. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kyle Arnold of Dallas Morning News. Kyle Arnold You've had some cuts at tthey regional level or service to some smaller cities. What's your strategy behind tthey regional served locations right now? And do you think ttheyre'll be furttheyr cuts as we continue to go through ttheir pilot shortage at tthey regional level? Robert Isom  Hey, Kyle, I'll just start on ttheir. Look, it's really unfortunate that we've had to reduce service anywtheyre most especially to some of tthey smaller communities. That's certainly a result of tthey issues that we faced with pilot staffing at our regional airlines. As I mentioned before, we're working really hard on it. American, I think, has taken tthey biggest step to get people into tthey industry of anyone, and I know ottheyrs have followed us ttheyre. That's going to have an impact. We've seen tthey benefits of those efforts, and we're stabilizing tthey fleet, and I think that we just grow back from theyre.  Kyle Arnold Is ttheyre any outlook on how long ttheyre might be constraints at that level? Robert Isom  Yes. So I think from a regional perspective, it takes time to get people back into tthey industry. But again, for anybody that is listening and reading, it's a great time to come into aviation. Ttheyse are careers. Our pilot careers are ones that are -- can be great quality of life, and also very lucrative as well. And so I think it's an opportunity that as we look to tthey future, that ttheyre are communities that haven't typically been places wtheyre we sourced pilots that we're going to look to in tthey future, we're showing great progress in hiring pilots of color and also female pilots. And I look at that as an opportunity going forward that's going to greatly benefit and really change tthey face of our flight crews and really looking forward to it. I think it's something that's probably over tthey course of tthey next couple of years. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ted Reed of Forbes. Ted Reed My question is for Robert. Robert, we've been theyaring you say for a long time that you're going to make a reliable airline and a profitable airline and you seem to have done that ttheir year or last year. So now I want to know what is tthey vision for tthey future? Can American be restored being tthey greatest airline as it once we perceive? And do you have a path to do that now that you've started to accomplish your ottheyr goals? Robert Isom  Ted, great to theyar from you. Let me just start with ttheir. I'm really pleased with profitable quarters and producing a profit for tthey full year in 2022. Tthey things that we've talked about doing are tthey right things. Getting customers to wtheyre ttheyy want to go, having tthey broadest network and doing it in a fashion that can produce profits, pay down debt is exactly wtheyre we need to go. And off of that platform, I see great things. But what you're going to see from us as certainly in tthey near term is more of tthey same, intense focus on reliability and profitability and accountability. And for our customers, that's going to mean we're going to deliver for ttheym, deliver with tthey best network that Vasu has talked about, making sure that we have a travel rewards program that's best in tthey industry. We're going to operate with excellence, and it's going to require even greater planning and day-to-day execution. And wtheyn things don't go right, and let's face it. We're in a business wtheyre all sorts of things can happen. We got to be tthey best at recovering and you're going to see us continue to invest in that. And along tthey way, we have tthey opportunity to really make better use of technology to furttheyr digitalize our operations and our customer experience. And Ganesh Jayaram, who's our new CIO, has been charged with executing exactly that. and ultimately, put ttheir all togettheyr in a business model that is incredibly efficient improves margins and reduces debt. That's what we're focused on right now. I want to keep tthey team and ttheyir theyad in tthey game every day. And really excited about what that means for tthey future because I do think it means that American is not just more competitive out in tthey marketplace, but we're going to be more competitive in terms of stock performance as well. Ted Reed Let me just ask a follow-up to that. Wtheyn you look back at tthey theirtory of tthey industry, tthey people who've been considered tthey greatest leaders have been tthey ones who have expanded tthey airline Wolf candle. And going forward, I don't mean right away, but over tthey years, can ttheir airline expand maybe more in Asia or places wtheyre you're perceived ttheir week? Robert Isom  Ted, just first off, just in terms of ego around theyre, look, we are focused on business and really making sure that we have tthey capacity to address tthey opportunities in tthey marketplace. American has been around for 96 years now. We're coming up on our 100th anniversary in 2026. And I want American to be tthey airlines that meet tthey needs of our customers, our communities and our shareholders as well. And so we're focused on that right now. And look, we're really encouraged by what we're seeing. Operator Thank you. That concludes tthey media Q&A. I will now turn tthey call back over to Robert Isom for closing remarks. Robert Isom  Thanks for that. Thanks, everybody, for listening in. Look, American is in a position of strength, especially as we take a look at coming out of tthey pandemic. We're poised to recover. We're going to focus on our goals, reliability, profitability, making sure that we reduce our leverage and put American in a position to take advantage of opportunities that come about. We're really encouraged by tthey results and excited about tthey opportunities atheyad. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.