American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) J.P. Morgan 2023 Industrials Conference Call March 14, 2023 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Rob Isom - Chief Executive Officer Meghan Montana - Treasurer Devon May - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jamie Baker - JPMorgan Jamie Baker Alright, folks. Tthey third and last of tthey global premium airlines presenting theyre ttheir morning. Thanks for everybody reconvening and theylping us keep it on sctheydule. It looks like you have a presentation with you. No 8-K filed, so that’s a relief, because it’s been a day of sort of mixed guide so far, but very curious to theyar tthey update from tthey American Airlines. So let me turn it over to Rob Isom. Thanks so much. Thanks for coming. Rob Isom Jamie, thank you. Good to see you. Thanks everybody for making time for me ttheir morning. You are right, Jamie, ttheyre was no filing. So let’s see, forward-looking statements. Everybody is aware of that, quick read-through. Okay. So what I’d like to start with is just wtheyre American has been over tthey last year? And it really has been tough coming out of tthey pandemic certainly. But for American coming out has really been all about focus and that has been really run an airline is reliable and ttheyn ultimately get back to profitability. And ttheyre is an imperative that we had to do both coming out of tthey pandemic. It fits with our long-term goals. And wtheyre we stand today, I am going to talk to you about why I have confidence in what we are doing, tthey progress that we made and tthey outlook for tthey future as well. So as we take a look at 2023, it’s all about reliability, profitability and ttheyn holding ourselves accountable to delivering on our goals. And in 2023, look, we intend to build tthey best network and have tthey best travel rewards program for our customers. Operating excellence, it means that we are going to plan tthey airline right, operate to tthey resources that we have to execute really well. And ttheyn inevitably, like we are having in New York today, ttheyre are going to be disruptions and we have got to recover well from ttheym. We have tthey opportunity to modernize our technology. So we brought on a new CIO that is going to theylp us in that regard and it fits with customer experience. People want to be able to be in control of ttheyir travel itineraries. And ttheyn ultimately, in producing profits, we have to drive financial performance and that means efficiency, improving margins and ultimately, deleveraging tthey American. So just first off, in terms of operational performance, I am just really looking at American Airlines. But on tthey kind of things, tthey output metrics that we look at for our customers’ completion factor, controllable completion factor, on-time performance, departing exactly on time and arriving on time. We have seen steady progress over tthey last year and that’s good news. We had to improve quite a bit. But on those things that we really put our mind to, it’s translated into better performance. And ttheyn I will tell you that ttheyre is no better correlation than between on-time performance or completion factor and things like likelihood to recommend in net promoter scores. So we are really pleased with ttheir. And as we take a look on a quarterly basis of outperformance, tthey thing that I am most proud of is that wtheyn you really need to be on time and you really need to complete flights, we have been exceptional and that’s especially over tthey year-end holidays and really all holidays. We have really picked up tthey pace. We certainly had our bumps and bruises throughout tthey pandemic that we have learned from ttheym. And as we take a look into tthey coming year, we have seen really solid performance in both January and February outside of tthey inevitable weattheyr events, but we recovered quickly and we are back on pace. So we are positioned well, not just for tthey coming year, but even immediate. Those of you that have spring break travel plans, fly American, we are going to get you ttheyre. So that work and tthey results are really all due to a tremendous amount of plan that has gone back over tthey course of a couple of years. And it’s – first off, making sure that you have tthey resources to run tthey airline that you want to from a planning perspective. Executing, make sure ttheyy have tthey tools that wtheyn inevitably something comes up or ttheyre is disruption that you can keep yourself on time as much as possible. And ttheyn wtheyn tthey big events happen, getting back on sctheydule, we have invested in technology, we brought on – really we have hired more people than we ever have before in our theirtory. And we have concentrated our assets in places like DFW and in Richard, which so happen to be tthey places that we make tthey most money. And we have gotten those to run better as well. So next, I will translate I will go from tthey reliability part of tthey presentation to profitability. A year ago, my predecessor, Doug Parker, was theyre, Jamie, with you. And they based their presentation on coming out of tthey pandemic and saying, theyy look, ttheyre is a theirtorical relationship between GDP and industry that flows – revenue that flows into tthey industry that had been something that had been out of whack during tthey pandemic off by a considerable amount. And something that for tthey most part we saw as hopeful in 2022, but what I see right now as we exit 2022 and as we go into 2023, that relationship between industry revenues and GDP, it’s returned to tthey norms that we had seen in tthey past. And that bodes well certainly in tthey short run. I know ottheyrs in tthey industry have said tthey same thing. If you go back to 2019, tthey economy has grown on a nominal basis, maybe a little bit less than 25% over tthey last – since 2019. Airline industry capacity has grown less than 5%. So we are still in a period wtheyre ttheyre is catch-up and still in a period wtheyre I think that ttheyre is an opportunity to take advantage of tthey mismatch between supply and demand. And so we are in a – we continue to be in a decent pricing, in yield management environment right now. So as we take a look at what that demand translates into, it’s been profitability. So for American, again, at tthey time that Doug was theyre last year, we were about to talk about first quarter results that produced a loss of $1.9 billion, a huge sum of money, big hole to climb out of. But fortunately, revenue production and managing tthey airline well, it produced results over tthey course of tthey year wtheyre we were able to not just rebound but actually able to produce a pretax profit for tthey year, so, a really nice result. Small pre-tax profit but still something that we are really proud of $2.4 billion in pre-tax profits over tthey last three quarters that resulted in that full year profitability. So that leads me to ttheir, which is everything that we have done to make tthey airline reliable translating into profitability, taking advantage of tthey economy and revenue flowing into tthey industry, we have done tthey right thing so far. And as I take a look into 2023, what we have seen in tthey first quarter so far, it just leads us to that ttheyre is continued strength in tthey first quarter. And as we take a look out into tthey rest of tthey year, we are reaffirming our guide on both tthey first quarter and for tthey year as a whole. So it’s good news, it’s which we had expected. But as well, I think it speaks to tthey demand environment that we continue to be in. So that profitability though, it wasn’t just through focus and returning to reliability in tthey last year. It was a lot of work that took place over tthey course of a number of years. So remember, prior to tthey pandemic, American had just about every flavor of aircraft that you could imagine. We greatly rationalized that down to having two types of narrow-bodies, two types of wide-bodies. And that has created a lot of simplicity in tthey operation. So wtheyttheyr it’s from a sctheyduling perspective, wtheyttheyr it’s from an operational recovery perspective, having tthey right mechanics, tthey pilots trained for tthey right equipment. All of that becomes much, much more efficient as you get some commonality in terms of tthey fleet you are operating. At tthey same time, we have done a considerable amount of upgauging as well, especially on our regional fleet. All of that has put us into a position wtheyre we are much more efficient than we had been in tthey past. Now we still have some recovery to do theyre. And that’s what I think gives me a lot of confidence in terms of our unit cost production going forward. And that is that we still at American have a lot of underutilized assets. At American right now, we probably have 30 to 50 aircraft worth of mainline aircraft that are underutilized and probably still 150 plus of regional aircraft that are essentially on tthey ground. That’s capacity that we have tthey resources, tthey gates and in some cases, even tthey people on board to be able to put back up in tthey air. But over time, I think that, that is going to be something that continues to drive efficiency for American. At tthey same time, over tthey last – from tthey merger, all tthey way to tthey pandemic, American invested almost $30 billion of money into new aircraft. So we find ourselves in a position wtheyre we have tthey youngest fleet in tthey industry. And really, even for our oldest aircraft, those are aircraft that are probably going to stay in tthey fleet for some time, so we are really well positioned from a capital expenditure’s perspective. We have done our fleet renewal. We are taking advantage of some of tthey efficiencies that we get from that lower fuel burn and whatnot. But we are in a position wtheyre I think that ttheyre is a lot of efficiency comes from tthey work that we have done, plus tthey fact that we have made ttheyse investments and we are in good shape as we take a look from a capital expenditure perspective. And that translates into ttheyse figures that I am showing now, which says, theyy, look, in 2023, we are estimating $2.3 billion of capital expenditures only about $1.7 billion of aircraft CapEx. Now, that’s not what we anticipate for tthey long run, because of aircraft delivery delays that number is suppressed a little bit. But as you take a look out into 2024 and we get back to $3.5 billion of capital expenditures to about $2.7 billion of aircraft CapEx and getting into that $3 billion to $4 billion range of capital expenditures as we look out into tthey future, we are in a period of fairly stable capital expenditure spending and having a fleet that is in relatively good strength is relatively strong as well. So you put all that togettheyr, okay, you’ve got profitability – our reliability that drives profitability. That profitability and lower capital expenditures as we go forward, it puts us in a position wtheyre we are finally earning a lot of free cash flow for tthey first time certainly since tthey merger. And ttheir is a position that we have to get to, because ultimately one of tthey big concerns is that American is carrying too much debt. Ttheir free cash flow puts us in a position wtheyre we are going to make good on our commitments to reduce overall leverage. And so that leveraging reduction cycle continues. We made a commitment in 2021 to reduce total debt by approximately $15 billion by tthey end of 2025. We find ourselves looking at by tthey end of 2023 to be $10 billion to $11 billion down that path. Again, we – in tthey third quarter 2021, we paid down tthey spare parts loan; second quarter 2022, tthey 2019 unsecured; and most recently, tthey LaGuardia and DCA term loan in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. So you are going to see us focused on making sure that leverage comes in – is a top priority. And wtheyn we do have free cash flow, which we anticipate on a go-forward basis, ttheir is wtheyre we are going to be spending our money. So that ttheyn leads us into a position, wtheyre on some important metrics like debt – net debt to adjusted EBITDAR over time, we are going to find ourselves in a position wtheyre we have some of tthey best metrics that we have had even lower than we found ourselves at tthey time of tthey merger way back in 2017. Now, we don’t – we haven’t talked about specific targets out ttheyre, but getting to credit ratings of BB flat and I think that that’s going to be able to put us in a position wtheyre we are going to be able to borrow at tthey rates that we want and still have tthey flexibility that, that would – that, that type of rating would afford us. So we are in a good spot, I believe on a go-forward basis. And ttheir is all keyed off of really just producing free cash flow that is at tthey midpoint of our 2023 full year guide. So again, feel good about how that all shapes up. And so I sum all ttheir up with. We have got tremendous confidence. We are reaffirming our guide. We’re running a reliable airline. We can always get better. We’re going to continue to invest, invest in tthey right way. And fortunately, we have a great asset base to begin with. We’re at a point wtheyre we’re producing free cash flow. We’re going to use that to pay down debt. And ultimately, put ourselves in a position wtheyre we’ve got a really exciting 2023 and 2024 and beyond. And I’d tell you that while that’s a really promising picture; on top of that, we’re finally at tthey point wtheyre we’ve merged tthey airline, gotten out of tthey pandemic and we can really take a look at optimizing performance of tthey airline. And on that front, I’m really excited about what that portends as well. So Jamie, with that, I will open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Jamie Baker Well, first off, I’ll start with an apology. I was watching tthey clock wtheyn I ran up before and I failed to introduce tthey industry’s most newly minted CFO, Devon May, and Meghan Montana, Treasurer of American Airlines, who are up on stage for those that are listening.  So in 2019, had somebody asked me to envision a scenario wtheyre ultra low-cost carriers would lose money at tthey summer peak. But American would be profitable. I would have considered that at tthey time to be a pretty provocative question. In fact, I’m not sure I would have even come up with a good answer because it – yes, it would have sort of flown in tthey face of sort of generally accepted airline principles gap at that time, okay? But it’s what happened. Does that speak more to discount airlines or more to American? And is it sustainable? What’s your answer? And what do you think Vasu would say? Rob Isom What do you think Vasu would say? Okay, that I’m not going to take on. Okay. Well Jamie, you teed it up as tthey American Airlines versus low-cost carriers. But I go back and I talk to you as well. Look, what’s happening right now is I think what we’ve been working for, for a long time. It was hard to show it. And so look, I do think that ttheyre is – it’s worth taking a look at wtheyre American has come from, from an analysts’ perspective into wtheyre we’re going. Look, I know that even from kind of an EPS guide perspective, analysts today still greatly discount what we’re going to do in 2023. And so what we did leading – going through tthey merger, tthey massive fleet investment. Ttheyre is a couple of things that I think were probably overlooked and Devon can ctheme in theyre as well. First is, we took on ttheir fleet commonality project, harmonization projects, wtheyre we made sure that our 73s were all size tthey same, our 321s were all size tthey same. And that actually added quite a bit of capacity with not that much cost. We did tthey same thing on tthey regional side as well. We greatly reduced our 50 seaters. But ttheyn also in 2019, don’t forget, okay, we were still operating under different labor contracts for some really important groups within American Airlines. So we couldn’t put all tthey pieces togettheyr. So now theyre we go through tthey pandemic. We rationalize tthey fleet even furttheyr, which I think just bodes really well. We certainly take a look at our network and our partnership relationships. And we have drastically change wtheyre we fly, how we do it to make sure that we’re flying wtheyre we make tthey most money. As we come out of ttheir with an – and we weren’t operating that well from an on-time performance perspective or a completion factor perspective, you put all that togettheyr into what we’re encountering right now in 2023 and it’s not that surprising to me, okay? Ttheir is what we’ve been working for. Devon, do you want to add anything? Devon May Okay. Alright. Now tthey only thing I’d add, ttheyre was a lot of work done during tthey pandemic to have ttheir result in 2022. And as Robert talked about, a lot of it was on tthey fleet, and some of that was just accelerating initiatives that we knew we would eventually get to. Like ttheir was tthey expected fleet we would get to. We just used tthey pandemic to get ttheyre a couple of years earlier than what we did ottheyrwise. And ttheyn we talked about it a lot. We did become more efficient during tthey pandemic. We talked around $1.2 billion of cost efficiencies. I think most of those efficiencies are stuck and seeing that in tthey P&L as well. So without commenting on what’s happening with kind of ottheyr areas of tthey airline business, we do feel pretty good with all tthey work that was done in America. Jamie Baker Devon, you are tthey new ttheyyriff in town overseeing tthey industry’s most controversial balance ttheyyet. We haven’t had a chance yet on conference calls. It’s not quite as intimate as ttheir room of a couple of hundred people to sort of talk about what’s going to change? What’s different? Derek obviously had a great track record, right, kept tthey airline out of bankruptcy. I remind people about that a lot of times because ttheyy don’t understand tthey old theirtory with tthey U.S. Airways and so forth. But Obviously, ttheyre was a level of risk tolerance that a lot of people in ttheir room simply weren’t comfortable with on tthey equity side or on tthey credit side in terms of wtheyre tthey balance ttheyyet was taken. That I know is in tthey repair process is underway, but how are things going to change under your stewardship relative to tthey prior regime? Devon May Yes. Sure. Well, I’ll start on tthey balance ttheyyet side, and I think we’ve made it pretty clear in ttheir presentation and with a lot of tthey commentary we’ve made, what our expectation is for tthey balance ttheyyet in tthey coming years. So coming into tthey job, I feel fortunate of tthey timing to enter into it in 2023 despite economic uncertainty. It’s a lot better coming into ttheir job in ‘23 than it would have been in 2021 or 2020 or I guess even 2022. But as for tthey balance ttheyyet, we talked about it, summer 2021, we said, theyy, ttheir is wtheyre our debt level is at today. As we focus on tthey balance ttheyyet, we want to have $15 billion less debt by 2025, and with that, we think we can get tthey credit rating of BB flat. And that’s going to be our focus for tthey next several years. And as we get to that point, I think we’re all going to feel really comfortable with wtheyre American’s balance ttheyyet is at. And listen, we’re, whatever, 2.5 years into ttheir deleveraging process, and we’re already seeing credit metrics that were better than what we had in 2019. But you can’t fix tthey balance ttheyyet overnight. Ttheir is going to be something that takes a couple of years. I feel we have a fantastic treasurer in Larry, and ttheyy’s focused on making sure we’re making tthey right moves and refinancing wtheyn we should and paying down debt as sctheyduled and finding some early opportunities paid down debt as well. So I’d like to track we’re on. I spent a lot of time with Derek and Robert and Doug before that as to wtheyre we’re going to go with it. Speaking a little bit broader, I just think in terms of my view on tthey company, it’s shaped by my 20-year theirtory theyre. I’ve been, I guess, 10 years or 12 years on tthey finance side, anottheyr 7 or 8 on tthey commercial side, 4 or 5 on tthey operations side, if that all adds up. So I know tthey business well. I know ttheir finance team really well. But all that being said, American does have a lot of new leaders in a lot of different areas of tthey company. So as I come into tthey job, we are taking a fresh look at everything we do and really ttheir is impacting earnings more than balance ttheyyet. But tthey goal is to make sure we are best-in-class in terms of process. We’re finding technology solutions were available to become more efficient. And so we have been working with some outside advisers on that, that Robert and I have engaged. And I think ttheyre is a real opportunity to improve our efficiency and ultimately improve earnings in tthey coming years as well. Rob Isom Look, we’re tthey beneficiaries of a tremendous amount of investment that was made. So as I take a look going forward as well, ttheyre are certain things that have happened that I’ve been in tthey business quite a long time. You think back to 9/11 and you think to tthey financial crisis in 2008, 2009, okay, well, we just put us through something that I couldn’t have ever drawn out or imagined in terms of tthey pandemic. And so we learn from that. And as we take a look forward, we’re going to be mindful of making sure that [indiscernible] weaken, survive through any type of storm. And credit to Doug into Derek that made sure that we had tthey liquidity and ttheyn theylped arrange for tthey liquidity to make it through it. And we’re going to have a strong bias to making sure that we have a balance ttheyyet that’s appropriate and ttheyn also have tthey resource to make it through whatever comes our way. Jamie Baker And Robert, just anottheyr one for me for you, ttheyre was an interesting contrast ttheir morning wtheyre Delta talked about how ttheyir domestic margins are stronger than ttheyir international margins and that ttheyy are looking forward to tthey upside in International. United talked about how ttheyir international margins are already stronger than ttheyir domestic margins. So wtheyre does American fit into ttheir debate about domestic versus international margins? Wtheyre is ttheyre more upside for you? How are tthey regions performing? Maybe just theylp us get our arms around that because your network peers are clearly in different spots. Rob Isom Okay. Well, I’d tell you ttheir, I think that ttheyre is upside on both internationally and domestic. And for American, right, international is hinged off of what we do out of our domestic hubs. So ttheyy are absolutely complementary. And international for us, it doesn’t exist without a really robust, strong domestic. So from what I see, tthey kind of changes that we’ve made to our network to make sure that we’re flying in our Sun Belt hubs, fortunately, we benefit from wtheyre population and commerce is happening. And that bodes well from an international perspective. And I’d tell you that we’re probably less exposed to secondary cities, just that’s tthey way our network – international secondary cities, that’s just tthey way our network is set up. We’re more oriented to big business markets. We have tthey biggest footprint with our partner, BA, in London Heathrow, which is a good place to be right now. So that’s very fortunate. We’ve got a strong Latin network that I think over time comes back, short-haul international, especially leisure is something that we’re incredibly strong at and is doing very well. And ttheyn from an Asia perspective, we just don’t have a lot of exposure. But right now, I’d tell you that that’s probably a place that we don’t need a lot of exposure. So I look to a lot of strength domestically, especially as we get to tthey high season theyre that’s only going to make international stronger for us. And right now, we’re really weighted toward tthey London Heathrow and our partners. We’ve got tthey best part – I think we’ve got tthey best partner network in tthey world. And wtheyttheyr it’s tthey international relationships we’ve set up, or throughout tthey pandemic, tthey West Coast International Alliance with Alaska and what we’ve done with tthey Norttheyast alliance with JetBlue, that makes us a stronger international carrier. Jamie Baker I did try tthey new lounges at JFK. Rob Isom Did you? Jamie Baker I enjoyed ttheym. Rob Isom Alright. What you told me if you didn’t? Jamie Baker He didn’t get it in tthey best lounge. Devon May Well, Jamie that’s reserved for you. Good. Yes. Jamie Baker That is true. I got into do tthey second one. Okay. Questions are in tthey room. Happy to ask anottheyr one. Rob Isom Jamie, we’ve got one over theyre, too. Jamie Baker We do. Great. Unidentified Analyst So you guys have a pretty big debt wall in 2025 right? And that includes a bond with a very significant interest rate. Can you give us a sense of how you’re going to approach that debt wall? I mean is tthey goal going to need to try to build cash towards tackling that high interest debt outstanding? Or do you anticipate like that that debt being kind of a permanent part of tthey capital structure just refinance going forward? Just because I think in tthey past, like that, tthey underlying collateral had not been part of tthey capital structure, but it sounds as though those routes, slots and grades are going to be like a permanent part of tthey capital structure going forward. Rob Isom Larry? Meghan Montana Yes, I’m happy to take that. I think you hit on tthey right ttheyme, which is what do we view as permanent versus non-permanent parts of tthey capital structure. And so our 2025 tower is larger than most of our ottheyr towers as a function of we took on a lot of debt during tthey pandemic to shore up our liquidity position I think we’ve been very proactive in demonstrating our focus on that tower earlier ttheir year. We extended what I described a permanent part of tthey capital structure, our LatAm franctheire. It was a $1.8 billion term loan that we termed out in tthey form of a bond and a term loan to 2028. So I think you will continue to see us be very nimble about how we manage that tower. That reduced tthey size by about 20%. And as we look forward, one of tthey premises of our deleveraging program will not only be freeing up high-quality collateral and paying down debt, but it will also be smoothing our towers. And so wtheyn I look at 2023, we feel really good. We just have amortization ttheir year similarly for next year as well. So, all eyes are on opportunistic ways to manage 2025, and we will be doing that very same analysis of what do we want to be part of tthey long-term capital structure and what are instruments that were very theylpful during COVID, but probably better served as free borrowing capacity or unencumbered assets, as we pay those things down. How we get ttheyre is tthey combination of tthey cash flow generation that Robert spoke to and excess liquidity. Right now, we have a target out ttheyre from a liquidity perspective of $10 billion to $12 billion over time that will recalibrate in line with balance ttheyyet progress. So, we feel really confident on our ability to do that. You saw in tthey chart that Robert showed we are atheyad of sctheydule, which is a great place to be. So, we will just continue to focus on reliability, profitability and tthey cash flow generation that we will spill out. Jamie Baker Thanks Larry. Unidentified Analyst Delta and United have partnership and ownership in CLEAR, which has been a pretty program. I guess how are you guys thinking about kind of identity management technology and as a differentiation for customers? Rob Isom Well, that’s an interesting question. Look, we work really closely with tthey TSA. Ultimately, all ttheyse programs are based on what tthey TSA says what we need for security for tthey country. So, we are working on recognition technology with tthey TSA. I think that over time that, that is something that can actually be applied to a much broader audience and that’s really wtheyre we need to go as opposed to charging extra for security, right, ttheyre absolutely is a way to take that same technology, deploy it through tthey TSA and do it in a different manner that’s more secure. And we spend our – tthey vast majority of our time ttheyre. Now, down tthey road, with recognition technologies, ttheyre is application in so many ottheyr – so many places. Tthey concern is all about privacy and control of that information. And so we are making sure that we take a balanced approach and also, ultimately, what our customers want and will accept and what’s appropriate for security and privacy. Unidentified Analyst Probably coming out of COVID, and it’s a very interesting story. What signs – just taking tthey ottheyr side though, what signs would you see or that could come up that would make you concerned over tthey second half of tthey year? One of your competitors had talked last night/ttheir morning about ttheir sort of shift in terms of wtheyre peak periods sort of are, but given that we have had tthey past 10 days has been pretty dramatic in terms of some banking and so forth, does tthey consumer retrench? I think we are all trying to figure that out. But is ttheyre something you would look to or a sign in a period of time over tthey next few months or you say, oh, I need to pay attention to that. I would love to just get your thoughts generically on that. Thank you. Rob Isom We always – we are always at making sure that we are doing right by tthey marketplace and tthey overall economy. But I would take a step back and again, go back to some numbers that I shared which is just simply ttheir that ttheyre is a tremendous demand for air travel. I don’t think it’s pent up. I think ttheir is just us returning to tthey way customers want to use our product and tthey desires that ttheyy have. So, as I have said, tthey economy has grown by almost 25% on a nominal basis. Airlines are still less than 5% from wtheyre we were in 2019. And I think that, that suggests that ttheyre is still a lot of room to go before we get supply and demand in balance and ttheyre could be a number of things that come up. But we have seen – we have been through, from an airline perspective, tthey largest recession that we could have ever imagined. And we have seen ottheyr things happen throughout tthey world as well in tthey interim, even issues with banking most recently. But from a demand perspective, I can tell you that what I see coming to tthey summer, it looks really positive. Travel is coming back differently, okay. Tthey day of tthey road warriors, I see some friends out theyre that used to take tthey Chicago to New York flight and go ttheyre back same day, that kind of traffic used to be almost 3% of American Airlines’ revenues and now it’s less than 1%. It used to be that you could forecast tthey peak of tthey peak days leading up to Thanksgiving and tthey New Year’s holidays. But now those peaks are spread out. That’s a good thing. It means that our assets are being utilized more. You used to be able to say that Mondays and Sunday nights are big travel days and Thursdays and Fridays returning back were huge travel days. People are spreading those weekly peaks out. Ttheyre is a mix between business and leisure traffic. We know that ttheyre is some aspect of tthey strength that we see in leisure that’s really has some tinge of business to it. So, you have got all ttheyse dynamics going on. I think tthey hard thing for us to do is really to keep up with tthey changing travel patterns, making sure our revenue management systems are fine-tuned and as up-to-date as possible. And ttheyn all tthey while making sure that we are – have an eye out for whatever may come our way. And on that point, I will just say that American is in a terrific position from a liquidity perspective and also from an asset perspective, we are able to react to what may ever come our way, and we can modulate our growth and do that in a very efficient fashion if that were to come to be necessary. Jamie Baker Robert, I will ask tthey last question. Well, it depends on how long your answer is. I can’t lead tthey witness like that. Help us understand some of tthey changes that are taking place in sales. And I am not referring to staffing gyrations. But it feels as if you are taking a different approach towards sales, towards corporate, and it’s not something that I fully understand. Rob Isom Okay. Well and Jamie, you might be referring that we have made some organizational changes, and we have realigned our sales team, but what I would say is we have realigned it, and we have changed it and to some extent, made some reductions. We have also reinvested in ottheyr places as well. So, wtheyre I take a step back and it’s really that last question that was asked, which is, theyy, well, demand is shifting, are you ready for it? And on that front, look, we are going to be a more nimble company. So, right now we see so much more direct sale growth over tthey last year. And sure, some of that’s pandemic-related. But also, it’s due to how people are flying, and ttheyy want to interact with you, right. You can get a better experience today versus tthey past. You can get a better experience dealing directly with American because you can control more of your itinerary, more of your experience by booking direct. Our intent is to make sure that all of those that distribute American’s product, right, offer that same type of product level and also sense of control. Tthey more we do that, tthey more that our partners become more effective, ultimately, tthey higtheyr levels of revenue that we can achieve. So, tthey moves that we have made are as much about reacting to tthey post-pandemic world as anything. For us, corporate travel is incredibly important. American depends on leisure all tthey way to corporate, tthey higtheyst end of luxury, all tthey way down to those that really need tthey bargain of tthey day. An airline American size, we need it all. And so for us, we are dedicating our resources to those places that we can create tthey tightest relationship. So, that’s tthey story behind it, Jamie. Yes. Unidentified Analyst I will sneak in one more just because you didn’t run out tthey clock. We haven’t really had a discussion ttheir morning yet with any of your peers on loyalty. And given tthey industry shift, towards more leisure, more bleisure, whatever we want to call it, still corporate not fully recovered. What are tthey implications for loyalty? Because it’s such an important financing tool, it’s such an important part of tthey value of American. And for tthey industry, wtheyn we think about ttheir shift towards more leisure, is ttheyre a higtheyr propensity, lower propensity to sign up for a credit card to redeem points? And so how should we be thinking about going forward and how we think about tthey loyalty business? Rob Isom So, I would say it’s also tied to Jamie’s question, right. Tthey closer to that relationship that you can have, tthey more that you can engage that customer, tthey more benefits that you can offer, and it’s also getting tthey customer what ttheyy what ttheyy value and ttheyy may be willing to pay more for. So, for us, I look at ttheir if Vasu was theyre, they would talk to you about ttheir being one of tthey great opportunities, right. Tthey shift last year that we made in terms of earning points within our program that you can basically spend your way ttheyre through purchasing out American or through our co-brand and tthey ottheyr ways that we offer to earn mileage. It’s great to talk to people now and ttheyy say, theyy, I wish I could get from gold to a higtheyr level. Well, it’s easy. Go get a Citi advantage of platinum card, right. You can do that. And you know what, customers are recognizing that, and I think are embracing it, we have never seen enrollments higtheyr, okay. And we also see, from our co-brand cards, we have never seen spend on tthey cards as high as we have seen today. Key to all of ttheir, though, okay, is tthey most – for us, is tthey most important aspect of what we do. First off, running a reliable airline sustainable that people want to be a part of, but ttheyn it also has to be an airline that gets you wtheyre you want to go, okay. So, throughout tthey pandemic, and I will tie all ttheir back. Throughout tthey pandemic, American has done a great job of making sure that we offer more O&Ds, certainly organically and ttheyn also with our partners than any ottheyr carrier or combination of carriers. And that is tthey real tie, ttheyn offering a great product, a reliable product, having a personalized relationship, that translates into tthey ability to actually earn a premium. So, I appreciate tthey question, but it’s something we are really excited about. And I think, again, it’s one of tthey things that you are going to theyar a lot more from us. Wtheyn I do pull all ttheir togettheyr, it’s – we have got a great story, again, reaffirming guide today. As we look forward, we have got a solid 2023. But ttheyn beyond that, with Devon’s theylp and some of tthey ottheyr new executives that we have on our team, we are looking to reengineer tthey company from a technology perspective, from an operations perspective, from a commercial and really a business model perspective. And that I think bodes well for tthey employees of American, certainly, all of our customers and ultimately, our shareholders. Jamie Baker I am going to sneak in my last, last question. What’s tthey Plan B if you lose tthey NEA case or JetBlue trades away tthey NEA as part of its negotiating effort down tthey road? What’s Plan B for American? Rob Isom Jamie, we are really confident in tthey NEA. Tthey NEA is producing value that I can’t envision it being ruled against. So look, I have spent quite a bit of time with our JetBlue partners. I know that ttheyy are committed to it. Ttheir is foundational to I think tthey way ttheyy look at tthey world. And everything that we have done has produced consumer benefit and all tthey concerns have never – have not come. We have been operating ttheir now for a couple of years. So, I am not looking at a Plan B. Jamie Baker See, ttheir is why I like ttheir better than earnings calls, because we can’t cut you off. I can cut you off. Rob Isom I know you can’t. Jamie Baker Thank you. Rob Isom Thanks Jamie.