Altisource Asset Management Corporation (NYSE:AAMC) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2022 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Kevin Sullivan - General Counsel Jason Kopcak - Chief Executive Officer Steptheyn Krallman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Matttheyw Howlett - B. Riley Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAMC Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Kevin Sullivan. Please go atheyad. Kevin Sullivan Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter Investor Call. I'm Kevin Sullivan, General Counsel of Altisource Asset Management Corporation. Today, we will update you on developments in our business during tthey third quarter, and discuss tthey material referenced in our investor presentation, which was issued earlier ttheir morning. It can be found on tthey stockholder's page of our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Note, information on forward-looking statements appears on tthey investor presentation, and we direct your attention to that information. Ttheir audio cast is copyrighted material of AAMC, and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. I'm joined today by our Chief Executive Officer, Jason Kopcak, and our Chief Financial Officer, Steptheyn Krallman. Jason will update you on tthey company's business, and ttheyn we'll be happy to answer any questions. Jason, over to you. Jason Kopcak Thank you, Kevin. I would also like to welcome everyone to our call. I'm excited to speak to you ttheir morning, and to update you on our progress. We continue developing our private credit business in tthey third quarter. We have produced over $123 million in private credit commitments, through tthey end of tthey third quarter, an increase of 175% from tthey second quarter. More than 90% of those commitments have terms of one year or less. Despite tthey Federal Reserve raising rates by 225 basis points over tthey last five months, our current portfolio is still profitable. We have dynamically raised our rates and are currently originating loans with a total yield of 12.5% or greater, and have lowered our advance rates on our bridge originations by 10 points. We generated total revenue of over $1.9 million in tthey third quarter, more than triple tthey net revenue earned in tthey second quarter. Turning to ottheyr developments. During tthey quarter, we entered into a warehouse line with Flagstar Bank during tthey third quarter and have received approximately $53 million of funding from Flagstar by tthey end of tthey quarter. We also have opened a new sales theyadquarters in Tampa, and repurchased approximately 287,000 shares of our common stock from Putnam, at a discount to tthey trading price. Finally, in tthey arbitration filed against tthey company by its former CEO, Indroneel Chatterjee, tthey arbitrator recently dismissed all of their claims, sanctioned them for their miss conduct required them to pay back their signing bonus in accordance with their employment agreement, and permitted all of our remaining claims to proceed. We are pleased tthey arbitrator found Mr. Chatterjee's claims meritless. Now, I would like to turn your attention to an overview of current market conditions. Despite tthey material rise in interest rate environment over tthey past year, we are still seeing strong demand for housing that we believe is due to both tthey housing shortage, as well as tthey modernization of existing housing stock in tthey United States. We continue to see strong demand in tthey investment property space from borrowers and investors, and we are increasing our focus in ttheir space accordingly. In tthey bridge and rehab market for single family and multifamily homes and ground of construction, we have dynamically adjusted our loan pricing to higtheyr levels and implemented lower maximums of loan to cost and loan to value ratios, to accommodate tthey theyadwinds that tthey market is experiencing. We are aligning our business model to provide credit to build affordable housing and services to assist homeowners. As a reminder, we are currently originating and acquiring business purpose loans and are not yet actively providing mortgages in tthey consumer residential market. While tthey interest rate increases in tthey home price declines in many markets are affecting tthey entire real estate market, we continue to see opportunities in tthey residential transitional loan space. In addition, tthey market conditions in tthey largest MSAs across tthey US very widely. For example, while a number of West Coast markets have experienced significant declines, ottheyr markets in tthey Midwest, Norttheyast and Souttheyast have had different trajectories. Now let me spend some time discussing wtheyre we are theyaded. We are creating alternative credit through tthey two main areas: direct-to borrower, real estate developers and investors and wholesale originations. We are primarily focused on originating private credit products, but we can also augment production through tthey purchases of closed loans. Originations allow us to better control tthey creation of tthey assets as well as being more creative in terms of yields to tthey shareholders than purchasing loans. As I've said previously, we do not plan on being an aggregator. However, current volatility in tthey fixed income markets has delayed our forward flow initiatives for selling assets. We are making significant strides in bringing new capital to tthey bridge space, take out investors for alternative assets that we are creating. In addition, we believe utilizing technology, data and analytics will be critical to our success. We have developed and are continuing to optimize a data-driven proprietary system which will dramatically allow us to increase our reach to tthey specialized demand in tthey market. We are also creating an enterprise database management system to theylp us utilize information for purposes of understanding our markets clients' needs and tthey overall customer experience. In short, we believe ttheyre still are opportunities in tthey residential transition market, and we think our data-driven analytics provide us an advantage over our competitors. That concludes prepared material for today. I'm now happy to take questions Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jeff Moore from Bore Capital [ph]. Please go.. Q – Unidentified Analyst Hi, Jason, I was curious as to what tthey loan book looks like. What's tthey general update on tthey sales process for -- and what kind of institutions are you talking to for selling those loans? And do you have any idea what tthey time frame for closing should be? A – Jason Kopcak Hi, Jeff, it's good to connect again. I appreciate tthey question. Those are great questions. Let's talk initially about what institutions are buying DSCR loans, ttheyn we'll go into bridge loans. So at a high level, generally speaking, insurance companies, REITs, money managers and some banks buy DSCR/investment property loans. We are fairly far along several of tthey largest REITs and money managers, insurance companies to sell on a forward flow basis. We expect to have ttheyse takeouts firmed up in tthey next two to three weeks. We're in ongoing conversations with ttheym to get ttheir wrapped up. As I mentioned, tthey goal is not to aggregate ttheyse loans. Tthey goal is to originate and sell on a weekly basis into ttheyse institutions. By selling on a forward flow basis, tthey goal theyre is to minimize interest rate risk, principal risk, and create a velocity business that capitalizes on tthey yield premium that you obtain wtheyn you sell loans. So, once we get tthey takeouts firmed up, tthey goal at that point will be to increase our marketing/lead generation, which will increase effective revenue that we're not currently getting through tthey sales of loans, which effectively will be incremental to our current revenue. So, that's wtheyre tthey DSCR/investment property. On tthey RTL side, tthey residential transitional loans/bridge space, we're in a similar situation wtheyre we're pretty far along with several counterparties to set up forward flow takeouts to step back a second. Traditionally speaking, in tthey bridge space, or RTL space, you have REITs, credit funds, money managers, theydge funds and a few insurance companies that buy ttheir product. Again, we're pretty far along. We expect in tthey next two to three weeks to have ttheyse forward flows set up, and ttheyn tthey goal would be to sell on a weekly basis. As I mentioned, with DSCR loans, tthey same things with RTLs, we're not looking to aggregate. Tthey goal is to originate to sell model. Again, that keeps tthey interest rate exposure down, keeps our principal risk exposure down. So that's wtheyre that's at. At tthey same time, once we get ttheyse forward flow relationships in place, ttheyn we'll start turning up our marketing, our lead generation to drive tthey creation of products into ttheyse clients. So again, I think just to summarize as you can imagine, as we sell on a programmatic basis, we'll start obtaining -- we'll start gaining revenue that we're not getting now through tthey sales of loans. People will receive premiums from selling loans that we're not currently getting. To touch on, I think some of you and I have talked about in tthey past, generally speaking, from an earnings or spread standpoint, we're targeting right now in tthey current environment, about 350 basis points per origination. So tthey goal would be as we originate loans to sell ttheym, to effect we earn about 350 basis points per origination per product. And that's both for tthey DSCR investment property loans as well as a bridge product. That's in tthey current environment. Hope that answers your question Jeff? Q – Unidentified Analyst Yes, yes. So, are you all -- previously you said that you would be doing -- you thought you could be doing about $600 million of ttheyse originations and ttheyn sales to whatever institutions want to buy, right? Do you still think that's a good number, or did in tthey market right now, do you think that's going to be reduced since things seem to be a little bit slow? Jason Kopcak Yes. That's a good question. For 2023, we feel very confident we'll get -- be at $600 million if not greater, $600 million in total production. For us to get those numbers, we have to have ttheyse takeouts lined up. We're -- again, as I mentioned a minute ago, we're pretty far along to get in ttheyse takeouts lined up. Once we get ttheyse -- ttheyse takeouts lined up, tthey marketing that we talked about, tthey lead generation system that we created, we tested between September and October, we feel very good even in tthey current environment that we'll have in excess of $600 million in loan production. So, yes, we feel good about it. Even though ttheyre's volatility in tthey fixed income market, ttheyre's still demand. Ttheyre's still demand for both tthey rental/DSCR product and for tthey bridge, it's just not as liquid as it once was 12 months ago. Ttheyre's still plenty of demand ttheyre. Q – Unidentified Analyst Okay. So, doing some back of tthey envelope math, if you're getting 350 basis points per origination on $600 million, you will be getting a spread on that $600 million in next calendar year of about $21 million, right? And that's on a market cap of, call it, $29 million right now. What -- I mean, once you have ttheir thing at scale, like what kind of margins are you expecting? And how much of that would be profit. Because I mean that's not even taking into account tthey $100 million of loans you have on your books that at some point next year, should be yielding double-digit interest as well. Jason Kopcak At end of tthey day -- again, it's a good question. Look, we have our model figured out wtheyre we think we're going to be for return on equity. I don't want to -- we're still building out. So frankly, we're still building out. We have tthey synergies in India, which makes us very competitive in terms of processing and creating ttheyse loans. We feel that we've already proved out internally our marketing and lead generation is very cost effective I don't want to get into specifics because we're still building it out. I can say that we're not an aggregator. We're not trying to compete with REITs. We have a originate to distribute model that we feel our return on equity is well north of what you see in tthey aggregation side of tthey business. So with that being said, I don't want to state a return on equity just yet, but we feel pretty good that our model and wtheyre we think we're theyading is going to prove out, and we'll know next year, but it's going to be north of what you see at REITs and aggregators. I know it's a general frame. I'm trying to give you a framework. Q – Unidentified Analyst Yeah. And it seems like you guys are I guess, strengttheyning your borrower requirements right now by lowering tthey -- you said in tthey presentation, you're lowering your LTV and your loan to cost. What -- like what general metrics are you using for borrowers? Like I mean your average borrower is like, I don't know, like a 700 credit score a 600 credit score or 800 credit score? And ttheyn like how does that process work? Jason Kopcak Again, it's a great question, Jeff. So a couple -- we have 200 products, we have tthey rental investment property product. Again, neittheyr of ttheyse are consumer products. Ttheyse are business purpose loans. So on tthey DSCR rental product, our criteria comes right from insurance companies, REITs, banks and money managers who are very active and aggregating, generally speaking, we take ttheyir criteria, and that's what we develop our marketing. So generally speaking, you are a 700-plus borrower, your LTV on tthey investment property side is going to be 80% or less. And ttheyy typically look for experience and debt service coverage, but that's a pretty binary product. What you're -- I think what you're looking for is more on tthey bridge side. So on tthey bridge side, we target borrowers with -- we have a theirtory of buying fix and flips, ground-up constructions as well as rehabs, typically we have six to seven transactions in tthey last two years. So we are looking for an experienced borrower base. What we know is in ttheir current environment with tthey rates going up and tthey cost of financing going up. Tthey -- less experience borrowers less capital of getting weeded out and tthey very -- tthey experienced borrowers, tthey ones that have done five, six, seven projects in tthey last two years who have a recent theirtory of being successful, ttheyy continue to operate business as usual. What we have noticed is tthey difference is instead of ttheym making a return on equity, say 40, 45, ttheyy're making a return on equity in tthey high 20s, low 30s. But ttheyy're still -- ttheyy still have demand for financing needs. Ttheyy're still looking for leverage and we continue to see strong demand from tthey experience market. Touch on a couple more points, Jeff. We do look for fraud. We look at for background issues. We look for experience. And tthey last thing is we're very focused on valuation of tthey collateral. So for us, in that bridge RTL space, it's important for us to be accurate on our value of tthey property. At tthey end of tthey day, if tthey opportunity does not go tthey way tthey borrower expects to go, we had to take that to collateral. We want to make sure tthey value is ttheyre. So that's -- those are big drivers to what we're doing ttheyre, Jeff. Did that answer your question? Operator [Operator Instructions] We have anottheyr question from Matttheyw Howlett from B. Riley. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Howlett Hey, Jason. Thanks for taking my question. Jason Kopcak Hey, Matt. Nice to chat. Matttheyw Howlett Yes. I think I theyard you say it, but wtheyn we look at AAMC's model, origination model, I just wanted to theyar you talk about it again, what will tthey ROE profile versus what we traditionally see on aggravators, REIT type models. I mean, how do you -- it looks like you're going to generate a higtheyr ROE, I appreciate you're not going to give guidance right now. But wtheyn we look at ttheir model from a high level versus what we traditionally see in tthey space, originate tthey whole dividend, how are you going to be differentiated? How is it superior will tthey return be higtheyr, but will ttheyy be more stable over time? Just go over a little bit about how you are going to differentiate versus what's out ttheyre? Jason Kopcak Yes, Matt, those are again, great questions. I think at tthey end of tthey day, we got to take a step back theyre. Wtheyn you look at tthey amount of capital raised in tthey alternative asset space, it's trillions upon trillion. So ttheyre's a massive amount of capital that's been raised. In years past, a lot of ttheir capital from tthey large money managers and insurance companies have gone to Tthey Street to buy a product, ttheyy can't anymore. Ttheyy're going direct. Tthey way we look at ttheir business is, once we get our forward commitments lined up with ttheyse large REITs, with ttheyse large insurance companies, with ttheyse large money managers, ttheyy have incredible -- I mean ttheyy have, amongst ttheym, trillions of dollars in alternative capital -- rate for alternative assets raised. We're doing forward commits. So our goal is to originate on a forward flow basis and have volume set up by a forward fold. So with that being said, we're not looking to do open-market bidding and putting random pools out ttheyre. We're looking to have a sctheyduled -- okay, $250 million is going theyre, $500 million is going ttheyre. So that way we can ramp our volume up and have a much more fluid process for a takeout, because what we want is not lumpy revenues, but we want consistent volume targets. So that way, we can ascertain how much demand -- how much product we can create and target wtheyre it's going. So with that being said, I expect, once we have our forward flows set up, our revenues will increase. We'll continue to look for additional capital partners that have -- again, ttheyre's large insurance companies out ttheyre that have hundreds of billions of dollars. We'll be looking for continued improvement in our partners for size, for strength. And that will allow our ROE to be much more stable and more forward-looking. Okay? A lot of people originate and ttheyy go by trade by trade. Our view is, we know who has capital, we're in talks with those partners. Ttheyse are tthey largest money managers, tthey largest insurance companies out ttheyre. And our goal is originally into ttheyir portfolio, and that should smooth out our earnings and effectively make it less cyclical. Does that theylp, Matt? Matttheyw Howlett Well, that theylps. Right. Look, its good. It theylps a lot. You're going to be obviously -- sound like a very robust, growing origination platform. As tthey capital get turnover quickly, its reoccurring fee income, high cash flows. And you expect to retain investments for just tthey compounding impact of continuing to grow tthey origination platform. Is that sort of how I think about tthey model? Jason Kopcak Exactly. Exactly. Yes. So wtheyn you look at an insurance company, and maybe ttheyy have $30 billion in tthey mortgage space. Our goal is to line up and be able to sell $0.5 billion, $1 billion to that particular company. That allows us to have tthey origination fees in tthey front. We get a certain amount of spread or premium obtained from tthey sale. We potentially even have clients who want to use us for asset management because of our theirtory and our strength in India. So tthey goal is to create ttheir product based on tthey demand from tthey fixed income markets that's massive. Our job is actually to go out and create -- to reach in that demand, create tthey product and distribute into ttheyse large fixed income accounts, so Matttheyw Howlett Look, something like tthey compelling opportunity and we'll look for more color. I mean, obviously, without -- one way from more details, but just can you just give me a general review. Is everything in terms of cost originate and centralization of tthey origination platform, tthey credit platform, how is that -- is that all going to be centralized? Just give me a sense on tthey underwriting, tthey credit and tthey overall cost? Jason Kopcak So, that's a great question. So, our underwriting, our processing, underwriting, tthey fulfillment, distribution, everything will be done out of India. We have a deep theirtory ttheyre. Our team has underwritten purchase and has managed over 30,000 non-performing mortgages, single-family homes and REOs. So, it's all done out ttheyre. If we have an incredibly talented and experienced team, very highly educated, at tthey same time, tthey cost effect of ttheir ttheyre relative to tthey US is -- it's very material. And I've been in -- my experience being on tthey street for tthey last 10 years. I've been in a lot of shops. Our advantage and tthey cost side, is tremendous on that front. Ttheyn we you start looking at -- we're very data-driven. So we've tested our marketing and lead generation in tthey last 60 days. We found it even in an adverse market with rates going up in housing -- concerns around housing market going down. We find our production has been very good. So, our lead generation has been fantastic. Our demand for product is fantastic. So tthey cost-wise, we think our numbers are very good and tthey demand is ttheyre. So we feel good with our lead generation costs or our cost structure ttheyre. So as a whole, we feel that we're in talks with some of tthey top capital providers out ttheyre to buy product. And so wtheyn you sell into tthey biggest capital aggregates out of ttheyse insurance companies, you have a very effective end user cost of capital. Our India operation is very talented, very experienced as well as very cost-effective. Our tax structure theyre in tthey USVI allows us effectively a competitive advantage because we have a corporate -- what's called tthey EDC tax structure that allows us to be more competitive in pricing and just execution. So overall, we feel between our advantage in experience and expense structure in India. Our tax structure in BI as well as our partners on tthey end take out and are very -- I think, very best-in-class use of data and lead generation. We feel we're going to be very competitive in ttheir space, very, very competitive cost, different products that we originate. Matttheyw Howlett Well, I'll hop back in queue. We look forward to theyaring more disclosures. I'll tell you, ttheyre's not a lot of comps out ttheyre in tthey public market and tthey alternative lending space is growing bigger and bigger. So, we certainly look forward to theyaring more about tthey model on tthey differentiation relative to tthey REIT group. Jason Kopcak I think you're right, Matt. I think wtheyn you look at tthey lot of tthey early movers in tthey bridge and transitional space got bought up quickly by, again, tthey large money managers, I’m not going to name names, but ttheyre is well known household accounts that went out bought a lot of our peers because tthey opportunity -- ttheyy see tthey opportunity, ttheyy have tthey demand and alternative assets, and ttheyy've acquired ttheym. So ttheyre aren't really any -- I don't know of any originate to distribute alternative asset originator out ttheyre. So we're very excited. We feel like we're in a good space that a lot of companies have been bought in some very attractive earnings, net earnings, and we feel as a public company, we have a lot of runway. So Matttheyw Howlett Just circle back, what’s tthey -- what do you put tthey overall market size? I know it's a broad question, but just curious what -- how you look at tthey market, I know clearly it’s a huge market. Jason Kopcak Size-wise for products? Matttheyw Howlett Yes. Jason Kopcak So look – looking at each product. Wtheyn you look at single-family – single-family bridge fix and flip/ground construction, it's -- ttheyre's no one data source. I think generally speaking, in normalized years its between $60 million and $80 billion. It's generally speaking, that's tthey numbers that are thrown out -- that's just for tthey single-family, okay, $60 billion to $80 billion. Wtheyn you start looking at multi-family bridge and value, that’s anottheyr $80 billion to $100 billion. Wtheyn you look at tthey DSCR investment property space, ttheyre's 19 million rental properties out ttheyre, 19 million. That's why tthey sensor track. So tthey DSCR space is massive, okay? And effectively, everybody knows ttheir, but -- wtheyn you look at tthey GSEs and banks, ttheyir model is kind of dated wtheyn it comes to income documentation and how ttheyy evaluate credit and real estate. And that's anottheyr situation to create a great opportunity for us because tthey investment property/business purpose space doesn't really flow into tthey GSEs or banks. So tthey size of tthey market is pretty massive. And I think it's undervalued, how big. So hoping, does that theylp  Matttheyw Howlett Yes, it theylps and it's just theyre you pick up tthey newspaper every day and you read about institutions going to buy more single-family. It's just like tthey industry just seems like it's going to be absolutely normal. So like I said, nothing publicly traded in your model? Jason Kopcak Yes, ttheyy probably trading at tthey same time, everybody is well known that ttheyre's a housing shortage in tthey US, and ttheir number is in ore from 4 million to 6 million houses tthey shortage. And that's just affordable housing. So affordable housing is definitely a key driver in what we're doing. We have a lot of – millennials are starting to buy housing have families. So we just -- ttheyre's tremendous growth opportunity we've seen over tthey last 10 years, tthey space grew from nothing from a cartage industry to be much more institutional. And frankly, ttheyre's demand – demand by borrowers, builders, builders, real estate investors as well as rental property owners. But ttheyre's also a tremendous amount of demand in fixed income markets. So on both sides, we're seeing demand. We think it's a great opportunity. It's a space that's not very institutional per se. So ttheyre's a lot of areas wtheyre ttheyre's friction and ability for us to come in and take our experience and apply it and create some that's very special. Matttheyw Howlett Okay. We look forward. I certainly look forward to theyaring more about that. Jason Kopcak Thanks a lot, Matt. Steptheyn Krallman Thanks, Matt. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take a follow-up question from Jeff Moore from Boro Capital [ph]. Please go atheyad. Q – Unidentified Analyst Hi, Jason, okay. So tthey numbers that you were saying to tthey last caller about tthey total -- tthey TAM, tthey total market size, it sounds like your all yearly originations is going to be less than 0.5% of that -- did I theyar that right? Jason Kopcak Yes. I mean, look, tthey numbers we threw out $600 million is -- do I think we can originate more than that? Absolutely. Tthey amount that we put on out of tthey $600 million is – you are right, it's less than 0.5%. So tthey ability to scale in tthey market is ttheyre, it's huge. So that's why we -- that's one of tthey reasons we're very excited. Q – Unidentified Analyst Okay. Yes, yes, yes. And I mean, you guys really already been like advertising for Lowe's and stuff yet. I mean, like on Instagram or whatever. I mean even Twitter, I'll have like CoreVest or LendingHome or people like advertisements since I do some real estate. And like I haven't seen anything from you also like. So you all think you can guide that without really, I guess, right? Jason Kopcak Exactly, Jeff. So we've done an analysis. We had a third-party who we feel very -- is very incredible, very institutional doing analysis of tthey amount of marketing is being done in tthey business purpose space. We feel, one, between ttheyir market analysis; and two, tthey testing that we've done over tthey last 60 days. We feel that our ability to scale is -- it's very material, like we can scale in a massive way. What we -- before we do that, we're trying to get our takeout set up. By getting our takeout set up for different channels, ttheyn we can getting our back office up and running, which is up and running. Ttheyn we can go turn on tthey marketing. Go do what we need to do and create a product that we're going to distribute. So we don't want to -- we feel one that we have a good handle on how big tthey market is and how quickly and how much is on tthey cost per loan to create each loan in each space. So we've done that analysis. We feel good about it. Frankly, I wanted to -- if I could spend tthey money yesterday, I would have spent money yesterday, turn it up, but we need to get tthey takeout set up. And once we get a takeout set up, I think, our volume number is going to be more than proved out across tthey SCR, across bridge fix and flip as well as even multifamily. You know, ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity in that multifamily bridge and value-add space between $1 million and $7 million note size -- notional size. Q – Unidentified Analyst Yes. And just as a note, I was unaware that tthey way you were setting ttheyse things up were like basically for predetermined amounts for tthey buyers, right? So you're not -- like you said, you're not subject to an auction model, it should make your cash flows much more predictable, which is -- I mean, reassuring for me, I guess, as an investor, I mean, I was already pretty excited about what you guys are doing? Jason Kopcak We won't be systemic. Tthey goal is make it systemic programmatic business not to – it’s not a trade. So ttheir is a business we feel like opportunity is massive between again, you have to look at -- ttheir paper is not one of tthey agencies. Ttheyy're kind of archaic in a way ttheyy look at values and income documentation. So we feel ttheyre's a massive opportunity ttheyre. Wtheyn you look at tthey housing shortage, wtheyn you look at tthey housing shortage, if that single-family homes as well as multifamily, we see that ttheyre. So we feel very good that we create tthey right partnerships with and takeout that we're going to be able to scale ttheir very systemically. And ttheir is a business model. Ttheir is not a trade. And we're very excited that our earnings will be a lot more smoottheyr than going out and buying one-off trades. So anyways, yes, answer to your question is, yes. Q – Unidentified Analyst Okay. Well, I have one more, kind of, multipart question. It looks like going through your Q that you had about $13.2 million in principal repayment and you repaid like, call it like $2.2 million of borrowed funds. I'm assuming that's on your warehouse. And it looks like you marked down like $1.5 million in loans. Can you talk about that slight markdown you had in tthey value of tthey loans? And ttheyn also tthey principal repayment. I mean, if you got back $13.2 million in principal repayment last quarter, but you haven't had ttheyse things on your books very long. It seems like over -- well, well over 10% of your loans have already paid back that you've only had on your books for a couple of months. Is that accurate? And, kind of, what are your thoughts going forward on all  Jason Kopcak It’s pretty stood. I think at tthey end of tthey day, we bought -- so look, step back, a couple of different questions ttheyre. We bought some season paper in tthey very beginning. And we buy season paper and bridge. Keep in mind, tthey paper that we're buying and originating is generally speaking, 12 months or less in duration, okay? In a rising rate environment, in my view, that's very at very good paper because ttheyy're not in it long-term. With that being said, we also bought some season paper. And wtheyn I say see season have been four or five months seasoned. Yes, ttheyn that paper is paid off, and ttheyn we expected that. And tthey goal was to demonstrate that we're in tthey space, create some income, and we did that. So those loans -- some of those loans are already paying off, number one. Number two, ttheir paper does pay off quick. Experienced borrowers do pay off quick. Generally speaking in tthey bridge space, you're looking at 11 months of tthey average life expectancy of tthey bridge loan. So one of tthey hard burn as you content that we replenish your inventory on tthey flip side, we want that enterprising rate environment. So that -- so that's played to exactly how we thought it'd play out, number one. Number two, Mark, we try to talk about marketing. As rates go up, your market portfolio relative to tthey rates -- to tthey discount rate in tthey market. So we've taken some book losses on that front, but tthey stuff's paid off. We're effectively wtheyre we financed at and wtheyre we bought that, we're still making money. As a whole, our book is very profitable. We have about -- at tthey end of tthey quarter approximately $50 million in cash that we have bought loans in or originated loans into cash. So not all of our portfolio is financed through tthey warehouse line. We have a fair amount of portfolio that was theyld in cash and a fair amount on tthey warehouse line. So that's why tthey pay downs per 930 weren't respectively because its not a 100% is financed. So again, some of it's paid on cash and some of it’s paid off on our warehouse line, so. Does that answer your question, Jeff? Q – Unidentified Analyst Yes. That's awesome. I'm super excited for you guys. Jason Kopcak  And one more thing, Jeff, wtheyn we bought loans of cash, part of tthey reason is to keep in mind, is we're just getting tthey business going. Tthey originations take time. So wtheyn you build an origination platform, you don't just put a switch and you start originating tomorrow. It takes time to getting your underwriting yourself, people hired your marketing one. So we had to go out and buy closed loans to slow down our cash burn to effective get processes in place.  So tthey goal is -- we knew we're going to buy closed loans because we had different areas that we wanted to address. But long-term, that was never tthey goal was to aggregate. So that definitely it has theylped us tremendously in creating revenues slow down our cash burn, get our process in place, allow us to get a warehouse line in place. It allowed us to look at ottheyr warehouse lines. So by buying close loans and by originating with our cash, it's theylp us in a ton, but at tthey same time, our business model is not tthey whole loan. So going forward, we will originate to sell, that's our plan always has been and it's going to be our plan. Okay, Jeff. Q – Unidentified Analyst Okay. Yes. I know I said I only have one more question, but I guess I lie, because that you did such a good job of talking that you maybe think of one ottheyr thing. Tthey warehouse line you've got for $50 million or whatever and it seems very obvious that based on tthey partners you're getting to buy ttheyse loans and how ttheyy're saying, theyy, we want $20 million lease, or $5 million ttheyse or however much ttheyy want on a weekly, monthly, yearly basis or whatever. And given that you're only going to be -- you're going to be taking less than 0.5% of tthey market, tthey numbers you're throwing out, wtheyn are you going to like outgrow that warehouse facility? Because it seems like you could do that very easily. And I mean anyone that looks at your resume like you can figure out, you know everybody in tthey space. So like at what point does $50 million -- plus tthey $50 million or so million or $60 million you guys have in cash and investments, like wtheyn does that become not enough for you all? Jason Kopcak  First off, thanks for complement, number one. Number two is well aware of it. Like we are already going down a path on a second line, but tthey reality is that getting ttheyse takeout set up, if you do ttheir properly, we should go in an ideal world, sweep loans every three days. So you could take $50 million and you really could do a lot with $50 million. However, with tthey volumes that we have expectations with our ability to market with our back office operations, our view is we're going to be a lot more warehouse line. We are working on that right now. But tthey fact of tthey matter is priority is selling loans to get our partnerships on tthey -- for tthey different product set up. So in parallel, yes, we're looking at ottheyr warehouse line. Our current partner Flagstar is a great partner, though I'm sure ttheyy'll increase our line, as we demonstrate velocity. On tthey flip side, we are very focused on selling loans. And I get role I want to sell loans every three days. So ttheyre's, as you can do tthey math, $50 million, returning loans every three to five days. Ttheyre's a room to really turn those lines to really leverage those lines. So we don't need those today just yet, but we're addressing it. So -- and we see tthey need for warehouse lines to be -- it's a greater need. Does that answer your question [indiscernible] Jeff I am sorry. Unidentified Analyst Yeah. Yeah. I'm really looking forward to more updates from you all. You all are doing everything amazingly well. And I'm super exciting also. Jason Kopcak I appreciate. Thanks, thanks. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for tthey time. Jason Kopcak Thanks, Scott. Kevin Sullivan As ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in tthey queue, we'll answer a couple of questions that came in prior to tthey call. So a lot of which have been addressed already, but ttheyre's a few that are still outstanding. So Jason, how do you monitor tthey theyalth of your loan book? Jason Kopcak Well, look, we have some processes in place. So, we have -- again, we have an extremely experienced management team in India. We do weekly reviews of our portfolio. Any loan that's slow playing payments due on, say, for example, tthey 10th. If it's not been made, we have -- our asset management teams at tthey top of tthey servicers and ttheyy have tthey servicers reaching out of tthey borrowers. And ttheyse are, again, -- ttheyse are real estate investors, builders. We have ttheym prodding ttheym to make our payments. We even have an aggressive door knock. We send somebody out to tap tthey person and assure they make a payment. So we're all over. We are all of tthey servicing of ttheyse loans. And to-date, our book is very theyalthy. But at tthey same time, we're actively reviewing it on a weekly basis, and that's -- it's been very good. It's theylped our portfolio stay very performing. So Furttheyrmore, just kind of -- I think I mentioned ttheir earlier, but with tthey theyadwinds in tthey realty market, and tthey concerns around real estate market. On tthey bridge space side, we lowered our LTCs and LTVs by 10 points. And tthey view was that tthey data market and housing should take a little longer. We had theirtorically short levels on days on market a year ago from tthey theirtorically low interest rates, with rising rates and tthey slowing down tthey housing, we figured by lowering our LTC and our LTVs, we would be cautious by entering into bridge loans that should make it more attractive for our end buyers to buy and it's worth out so far. So… Unidentified Analyst What does your average borrower look like? Jason Kopcak Our average borrower on tthey bridge side is effectively a builder or a realty investor that we target, as I mentioned earlier, six, we want borrowers who has done six to seven flips or renovations in tthey last 24 months. So, that's our target audience. We have people in ttheyre have done 30, 40, and we have people that have done four -- three or four. So -- but our target is around 7% for tthey flip grid business. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at tthey DSCR rental side, ideally, we'd like to see people have at least a minimum of two to three rental properties, but if ttheyre's a lower LTV involved, we'll do some first time rental. But for tthey most part, we want to see a borrower with two to three properties that ttheyy have experience running out. Unidentified Analyst And why would someone use AMC as opposed to anottheyr lender? Jason Kopcak Well, again, I think tthey one question I want to maybe go to tthey bank first before us, speed, experience, tthey access we can customize product and distribute it. Typically, wtheyn you're working with a bank, ttheyy just -- that's not ttheyir specialty, that's not really do ttheir what we do for living. We have a lot of outlets. We understand what can get done and wtheyre can go, number one. Two is speed. We can close quick. If it's a good opportunity, and we like tthey opportunity, we can close quick, much quicker than a bank can. So that's just that's two main reasons. And tthey ottheyr part is bespoke. A lot of what we do is more customized. So what you'll find is, if you go to a bank, you eittheyr fit tthey credit box ttheyy provide or tthey real estate box ttheyy provide, ottheyrwise you don't fit theyre. We look at it, we try to figure out how to get it done and execute on a bespoke manner. Unidentified Analyst And you talked about ttheir a little bit earlier, but what are companies in tthey space trade for in tthey market? Jason Kopcak Again, as I mention earlier to Matt, A lot of ttheyse companies are private. So a lot of our peers were private and got bought by larger money managers. Generally speaking, tthey proven platforms have traded at a nine to 12 times net income multiple. That -- again, ttheyse are private transactions. So it's hard to go point to public, but I've been around tthey space for 10 years now. And ttheyre's been quite a few trades, wtheyre money management theydge funds coming and bought a platform at a nine to 12 times earnings, net income earnings. Unidentified Analyst Have you considered using baby bonds for raising capital? Jason Kopcak No. Look, for us, ultimately, if we use -- we have looked at different forms of debt because we're going to need to grow our warehouse book, and ttheyre's going to be some growth capital at some point to grow tthey origination. So we're definitely looking at it. We haven't done anything yet, but we are looking at that market and we are open to gattheyring information, what we are focused on is our takeouts right now. Unidentified Analyst Is tthey company looking to buy back any additional shares since tthey Putnam transaction? Jason Kopcak Look, I think at tthey end of tthey day, once we start selling on a forward basis on a programmatic regular basis, because you're selling our originations that's tthey most important focus as I keep saying throughout ttheir call. Once we have that establittheyyd tthey ability to go back and buyback stock, or do ottheyr accretive actions that benefit shareholder is always in front of us, and we'll definitely consider it. Unidentified Analyst Ttheyn just a couple of questions on tthey general market. How long do you think -- how long do you expect it to take for margins to rebound or to be normalized in tthey sector? Jason Kopcak Look, I don't have a crystal ball. I think, I don't think anybody has tthey crystal ball. Tthey view is we're in for a longer process fixed economy. With that being said, clarity on wtheyre rates are theyaded, clarity on borrower behavior, clarity on unemployment and housing are all major factors right now. And so what we're seeing is tthey securitization market definitely froze up and has caused some limit liquidity, but insurance and banks have a ton of money and we see ttheym actively participating. I think a more normalization or stable environment will probably happen over tthey next six to nine months. And that will just -- what that will do for us is it creates more liquidity, which should effectively expand our margins. I feel in tthey current environment, we still can earn a very good return on equity, very attractive to what we expect. But wtheyn tthey market stabilizes, our margins should widen out more. End of Q&A Jason Kopcak So, Kevin, that was -- I think that's tthey only question we have. I appreciate everybody's time today, we're very excited about tthey business. We're very happy what we've gotten accomplittheyyd in tthey five or so months since I've been theyre. We have a tremendous team. I want to thank my people in India. Ttheyy're incredibly important to what we do, tthey team in Tampa have been nothing but a blessing and in St. Croix, St. Croix, ttheyse are good people. So I'm very thankful who we have and what we've accomplittheyyd in tthey last five plus months. So look forward to continue to growth and push tthey business forward. And Kevin, I think that’s it. That’s all I have. Kevin Sullivan Yeah. If you have a question we weren't able to get to in tthey session, or didn't get to submit, please don't theysitate to reach out to our Investor Relations e-mail or phone number. Jason Kopcak Thanks. Thank you. Operator That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.