Altisource Asset Management Corp. (NYSE:AAMC) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives George Ellison - Chairman & CEO Robin Lowe - CFO Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management Corporation Third quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Robin Lowe, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Robin Lowe Thank you, Daniel. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. My name is Robin Lowe and I'm tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slides, please log on to our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on Slide 1, our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or by use of forward-looking terminology and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey Company's actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey factors that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in our earnings release as well as tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including our year-end 2014 Form 10-K, our first quarter and second quarter 2015 Form 10-Qs, and our third quarter 2015 Form 10-Q that we have filed today. If you would like to receive our news releases, SEC filings and ottheyr materials via email, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alerts button. Joining me for today's presentation is George Ellison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would now like to turn tthey call over to George. George? George Ellison Thanks Robin and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin with some key highlights on page 2. On tthey financial front , AAMC received $5 million in fees from Altisource Residential. AAMC facilitated a payment of $0.55 per share as well as tthey execution of 20% of tthey announced share buyback. We advised on Resi's first NPL sale from ttheyir portfolio as well as ttheyir purchase of 1300 homes in tthey Atlanta area. AAMC’s team completed Phase 1 of our announced one by one initiative which was a small pilot program targeting about 200 homes. Phase 2 has been launctheyd and is targeting about 800 homes. We've increased Resi's portfolio rapidly and it is now well over 2,000 homes and rising. Operationally, we have worked with our strategic partners at Altisource Portfolio Solutions or ASPS to get 95% of Resi's stabilized rentals leased at quarter-end with an early read of NOI running at around 56% and also completed tthey onboarding of tthey 1,300 homes purchased in Atlanta. On tthey funding front, Rob and their team did a great job of expanding and improving our funding and financing capacity. Most important among ttheyse was tthey amending of our repo facility with Wells Fargo which expanded its capacity, increased its REO sublimit, and extended tthey facility’s term. Rob? Robin Lowe Thank you, George. On Slide 3 and 4, we show our financials. As we have stated in previous earnings releases, under GAAP, we're required to consolidate Resi into our financial statements as if we were tthey parent in a typical parent subsidiary relationship. But in reality, we do not have a claim on eittheyr 100% of tthey income or assets of Resi. Also because we own 100% of tthey voting common stock of NewSource, and ttheyre were no substantive kick out rights granted to ottheyr equity owners, we consolidated NewSource in our consolidated financial statements. In order to provide clarity to our shareholders, we have included certain non-GAAP disclosures on Slides 3 and 4 that provide standalone financials for AAMC. We believe ttheir non-GAAP presentation provides a meaningful comparison between our reported results and how we internally manage our business. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. As shown on Slide 3, on a consolidated basis, we reported a net loss of $2 million or $0.92 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2015, down from a net gain of $743,000 or $0.27 per diluted share in tthey second quarter. AAMC standalone loss before taxes was $372,000 in tthey third quarter. Revenues for tthey third quarter were $5.2 million, marginally down from $5.4 million in tthey second quarter. Total expenses for tthey third quarter were $5.7 million, up from $4.4 million in tthey second quarter. However, normalizing for second quarter legal provision reversal of $1.5 million, expenses were down about 3% from tthey prior quarter. AAMC's balance ttheyyet under GAAP includes tthey equity of residential, which is ttheyn reflected in AAMC's book value per share. Ttheir reporting does not reflect tthey true economics to AAMC shareholders; and so on Slide 4, we show tthey standalone balance ttheyyets of Residential, NewSource, and AAMC. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to George. George? George Ellison Thanks Rob. On Slide 5, we outlined tthey same initiatives we've been working on for most of ttheir year. One, we continued to drive Resi's single-family rental growth while maintaining tthey appropriate ROE , liquidity, and operational efficiencies. As we stated last quarter, getting Resi theyalthy is tthey best thing for both companies. Resi's rented homes will soon hit 2,500 properties which will cause us to achieve tthey first base fee increase under our new asset management agreement. We expect tthey second hurdle of 4,500 homes to not be far behind. Increasing tthey number of rental units at tthey appropriate operating yield is also tthey fastest and most stable path to initiate tthey incentive fee. Number two, as Resi starts to get its legs under, we've been diligently working on our next growth initiative, which if successful we'll get AAMC into tthey insurance asset management business. We are in tthey middle of negotiating a game-changing transaction in tthey life and annuity space. I will warn you that ttheyse types of transactions fail more than ttheyy succeed. With that said, we want our shareholders to know that if ttheir deal falls through, ttheyre will be anottheyr to take its place. We are committed to becoming a large participant in tthey asset management business. Three, finally we continue to probe into tthey mortgage origination space with our partners at ASPS, specifically with our cooperative called Lenders One as well as new sources of origination being built. We remain focused on cracking tthey code of stalled single-family mortgage origination in ttheir country. Tthey rules and regulations around ttheir business are complex, and tthey business has significant regulatory risk, but we believe ttheyre is a way to get financing tthey families currently locked out of tthey mortgage market. We also continue to work with ASPS to start originating loans to lessors of multiple homes. I will be disappointed if one or more of ttheyse initiatives isn't started or at least piloted by tthey next time we speak. Just as I said last quarter, getting Resi right came first. Resi is now beginning to transition and unfold into what it was meant to be, a large well-run single-family rental REIT that can compete with any participant in tthey business. Resi still has a long way to go, but now that its goals are clear and tthey plan to get ttheyre is in place, it is time to launch tthey next business venture or two inside of AAMC. Ttheyse businesses are no longer concepts, but deals currently being negotiated. If ttheyse discussions are successful, ttheyse ventures will be tthey beginning of tthey second chapter in AAMC's theirtory. Thank you. I'll turn it back to Daniel. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. At ttheir time, I'm showing no questions. I will like to turn tthey call back over to Company for closing remarks.     George Ellison Great. Thanks Daniel. Thank you everyone for dialing in. We appreciate your support and I'm sure we'll be talking to tthey most of you throughout tthey day and later ttheir week. Thank you. Thanks Rob. Robin Lowe Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.