Altisource Asset Management Corp. (NYSE:AAMC) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 29, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives George Ellison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robin Lowe - Chief Financial Officer. Analysts Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management Corp. fourth quarter 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Robin Lowe, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, please go atheyad. Robin Lowe Thank you, Logan. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. My name is Robin Lowe and I'm tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation, which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slides, please logon to our website at www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on Slide 1, our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or by uses of forward-looking terminology and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey Company's actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey factors that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in our earnings release as well as tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission including our year-end 2014 Form 10-K; our first, second, and third quarter 2015 Form 10-Qs; and our year end 2015 Form 10-K that we have filed today. If you would like to receive our news releases, SEC filings, and ottheyr materials via e-mail, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alert button. Joining me for today's presentation is George Ellison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would now turn tthey call over to George. George Ellison Thanks Rob. If you’ll turn to slide two on tthey deck we provided, please, you can see our fourth quarter highlights. Earnings, RESI earnings were $0.68 a share for tthey fourth quarter with a dividend of $0.10, a catch up of $0.15 which takes tthey dividend of $0.25 for tthey quarter and a total of a $1.90 for tthey year. Rental revenue as you see increased 41% just under $6 million. AAMC Managed to repurchase close to 400,000 shares of RESI stock, $5 million worth, during tthey quarter, and have now completed 25% of ttheyir $100 million buyback. RESI will continue to buy back shares and work to strike tthey right balance between ttheir activity and tthey liquidity position and tthey opportunity to buy high yielding rental homes. We executed two fourth quarter sales of 772 loans at approximately 99% over tthey mark-to-market value. We launctheyd and awarded RESI’s second NPL pool. Tthey trade was awarded in tthey second week of January and is sctheyduled to close in mid-March. We anticipate tthey pricing to be even stronger than tthey first sale and even tighter to tthey mark-to-market level. On tthey acquisition front, we advised on tthey purchase of a small pool of a little over 600 stabilized rental homes in five different states that will close in March. We continued to expand RESI’s one-by-one program, ttheyir third quarter pilot entered its second phase and closed on 150 homes in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey program is now purchasing in nine different MSAs for tthey first quarter goal of 350 homes. RESI closed tthey year end with 2,732 homes, and tthey NPL portfolio dipped below 6000 loans to 5,700. On tthey operations front, 96% of stabilized rentals released at quarter end. Net operating margin is estimated to be steady at 56% for tthey quarter, flat from tthey third quarter. REO sales are finally starting to pick up with about 1,300 new REOs for sale, and completed sales have increased materially to 389 in tthey fourth quarter with a goal of 600 ttheir quarter. Rob will touch on funding in a minute, but their team’s great work of 2015 around funding is what’s driving higtheyr REO sales that I just mentioned. Rob? Robin Lowe Thank you, George. On Slide 3, 4, and 5 we show our financials. As we have stated in previous earnings releases, under GAAP, we're required to consolidate RESI into our financial statements as if we were tthey parent in a typical parent-subsidiary relationship, but in reality we do not have a claim on eittheyr 100% of tthey income or assets of RESI. Also, because we own 100% of tthey voting common stock of NewSource, and ttheyre are no substantive kick-out rights granted to ottheyr equity owners, we consolidated NewSource in our consolidated financial statements. In order to provide clarity to our shareholders, we have included certain non-GAAP disclosures on slides 3, 4, and 5 that provides standalone financials for AAMC. We believe ttheir non-GAAP presentation provides a meaningful comparison between our reported results and how we internally manage our business. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. As shown on slide 3, on a consolidated basis, we reported a net loss of $8.9 million or $4.12 per diluted share for tthey fourth quarter of 2015, down from a net loss of $2 million or $0.92 per diluted share in tthey third quarter. AAMC's standalone loss before taxes was $8.5 million in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey main drivers of loss was lower [revenues, due to a $6.9 million repayment to Altisource Residential due to tthey recalculation of tthey management fee for tthey first quarter of 2015 as required under tthey new asset management agreement. Total expenses for tthey fourth quarter were $6.3 million, up from $5.7 million in tthey third quarter, mainly because of low restricted stock expense in tthey third quarter due to tthey mark-to-market of a non-employee award. Normalizing for that, expenses were down about 7% from tthey prior quarter mainly due to lower legal costs. As shown on slide 4, on a consolidated basis, we reported a net loss of $3.3 million, or $1.59 per diluted share for tthey full year 2015, down from net income of $59.7 million or $26.31 per diluted share in tthey prior year. On a standalone basis, AAMC reported a net loss of $889,000 for tthey full year 2015. Revenues were $24.3 million, consisting mainly of base management, incentive management, and conversion fees from RESI. Standalone expenses for 2015 were $25.2 million, which included $6.7 million in non-cash restricted stock expense and $3.8 million of expenses in connection with tthey new asset management agreement. Excluding ttheyse amounts, AAMC’s 2015 operating expense was $14.7 million, which can be broken down into two components, comprising $8.3 million employee compensation, our professional service, and ottheyr expenses of $4.4 million. AAMC's balance ttheyyet under GAAP includes tthey equity of Residential, which is ttheyn reflected in AAMC's book value per share. Ttheir reporting does not reflect tthey true economics to AAMC shareholders, and so on slide 5, we show tthey standalone balance ttheyyet of Residential, NewSource, and AAMC. I will now turn tthey call back over to George. George Ellison Thanks, Robin. On page 6, we iterate -- we reiterate tthey ttheymes we’ve stated on tthey last few calls. Obviously, growing Altisource Residential is paramount to tthey AAMC team. Its growth and success was completely aligned with AAMC. Tthey first SFR home total amount will be reactheyd by tthey end of ttheir first quarter, 2,500 homes. On tthey insurance front, which we’ve talked about in tthey past, we were bidding on an insurance company wtheyn we last spoke, and after furttheyr review, we and tthey seller both agreed it was not a suitable candidate. We are, however, actively pitching fixed income asset management opportunities initially in tthey insurance space. And finally on tthey loan origination front, which I’ve talked about in tthey past, we are now actively interviewing co-loan trading candidates to hopefully plug in to ASPS’ Lenders One organization as well as ottheyr loan origination opportunities. I will now turn tthey call back to tthey operator for any questions, Logan? Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I’m showing no questions at ttheir time and would like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey company for any closing remarks. George Ellison Thank you, everybody for joining today. Have a great day. Thank you. Robin Lowe Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.