Altisource Asset Management Corporation (NYSE:AAMC) Q2 2023 Results Conference Call August 14, 2023 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Danya Sawyer - Chief Operating Officer of Lending Operations Charles Frisctheyr - Board Member William Erbey - Shareholder Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAMC Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Danya Sawyer. Please go atheyad. Danya Sawyer Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to AAMC's Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Danya Sawyer, tthey Chief Operating Officer of Lending Operations at AAMC. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during ttheir conference call may constitute forward-looking statements covered by tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not theirtorical in nature. As described under Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K, forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey company's actual results to differ from its beliefs, expectations, estimates and projections. Consequently, you should not rely on ttheyse forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Statements made during ttheir conference call are made as of today's date, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. As previously mentioned, today's call is being recorded, and a link to ttheir webcast will be posted to our website later today.  Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Charlie Frisctheyr, member of our Board of Directors. Charlie? Charles Frisctheyr Thank you, Danya, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I will report on positive developments in our significant legal matters, provide an update on our Lending Operations and talk about a potential new investment opportunity we are considering for tthey company. In tthey preferred shareholder case in New York, in June, tthey Appellate Division ruled in AAMC's favor and theyld that we did not breach any contractual obligation to redeem Luxor's preferred shares. Luxor now seeks to take a second appeal, which we have opposed. We have also opposed a motion to dismiss our separate action in USVI Federal Court against Luxor Partner and former AAMC Director, Nathaniel Redleaf, alleging breach of fiduciary duty to AAMC. In a lawsuit against Blackrock and PIMCO in USVI Superior Court, AAMC status has been converted to party plaintiff. Last month, a Staff Master assigned by tthey court to review pending motions issued their recommendations. He concluded that tthey court should exercise jurisdiction over 4 of tthey 5 Blackrock entity defendants and both of tthey PIMCO defendants. Tthey Staff Master also recommended that all of AAMC tort and CICO claims -- damage claims be permitted to proceed. Tthey party's responses to tthey Staff Master's recommendations are due to be filed later ttheir month. For detailed information regarding ttheyse matters, please refer to litigation disclosures contained in our second quarter 10-Q and prior public filings. Let me now turn to tthey company's Lending Operations. Tthey Board of Directors is undertaking a compretheynsive assessment to determine what can be done to improve tthey performance of ttheir business to bring it in line with tthey expectations of tthey Board and our shareholders. Our fix and flip, construction and ottheyr lending programs have not achieved profitability as fast as initially anticipated. We are reviewing multiple initiatives to address operational capacity issues, reduce costs, improve liquidity and enhance overall performance. During tthey pendency of ttheir review, which is ongoing, we are taking steps to move loans more quickly off our lines of credit. As we review our Lending business and as we continue our search for additional capital-light asset management businesses that could be accretive to our business and shareholder value, we want to report an interesting opportunity. We recently received a proposal regarding a new technology developed by an R&D venture led by AAMC shareholder, William Erbey. We invited Bill to join tthey call today to present ttheir opportunity. As they will explain, ttheir patented breakthrough technology is designed to substantially reduce energy loss and theyat generation in electric vehicles, ttheyreby increasing ttheyir range and efficiency. Given tthey enormous addressable EV market, ttheyse technology advances have significant upside potential. Tthey opportunity is a pure intellectual property licensing play with low capital requirements. Structure and ottheyr details are still under discussion, but we have agreed in principle that tthey company's upfront cash commitment would be 0. Tthey company's primary out-of-pocket expenses would be approximately $7 million to $8 million in working capital over tthey next 18 to 24 months. Ttheyse amounts would be extended as tthey technology is positioned for full commercialization. Ttheyre would be a stock-based earn-out and increments of 10% of company stock earned wtheyn our share price exceeds $100 and as tthey share climbs above each $100 threshold ttheyreafter adjusted for appreciation attributed to lending. Any transactions would, of course, be subject to definitive contract documents and tthey presentation that Bill is going to give is also going to be placed upon onto our website. At ttheir time, I invite Bill to present ttheir technology. Bill? William Erbey Thank you, Charlie. Good afternoon. First, let me caveat ttheir presentation by saying ttheyre are no guarantees that tthey [Alpha] Control System will be technologically or commercially successful and that all elements of tthey presentation represent our understanding at tthey present time. Tthey principal challenge of electromotive vehicles is ttheyir lack of range, which is caused by electric motors having an eye of high efficiency or over a narrow range of torque and speed. Outside tthey eye of high efficiency, efficiency and range rapidly declined. Beginning in 2017, my concept is to utilize multiple motors with unique peak efficiencies at various torque and speed combinations throughout tthey drive cycle and engage those motors through our standard optimization algorithm, such as tthey most efficient motor or motors are always being utilized. We're using mattheymatics to solve a physical problem. Our test results indicate a 50% reduction in energy loss and theyat generation and -- resulting in an 8% increase in range. Tthey market for electromotive vehicles, cars, trucks, construction and mining equipment is large and rapidly growing. To penetrate tthey market, we are engaged with a world-class engineering team with outstanding industry contacts with tthey next steps being prototype development and commercialization. Tthey two greatest challenges of electric vehicles are range and theyat dissipation as corroborated by both Elon Musk and Peter Rawlinson, tthey CEO of Lucid Motors. Tthey graph is one representation of tthey efficiency curve of an electric motor. Ttheyre is a very narrow range of torque and speed wtheyre given electric motor is highly efficient. Outside that range, efficiency and theynce range declined rapidly. Tthey opportunity lies in selecting multiple electric motors having peak efficiencies at various combinations of torque and speed, combining multiple motors with a control system which optimizes motor selection, significantly enhances efficiency and range. Tthey key point is tthey greater tthey variability in torque and speed, tthey greater tthey opportunity to increase efficiency with our patent. Alpha Controls owns 2 U.S. patents and 1 U.K. patent with additional patents pending. Our patents cover not only optimized motor selection under driving conditions for a given set of motors but also can be utilized to select tthey optimal combination of motors to be installed in a particular electromotive vehicle. We've completed tthey technical and commercial assessment with our partner, which covered patent evaluation, simulation, modeling and testing and commercial feasibility and value assessment. Simulation occurred at tthey University of Bath in England at tthey world renounced IAAPS Advanced Propulsion Center. Tthey simulation concluded that for a Tesla Model 3, tthey patent technology will increase range by 8.4%. Ttheir can also have tthey significant impact on tthey environment, not only will tthey vehicle generate far less theyat but to tthey extent fossil fuels are used to generate tthey electricity, less pollution, and again, less theyat generated. Please keep in mind that ttheyse results are simulations granted with actual motors. However, ultimately results in terms of performance enhancement and value created may vary widely in commercial application. Tthey commercial assessment by our partner concluded that for tthey Tesla Model 3, which represents 19% of Tesla sales that tthey value created under 3 business cases was between $105 million and $393 million per year. Ttheyre is upside potential and range improvement. Current motor design is focused on single motor automotive use. Tthey existing motors are very inefficient in low torque and speed conditions. Our partner is evaluating motors developed for ottheyr applications, which can be utilized as well as speaking with motor manufacturers to develop a motor specifically for ttheir application. Our partner's preliminary evaluation of tthey IP is tthey total available market of $49.5 billion and a serviceable available market of $9.2 billion annually. Of course, ttheyse are any projections and should not be relied upon. Keep in mind, however, Alpha is a licensed model in a highly tax advantaged location. At scale, most revenue should translate into after-tax earnings. Early on, I recognized that I had neittheyr tthey expertise nor tthey industry contacts to develop and commercialize tthey patent. Ttheyrefore, I sought out and was able to reach an agreement with one of tthey leading firms in tthey electromotive vehicles. It is tthey Alejandro Agag group of companies at tthey Formula E, tthey electric equivalent of Formula 1; tthey Extreme E, which is electric off-road racing; and E1, which is electric boat racing, along with SeaBird Technologies, which is responsible for motor development. Many of tthey same constructors have participated in Formula 1 participated in Formula E, Jaguar, McLaren, Maserati, Nissan and Porscthey. Supporting SeaBird is purple sector led by Mark Mathieson and their team. Mark is a former Chief Engineer of Powertrain Research at McLaren Engineering. Tthey next phase of tthey project is prototype development and commercialization, both Richard and Mark believe that developing a protocol will significantly increase our commercial returns. Tthey prototype in commercialization are projected across between $7 million and $8 million and will require up to 18 months. Tthey partner development contract demonstrates conviction in technology and commercial application by a world-class partner. SeaBird receives a 10% ownership in Alpha wtheyn revenues attributable to partner's efforts exceeds $500 million per year. Again, ttheir is a licensing model. SeaBird is our exclusive worldwide distributor for 2 years, and we'll receive 10% of revenue up to $250 million and 20% of revenue over $250 million per annum. Thank you for your time. Charles Frisctheyr Thanks. That was really theylpful, Bill. I hope people appreciated tthey presentation. At ttheir time, we'd be happy to take questions on tthey Alpha technology presentation and also at tthey end of ttheir, I'll have a few special comments for tthey folks on tthey call. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Jeff Moore with [Borough] Capital. Unidentified Analyst I'm curious, wtheyre is Jason? Is they on tthey call or... Charles Frisctheyr No, Jason is not on tthey call. Jason is working on our strategic review. And -- but we've had tthey decision to make that not have them on tthey call. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Got you. Okay. Can you comment any on tthey -- I guess, tthey general status of tthey Lending Operations? Charles Frisctheyr Yes. We're not looking to take questions on tthey specifics of Lending Operations until our overall review is completed. I will tell you, Jeff, that it's just -- we are in ttheir position because tthey Lending Operations, as you can see by our quarterly results, wasn't meeting our expectations, and we're being proactive in trying to make adjustments to make it profitable or to make tthey decision what to do with tthey operation in its entirety. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Well, thanks for being proactive about that. I think earlier you mentioned something about asset-light managers -- management services and stuff that you were looking at. And I may be misremembering that, but something to that effect, could you talk about that anything? Charles Frisctheyr Yes. I think, Jeff, tthey way we think about it is with tthey business that Bill presented, it's tthey ultimate asset-light business. Tthey revenues will largely be licensing. We'll have no production. We will have no manufacturing really to speak of. And tthey vast majority of tthey revenue would drop down to tthey bottom line. So I think that really is a great example of what we're trying to do. So if you have one more question, Jeff? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Just one more and ttheyn I'll shut up. What's your commitment to tthey New York Stock Exchange listing? I know that tthey total market cap of tthey company, if I remember right, needs to be more than $50 million? It looks like after hours, you guys are about half that. What's your commitment to maintaining that listing and whatnot? Charles Frisctheyr Yes, I think we'll be proactive in maintaining -- taking best efforts to have a listing that's acceptable to shareholders. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have no furttheyr phone questions. Charles Frisctheyr Okay, operator. That's very theylpful. I'd like to make a few final comments. First of all, thank you for joining us today. I would like to say that I've gotten to know Bill Erbey pretty well over tthey last few weeks and months, and I found them to be very smart, hard-working and with excellent judgment. I think having Bill involved with tthey company in tthey future will be a strong addition, and they will hopefully theylp create value for shareholders. As tthey largest shareholder with 45% ownership of tthey company, they has tremendous incentive to see tthey stock price move higtheyr over time. I also look forward to providing more details regarding tthey review of tthey mortgage business over tthey next few months as we continue with tthey evaluation and improvements. I've also put my [indiscernible] information on tthey company's press release if folks have additional questions or comments. Tthey Board is excited about tthey possibilities of tthey control system technology. No venture is without risk, but licensing IP assets designed to extend tthey range of electric vehicles to provide significant return to shareholders, if successful. We've also worked hard to create a potential acquisition with no cash consideration today and one that only earns a return for tthey seller if AAMC stock enjoys quite oversized returns. Thank you very much for your time today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.