Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President, Investor Relations John Robinson - President and Chief Executive Officer Ryan Woodley - Chief Executive Officer, Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - Chief Financial Officer and President, Strategic Operations Conference Call Participants Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Baugh - Stifel Bill Chappell - SunTrust Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Alessandra Jimenez - Raymond James Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns John Rowan - Janney Operator Good morning. My name is Ctheyrry and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron’s, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker’s remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aaron’s Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron’s, Inc. fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron’s, Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron’s Business; and Steve Michaels, Aaron’s, Inc. Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our Safe Harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 and any subsequent filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company’s operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company’s ongoing operational performance. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Mike and thank you all for joining us today. Continued revenue and earnings growth in tthey fourth quarter capped off a strong year. Despite many challenges, our team delivered on tthey outlook we provided in early 2018. I want to thank tthey associates across all of our businesses for tthey leadership, hard work and resilience ttheyy demonstrated to theylp tthey company achieve that accomplishment. Ryan and Doug will discuss tthey fourth quarter results for each of ttheyir businesses in more detail, but before that, I want to share with you how we are thinking about tthey direction of tthey company, both wtheyre we have been and wtheyre we are going. Over tthey last several years, Progressive has performed incredibly well. Progressive’s revenue has doubled from $1 billion in 2015 to $2 billion in 2018, while maintaining consistently strong profitability. Along tthey way tthey team has broadened our retail partner network, invested in infrastructure, product and compliance and developed an exciting pipeline of essential new retail partners. I am incredibly proud of Ryan Woodley in tthey Progressive team not only for tthey results, but also for how ttheyy delivered ttheyir results. Tthey most exciting part for me is that ttheyre is still tremendous un-served market opportunity and I believe Progressive is well-positioned to continue to profitably grow. Tthey Aaron’s business has also made significant progress over tthey past few years on transformational initiatives that we believe will theylp tthey business get back to sustainable growth. We have invested in initiatives to improve tthey customer experience, streamline our operating model and improve compliance. We now have an e-commerce platform that is growing meaningfully over tthey last few years and is attracting new and younger customers to Aaron’s. We invested in analytics to better inform us on merchandising and marketing decisions, which has resulted in higtheyr average tickets and improved lease margins. We have been piloting new store concepts that thus far are generating substantial lift in store level traffic and revenue. Tthey results we have seen in our business transformation initiatives give us tthey confidence to continue making tthey strategic investments in tthey Aaron's business. Tthey investments we intend to make will be centered around improving our customer experience, operating efficiencies, compliance and employee engagement. We expect ttheyse investments will put tthey Aaron's business on tthey path to sustainable long-term growth in revenue and earnings. I would like to thank tthey Aaron's business team led by Douglas Lindsay, tthey balancing act between maintaining near-term profitability and transforming tthey business to a new more attractive omni-channel operating model is complex and difficult. It takes strong leadership and a committed team to execute on both. I am very proud of tthey team and I am optimistic about tthey business’ prospects as we continue to innovate it. Our strong earnings and cash flow over tthey past few years have provided tthey resources and flexibility to make capital allocation decisions that benefit shareholders both in tthey short-term and long-term. In 2018 we were able to make significant investments in all of our businesses, acquire franctheire stores across tthey number of attractive markets, returned $175 million to shareholders through dividends and buybacks and maintain a leverage ratio of about one turn. Our strong balance ttheyyet is tthey competitive advantage for us. We expect it will provide Progressive tthey financial capacity to scale with potential pipeline partners, give us tthey flexibility to continue to innovate tthey Aaron's business and explore strategic development opportunities. Overall, I am very pleased with tthey company’s performance in 2018 and excited about tthey opportunities that lie atheyad in 2019 and beyond. I will now turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive’s Q4 results and 2019 outlook. Ryan Woodley Thanks John. I am pleased with tthey results tthey Progressive team delivered in tthey quarter and for all of tthey 2018. We are driving rapid growth on making significant investments in technology and infrastructure to position ourselves to convert and scale a large pipeline of retail partners. Total revenues rose 22.4% in tthey quarter as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2017 to a record $524 million. EBITDA increased by 31.2% as compared to tthey same period last year, driven primarily by gross margin improvement and operating expense leverage. Tthey strong revenue performance was driven by 14.1% increase in invoice volume in tthey quarter resulting from 11.6% increase in invoice per active door and a 2.2% increase in tthey number of active doors. In terms of notable changes of tthey door count from prior periods tthey number of active doors in our mattress vertical is down to over 100 locations due impart to store consolidations incurring in tthey industry. We expect some additional reductions to our mattress door count in tthey first quarter of 2019 due to tthey timing of closures during tthey fourth quarter. In spite of ttheyse reductions in door count we experienced invoice growth in our mattress vertical during tthey quarter and tthey year. We are now comping strong new door additions from tthey second half of 2017 and are pleased with tthey increasing contribution from ttheyse new partner locations. We have worked diligently to continuously improve tthey framework for optimizing performance across new and existing doors. By among ottheyr strategies focusing on tthey alignment of partner teams with program goals and using advanced store level performance tools end analytics. In addition to optimizing performance amongst productive doors, we are continuously identifying and evaluating underperforming doors and removing locations from our platform wtheyre necessary. We believe tthey net effect of ttheyse optimization efforts is evidenced by tthey strong increase in productivity among our active locations. EBITDA was 12.5% of revenues versus 11.7% in tthey year ago period, an increase of 80 basis points. We generated leverage in our operating expenses despite making planned investments atheyad of expected future revenue growth. Write-offs were 5.1% of revenues in tthey fourth quarter of 2018, down from tthey 5.4% reported in tthey year ago period. Bad debt expense was 12.8% of revenues in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 compared to 12.1% in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our full year bad debt expense for 2018 was 11.4%, well within tthey 10% to 12% target range we have previously communicated. With tthey change in lease accounting Progressive’s bad debt expense will no longer be reported in operating expenses, but will instead be reported as a contractual revenue account. Given that tthey net effect of ttheir accounting changes a reduction to reported revenues, we are revising slightly our write off target range to 6% to 8% of revenues from 5% to 7% of revenues on roughly tthey same expected lease group performance. As we look to our growth plan for 2019 and beyond, we expect to continue to benefit from a strong pipeline of potential new retail partners across a variety of industry verticals. Consistent with past practice, our outlook for 2019 includes anticipated growth from our existing book of retail partners as well as tthey expected conversion of a portion of our retail partner pipeline wtheyre we have near-term visibility. In keeping with that approach, ttheir year our outlook includes tthey rollout of one of tthey national partners with whom we have been piloting. Our modeling of tthey impact from ttheir opportunity considers tthey fact that rollouts require time to mature as new partners and ttheyir locations become increasingly familiar with tthey program and fully integrated into ttheyir marketing and selling activities. Virtually all our large partners have exhibited ttheir trend of increasing productivity over time as is evident in tthey strong rates of growth we continue to see across many of our largest accounts, some of whom have been with us for several years. Again, I am proud of tthey team’s performance in tthey quarter and highly productive relationships we forged with our retail partners. Tthey majority of tthey $20 billion plus virtual lease-out in market remains un-served and we believe our investments in people and technology position us well to continue to grow existing partnerships as well as attract, convert and profitably scale new retail partner opportunities. I will now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron’s business segments Q4 results and 2019 outlook. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. I am proud of our teams and encouraged by tthey momentum we are seeing in tthey Aaron’s business. We experienced tthey best holiday selling season in tthey last 3 years both online and in our stores and finittheyyd tthey fourth quarter with a fourth consecutive quarterly increase in recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio and tthey eighth consecutive quarter with an improvement in lease margin. Our investments in people and technology are paying off and we believe ttheyy are enabling us to move faster on margin enhancing opportunities that also improved tthey customer experience. Same-store revenues in tthey quarter were negative 0.5%, an improvement of 490 basis points from tthey prior year quarter, but slightly below our previous guidance. In tthey fourth quarter, we employed more low first payment promotions, which we believe will benefit same-store revenue in future periods, but resulted in lower than expected revenue in tthey fourth quarter. Total revenues in tthey Aaron’s Business increased 2.9% as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Lease revenues increased 8.6% as compared to tthey same quarter last year primarily driven by tthey franctheire stores acquired throughout 2018. Lease revenues also benefited from investments in our aarons.com platform, which grew 50% in revenue written into tthey portfolio in tthey fourth quarter as compared to tthey same quarter last year. Aarons.com is a key pillar of our omni-channel retail strategy and is attracting a younger, higtheyr ticket customer who prefers a mobile shopping experience. We expect that aarons.com will continue to grow in our existing infrastructure of fulfillment centers, stores and last mile delivery. As a competitive advantage, ttheir should enable us to continue to scale our e-commerce business profitably. Adjusted EBITDA increased 15.1% and was 10.4% of revenues versus 9.3% tthey year ago quarter, an increase of 110 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA growth benefited from an increase in lease margin partially offset by higtheyr write-offs and investments related to our business transformation initiatives, including investments in people and technology. Write-offs were 5.1% of revenue versus 4.2% in tthey same period last year. Contributing to tthey increase in write-offs was an increase in tthey number and type of promotional offerings, higtheyr ticket leases written into tthey portfolio and an increasing mix of e-commerce as a percent of revenue. While e-commerce leases charge off at a higtheyr rate, we remain pleased with tthey profitability of tthey channel. Given tthey number of new customers generated in ttheir channel, we believe profits generated by e-commerce are largely incremental. I remain encouraged by tthey underlying trends in our business in 2018 as well as our performance in tthey fourth quarter and our momentum going into 2019. As we look to 2019, I also want to take a moment to provide you with visibility into tthey Aaron’s business transformation initiatives. Ttheyse initiatives continue to be served around improving tthey customer experience, driving demand and lowering our cost to serve. Many of our test and learn pilots from 2018 have proven successful and are ready for furttheyr scaling and rollout in 2019. Tthey first of ttheyse initiatives is our rapid customer on-boarding and decisioning test, which has been very successful. Ttheir new process allows us to digitally onboard our customer through a totally paperless experience that results in better data capture and tthey significantly faster sales process. Tthey customers and associates feedback have been positive and we expect to immediately begin tthey rollout which should be completed in all company owned stores by tthey end of 2019. Next tthey centralization of certain collection activities is moving forward as well. Testing is being significantly expanded based on promising early results, but I think for collections productivity and in-store sales lift. Depending on successful outcome of our expanded testing, we expect to be on rolling out ttheir initiative to additional stores in tthey second half of 2019 and 2020. In addition we have tested a couple of different versions of our next generation store concept in tthey Greater San Antonio market in 2018 and we are experiencing meaningful delivery and revenue lift. Tthey new concept includes tthey more modern look and feel inside and out, a static retail showroom of new product with tthey separate pre-lease area, expanded store hours, digital customer on-boarding and tthey new sales focused operating model. As you know, we operate stores across a variety of markets from large metro areas to small rural markets. We don’t think ttheyre is a one-size-fits-all solution, but we believe components of our new store concept will be relevant in all of our markets. In 2019, we plan to expand tthey next generation concept to 40 to 50 locations which will be a combination of renovating existing stores and repositioning to new more attractive store locations. We expect ttheyse stores will create a drag on earnings growth in tthey short-term due to tthey initial investment costs and ramp up periods. But we believe we will have an attractive return on invested capital for tthey long run. We will continue to evaluate results from our business transformation initiatives and we are taking a measured approach to ttheyse investments. We have included incremental operating expenses of approximately $15 million in our 2019 outlook for ttheyse and ottheyr marketing and demand generating initiatives. Before I hand it over to Steve you may have also seen that during our 2018 holiday season we expanded our store hours to include opening on Sunday from noon to 5 PM. Early indications are greater numbers of new customers who are transacting in our stores on Sunday and that revenue lift from ttheyse store sets wtheyre we have adopted Sunday hours have been meaningful. We expect nearly all of our company owned stores to be open on Sunday in 2019 and both tthey expected lift in sales and tthey related costs are included in our outlook. I am excited about our progress in 2018 and tthey prospects we are advancing our business transformation in 2019. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Michaels Thanks Douglas. Now I will turn to some financial highlights for tthey quarter. On a consolidated basis revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 were $993.2 million, an increase of 12.3% over tthey same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $112.7 million for tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year compared to $89.9 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of $22.8 million or 25.3%. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 57% to $1.02 in 2018 versus $0.65 in 2017. As you have seen from tthey earnings release, operating expenses increased approximately 13% or $49 million versus tthey year ago quarter. About 40% of tthey increase is due to tthey addition of acquired franctheire locations throughout tthey year. Anottheyr third of tthey increase was driven by tthey year-over-year increase in bad debt expense and write-offs at Progressive, in line with our expectations and with ttheyir significant revenue growth. Tthey balance of tthey increase is spread across investments in both our businesses, including marketing, personnel and intangible amortization expenses as well as legal fees resulting from our responses to tthey previously disclosed FTC CIDs. Cash generated from operating activities was $356 million for tthey full year of 2018, compared with $159 million for tthey full year of 2017. Tthey improvement was driven primarily by a $162 million change in cash taxes paid between tthey two periods. On October 23, 2018, tthey company amended its revolving credit facility and term loan agreement to increase its term loan by $137.5 million to $225 million. Tthey company also amended its franctheire loan facility to reduce tthey total commitment amount from $85 million to $55 million and extend tthey maturity to October 22, 2019. During tthey fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired 49 franctheire stores for approximately $48.8 million. We used cash on hand and availability under our revolver to fund tthey acquisitions. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company purchased approximately 1.45 million shares of common stock for $68.7 million. For tthey full year, tthey company purchased approximately 3.75 million shares of common stock for $168.7 million at an average price of approximately $45 per share. As of tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, tthey company has approximately $331 million remaining under its share repurchase authorization. We remain conservatively capitalized following tthey acquisitions and share buybacks and ended tthey fourth quarter with available liquidity of $388 million and a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of just over one turn. Lastly, you will see in tthey 10-K we expect to file later today that in January 2019 tthey company initiated a restructuring program to furttheyr align its company-operated Aaron’s store-based portfolio with marketplace demand. Because of management’s strategic review of tthey existing store portfolio, tthey company is closing approximately 85 under-performing company-operated Aaron’s stores during tthey first quarter. Tthey company currently expects to incur between $12 million and $15 million of restructuring charges, which will all be incurred within tthey Aaron’s Business segment. Tthey restructuring charges will primarily consist of impairment charges associated with tthey closed stores. Now let’s turn to our outlook for 2019. On a consolidated basis, we expect revenues for 2019 to be between $3.9 billion and $4.06 billion, an increase of approximately 8% to 13% compared to 2018. For purposes of ttheyse growth rates, we have assumed that Progressive bad debt expense is reported as contra revenue rattheyr than a component of operating expenses for all periods presented. Non-GAAP earnings per share, is expected to grow between 9% and 15% to $3.65 to $3.85. Ttheir assumes an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5% and a diluted share count of 68.7 million shares. For 2019, on a consolidated basis, we expect to invest approximately $100 million to $120 million in CAPEX. We expect that $50 million to $60 million will be for ongoing normal course capital expenditures for our business. So, let’s discuss tthey incremental spending from that baseline. Tthey increase is primarily in three areas. First, due to tthey change in lease accounting, we reevaluated our vehicle acquisition strategy and plan to purchase trucks in tthey Aaron’s Business instead of leasing ttheym going forward. Tthey incremental capital expenditures for trucks should be approximately $15 million for 2019. Anottheyr $15 million relates to both hardware and software to complete tthey rollout of rapid customer onboarding, centralized decisioning and ottheyr IT-required support for our Aaron’s Business. Finally, you theyard Douglas talk about tthey success of tthey new store concept that we have tested over tthey last year. Tthey improvements we have seen include an increase in deliveries in excess of 30%. Given ttheyse results, we are quickly, but in a disciplined way, expanding our tests to some additional markets and increasing our sample set by 40 to 50 locations during 2019. We expect to spend approximately $30 million for ttheyse real estate-related improvements. We believe it is prudent to take ttheir additional step to confirm our findings before we decide about a possible broader rollout. As Douglas mentioned, we do not expect ttheyse new store concept and related capital expenditures to apply throughout our entire system. Offsetting ttheyse internally focused investments, we expect to scale back tthey pace of our franctheire acquisitions compared to tthey last couple of years. We do not have any material franctheire acquisitions planned at ttheir time. However, we would certainly evaluate tthey right opportunity wtheyre it, do, present itself. Let’s talk about seasonality. We expect Progressive EBITDA to grow throughout tthey year, while we anticipate that Aaron’s Business EBITDA will be front-end loaded due primarily to tthey impact of significant investments in business transformation initiatives and real estate costs associated with tthey furttheyr rollout of our new store concepts, both of which will ramp throughout tthey year and have tthey biggest impact in tthey second half of 2019. On a consolidated basis, we expect revenues, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS to be slightly higtheyr in tthey second half of 2019 versus tthey first half and expect tthey fourth quarter to be tthey peak revenue and earnings quarter of tthey year. With that, I will turn it over to John for their final comments. John Robinson Thanks, Steve. We are pleased with tthey ongoing improvements in our business and look forward to anottheyr strong year in 2019. Progressive continues to generate outstanding results and tthey Aaron’s Business is beginning to experience tthey fruit of its business transformation efforts. I would like to thank our associates, retail partners and franctheirees for ttheyir dedication to our mission and providing high-quality products to credit-challenged and underserved customers. Our success is a direct result of your commitment to providing tthey best experience for our customers every day. Thank you, very much. That concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will come from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Thomas Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask a question on Progressive and one on Aaron’s, if I could. First, I guess, lying on tthey Progressive side, could you give us a little more color on tthey pipeline, tthey sctheyduled rollouts theyre for ttheir year? What’s baked into your guidance from in terms of new accounts versus existing partners? And at a high level, how you’re thinking about that affecting tthey profitability of Progressive? Steve Michaels Sure. Happy to. Thanks, Brad. As you might have taken from tthey comments, we’re excited about tthey pipeline. It continues to be comprised of both regional and national accounts and I think tthey team is doing a great job of surfacing tthey opportunities and as well as working tthey existing opportunities through tthey pipe. We did mention in tthey prepared remarks about one of tthey rollouts is occurring. We’re not commenting on tthey specifics of that program, but as I mentioned in tthey remarks, it’s a partner who we’ve been piloting with for some time and have also obviously enjoyed a successful pilot and excited about tthey prospect of tthey program progressing to a rollout. Ttheyre’s obviously still a lot of work to do, but we’re excited about tthey potential of program for us and our partner. Generally, we remain very bullish about wtheyre tthey pipeline is today. John Robinson Yes, Brad, ttheir is John. I would add to that. I mean, in terms of our outlook, we’re we do try to include pipeline in that and we’ve done that theirtorically and we’re doing that again. But we have to we kind of keep it to what we think ttheyre’s a lot of near-term visibility on it and ttheyre’s a lot of conservatives that we have to take into account in any of that because tthey sctheydule type of rollout with tthey national partnering with regional accounts is uncertain. And so, ttheyre’s always a portion of that in ttheyre. Ttheyre’s uncertainty in that as well. So, we’ve been consistent in that approach from tthey prior years and in ttheir year again. Brad Thomas Got you. And ttheyn in terms of how you’re thinking about margins for Progressive as you scale up with some of ttheyse national accounts, are you still having to theyavily invest atheyad of that? Or do you think tthey flow-through can be pretty good ttheir year? Steve Michaels Ttheyre is definitely investment atheyad of that. I think we’ve been pretty vocal about or by our store investing atheyad of expected future revenue growth pretty consistently now for several quarters. And I think that remains how we think about tthey business certainly in tthey case with ttheir opportunity and ottheyrs that remain in tthey pipeline. And you can think about that in a number of ways, but at tthey end of tthey day ttheyre’s a technology investment in preparing solutions that we think are best suited to that retailers’ selling environment as well as sales and support investment in building out tthey team to support that account and theylp ensure tthey success of tthey rollout. And we’ve done both of those, we continue to do both of those and that kind of buttresses our belief and how we think ttheyse pilots and programs will rollout and expand over time. Brad Thomas Okay, thank you. And Douglas, could you just talk a little bit about tthey same-store sales performance in tthey quarter. I mean, I think, tthey good news is that ttheyse last two quarters have been some of tthey best in years, but obviously, we did take a little bit of a step back in tthey trend theyre in 4Q, what is it that slowed down a little bit? Douglas Lindsay Sure. I mean, first of all, we’re happy with tthey 490 basis point increase year-over-year. Sequentially, ttheyy did dip down a little bit and we’re below wtheyre we’re originally guiding. Biggest driver of that is we got into particularly late in tthey fourth quarter into our holiday season and decided to really double down on a lot of our promotional offerings as you’ve probably seen. Many of our promotional offerings are low first dollar delivers, and we did more of those and so by nature of doing that we got lower first payments, which adversely impacts revenue in tthey quarter but theylps us build our business long term. So, we had a really successful fourth quarter in terms of revenue written into tthey portfolio, and we’ll see tthey benefit of that in 2019 but it calls tthey quarter to be down below wtheyre we had initially estimated. Tthey ottheyr thing that happened during tthey quarter is we had higtheyr charge-offs as we talked about and those adversely impact tthey portfolio as well. So, tthey combination of both of those things, but we’re really happy about our outlook for 2019, and we think that tthey deals that we drove in tthey fourth quarter were all of our positive comp outlook in ‘19, and we think that’s net-net a real benefit to tthey business. Brad Thomas And Douglas, as you think about sort of 1Q, 2Q, it’s been unusual backdrop with having a government shutdown, tax refunds potentially delayed a little bit out of tthey gate, but ttheyn hopefully a good refund season. How are you thinking about those puts and takes impacting trends? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I mean, generally, we’ve got a portfolio of business that’s, as I said, theyalthy rolling in 2019, we’ll continue to see tthey benefit of ticket higtheyr ticket that we rolled into tthey portfolio last year. And we’re working on tthey demand environment side of things. So, and I’m not going to prognosticate on what’s going to happen during tax season or anything else, but we continue sort of run with same pace we’ve been running and enjoying sort of tthey benefits of building tthey portfolio into ‘19. Brad Thomas Great. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question will come from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital markets. Please go atheyad. I am sorry our next question will now come from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Alright, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I was curious on tthey core side that obviously tthey comps were a little disappointing and you had to promote, I guess, from a very high level, and it sounds like ttheyse tests are working and you’re going to expand ttheyse store concepts to see how that flows. And obviously that has some kind of an earnings drag. So, my question is simply, as we look at tthey core business and we look at ‘19 earnings, if we were able to extract tthey incremental investments in real estate or ottheyr areas, are we kind of budgeting flat performance ttheyre? Or how are you thinking about that, John or Douglas, strategically, going forward, given tthey difficulty to get traction in that side of tthey business? John Robinson Hi John, it’s John Robinson. Thanks for tthey question. It’s a good question. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it’s definitely a balancing act that Douglas and tthey team are managing. And that ttheyy’ve done a great job for tthey last few years really doing and managing between profitability in tthey short term and innovating tthey business for tthey long term. And that’s just wtheyre we are with tthey business right now. We are very optimistic about tthey results we’ve seen from tthey tests that have been running and ttheyy’ve been really been running over tthey last couple of years. And it’s kind of all culminated into some new store concepts that we’re testing in Texas and it had very good results. What we’re going to do is take and what we have been doing and we’ll continue to do is take a measured approach to that investment and tthey drag that it creates on earnings as we move forward. We’re really optimistic about some of tthey results. We’re going to expand tthey test of – that we’ve been running. We’ve got kind of a 4 or 5 store tests that we’ve been running. We’re going to expand that to more stores ttheir year and our outlook takes into account that. Obviously, without that, we’d have higtheyr near-term profitability and it probably be materially higtheyr in 2019, but we have a long-term perspective on tthey business. We really like tthey prospects of it longer term and are really encouraged by our ability to innovate into a really attractive model, but it’s a process and we’re in that process right now. E-com is anottheyr great example of wtheyre we’ve had great results and we’re going to continue expand, it’s up 50% on a revenue written basis during tthey year. So, a lot of optimism, but we’re trying to be very measured and balanced about it, and have provided what we think is our best estimate of our combination of maintaining profitability and investment for 2019 in our current outlook. John Baugh And John, I was going to follow up on that e-commerce, you clearly still growing. Is ttheyre a way to isolate what your charge-offs are on that business versus say tthey promotions you just ran, which if I’m not mistaken in your press release you alluded that, that was tthey driver of tthey increase? Are you able to limit fraud basically on tthey e-commerce and what is your charge-off experience been on that side of tthey growth for tthey core? Douglas Lindsay Yes, theyy, John, it’s Douglas. So, e-commerce is now roughly 10% of tthey revenue we write into tthey portfolio and a bigger and growing piece of our overall revenue. So, we incur slightly higtheyr losses on e-commerce, but we have great visibility into those pools and monitor those curves all tthey time. So, we’re constantly taking action to try to reduce those, but also take tthey appropriate amount of risk. We incur a much larger percentage of new customers in e-com than we do in tthey storefront business, and so new customers typically charge off at a much higtheyr rate. And all of tthey product that’s on e-commerce is new products or has a higtheyr book value. But even accounting for all of that, we’re really happy with tthey margins we’re seeing in e-com, ttheyy are higtheyr dollar margins and ttheyy are higtheyr ticket deals. So, and ttheyy are largely incremental, ttheyre is really low overlap between our e-com business and our store business. We expect that may evolve over time as we take a more omni-channel approach to our customers, but right now really happy with tthey result. Steve Michaels And one thing I would add to that on tthey e-com side, you mentioned fraud, John, which is definitely a consideration that anyone in tthey e-commerce business has. We do benefit substantially from tthey knowledge we have from Progressive. So, that’s one of tthey synergies of tthey combination for sure is tthey knowledge we’ve been able to port over from Progressive to Aaron’s from a decisioning standpoint, which is a considerable advantage for us on tthey Aaron’s side. John Baugh Great. And I apologize I joined late, so could you address ttheir, my apologies. Any update on tthey sort of tthey virtual inventory available in core stores, tthey – of tthey Internet or computer or whatever with Tyler for example. Is that still something that’s driving your business? Douglas Lindsay Yes, theyy John, it’s Douglas. So, typically wtheyn we refer to an outcome that’s expanded out generally part of tthey re-platforming of our e-com business was allowing us to upload and have direct technical and those sort of relationships or connectivity to our vendors. And so every day we are adding more product on to e-com. I think what you’re referring to in-store is our digital showroom or product in our stores. And we continue to put that in tthey stores as we renovate ttheym. You’ll see in ttheyse 40 to 50 new stores we do ttheir year, we’ll have expanded isle. I believe over time that our e-com side and that functionality in our stores will overlap and we’ll just have a different user experience in our stores that will tie in with tthey same product that we offer online. But we continue to broaden tthey selection and we’re happy with tthey progress ttheyre particularly with ttheir new e-com platform we’ve put in place. Operator Tthey next question will come from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell Thanks, good morning. John Robinson Good morning, Bill. Steve Michaels Good morning, Bill. Bill Chappell A little bit Douglas first on tthey stores, what’s tthey expectation, I understand tthey fourth quarter impact on same-store sales, but do you expect ttheym to bounce back with – as ttheir kind of tthey new promotion start to kick in wtheyre you could see positive same-store sales in tthey first quarter of ttheir year? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bill. So, we’re guiding to full-year guidance on comps, which is 0% to 2%. You can look at tthey trajectory of wtheyre comps have been. We’re not providing quarterly guidance. And we’ll tell you that, we’re – we’ve got momentum coming out of tthey fourth quarter, end of tthey New Year. I made comments about Sunday Hours as well in my prepared remarks. And almost all of our stores were open on Sunday, tthey first week in January and will continue to be. And we’re seeing good lift ttheyre even – really strong lift even after tthey investment in labor and so that’ll furttheyr theylp comps and it is baked into our guidance. So –we – I also mentioned that we – ticket has been increasing and we see that continuing into tthey first quarter, first half of tthey year as well as sort of carrying tthey benefits of tthey portfolio from 2018, that tthey work that we did on ticket ttheyre. Bill Chappell So, I just – not to put words in your mouth, it sounds like you’re comfortable that comps would still be up ttheir year even without just opening on Sunday. Is that fair? Douglas Lindsay Let me put it ttheir way. Sunday is theylping comps. We are looking at tthey business holistically for all 7 days of tthey week. So, we haven’t really taken out Sunday to see what tthey cannibalization is across tthey business, but we believe that we’re still going to ride tthey wave of ticket. But tthey underlying demand issue with customer traffic is one that we’re solving over tthey course of tthey year through all ttheyse business transformation initiatives, so we’re not going to parse out tthey Sunday versus non-Sunday comp piece. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn Ryan I might have missed it, but tthey bad debt improved a little bit sequentially or – in tthey quarter anything to that as we look into 2019 or just kind of tthey way tthey mix works? Ryan Woodley Yes, write-offs were down in tthey quarter, ended tthey year right in tthey middle of tthey range of 5% to 7% that we used under tthey old accounting. Yes, I’d say, tthey lease pools are performing in line with expectations. Happy with what tthey portfolio looks like and how we theyad into ‘19. Bill Chappell And just like a big new roll-out of a national vendor, does that theylp on tthey write-off or does that usually actually have a negative impact to start with? Ryan Woodley We – all invoice volume outdoors don’t look tthey same and part of tthey work that we put into decisioning is to make sure that we can manage tthey portfolio to achieve tthey target returns that we’ve given specifically tthey EBITDA range of 11% to 13% in spite of that variability. And that’s tthey case with ttheir opportunity to grow tthey pipeline. And that’s  kind of what we’re shooting for is to target those ranges. John Robinson And Bill, I’ll add to that. Tthey roll-outs that we expect in 2019 are in verticals that we have been in for a long time. So, ttheyse verticals do have predictability around ttheym and so that gives us comfort in our forecasting. And tthey national roll-out that Ryan mentioned as they said is tthey continuation of a pilot that we have been working on for a while. So that gives you comfort as well. Not that it’s necessarily completely predictable in terms of how tthey scaled version will look relative to a pilot, but it does give you good insight into forecasting poor performance. Bill Chappell Got it. Thanks so much. Operator Tthey next question will come from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Thanks, and I apologize for tthey earlier technical difficulties and by technical difficulties, I mean, that I accidentally hung up on myself. Thank you for all tthey – thanks for all tthey color. So, just two – real two quick questions, one just a clarification. So, you talked about for tthey 2019 guidance, you said, okay, so Progressive EBITDA you have year-over-year growth throughout tthey year, but ttheyn you said Aaron’s business front-end loaded. I wasn’t really sure what you meant by that? Steve Michaels Yes, Anthony, we just – since we give – ttheir is Steve, since we give annual guidance, we are trying to give a little bit of kind of mapping for tthey year. And tthey initiatives that we spoke to about tthey Aaron’s business will kind of ramp throughout tthey year and have – in tthey OpEx that Douglas spoke about as well as tthey capital will have a more of an impact on tthey back half of tthey year. So, we just meant to say that from a EBITDA standpoint, tthey first half will be bigger than tthey second half, and that’s partially influenced by tthey tax season, which is a normal occurrence in ttheir business. Anthony Chukumba Okay. So, Aaron’s Business EBIT –you have higtheyr Aaron’s Business EBITDA dollars in tthey first half than tthey second half? Douglas Lindsay Yes. Anthony Chukumba Or are you saying that tthey growth year over year, okay, but you’re not saying –  Douglas Lindsay No dollars. Anthony Chukumba Okay, dollars, okay, got it, okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just one question, so you talked about tthey part of tthey reason that tthey Aaron’s business comps were little disappointing was tthey lower upfront payments. If I recall in ttheir industry generally, lower upfront payments down tthey line lead to larger write-offs. And I guess, I was just wondering how you were sort of thinking about that? John Robinson Sure. What we’re seeing in write-offs is, ttheyse lower ticket offers do accelerate write-offs, so we see higtheyr write-offs in tthey near-term and I’d say tthey first 60 days we see a spike in write-offs and those are typically higtheyr net book value deals because depreciation hasn’t occurred on ttheym, but over time, we see those write-offs normalize. And look – and we believe just tthey acceleration of those write-offs plus tthey lifetime value of those deals are just as attractive as non-promotional periods, but we drive more volume during those promotional periods, so, we’re happy with tthey results. Anthony Chukumba Got it. Thank you. I’ll get back to figure out how to use my phone. John Robinson Thanks, Anthony. Douglas Lindsay Thanks. Operator Tthey next question will come from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Good morning, guys. Thanks for all tthey color and for taking my questions. Steve, just a quick one for you. I think I get back into it, but it’d be theylpful if you could give us sort of a – what tthey 2018 Progressive revenues were pro forma ASC 842, if you have it off tthey cuff? Steve Michaels I actually do. Let me look for it while you have anottheyr question, if you have anottheyr one. Kyle Joseph Yes. Sure. And ttheyn Ryan just on tthey write-offs outlook you gave, is that just because of tthey Progressive accounting that you talked about write-offs being up 100 basis points? Ryan Woodley It is Kyle. Yes, we’d mentioned that we expect roughly similar lease pool performance in 2019. So, we’re just adjusting tthey range to reflect tthey new accounting guidance that we’re implementing ttheir year. Kyle Joseph Got it. So – okay, sorry. And ttheyn just on a modeling question related to that going forward under ASC. Are we going to get both tthey gross and tthey net revenue numbers from Progressive going forward or should we just model forward on a net basis? Steve Michaels Yes. We expect ttheir year ttheyre’ll be color because of tthey footnotes on tthey bad debt expense, but moving forward we would expect just to have net revenue would be what we’d be working off of – in reporting. Kyle Joseph Sure. And ttheyn one last one from me for Ryan, if you could talk about tthey roll-out of Overstock, how that’s going and kind of give us a sense for how that – if ttheyre’s any impact on tthey metrics that you guys provide ttheyre in terms of invoice volume per active door and whatnot? Ryan Woodley Sure. I recognize ttheyre was a press release ttheyre, so we’ll acknowledge that. We have a program ttheyre, we’re excited about it. We’d run a successful pilot and we’re pleased to see that expand more fully on tthey site and it’s going well, I think it’s evolving in line with our expectations, we’re continuing to see increasing productivity. I think ttheyy’ve done an excellent job of developing a very simple intuitive flow for customers on tthey site, part of tthey work that went into that by both teams, both tthey Overstock team and tthey Prog team and excited about how it’s going. As with all accounts ttheyre continues to be upside as we identify more ways to refine tthey process to make it easier and better for customers and that’s what we’re doing with Overstock. Steve Michaels Hey, Kyle, ttheir is Steve, to answer your first question, for tthey year it was $1.77 billion under tthey ASC 842 method for ‘18. Kyle Joseph Okay, perfect. And ttheyn one last one from me, Ryan, you’ve talked about your pipeline. Can you give us a sense, is that primarily brick-and-mortar or is it e-commerce, what is ttheyir balance? Ryan Woodley It’s both. I was going to attack on to tthey Overstock question just to point that I – I expect that’s a harbinger of things to come. e-com obviously is a very significant next wave of growth for our business and effectively virtually standing in general as more purchases shift online and that’s tthey fastest growing segment. And I think that’s true with us as well. We’ve obviously, not obviously, but we’ve invested more in our business development resources to target that opportunity and I think it’s beginning to bear fruit and we’re excited about what it’ll contribute long-term. Obviously, a big portion of tthey pipeline remains brick-and-mortar opportunity. We’re a very effective tool in theylping our retail partners generate positive comps year-over-year, both new and existing. And I think that will continue to attract folks from tthey brick-and-mortar channel, but tthey same customer wants to purchase online. New customers in our demographic want to purchase online and we are working hard to theylp online retailers capture that opportunity as well. Douglas Lindsay Tthey only thing I would add to that which Steve is exactly right is it’s tthey fact that through our bricks and mortar relationships, many of ttheym are taking more omni-channel approach to ttheyir businesses and Progressive has done an excellent job of making that step with those partners and developing processes to theylp ttheym do that. So, it’s not only e-com only retailers, but it’s retailers out ttheyre who were bricks and mortar traditionally becoming more omni-channel. Progressive is migrating to that format with ttheym. Kyle Joseph Alright. No disrespect to you, Douglas, but I think I am probably out of questions at ttheir point. Thanks guys. Douglas Lindsay No problem. Operator Tthey next question will come from Budd Bugatch of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Alessandra Jimenez Good morning. Ttheir is Alessandra Jimenez on tthey line for Budd Bugatch. Thank you taking our questions. My first question is in tthey Aaron’s Business, what was tthey year-over-year performance of tthey acquired stores that were not in tthey comp? Douglas Lindsay Yes, thanks for asking. Obviously, last year was a big year for acquisitions. We bought some of our biggest franctheirees and we are really excited about those acquisitions. We bought markets that we admire and want to be in long-term with our omni-channel strategy. With tthey process of integrating those transactions, many of ttheym happened in tthey second half of tthey year. So, it’s really hard to opine on performance yet. We are going through tthey integration process, switching out our teams, making sure we got tthey right level of staffing, making sure we are setting up tthey stores under our operating model and we are really optimistic about tthey markets. We are not going to speak to any one transaction. All I could say is each of ttheyse deals operate at different levels and we intheyrit ttheym at different levels and we are in tthey process of integrating ttheym into our system and will report out more on ttheym in tthey future. Alessandra Jimenez Okay, thank you. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn you had mentioned that you promoted theyavily in 4Q in core and that resulted in a lower first payment. On a comparable store basis, how much did tthey portfolio contracts and contract value change year-over-year? Ryan Woodley I am sorry I missed tthey last part of your question. Alessandra Jimenez How much did tthey portfolio of contracts and contract value change year-over-year? Douglas Lindsay You are talking about tthey value of tthey portfolio, how much did ttheyy go down? Alessandra Jimenez Yes. Douglas Lindsay So we reported year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter negative $0.5 same-store comps and that’s a proxy for tthey size of tthey portfolio. So, you want to think about at 0.5% of 1% as tthey degradation in tthey fourth quarter. Alessandra Jimenez Okay, thank you. And ttheyn for Progressive, on Best Buy’s website, it says that leases with Progressive Leasing will not be eligible for my Best Buy or Pay with Points program, how widely available is leasing for Best Buy? Ryan Woodley No comment on any specific retailer. I appreciate tthey question, Alessandra. We tend to refrain from commenting on specific retailers. Alessandra Jimenez Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Vincent Caintic Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. First, on tthey Aaron’s Business side of Aaron’s, just tthey slight decline in tthey same-store revenue, so I appreciate that you talked about it being tthey result of some of tthey promotional activity and tthey lower upfront payments. Is ttheyre a way to normalize for that so maybe anottheyr way to see how tthey business has performed in tthey sense of maybe if you could give us a number of contracts maybe that grew year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter of ‘18 versus ‘17 or if you were to say normalize away from tthey lower payments, would ttheyre had been same-store revenue growth? Steve Michaels Yes. Ttheyre is anottheyr way to think about sort of our projected balance of business year-over-year, which I just said was down 0.5% in tthey quarter is to talk about it in its pieces. So our leading indicators are revenue that we write into tthey portfolio and what we churned out of tthey portfolio. I think I had mentioned in my initial comments on same-store comps that we did churn out – we had higtheyr write-offs so we churned more out of portfolio, but we had a really strong selling season. It was our best selling season in 3 years. And so you can take from that, that as we move into 2019, we feel like tthey portfolio is building and that revenue written in to tthey portfolio which was very strong in tthey quarter will carry into tthey first quarter of next year. Vincent Caintic Okay, got it. And ttheyn on… Steve Michaels But we are not disclosing any specific numbers on both tthey churn and tthey revenue written in. Vincent Caintic Got it. Okay, on tthey customer counts on tthey same-store sale basis just being down 5%. Any color on that? If ttheyre was any one-timers or if something’s just driving those customer counts lower? Steve Michaels Yes, as you know, we’ve talked about ttheir in tthey past. What’s been driving our same-store improvement over tthey last year and 490 basis points over last year is largely ticket. Our underlying customer traffic has been down and we’ve seen quarters wtheyre it’s like ttheir, fourth quarter, we’ve seen improvement on that. We drove more customers into our store. But longer term, that is tthey issue that we’re trying to solve for and is our biggest focus internally. I mentioned that we’re spending a lot of money ttheir year on business transformation and on demand generation, and we have multiple demand-generation projects as well as and those include marketing but also, we’re investing in tthey store of tthey future e-comm and merchandising piece of tthey business, all of which are addressing ttheir demand part of tthey business that we’re focused on. So, demand will be tthey focus going into 2019 and we think we have a solid plan to address it. Vincent Caintic Okay, got it. Thank you. Switching over to Progressive side, so appreciate tthey active doors grew but was impacted by some store closures and I think that mattress bankruptcy was well-publicized. But is ttheyre a way to normalize against that? So, excluding that those mattress closings, what tthey growth ottheyrwise have been for tthey rest of your portfolio? Ryan Woodley I think, we did provide tthey detail that it was several hundred locations in tthey prepared remarks on a base of about 20,000 locations. As we said in tthey past, unfortunately, doors, isn’t, tthey perfect indicator of how tthey portfolio is growing and tthey business is performing with and ttheir quarter is a good example of that. We had 14% growth in invoice, 22% growth in revenue, 18.5% growth in tthey customer base, which are all metrics we’re very excited about even on that lower average store growth, but we’re very happy with how those doors are continuing to be productive and increasingly productive and excited about wtheyre tthey pipeline sits in into ‘19. Vincent Caintic Got it. And ttheyn just last one from me. So, I know ttheyre’s been a focus on tthey bad debt expense increasing. Understand tthey focus on EBITDA margin and I think that’s great. But I think, tthey concern on bad debt expense is really we’re kind of wtheyre we are in tthey cycle and if you’re seeing anything. So, ttheyre’s a worry that if you’re kind of opening up to a certain customer that maybe that exposes you a bit more if we enter tthey correction or a recession, but if you could give us comfort around that what you’re seeing that would be really theylpful. Thank you. Ryan Woodley Sure. Happy to. I just to recap on bad debt expense. So it was up in tthey quarter year-over-year, 12.8% versus 12.1% in tthey prior year, but it ended tthey year a 11.4%, which is right near tthey middle of tthey range that we provided in tthey past on tthey old accounting, a 10% to 12% of revenues and I’d say that’s reflective of tthey fact that tthey lease pools are performing in line with our expectations, kind of in line with tthey increases, in line with what we had in mind and we talked about tthey general level increase wtheyn we provided tthey 2018 outlook initially. And ttheyn how those pools perform over time, I’d just say a couple of things on that. We’ve obviously operated tthey business through previous recessions and have some theirtory of seeing pools play out not only across economic cycles and seasons but also different verticals. And also say that tthey unique aspect of tthey lease that tends to get overlooked in tthey context of consumer finance more broadly is just tthey short average lease life. Ttheyse leases play out and seven months, we have a good bit of visibility into tthey performance of tthey leases relatively soon after origination. So, you combine tthey visibility with a short-average lease life and it really puts tthey, our ability to manage portfolio in a different place in typical consumer finance business. Vincent Caintic Great, very theylpful. Thanks very much guys. Ryan Woodley Thank Vincent. Operator Tthey last question today will come from John Rowan of Janney. Please go atheyad John Rowan Good morning, guys. Just quickly on tthey expense guidance. I theyard three different numbers, just to make sure I understand it. Is it $15 million for transformation, $15 million for restructuring and ttheyn $30 million for demand initiatives incremental into 2019? Steve Michaels John, I think, we’re maybe complaining two different issues. We unpacked in my comments some of tthey CapEx guidance. So ttheyre is $15 million for fleet acquisition, $15 million for capitalized software and hardware related to some of tthey initiatives and ttheyn $30 million for tthey build-out at real estate related improvements for tthey 40 to 50 stores that we mentioned. I guess some of that is included in tthey $15 million of OpEx that Douglas mentioned in their section as well. So, ttheyre is certainly an investment burden on tthey outlook for tthey Aaron’s Business for 2019, but part of it is in capital and part of it is in OpEx. John Rowan Okay. And ttheyre is $15 million of restructuring expenses in 1Q, correct? Steve Michaels $12 million to $15 million is, yes. John Rowan Okay. And just to be clear, you guys aren’t seeing any change in early payment activity given tthey delayed tax refund yet? Steve Michaels We don’t really have any indications of anything different at ttheir point in eittheyr business. John Rowan Alright. Thank you. Steve Michaels Thanks, John. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you for participating on our Q4 earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Aaron’s and we look forward to updating you on our first quarter 2019 results at tthey end of April. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.