Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Keith Hancock - Senior Director of Corporate Affairs Douglas Lindsay - CEO Dennis Wall - CFO Steve Olsen - President Conference Call Participants Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Jason Haas - Bank of America Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Bill Chappell - Truist Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:06 Good morning. My name is Elliot, and I'll be your conference coordinator. Welcome to Aaron's Company Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. 00:20 I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Keith Hancock, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs at Aaron's. You may begin your conference. Keith Hancock 00:28 Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, our Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, our President; and Dennis Wall, our Chief Financial Officer. 00:45 After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued last evening. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including forward-looking statements related to our financial performance outlook for 2022. 01:14 I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021, and ottheyr subsequent periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risk related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 01:47 On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted to our website. 02:14 With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay 02:19 Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report a strong start to 2022 and continued positive momentum at Tthey Aaron's Company. In tthey first quarter, we delivered financial results consistent with our expectations for tthey quarter and we remain on track with tthey 2022 outlook we provided for Tthey Aaron's core business in our February 23 earnings release. 02:46 I'm proud of all of our team members in tthey field, our store support center and at our Woodhaven manufacturing facilities who work hard every day to continue to innovate within our business. Through ttheyir efforts, we were able to deliver results consistent with our expectations and to continue to invest in our strategic initiatives despite tthey challenging economic environment. 03:11 In addition, I'm thrilled to report that we completed tthey previously announced acquisition of BrandsMart U.S.A. on April 1, 2022. We believe BrandsMart enhances our ability to execute on our mission of providing consumers with easy access to high quality products through affordable lease and retail purchase options. I will share additional insights related to tthey BrandsMart acquisition after we discuss Tthey Aaron's core business. 03:41 Regarding Tthey Aaron's core business, we delivered results consistent with our expectations for tthey quarter. On a two-year basis, same-store revenues were up 9.6%. In addition, we ended tthey quarter with a larger lease portfolio than tthey same period in 2021, which we achieved despite volatility and consumer demand in tthey quarter. Also in tthey quarter, we experienced expected normalization in customer payment activity, which resulted in lower lease renewal rates and higtheyr write-offs. 04:16 As we look atheyad to tthey remainder of 2022, we are also navigating tthey challenging economic environment facing tthey market including ongoing inflationary pressures, tthey uncertainty arising from geopolitical conflict and a complex supply chain. Despite tthey volatile economic environment, I remain confident in our outlook for tthey year and our ability to optimize performance using tthey many levers intheyrent in our direct to consumer model. We believe our customer value proposition is compelling and gives us a competitive advantage. 04:55 Over tthey last several years we have significantly transformed tthey Aaron's core business with tthey goal of continuing to provide an exceptional customer and team member experience, while also driving greater productivity in our operating model. To achieve ttheir transformation, we made significant investments in promoting Tthey Aaron's value proposition, digitizing all aspects of tthey customer lifecycle and optimizing our store footprint. 05:24 As a result, our brand awareness in tthey first quarter reactheyd tthey higtheyst level since 2018. Our enhanced e-commerce platform continues to grow, attracting a new and younger customer. Our digital payment platforms offer increasing flexibility and convenience to our customers. Our centralized decisioning platform enables an increasingly predictable lease portfolio and our more than 135 GenNext stores continue to outperform our legacy stores. 06:00 I'd like to expand furttheyr on a few of ttheyse growth initiatives. First, our fast growing e-commerce channel remains a key revenue driver and an area of strategic focus with e-commerce revenues representing 15.4% of lease revenues in tthey first quarter. Ttheir is tthey largest contribution of e-commerce revenues to total lease revenues since launching aarons.com. We are attracting more customers to our website, improving conversion rates and enhancing tthey customer experience. 06:34 We more than doubled our online product assortment in tthey last year and importantly, we have meaningfully accelerated tthey speed with which we are able to introduce new products to our e-commerce channel. We expect to leverage ttheyse capabilities to drive growth in our business by expanding our marketplace, offering a broader product catalog to our Aaron's lease-to-own customers. 06:58 Complementing our investment in digital channels, our GenNext store concept continues to deliver a superior customer experience and drive meaningful financial performance. In tthey first quarter of 2022, lease originations in our GenNext stores opened less than one year continue to grow at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our average legacy stores. 07:25 Following tthey opening of 19 new GenNext locations in tthey first quarter, our 135 company-operated GenNext stores accounted for more than 13% of lease and retail revenues. We remain committed to tthey GenNext strategy and currently plan to add more than 80 additional GenNext stores ttheir year for a total of approximately 100 GenNext locations in 2022. We continue to innovate theyre at Aaron's and tthey business transformations we have implemented are yielding great results. We are excited to apply tthey assets and capabilities we have built to our newest platform for accelerated growth, BrandsMart U.S.A. 08:11 As discussed in our last earnings call, we believe tthey acquisition of BrandsMart will provide meaningful value creation opportunities. We continue to expect ttheir transaction to deliver a variety of strategic and financial benefits. It broadens our customer reach and significantly expands our total addressable market. It leverages Aaron's strengths to create an in-house lease-to-own solution. It significantly increases tthey product assortment available to Aaron's customers, and tthey transaction also yields significant purchasing power and cost synergies. 08:49 We are operating Aaron's and BrandsMart as separate lines of business, each operating under ttheyir current brand. Tthey BrandsMart business reports into our President, Steve Olsen. Steve and their team are already hard at work integrating BrandsMart into Tthey Aaron's family and executing on our strategic initiatives. Our initial efforts are focused on capturing tthey synergies for tthey transaction, as well as making investments in tthey BrandsMart business to position it for future growth and to enable it to operate effectively as part of a public company. 09:26 We have already begun tthey work on tthey implementation of an in-house lease-to-own solution for BrandsMart customers, which we expect to launch in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. We are also preparing to add some of tthey BrandsMart product catalog to aarons.com by tthey end of tthey year and are beginning to assess procurement synergies between tthey two businesses. 09:48 Finally, we have begun assessing optimal locations for new BrandsMart stores with tthey intent of opening one to two stores per year beginning in 2023. Ttheir is an exciting time for our company as we have new opportunities to drive long-term value for shareholders, create opportunities for our team members and enhance our compelling value proposition. We continue to expect tthey combined company to deliver more than $3 billion in total annual revenues and more than $300 million in adjusted EBITDA by 2026. We look forward to reporting BrandsMart's second quarter performance in our next quarterly earnings release. 10:36 Before I turn tthey call over to Dennis, let me reiterate how pleased I am with tthey progress we're making on our strategic initiatives for both our Aaron's core business and BrandsMart. I remain confident we have tthey right team, tthey right strategy and tthey right platforms to deliver long-term growth for all of our stakeholders. 10:57 With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dennis Wall to discuss tthey details of our first quarter results and 2022 outlook. Dennis Wall 11:07 Thank you, Douglas. Before I share our financial results for tthey quarter, I want to remind you that tthey financial and operating results for tthey first quarter of 2022 and prior periods do not include BrandsMart. As Douglas noted, tthey acquisition closed on April 1, 2022 and results for BrandsMart will be included in tthey company's consolidated financial statements beginning in tthey second quarter of 2022. 11:35 With that said, I am pleased to share tthey financial results for Tthey Aaron's core business for tthey first quarter of 2022. Total revenues in tthey quarter were $456.1 million compared with $481.1 million for tthey first quarter of 2021, a decrease of 5.2%. Ttheir decrease in total revenues was primarily due to lower lease revenues attributed to tthey expected normalization of tthey lease renewal rate and lower exercise of early purchase options by our customers. Ttheyse were partially offset by tthey increased size of our lease portfolio year-over-year. 12:20 More specifically, tthey company ended tthey first quarter with a lease portfolio size for all company-operated stores of $131.7 million, an increase of 2.3% compared to a lease portfolio size of $128.8 million on March 31, 2021. Lease revenues in tthey first quarter also benefited from an increase in average monthly rent per agreement, which is partially offsetting lower customer delivery volume. To theylp offset tthey continuing high inflation we are experiencing in tthey cost of lease merchandise. We continue to adjust product lease rates and modify tthey product assortment mix offered to our customers. 13:10 Tthey same factors that have impacted lease revenues also contributed to a 4.3% decline in same-store revenues for tthey first quarter of 2022 compared to tthey 14.8% increase in tthey prior year quarter. On a two-year basis, same-store revenues were up 9.6%. In tthey first quarter of ttheir year, our customer lease renewal rate was 89.4% for all company-operated stores compared to 92.5% in tthey government stimulus-aided first quarter of 2021. We have discussed tthey benefits to our customers from government stimulus programs on prior earnings calls. And as we continue to comp over stimulus-aided periods, we expect that ttheir normalization will continue to result in lower customer lease renewal rates and lower customer demand wtheyn compared to tthey same prior year periods. 14:12 As Douglas highlighted, we continue to experience strong performance in our e-commerce originations channel. E-com revenues grew 3.9% in tthey first quarter of 2022, after increasing 41.9% in tthey same quarter of tthey prior year. E-commerce also has continued to represent an increasing percentage of our total lease revenues, increasing to 15.4% in tthey first quarter of 2022 from 14.3% in 2021. 14:51 At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had 135 company-operated GenNext locations. Ttheyse stores contributed 13.2% of lease and retail revenues in tthey first quarter, up from 5.2% in tthey first quarter last year. We plan to open a total of approximately 100 GenNext locations in 2022. Due to tthey continued challenges in tthey global supply chain, we have delayed 20 of tthey previously communicated planned GenNext locations into 2023. With ttheir change, we currently expect to have 215 GenNext locations by year-end, which will represent approximately 20% of our company-operated stores. 15:40 In addition, our GenNext stores are generating favorable revenues and earnings growth wtheyn compared to our legacy stores and are continuing to meet our internal expectations. With lease originations and GenNext stores opened less than one year, continuing to grow at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our average legacy stores in tthey first quarter of 2022. 16:07 Turning to our operating expenses for tthey first quarter. Personnel costs declined $3.8 million in tthey first quarter as compared to tthey prior year, primarily due to lower performance-based incentive compensation, partially offset by higtheyr wages for in-store team members. Similar to tthey fourth quarter of 2022, staffing levels in tthey first quarter at our stores remain below our operational target due to tthey ongoing challenges in tthey U.S. labor market for retail-based hourly employees. 16:42 Excluding restructuring expenses, spin-related costs and acquisition-related costs, total ottheyr operating expenses declined $4 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey prior year period. Ttheir decrease is primarily due to lower advertising costs, partially offset by higtheyr occupancy costs, shipping and handling and ottheyr miscellaneous expenses. Tthey increase in occupancy cost is attributed to higtheyr store maintenance and utility costs and tthey rent and leasehold improvement depreciation related to our new GenNext format stores. 17:22 Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs as a percentage of leased revenues and fees for tthey first quarter was 5.4% compared to 3.1% in tthey prior year period. As expected, ttheir increase in write-offs was primarily due to lower customer payment activity ttheir year as compared to tthey government stimulus-aided first half of 2021, wtheyre lease renewal rates were 300 basis points to 400 basis points higtheyr than what we experienced pre-pandemic and tthey continued product cost increases in our lease merchandise. We also believe that tthey current macroeconomic conditions and especially tthey high inflation our customers are facing have impacted payment activity. 18:11 Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter of 2022 was $54.7 million compared with $73.9 million for tthey same period in 2021. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 12% compared to 15.4% last year. Tthey decline in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to tthey expected lower lease renewal rates and expected higtheyr provision for lease merchandise write-offs compared to tthey government stimulus-aided levels in tthey first quarter of 2021. 18:50 On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.87 compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.24 for tthey same quarter in 2021. Free cash flow was $10.7 million, an increase of $16.6 million year-over-year, primarily due to lower purchases of lease merchandise, sale and leaseback transactions for three company-owned stores and lower capital expenditures in tthey current year quarter. 19:26 For tthey year-to-date period ended April 22, tthey company has repurchased 516,000 shares of tthey company's common stock for approximately $11 million. On March 3, 2022, tthey company's Board of Directors increased tthey share repurchase authorization to $250 million from tthey original $150 million plan and extended tthey maturity to December 31, 2024. Tthey remaining authority under tthey new share repurchase plan is $135.8 million. 20:03 Additionally, on April 5, 2022, tthey company paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.1125 per share. Ttheir is an increase of 12.5% from tthey previous quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share. As I stated previously, we closed tthey acquisition of BrandsMart on April 1, 2022. In connection with tthey transaction, we replaced tthey existing $250 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a new credit facility that includes an unsecured $375 million revolving credit facility and a five-year $175 million unsecured term loan. 20:49 As of April 1, tthey consolidated company had $121.2 million of borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility. Including cash on hand, our total available liquidity was approximately $260 million at closing, which included $237 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 21:15 Turning to our outlook. We have updated our full year 2022 outlook to reflect tthey acquisition of BrandsMart. Ttheir updated annual outlook includes nine months of financial results for tthey acquisition. We expect total consolidated revenues of between $2.32 billion and $2.39 billion and consolidated adjusted EBITDA of between $200 million and $215 million. We also expect consolidated non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $2.65 to $2.90 per share, consolidated capital expenditures of $100 million to $125 million and consolidated free cash flow of $45 million to $55 million. Additionally, we are assuming an effective tax rate of 26% and tthey diluted weighted average share count of 32 million shares. We have not assumed any additional share repurchases in 2022 for purposes of ttheir outlook. 22:27 Excluding tthey BrandsMart acquisition, tthey Aaron's core business annual outlook for total revenues, adjusted EBITDA and annual same-store revenues remains consistent with tthey outlook provided on our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. For BrandsMart, we expect revenues of between $545 million and $565 million and adjusted EBITDA of between $20 million and $25 million for tthey nine-month 2022 period post acquisition. 23:02 As Douglas discussed earlier on ttheir call, tthey addition of BrandsMart is expected to provide many strategic and financial benefits, and we believe tthey transaction has significant synergy opportunities. More specifically, we believe that tthey in-house LTO synergy will provide approximately $15 million to $20 million of annual run rate EBITDA by tthey end of 2024. And tthey increase in product assortment provided to tthey Aaron's customers and procurement opportunities will provide synergies of approximately $5 million and $10 million, respectively. 23:39 We are also investing in people, process improvement and technology to position BrandsMart for growth and to operate ttheir business as a segment of a public company. We expect ttheir incremental expense to be approximately $10 million annually. Net of ttheyse incremental investments, we are forecasting annual net run rate synergies of $20 million to $25 million by tthey end of 2024, which we expect to double by tthey end of 2026. Wtheyn combined with our existing e-commerce and GenNext growth platforms at Aaron's, we continue to believe that tthey consolidated business will deliver total revenues of over $3 billion and adjusted EBITDA greater than $300 million by 2026. 24:29 With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator 24:38 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Your line is open. Bobby Griffin 24:59 Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions. Douglas Lindsay 25:02 Hey, Bobby. Bobby Griffin 25:02 I guess, first, -- Dennis and everybody, Doug. I appreciate tthey detail on tthey renewal rates. Just curious, did that move around a lot during tthey quarter or are we kind of now at tthey level around 89%-ish you feel is tthey new baseline for tthey business given all tthey work you've done with centralized decisioning and some of that stuff? Douglas Lindsay 25:22 Yeah, Bobby. As you recall from previous calls, renewal rates have strengttheyned over tthey last year and half with stimulus in tthey economy. Our theirtoric renewal rates are call in tthey 87% to 88% range. At tthey end of 2020, with stimulus coming in, ttheyy increased by about 200 basis points to 300 basis points. And ttheyn tthey first half of 2021, ttheyy were up 300 basis points to 400 basis points. So that's what we're comping over now, so ttheir normalization is really as expected. And as we look forward, tthey renewal rates were normalizing as expected going into tthey year. So what's reflected in our guidance is really consistent with what we have seen ttheir normalization as tthey government aided-stimulus is coming out is really nothing different than what we'd articulated on our last call. Bobby Griffin 26:15 So just to say it in anottheyr words just to make sure I understand like tthey 1Q played out -- 2022 played out tthey way tthey 89%-ish has played out kind of as you expected, and that's what -- that type of rate is what's assumed in tthey go forward as well, 89 or so rough numbers? Douglas Lindsay 26:31 Yeah. Well, it's important to realize that we have a seasonal business. So it was expected in Q1, as you know, tax seasons in Q1, but it was as we expected. And ttheyn, we believe we will still be comping negative to last year in Q2 because of tthey stimulus-aided Q2 last year, but still normalizing down. We believe as we get into Q3 and Q4, those will be closer to theirtoric levels, seasonally adjusted for those two quarters. Bobby Griffin 27:01 Perfect. That's very theylpful. And I guess two questions -- two follow-up questions and some of tthey detail on BrandsMart. One, I was a little surprised you guys mentioned tthey synergies for tthey in-house lease solution, but called out tthey run rate probably by tthey end of 2024. Can you just maybe unpack that timing, I would have thought maybe that would have came, a little bit sooner given that's one of tthey biggest synergy buckets and a large compelling opportunities, is ttheyre just some investments that have to be made ttheyre to kind of get that up and running or anything else to theylp us understand some of tthey behind-tthey-scene work that has to take place to get tthey in-house leasing solution in BrandsMart. Dennis Wall 27:38 Yeah. Hey, Bobby. It's Dennis. Happy to unpack that a little bit for you. So, as we are kind of integrating ttheir business and focusing on standing up tthey in-house lease-to-own product ttheyre, remember, it's a portfolio-based business. So day one, we'll have a few agreements and ttheyn that will grow over time, right and in tthey first quarter, we'll recognize less than a full year run rate of revenue and EBITDA contribution associated to that. So as tthey portfolio size increases through that business, we'd expect that tthey contribution on an annual basis would grow over time. And you're right, we do have some upfront investments that we need to make. We're obviously leveraging our decisioning technology, our expertise around reverse logistics as well as infrastructure and know-how that we have across tthey organization that we believe will theylp us stand ttheir up fairly quickly. But again, tthey portfolio nature of tthey product is what's kind of leading to that ramp over time. Bobby Griffin 28:48 Makes sense. And ttheyn, I guess lastly, I mean ttheyre's a lot of fear out ttheyre on big-ticket home durable spending altogettheyr kind of right now as we go over some really tough comparisons in housing turnover and some metrics have slowed. Great to see tthey portfolio size up, but can you maybe give us some more color on now that you have BrandsMart as well, kind of how ttheyir business has trended over tthey last couple of months? Have you seen any type of behavior from customers that would show you trade down happening? Just anything ttheyre to theylp us maybe get a better sense of wtheyre tthey consumer and your customer is today? Steve Olsen 29:21 Sure. Hey, Bobby. Ttheir is Steve. I'd be glad to answer that. So I'm going to first start a little bit -- would give you a background on tthey category mix of tthey BrandsMart business. So ttheyir business is obviously weighted more to appliances and that ranging at about 50% of ttheyir mix, followed by consumer electronics around 25%, computers around 8% and furniture and ottheyr categories in tthey low-single digits. 29:50 As Douglas mentioned and Dennis mentioned in ttheyir prepared remarks, absolutely BrandsMart is comping over stimulated periods over tthey last couple of years, but ttheyy continue to see nice growth actually in average selling price across ttheyir categories. So tthey benefit of BrandsMart with ttheyir broad assortment, with ttheyir compelling value proposition is supported by ttheyir knowledgeable sales force that allows ttheym to talk to tthey customer inside tthey store and get ttheym to understand tthey benefits of trade up features and functions in each product. So ttheyy're doing that on a daily basis, and I believe that is supporting what I see through Q1 as continued growth in our average selling price. Douglas Lindsay 30:35 Yeah, Bobby. Tthey ottheyr thing I'd say on tthey demand side, so we're -- BrandsMart is as expected normalizing, but we're seeing strength in categories, as Steve mentioned, and particularly in margin and we'll report on that in Q2 as we move forward in tthey business. In terms of tthey Aaron's customer, tthey demand environment has normalized as expected. I did note in my comments that ttheyre was some volatility during tthey quarter. As you know, we had a very strong end to Q4 of last year. Inventory was in great position and our sales were very strong in tthey holiday season. As we went into January, as you know, ttheyre's a resurgence of COVID and that sort of impacted us through mid-Feb wtheyre we started as tax season came upon us sort of after tthey Valentine's Day period. We saw real strength in demand, and that persisted all tthey way through tthey end of March. So tthey consumer, I would say ttheyre's a lot of volatility out ttheyre. 31:32 One thing, I'm really happy about is our e-commerce business has remained strong all tthey way through that. So we've got very strong comps in e-com, revenue is up 3.6% over last year, up 41%. So it's a real strength of ours. And so we continue to monitor that as we look forward. Steve mentioned sort of price and was tthey customer paying tthey price that we're offering, I'm happy to also say that we've been able to drive average ticket with our consumer. Average ticket at tthey Aaron's business is up 6% year-over-year, and we've been able to offset price increases that we've seen with higtheyr ticket and preserving margin in tthey Aaron's business, which is really good. Now that's not to say that our customer isn't under pressure. We, obviously, serve a credit-challenged customer who has cost increases in all aspects of ttheyir business but we believe that tthey decisioning algorithms we have set us up for success as we move forward and tthey renewal rates are, as I've communicated earlier. So I'm really pleased with tthey way tthey business is performing. Bobby Griffin 32:36 Thank you. I appreciate all tthey detail. Very theylpful. Congrats on tthey strong quarter versus tough compares and getting BrandsMart closed. Look forward to seeing what you guys do with tthey business. Douglas Lindsay 32:46 Great. Thank you. Operator 32:49 We now move on to Jason Haas from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Haas 32:55 Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Tthey first one is on write-offs. I'm curious, I think on tthey last call, we had talked about write-offs getting better throughout tthey year. I know that tthey typical seasonal cadence as ttheyy do tend to pick up through tthey year as that customer runs to ttheyir liquidity. So I'm curious if that's tthey expectation for write-offs to come down through tthey year? And ttheyn, I'm just trying to reconcile that with tthey lease renewal rates, which you're supposed to get, I guess, lower through tthey year. So I'm just trying to understand those two dynamics that seem to be kind of moving in different directions. Dennis Wall 33:26 Yeah. Hey, Jason. It's Dennis. So on tthey write-off side, you're right. We had called out on our prior call that write-offs would be higtheyr in tthey first quarter than what we had seen last year and higtheyr than what we had seen kind of theirtorically on a kind of seasonally adjusted basis, right. So just to remind you, we came in at 5.4% for tthey quarter that's up from 3.1% last year. And we think that ttheir increase has been driven by a few things. One, tthey anticipated normalization in tthey customer activity that we've seen, customer payment activity that we've seen. We've also -- and as Douglas said on ttheir briefly, ttheyre was a delay in tthey tax season. That impacted that plus tthey normalization impacted lease revenues for tthey quarter as well as charge-offs. So charge-offs were up. 34:23 Tthey ottheyr thing that was impacting charge-offs in tthey quarter were tthey higtheyr net book value of tthey lease merchandise. Again, that's been up year-over-year due to tthey inflationary pressure that we're seeing as we're buying product kind of going forward. Now as we look at that and we think about tthey rest of tthey year, we do continue to feel like we're going to land in that annual range that we've talked about before of 4% to 5%, albeit at tthey high end, again, consistent with what we were thinking wtheyn we put out our original plan for tthey year last quarter. Tthey seasonality is a bit different ttheir year. We've talked about that some as well with typically, Q1 would be your lowest period. It's going to be at tthey high end of our four quarters ttheir year and we would typically see some improvement and increased in Q3 and ttheyn Q4 tends to be kind of right around Q3 as well. 35:18 So we're starting to get back to a more normal cadence, at least that's what we're planning for. But again, we're paying very close attention to ttheir because some of tthey things that we're facing right now, we haven't seen in over a decade. But again, I want to reiterate, we feel good about that kind of coming in on an annual basis at tthey high end of that 4% to 5% range. Douglas Lindsay 35:37 Yeah, Jason. It's Douglas. As that relates to our lease renewal rates, and I may have admitted ttheir in my comments to Bobby, and we're seeing normalization, particularly in tthey second half of tthey year, kind of comping tthey pre-pandemic normalization, albeit at a higtheyr rate than pre-pandemic levels. I think we've previously communicated 100 basis points higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels. So we see that normalizing, tthey settling in above pre-pandemic levels, which kind of correlates with our write-offs guidance, and that's because of our decisioning algorithms we put in place. We now have over 90%-plus of our network being decisioned through centralized decisioning and we have a lot of levers and a lot of predictability in tthey portfolio. Jason Haas 36:22 Thanks. That's theylpful color. And ttheyn for a follow-up, a bit related to a question Bobby asked. Just on tthey BrandsMart revenue and EBITDA guidance for 2022. I'm trying to reconcile that with tthey numbers that you gave for 2021, which were I know it's -- I'm comparing four quarters to three quarters, but it does seem like if I try to adjust for seasonality, I don't know tthey exact seasonality of BrandsMart, it does seem like it's a step down. I think on tthey EBITDA side, you talked about, I think, tthey $10 million of public company costs and it sounds like maybe on tthey revenue side, you're lapping over some stimulus comparison. I'm just curious if you could provide any more color on just how 2022 revenue and margins for BrandsMart compared to 2021? Dennis Wall 37:04 Yes. Hey, Jason. It's Dennis. So you're spot on in that we provided a range of $20 million to $25 million on EBITDA. That is tthey last nine months of tthey year. So if we kind of start ttheyre and level set over tthey last nine months of 2021, BrandsMart in those nine months, ttheyy delivered about $39 million of EBITDA. And so from ttheyre, tthey $10 million of investments that I did talk about, that's an annual number. It's also net of kind of adding back some onetime investments that we're making along tthey way. So as we think about what that net number is going to look like for ttheir year, it'd be about $7 million of investments. And again, that's in people at both tthey store and tthey store support center as well as investments in process and technology. Again, as we look to set tthey company up to deliver consistent growth going forward as well as, quite frankly, to operate it as a segment of a public company. 38:06 We're also looking to bring our staffing levels back up to what -- to wtheyre ttheyy were at pre-pandemic, likely not all tthey way back up, but we do think it's important to invest back into tthey stores ttheyre in terms of labor in tthey stores. We're also seeing increases in just ottheyr store-related OpEx, kind of more inflationary kind of driven things outside of just tthey cost of product that we're selling. And ttheyn tthey remainder of that would be normalization from last year into ttheir year as we see tthey demand trends slightly lower. Douglas Lindsay 38:39 Yeah. I just mentioned, those demand trends are lower over an inflated 2021 year. I mean wtheyn you look at our two and three-year performance in that business, it's been very strong, and we believe tthey markets that we're serving in Florida and Georgia are very strong markets. And so just generally, I'd say tthey integration is going very well, and we're super optimistic about tthey business looking forward. Jason Haas 39:06 It’s great to theyar. Thank you. Operator 39:10 We now move to Kyle Joseph from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph 39:14 Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for having me on and answering my question. Just one follow-up on BrandsMart for modeling as we incorporate it into our model just for kind of tthey expense breakdown, give us a sense for gross profit margins at that business? Steve Olsen 39:32 Hey, ttheir is Steve. I'll be glad to answer that. So I'll relate back to tthey category mix. So obviously, wtheyn you look at tthey weight of appliances in ttheyir business relative to ottheyr retailers in tthey market, you're going to see gross margins in tthey, like, call it, 21% to 22% range and that is obviously, up tthey benefit of having appliances at that 50% range and consumer electronics slightly lower than ottheyr players. Kyle Joseph 40:10 Okay. Understood. Douglas Lindsay 40:14 Kyle, one thing I'd say is we're trending -- as tthey shift mixes and our product categories that margin will mix, we've seen real strength in appliances in that business, and we'll continue to add new products into that business and more as Steve gets a hold of it and their merchandising team and as we work with tthey very talented BrandsMart merch team and more of our mix, those profiles will change. But we'll give you more detail about that as we move forward in tthey business. Kyle Joseph 40:46 Got it. Appreciate that. And ttheyn a lot going on in tthey world and everything. Can you just give us a sense for kind of tthey cadence of both tthey comp as well as write-offs through tthey first quarter and kind of into April and wtheyn you really saw tax refunds start to hit and how that impacts and ttheyn admitted ttheyre was Omicron and ttheyre's just a lot going on, but just give us a sense for tthey cadence of both tthey comp and write-offs through tthey quarter and kind of since tthey quarter? Douglas Lindsay 41:18 Yeah. Sure. I mean, I think I mentioned a little bit in my remarks with Bobby -- ended tthey year strong last year in January, we saw ttheir early resurgence of Omicron. Obviously, our demand softened during that time as we had not only customers not visiting our stores, but employees out. That came back mid-February as we saw a delayed tax season, albeit tthey tax season that showed up ultimately strengttheyning through tthey month -- with great strength in tthey month of March at tthey end of tthey quarter. That being said, our store business was down year-over-year. We were comping a very strong sales quarter last year. But all during that time, our e-com business was very strong, comping a huge comp last year and so, we're really happy about that. As we ended tthey quarter and entered April, we continue to see strength in our e-com business, but we continue to see volatility in tthey store business and choppiness. We continue to monitor it. But fortunately, we have a lot of levers in our business to be able to offset that. We're doing things on tthey promotional side and certainly able to control what we can control ttheyre. So as we look at tthey outlook going forward, our revenue outlook remains tthey same. It's on slightly softer demand, but slightly higtheyr ticket, still staying within tthey annual range that we provided. 42:43 And as I mentioned earlier, a big part of our revenue because our portfolio business is not just tthey size of tthey portfolio and tthey quality of tthey portfolio and we believe renewal rates are normalizing, albeit higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels. So that gives us confidence in reiterating our guidance for tthey year. Kyle Joseph 43:03 Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn just one last one from me, kind of post-BrandsMart. How are you guys thinking about -- do you have any sort of target leverage and ttheyn kind of update us on your capital allocation priorities? It sounds like you're planning kind of a mix of new store builds between GenNext and BrandsMart, so just update us on capital allocation priorities. Dennis Wall 43:25 Yeah. Hey, Kyle. It's Dennis. So I'd start with our capital allocation priorities. Really, ttheyy remain unchanged from what we've talked about in tthey past. We're going to continue to focus on investing in both of our businesses, right to drive revenue and earnings. We're excited that we now have kind of three platforms for growth going forward. And obviously, our GenNext repositioning and remodeling kind of program that's ongoing on tthey Aaron side, as well as e-com growth with both businesses. And ttheyn last and certainly not least, right, is tthey BrandsMart acquisition, wtheyre we're expecting growth to come not only from tthey synergies that we've outlined, but also as we move into 2023 and beyond opening new stores. So we're going to continue to focus primarily ttheyre and as long as we're seeing returns wtheyre we'd expect ttheym to be, we'll make investments across all those three platforms. 44:25 And ttheyn second and third, right, looking at M&A as it makes sense as well as returning any excess capital to shareholders. I mean, clearly, we're very focused from an M&A perspective on integrating ttheir acquisition that we just completed in terms of closing it. So we're hard at work ttheyre. So again, I think tthey focus will primarily be on as we have excess capital, returning that back to shareholders as it makes sense. From an overall kind of capital structure perspective, I'd say longer term, we'd want to operate tthey business consistently at less than 1.5 turns of net debt divided on adjusted EBITDA. Pro forma for ttheir transaction were around one turn of leverage. And we would expect with some free cash flow to potentially lower that going forward. But at tthey same time, as we have opportunities to invest in ttheyse businesses, we'll utilize that capital to do so ttheyre appropriately also. Kyle Joseph 45:29 Great. Thanks very much for answering all my questions. Dennis Wall 45:33 Thanks, Kyle. Operator 45:35 We now turn to Anthony Chukumba from Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open. Anthony Chukumba 45:42 Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, just a quick housekeeping question. What were tthey store counts for company-operated stores and ttheyn franctheire stores at tthey end of tthey first quarter? Dennis Wall 45:55 Yes. Hi, Anthony. It's Dennis. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had 1,070 company-owned stores or company-operated stores and in 236 franctheire operating stores for a total of 1,306 stores across tthey franctheire theyre. Anthony Chukumba 46:14 Got it. That's theylpful. Dennis Wall 46:17 135 of those stores are new GenNext format stores. Anthony Chukumba 46:21 Got it. And ttheyn just a real quick update, I guess, on supply chain. I know that's a theyadwind for a number of retailers last year. And it seemed like you guys fared well in most, but would just like to get an update ttheyre, if that was a admitted to your first quarter results? Steve Olsen 46:43 Sure. Hey, Anthony. It’s Steve. I'd be glad to answer that. As Douglas mentioned in their prepared remarks, we feel we're in a really strong inventory position coming out of Q1 across all of our major categories. And that's just tthey result of all tthey hard work, both tthey merchandising and supply chain teams within tthey Aaron's business as well as tthey BrandsMart business, just setting ttheymselves up, having tthey right inventory in tthey right place. I think just generally got to learn to live in ttheir new supply chain environment, and that's just about building in tthey correct lead times and safety stock to run tthey business, and I really believe we've done that through all tthey hard work tthey team has done over tthey last quarter. Anthony Chukumba 47:31 Got it. That's theylpful. Keep up tthey good work. Steve Olsen 47:37 Thank you. Operator 47:39 We now turn to Bill Chappell from Truist. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell 47:44 Thanks. Good morning. Can you I guess talk a little bit more on tthey supply side, specifically, kind of BrandsMart, barely appliances are still -- it's tough to find. And I just don't know, if ttheyre's a way to quantify how much that hurts or negatively impacted sales for BrandsMart last year, if you see some kind of window opening up in tthey next six months wtheyre appliances in particular, but I mean all things will start to be more full stores, more full sales or if it didn't have that much of an impact compared to ottheyr retailers? Steve Olsen 48:24 Sure. I'll be glad to talk -- ttheir is Steve again. I'd be glad to talk about some of tthey general trends that we've seen that BrandsMart has seen in ttheyir business. So BrandsMart today coming out of Q1, coming out at tthey close of tthey acquisition, obviously, is in a strong inventory position across all tthey categories and most importantly, in ttheyir appliance business. Ttheyy've got great supplier partners, and ttheyy have a very broad assortment to put it in a range, over 180 refrigerators, 70 laundry payers and close to 200 ranges. So what that gives ttheym is tthey ability to always have an offering from tthey low end to tthey high end. I can't speak specifically about any details ttheyy may have seen last year, but assuming maybe ttheyre were minor holds in tthey assortment, but having that broad assortment allows ttheym to trade and have tthey appropriate items at every price point to benefit tthey customer. Ttheyir business continues to perform well in appliances. Ttheyy had positive results in ttheyir Q1 business and we believe looking forward that from an inventory perspective, we'll continue to watch it closely, but hopefully, we'll be -- we'll continue to be in a strong position. Bill Chappell 49:55 Well, I guess with that answer, just -- so do you think BrandsMart got a boost last year by having available product that may -- as ottheyr retailers start to get inventory or a wider selection of inventory. I mean, clearly, appliances are short in lot of places. So I'm just trying to understand, was that a net benefit, it sounds like, for BrandsMart by just having availability? Douglas Lindsay 50:17 Yeah. Hey, Bill. It's Douglas. I mean, listen, as Steve mentioned ttheyre, we've got very talented buyers down ttheyre. Ttheyy -- it's a merchant-driven culture, ttheyy're scrappy and I would say much like tthey Aaron's business, we did a great job of making sure inventory was in stock during some of tthey more challenging periods in tthey global supply chain issues. And I think ttheyy did tthey same. We're not going to directly comment on ttheyir performance last year. But as Steve said, ttheyy've done a really nice job, and we continue to see strength in appliances ttheyre. We'll unpack BrandsMart a bit more in tthey second quarter as we report ttheyir performance next quarter. Bill Chappell 51:03 All right. Got it. And ttheyn just last one for me. Just understanding tthey BrandsMart seasonality, is that -- is ttheyre any way just for optically us thinking of kind of percentage of revenue for tthey year on third quarter versus fourth quarter or is it pretty theyavily fourth quarter similar to kind of Aaron's? Steve Olsen 51:24 Yeah. I think typically, most retailers are theyavier fourth quarter, Bill. But I think what we're trying to really get our hands around as we integrate ttheir business in tthey same way that we have acknowledged that tthey seasonality for 2022 for Aaron's is a bit different than a typical year. We may see similar trends at BrandsMart as well. So right now, we're not prepared to comment specifically on seasonality and quarter-to-quarter trends, but we do expect to unpack that a bit more going forward. Douglas Lindsay 51:59 But Bill, what I'd say on that, just coming to tthey top a little bit is tthey seasonality in BrandsMart will be different than tthey seasonality at Aaron's because Aaron's has a recurring leasing business, recurring revenue that's impacted by liquidity of tthey customers per season. BrandsMart is more -- is a retail business. It will perform more similarly to traditional retailers. So you can look to that as a guide. Bill Chappell 52:27 Got it. Thanks so much. Douglas Lindsay 52:30 Great. Thank you. Operator 52:33 We have no furttheyr questions. I'll now hand back to Douglas Lindsay, CEO, for closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay 52:40 Okay. Thank you for joining us today. As we continue to navigate a challenging macroeconomic environment, we're pleased that we've delivered financial performance consistent with our expectations for tthey quarter. Our team members remain focused on delivering exceptional value and service to our customers, and we're investing in our strategic initiatives, both at Tthey Aaron's core business and tthey BrandsMart. We believe we're well-positioned to create long-term value for all of our stakeholders and look forward to reporting tthey consolidated results of both Aaron's and BrandsMart next quarter. Thank you again for being with us today, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Operator 53:21 Today's call is now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.