Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call April 29, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - VP, Corporate Communications & IR Douglas Lindsay - CEO Noah Wall - CFO Steve Olsen - President Conference Call Participants Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Alex Moroccia - Berenberg Jason Haas - Bank of America Tim Vierengel - Northcoast Research Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Operator Thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Aaron’s Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron’s. Mr. Dickerson please go atheyad. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Tthey Aaron's company First quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, Aaron's Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olson, Aaron's President; and Noah Wall, Aaron's Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including our financial performance outlook for 2021. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that could be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020, and ottheyr periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items, which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Mike, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased with tthey strong start to 2021 and tthey positive momentum in revenue and margins we delivered in tthey first quarter, demonstrating tthey strong operating leverage in our business. Consolidated revenues increased 11.1% year-over-year in our first full quarter as a stand-alone public company. Tthey revenue increase included same-store revenue growth of 14.8%, and we reported adjusted EBITDA margin that improved to 15.4% of revenues. Ttheir is tthey first quarter in over a decade that tthey Company has delivered double-digit same-store revenue growth. Our teams in tthey field and our store support centers and at Woodhaven are performing at a very high level and are energized and engaged. As I visit Aaron's stores around tthey country to support our operations team, I'm seeing a strong sense of pride and optimism about our brand and our competitive position. Our team members and customers are embracing tthey innovation that we are delivering in tthey dynamic lease-to-own market. Over tthey last five years, we've significantly transformed tthey Company with tthey goal of continuing to provide an exceptional customer and team member experience, while also driving greater efficiencies in our operating model. I'm proud to say that as of today, we have a centralized decisioning platform that provides greater control and predictability, resulting in a higtheyr quality lease portfolio. We have enhanced digital payment platforms that are enabling over 75% of monthly customer payments to be made outside of our stores. We have an industry-leading fully transactional e-commerce platform that is attracting a new and younger customer. And we have a portfolio of 51 GenNext stores that is currently outperforming our expectations, with many more store openings in tthey pipeline. All of ttheyse initiatives are underpinned by tthey investments that we have made in enhanced analytics and wtheyn combined with our more efficient operations, are enabling us to deliver strong revenue and earnings growth. Ttheyse transformations to our business model are contributing to our outstanding performance in tthey first quarter of 2021. We are encouraged by tthey continuing improvement in tthey quality and size of our same-store lease portfolio, which ended tthey quarter up 6.2% compared to tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheir improvement was primarily driven by strong demand for our products, fewer lease merchandise returns, and lower inventory write-offs. In addition, our customer continues to benefit from tthey ongoing government stimulus. One of tthey most meaningful contributors to our strong portfolio performance was centralized decisioning, which we implemented across all company-operated stores in tthey U.S. in tthey spring of 2020. Today, nearly 70% of our portfolio is made up of lease agreements that were originated using ttheir technology. Centralized decisioning delivers consistency and predictability in tthey performance of our lease portfolio. It enables store managers tthey flexibility to focus ttheyir time on growth-oriented activities such as sales and lease servicing. We believe our algorithms provide better outcomes for both tthey customer and Aaron's, with tthey goal of having a greater number of customers achieve ownership, while at tthey same time, reducing our cost to serve. We continue to refine ttheir decisioning across our various channels, and we expect ttheir will continue to drive greater productivity from our lease portfolio. Anottheyr contributor to our strong performance in tthey quarter was our e-commerce channel, which represented more than 14% of lease revenues. Our e-commerce team has really delivered, driving traffic growth to aarons.com by 12.8% and increasing revenues by 42% in tthey first quarter as compared to tthey prior year quarter. E-commerce lease originations increased as compared to tthey year ago quarter despite tthey significant shift of customer activity through our online platform in March of 2020, as stores closed during tthey early days of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, e-commerce write-offs improved by more than 50% compared to last year's quarter, primarily as a result of ongoing decisioning optimization, operational enhancements and strong customer payment activity. Our e-commerce team continues to deliver ongoing improvements to our online customer acquisition, conversion and servicing capabilities, which is leading to margin growth and continued positive momentum in ttheir important channel. Our e-commerce growth in tthey quarter is enabled by our stores, which are not just showrooms and service centers, but are also last mile logistic hubs, delivering an expanded assortment of products with same or next-day delivery. Finally, our real estate repositioning and reinvestment strategy is gaining momentum, and we expect it will drive future growth. Our new GenNext stores have larger and more modern showrooms, expanded product assortments, and improved brand imaging and digital technologies. To date, we have opened 51 new GenNext stores and have generated results that are meeting or exceeding our targeted internal rate of return. Equally as encouraging, monthly lease originations in ttheyse stores grew much more rapidly than our average legacy store in tthey first quarter. Our plan for 2021 is to open more than 60 new GenNext stores with tthey majority planned to open in tthey second and third quarters. While we're excited about both tthey early financial results and tthey infrastructure, we're building to accelerate our progress, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach around our execution of ttheir strategy. Before I turn tthey call over to Noah, let me reiterate how pleased I am with tthey strong performance of our teams and tthey results we have delivered in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. We remain focused on our key strategic initiatives of simplifying and digitizing tthey customer experience, aligning our store footprint to our customer opportunity and promoting tthey Aaron's value proposition of low payments, high approval rates and best-in-class service. I'll now turn tthey call over to Noah Wall to discuss our financial results. Noah Wall Thank you, Douglas. For tthey first quarter of 2021, revenues were $481.1 million compared to $432.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2020, an increase of 11.1%. Tthey increase in revenues was primarily due to tthey improving quality and increased size of our lease portfolio and strong customer payment activity during tthey quarter, aided in part by government stimulus, and partially offset by tthey net reduction of 166 company-operated and franctheire stores compared to tthey prior year. As Douglas called out earlier, e-commerce revenues were up 42% compared to tthey first quarter of tthey prior year and represented 14.2% of overall lease revenues compared to 11.3% in 2020. On a same-store revenue basis, revenues increased 14.8% in tthey first quarter compared to tthey prior year quarter, tthey first double-digit same-store revenue growth since 2009 and our fourth consecutive positive quarter. Same-store revenue growth was primarily driven by a larger same-store lease portfolio and strong customer payment activity, including retail sales and early purchase option exercises. We believe ttheir growth is partially a result of tthey government stimulus programs passed in 2020 and 2021. Additionally, tthey Company ended tthey first quarter of 2021 with a lease portfolio size for all company-operated stores of $128.8 million, an increase of 3.6% compared to tthey lease portfolio size as of March 31, 2020. Lease portfolio size represents tthey next month's total collectible lease payments from our aggregate outstanding customer lease agreements. Please see our Form 10-Q filed ttheir morning for additional details. Operating expenses, excluding restructuring expenses, spin-related transaction costs and tthey impairment of goodwill and ottheyr expenses, which were both recorded in tthey first quarter of 2020 were down $1.5 million as compared to tthey first quarter of last year. Ttheir decrease was primarily due to a reduction in write-offs, store closures and tthey impact of tthey COVID-related reserves recorded in 2020, partially offset by higtheyr personnel costs related to variable performance compensation, higtheyr marketing expenses and an increase in bank and credit card-related fees. Adjusted EBITDA was $73.9 million for tthey first quarter of 2021 compared with $34.7 million for tthey same period in 2020, an increase of $39.2 million or 112.9%. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 15.4% in tthey first quarter of 2021 compared with 8% for tthey same period last year, an improvement of 740 basis points. Tthey improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to tthey items that drove tthey total revenues increase and a 310 basis point reduction in overall write-offs to 3.1% of lease revenues, including both improvement in tthey e-commerce and store origination channels compared to tthey prior year. Tthey improvement in write-offs was due primarily to tthey implementation of new decisioning technology, improved operations, tthey benefit of government stimulus and tthey impact of COVID-related lease merchandise reserves recorded in tthey first quarter of 2020 and not repeated in 2021. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.24 in tthey first quarter of 2021 compared to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.30 for tthey same quarter in 2020, an increase of $0.94 or 313.3%. Cash generated from operating activities was $20.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2021, a decline of $36.6 million compared to tthey first quarter of 2020 primarily due to higtheyr inventory purchases, partially offset by higtheyr customer payments and ottheyr changes in working capital. During tthey quarter, tthey Company purchased 252,200 shares of Aaron's common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $6.3 million. As of tthey end of tthey quarter, we had approximately $143.7 million remaining under tthey Company's share repurchase authorization that was approved by our Board on March 3 ttheir year. Tthey Company's Board of Directors also declared our first quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share last month, and we paid tthey dividend on April 6. As of March 31, 2021, tthey Company had a cash balance of $61.1 million, less than $500,000 of debt and total available liquidity of $295.5 million. Turning to our outlook. Based on our performance in tthey first quarter of 2021 and tthey passage of tthey American Rescue Plan Act in March, we have revised our full year 2021 outlook. For tthey full year, we expect consolidated revenues of between $1.725 billion and $1.775 billion, representing an increase in our revenue outlook of $75 billion. We also expect adjusted EBITDA of between $190 million and $205 million, representing an increase in our adjusted EBITDA outlook of $35 million. For tthey full year 2021, our outlook for tthey effective tax rate, depreciation and amortization and diluted weighted average share count are unchanged. We have also increased our full year same-store revenue outlook from a range of 0% to 2% to a range of 4% to 6%. Similar to our original outlook, total revenue and adjusted EBITDA in tthey first half of 2021 are expected to be higtheyr in tthey second half of 2021. Ttheir outlook assumes no impact from tthey expansion and acceleration of tthey child tax credit payments expected to begin in July 2021. Additionally, our updated outlook assumes no significant deterioration in tthey current retail environment or in tthey state of tthey U.S. economy as compared to its current condition and a continued improvement in global supply chain conditions. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator, who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. Anthony Chukumba I guess I have a couple of questions. First question. You mentioned, Noah, just on tthey variance that you mentioned on tthey supply chain. I was just wondering if you could give us an update on how supply chain was a bit of a theyadwind late last year I was wondering if what you're seeing in terms of supply chain and how conditions to improve market maybe that one to comp drivers? Douglas Lindsay Anthony, it's Douglas. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, I just want to say I'm really proud of tthey team. We've got a lot of momentum and energy in tthey business right now, and both channels are really performing well. I think in terms of supply chain, we're seeing continual improvement ttheyre in our inventory levels, and we definitely have sufficient inventory to run tthey business right now. I'm going to kick it to Steve Olson, just to give you a little bit more detail on what's happened in tthey last quarter and our outlook for supply chain. Steve Olsen Yes. Thanks, Douglas. Yes, as Douglas said, we're seeing continued improvement, and that continued throughout Q1 and absolutely supported tthey high level of demand that we saw across categories. As we look through tthey balance of tthey year, we believe we're going to see continued improvement from Q2 to Q3, and it's really now just about fine-tuning that inventory across categories and across price points, just to get to that exact level we're looking for. Anthony Chukumba Got it. And ttheyn just one follow-up and I [indiscernible] want to make ttheir too granular. But I look to my notes and you had said wtheyn you provide your guidance for what you're expecting about a 4% to 5% write-off rate in 2021, given tthey reduction in tthey write-off rate and given tthey improvements that you talked about with centralized decisioning and given stimulus. I was just wondering if you could, if that guidance has changed at all. Noah Wall Yes. Anthony, it's Noah. That guidance still kind of holds for tthey rest of tthey year. I mean, as a reminder, right, as we go through Q3 and certainly into Q4, absent tthey impact of tthey changes to tthey child tax credits as tthey stimulus is going to start delaying. And so we -- we really kind of model our business to be in that 4% to 5% write-off range as we're kind of fine-tuning tthey optimization of our lease decisioning. And so we expect to continue to see that flow through into tthey P&L. Operator Kyle Joseph with Jefferies. Kyle Joseph Congratulations on a really, really strong start to tthey year. I just want to dig into tthey impact on stimulus on tthey quarter, and I don't know if you can give us kind of a -- tthey trajectory of tthey comp between January, February and March and even into April, just based on wtheyn we saw stimulus hit. I just want to get a sense for consumer behavior and buyout activity versus new leases, if you could walk us through that? Douglas Lindsay Sure. I'll start. It's Douglas. From what we're seeing with tthey customer, ttheyy're more liquid than we've really ever seen. We recognize ttheir difficult time, but ttheyre is higtheyr unemployment right now, but our customers are receiving ctheycks and getting stimulus payments and despite tthey unemployment challenges. Ttheyy're making more payments than we've seen in a while, more online payments, more customers achieving ownership and ttheyre's really strong demand for our product. And you saw that come through in our comp store sales up 14.8%. And I would say as we sort of chunk that same-store sales number, I'd say about 1/3 of that performance is relative to tthey larger lease portfolio size, and that's in part due to lower churn out of our portfolio because of tthey liquidity in tthey marketplace, but also because of our centralized decisioning. So that's 1/3 of that. And as I mentioned on tthey call, our same-store lease portfolio is up about 6% in tthey quarter, which at tthey end of tthey quarter, which is a good number. About anottheyr 1/3 of our same-store comp in ttheir quarter was related to just strong customer payment activity. Renewal rates of our customers and our lease portfolio were much higtheyr, and we saw that really spike wtheyn tthey ctheycks came out in March. And so that was super theylpful. And ttheyn about 1/3 of our performance in our comp stores of $14.8 million was related to higtheyr retail sales and higtheyr early payouts than we've seen in previous years. And so that's kind of tthey way we're looking at it. And so how much stimulus contributes to each of those pieces. We definitely know tthey retail sales and EPO was theyld by stimulus, and it's hard to disaggregate on tthey payment side and on tthey lease portfolio side. Tthey contribution of stimulus relative to all tthey ottheyr things we're doing in tthey business to streamline payments and to decision our customer to have a theyalthier portfolio. We know those are influencing tthey business, and we're really pleased with wtheyre tthey business is today. In terms of outlook, I'm going to let Noah really speak to as we look at those comps going forward. Noah Wall Yes, Kyle. So obviously, we posted a very strong first quarter and ttheyn we're guiding to between 4% and 6% for tthey year. As we see that play out in Q2 and three and four. First, I want to remind you that for Q3 and Q4 were comping over nice increases last year, right, 7.3% up in Q3 of last year, 3. 4% up in Q4. So what you're going to see is Q2 will be strong. And in Q3 and Q4 will be less than Q2. As that kind of slows through tthey course of tthey year given what we're comping over. But again, in total, that up 4% to 6% for tthey year is something we're very excited about. Douglas Lindsay Yes. And one thing I also want to mention about tthey theyalth of tthey portfolio. Since we've rolled out centralized decisioning, and we have more levers than ever to control our performance and really optimize tthey performance of our portfolio. Tthey churn or tthey reduction in our product returns and write-offs. So we saw ttheir quarter is nothing new. We've been experiencing that since we rolled out centralized decisioning in April last year. And so wtheyn you combine sort of our ability to move tthey levers up and down and control tthey theyalth of tthey portfolio with tthey strong demand we're seeing. We're optimistic about what we've done in tthey business and our ability to drive portfolio performance in tthey future. Kyle Joseph Got it. Very theylpful.One follow-up for me. Obviously, you guys have two quarters now as a -- as an independent company. Going back to tthey longer-term kind of 5-year plan you guys laid out in November, given tthey really strong two quarters out of tthey gate, can you talk about kind of your confidence in executing on that longer-term plan? Noah Wall Yes. Kyle, it's Noah. I'd say that we're as confident as we've been at any point, right, since tthey decision was made to split tthey two businesses last year, just tthey performance across tthey business, and obviously Q1 speak for it. So what you're not seeing behind tthey scenes is us continuing to fine-tune our model, right? Tthey investments we're making around on tthey marketing side, tthey investments we're making around our real estate strategy, tthey investments we're making in technology, tthey people that we brought on Board. As Douglas mentioned ttheir in their prepared remarks, everyone is super excited about wtheyre we're at and wtheyre we're theyaded. So yes, I'd say, we feel really good about that 5-year plan. Operator Alex Maroccia with Berenberg. Alex Maroccia First one is your addressable market. In many cases, we've seen consumer balance ttheyyets that are stronger today than pre pandemic. However, have you seen anything that implies customer credit quality has improved through all tthey government stimulus? Douglas Lindsay Yes, ttheir is Douglas. It's tough to say. We've got -- we have customers that are graduating -- well, first of all, we believe our market size is roughly tthey same. We know and recessionary times, our market expands, we're in actually very unique times right now because of tthey stimulus that's in place. What we're seeing with our customers, our customer has more liquidity than ttheyy have had in tthey past. And with that liquidity, ttheyy're not necessarily going out and buying more things for cash. Ttheyy're still using our product offering, which is tthey lease to get into low monthly payments, and ttheyy're paying ttheyir monthly obligations at a more regular rate. So that's one general thing about tthey customer. In terms of credit, we are approving more customers that are coming into our portfolio and seeing a higtheyr quality customer in our portfolio. We believe that's happening for two reasons. One, that just tthey liquidity out ttheyre is making our customer have better credit quality. And two, that tthey -- we have customers coming into our space are falling down into our space from credit tightening up above. So we're seeing definite demand in tthey space more so than we saw in tthey past year or two. Alex Maroccia Okay. Great. And second, tthey strength in e-com really stood out to me. Given tthey amount of online competition, can you remind us how your customer acquisition and retention strategy and stuff are between e-commerce and in store? Steve Olsen Sure. Alex, ttheir is Steve Olsen. Tthey key differences on our acquisition strategy really starts with our digital marketing efforts. So we are continuing to invest and direct more of our marketing dollars ttheyse digital marketing efforts and really about targeting tthey right audience and ttheyn engaging ttheym with a relevant content messaging. And ttheyn from ttheyre, it's about giving ttheym a great user experience on our website. We continue to expand our assortment that we offer on our website. We continue to give more visibility to our inventory, both in our FCs and our stores. And ttheyn give ttheym tthey right functionality to navigate -- and call it, tthey third piece, and Douglas talked about, I'll just mention tthey e-commerce decisioning engine, it's been tthey backbone of our e-commerce platform for over five years, and it really theylps us to make tthey right decisions with our customer. Douglas Lindsay Yes, Alex, tthey last thing I'd say on that is we feel like we have a real competitive advantage in e-com. If you think about our embedded infrastructure stores, our stores are not just retail showrooms, ttheyre are service centers and ttheyir last-mile logistics hubs. So as we expand our product assortment, and find better ways and more efficient ways to convert tthey customer online. It's a high-margin business, and we're attracting a new and younger customer. And in many cases, we're getting more and more products online that we can deliver same-day or next day. So that's super encouraging, and I'm really proud of tthey progress tthey team's made, not just in customer acquisition, but in conversion and delivery, and it's an exciting channel for us. Operator Jason Haas with Bank of America. Jason Haas I wanted to dig into tthey guidance change a little bit. So you had a really strong 1Q. So I'm curious to know how much of that raise in guidance was due to beating expectations or beating your plan in 1Q versus wtheyttheyr anything changed with your outlook for 2Q, 3Q and 4Q? Noah Wall Yes. Great question, Jason. It's Noah. So certainly, a large part of that raise is tthey beat that we had in Q1. But to kind of piggyback on some of tthey things that Douglas was even talking about, right? We continue to see great performance in terms of our customers making payments as well as us driving demand and new agreements. So with tthey larger portfolio size, tthey higtheyr kind of customer payment activity and tthey resulting lower write-off. We felt it was prudent to kind of take out that outlook, not just for tthey Q1, but also for tthey performance that we expect to see through tthey remainder of tthey year. Jason Haas Got it. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn as a follow-up, a little bit more longer term. I'm curious just given tthey recent strength that, that causes you to change your plans for reducing tthey store base, if you feel like maybe it makes sense to keep some of tthey more stores open, just given tthey strong performance. And ttheyn I think ttheyre's been some questions at least that I've received, just about any potential to accelerate that pace of closures. So I'm curious if anything's changed with regards to that long-term plan. Douglas Lindsay Jason, nothing's really changed. I mean, we continue to assess it, but our strategy is tthey same. Our objective is to have fewer, more profitable stores in tthey same markets that we're serving today. So by having a bigger storefront presence, it's also a logistics hub and a servicing hub, but also having a growing e-commerce presence. And that's not about sort of shrinking to grow. It's effectively being optimizing our markets and being more efficient, and our market is lowering our cost to serve is still servicing those markets. And we're super excited about that strategy. And as you see, during tthey quarter, I mean we've opened to date, 51 stores, and that's a combination of renovations in place, repositioning and ttheyse [2:1 or 3:1] merge strategies, which, in tthey case of those mergers, we think we're just creating a more efficient store footprint for tthey markets we're serving. In terms of moving faster, I do want to call out, which I've done in tthey past, so we've intentionally shortened lease term over tthey past few years to be able to pivot our portfolio, and we're really optimally positioned to do that, and we're really making great progress ttheyre. We have scaled our operations teams and our real estate teams to move faster and we have implementation teams on tthey ground actually real-time implementing tthey store rollouts. However, we're really trying to take a disciplined approach to our site selection, given tthey long-term commitments to ttheyse leases, which are, let's call it, five to seven years, so we may do 100 stores next year, which is approximately 10% of our portfolio, which would effectively be kind of wtheyre we are at tthey end of ttheir year as well. And again, ttheir will be a combination of renovate and plays and relocations. But it's, of course, always, as with real estate, subject to market conditions, permitting, landlord negotiations and construction timelines, which limit us. But our efforts will be, if ttheir continues to work, which we believe it is and will try to accelerate our progress as much as possible in a disciplined way. Operator Tim Vierengel with Northcoast Research. Tim Vierengel I guess, just a one quick, maybe a higtheyr-level question, just summit around your central decisioning commentary. Based off maybe my understanding or our team over theyre, e-commerce write-offs versus in-store have typically been much higtheyr, theirtorically. And I was wondering, in a normalized environment outside of all ttheir noise from stimulus. Do you guys think that e-commerce write-offs can be in line with brick-and-mortar write-offs longer-term or e-com will continue to be hold it more risky than brick-and-mortar? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I'm really proud of what tthey team's accomplittheyyd with our e-commerce business and optimizing decisioning ttheyre. We've made several changes to our decisioning over tthey past few years. As you may know, our e-com decision, centralized decisioning is sort of more establittheyyd. We've had it out ttheyre for 5-plus years and really seeing tthey benefits of that. We don't approve as many customers in e-com, but we're getting smarter about our approvals. Our loss rates ttheyre have come down considerably. Ttheyy improved year-over-year, about 50%, and ttheyy continue to improve. Tthey delta is now much lower than it used to be between in-store and e-com write-offs. And -- but I don't think, however, that ttheyy will ever sort of match each ottheyr, and ttheyre's a couple of reasons. E-com, we have a much higtheyr occurrence of new customers as we go and attract a new customer and new customer naturally has a higtheyr write-off. And on tthey e-com, it's mainly new product, which, if you think about our stores, have a mix of pre-leased and new products and pre-lease products are more highly depreciated and have a lower book value. And so wtheyn you're writing off an asset or a piece of inventory on e-com, it tends to have a higtheyr book value per SKU. So a combination of new customers and new products, always naturally will have a higtheyr loss rate, but we're really, really pleased with tthey way we're performing ttheyre. Operator Brad Thomas with KeyBanc. Brad Thomas Let me add my congrats as well on a great start to tthey year theyre. I just wanted to follow-up on that last question about tthey write-offs. You're obviously doing some really compelling things like around tthey central decisioning. And so I guess as you kind of fallen piece apart, ttheir unusual time we're in wtheyre customers are behaving in a much more favorable model with some of tthey changes you're making. How do you see it all shaping out as tthey world hopefully starts to go back to normal in tthey year to adtheyre? Wtheyre do you target for tthey write-offs longer term? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Brad. No, great question, and I appreciate your kind of calling that out. And I'd be remiss if we didn't also point to just tthey great performance of our teams in tthey field. Tthey centralized decision is one part of it, and an important part. But tthey day-to-day activity that goes on across our teams to work with our customers to ensure that ttheyy're in a position to make those payments and to collect on those monthly payments is making a big difference as well. So we're running a much more balanced business today than really I've seen since I've been theyre for sure, and that's theylping. As it relates to kind of tthey longer-term view theyre, it's very hard for us to kind of parse through tthey data and understand exactly how much of ttheir improvement is attributed to tthey government stimulus, but we do know just -- and looking at our modeling and our -- and going off our expectations coming into ttheir cycle with our centralized decisioning that, that piece of tthey business is performing well and we'd expect that to continue just a little bit of insight, right, as we think about tthey back half of ttheir year. And certainly, as we start to put our thoughts around tthey following year. Our expectation is that tthey business will continue to perform at levels north of what we saw in, call it, that 2017, '18, '19 fiscal periods. And that kind of underlines our confidence that it's as much what we're doing on our end to drive ttheir business forward as it is tthey increase is provided by tthey government. So hopefully, that theylps a little bit as what we're thinking about longer term. And just to bring it back, I think we mentioned before, right? Our target is 4% to 5% write-offs. That's unchanged as we sit theyre today. That may change going forward as we continue to improve and get even better around managing tthey portfolio essentially. But right now, that's what we're managing [indiscernible] towards. Noah Wall Yes, Brad. And I can't emphasize wtheyn we talk about our portfolio being up 6% year-over-year, how big an influence tthey lower returns and lower write-offs are to tthey size of tthey portfolio. It's not just a P&L metric, wtheyre we look at net book value about our revenue, reduction in our churn, which is a reduction in returns and write-offs increases tthey value of our lease portfolio, which is a recurring revenue portfolio we'd benefit that -- from that in future periods. Brad Thomas Absolutely. That's really encouraging. To theyar. I want to follow-up on tthey new store concept as well. Douglas, you gave some comments on it, and it sounds like you had some encouraging results. Can you just talk a little bit more about how you are out how those stores are doing versus sort of ottheyr factors? And you talked about, I think, overall store strategy, but can you talk more about tthey potential to accelerate ttheyir openings? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Yes. So I mean, I think I mentioned we have 51 stores to date. We've been keenly watching tthey performance, as you might imagine, and we measure ttheym on two factors. One is against tthey pro forma, and we've got pro forma expectations that are in terms of buyback and IRR. And as I said, ttheyse stores are exceeding our pro forma, but we also look at ttheym versus a control group and early in tthey sort of rollout of ttheyse stores, we're really looking at demand curves and kind of how are we driving new originations in ttheyse stores. And what we're seeing on tthey demand side is delivery lift that's about 19% greater than our legacy stores in tthey first 12 months. So that's very encouraging. And we're tracking to our pro forma. We're tracking to our targets for capital deployed and our payback periods. And so we're really encouraged by that. We'll continue to monitor it as we open more stores. Tthey way we think about ttheyse things in tthey future is it's not a one size fits all. We have our suburban strategy. We've got a rural strategy. We have concepts of work in each of those markets. Some of our stores will be larger stores with static showrooms and about, I'd say, 60% of those that we've built to date are like that. And about 40% will be in tthey smaller markets. We have smaller showrooms. We'll still introduce tthey technology and tthey footprint and tthey modern brand image that we want to display in those stores. So we're super excited about that. We've invested theyavily in analytics to drive our strategy. We've built a real estate analytics team that wtheyre we believe we know wtheyre our customer is and how to position those stores and markets. We believe we can serve our 700 markets with fewer stores, as we've said before, and do that efficiently while freeing up working capital and driving earnings growth and free cash flow. So we're very bullish on that initiative. And so far, everything is working according to plan. Operator [Operator Instructions] Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. Bobby Griffin Congrats on a good quarter. I guess tthey first thing I want to dive into is more just kind of tthey changing business model theyre. E-commerce continues to mix up, very impressive results. As you're seeing that happen, are you able to find and notice incremental labor savings opportunities in tthey store infrastructure, given that a bigger and bigger portion of your business is coming from online? Douglas Lindsay Bobby, it's Douglas. I would say, generally, yes, but I wouldn't point directly to e-com. E-com's increasing volumes in our store, which is great. Our average customer per stores continues to grow, and so we need labor to serve those customers. As you know, e-com is an acquisition channel. And what enables our e-com platforms are built-in infrastructure of stores. And so to tthey extent we're driving greater volumes, we need more servicing. That being said, however, we're getting leverage on that labor and tthey technology that we're putting in place is freeing up our people to do more value-added things in tthey stores, such as selling and renewing leases. We have definitely seen lower staffing levels ttheir quarter coming out of tthey pandemic than we have in tthey past. And I attribute that not only to sort of efficiencies in e-com, but efficiencies in our payment platforms and efficiencies in our centralized decisioning. Centralized decisioning alone, we took a transaction that used to take 30 to 45 minutes and turn it into a transaction, it takes 8 to 10 minutes to do. And so we're freeing up capacity for our people to do ottheyr things, which is great and not needing as much labor in tthey stores. That being said, tthey business continues to grow, and so we will prudently scale labor as it grows over time. Bobby Griffin Okay. That's very theylpful. And I guess, secondly for me, wtheyn you look at great 1Q big EBITDA beat, maybe $30 million versus tthey Street, increasing tthey guide as well, I think, by $35 million. So most of tthey guide increase came from tthey 1Q numbers, at least versus our Street model, which could have been off versus how you guys looked at it. But is that just a sign that you think most of tthey stimulus impact will be contained in 1Q, so tthey favorable impact from tthey $1,400 ctheycks and things like that will be a mostly 1Q '21 benefit? Or is ttheyre just some conservatism built-in ttheyre, too, because we don't exactly know how tthey stimulus would play out in tthey second quarter. Anything around how you guys framed up stimulus carrying forward inside that guidance raise would be theylpful. Noah Wall Bobby, it's Noah. A little bit of color ttheyre. So I think you hit on a key point, right? That $30 million B you referenced versus consensus. That's not tthey beat versus our internal plan. So as you know, we provide an annual guide. We don't provide quarterly numbers. What I'll tell you is that from a -- in terms of stimulus impact on our customer and ttheyn how that impacts us as a company. We believe that tthey upfront ctheycks that ttheyy receded in December, right? And ttheyn also tthey fourth mineral or ctheyck ttheyy received recently. That's kind of largely in Q1, and it shows up to some degree varies beginning in Q2. Ttheyre is a continued benefit associated with ttheir enhanced unemployment that's been provided. Obviously, unemployment rates are coming down, which is good for us, but those customers of ours that rely on tthey unemployment space. We expect and continue to see elevated levels through August wtheyn those ctheycks run out from at least on tthey government side of tthey ledger, or tthey federal government side of tthey ledger. So long story short, Q2, Q3, continue to benefit at some level from ttheir enhanced stimulus that we've been seeing. Again, we called it out in our prepared remarks, but what we haven't factored in yet is any impact from tthey change in tthey child tax credit, right? We do know, based upon what tthey government has said and what tthey IRS has said is that our customer will start receiving some form of refund in July. What we don't know yet is exactly how that's going to be used. It could, in effect, tthey second tax season, right, in tthey course of a fiscal year, something that our industry has never seen before. So if you want to think about an area wtheyre we're being conservative, maybe that's it, right, because we just don't know yet enough to be able to factor that in with any specificity to inform our guidance to you all. Douglas Lindsay Bobby, tthey only thing I would add to that is wtheyn large ctheycks come out like tthey $1,400 ctheycks, ttheyre tends to be different behavior in terms of payouts and ottheyr things than smaller ctheycks over time. And so we'll wait and see what that looks like in tthey latter part of tthey year. Bobby Griffin Okay. I appreciate that. That's very theylpful. I guess two quick follow-ups. I mean, one, on tthey COVID-related reserves that were booked in 2020. Noah, do you guys already released those? Or will you release those back to more normal levels at some point? Noah Wall So tthey ones that are specific to write-offs of lease merchandise, we've not released ttheym completely, right? I think just as tthey way our reserve calculations work, as we continue to see very strong customer payment activity and as a result, low write-off activity. That percentage is naturally kind of coming down in terms of tthey percentage of tthey portfolio that we're serving against. So it's to be seen how that's going to play out through tthey course of ttheir year and certainly into next year. As we do expect at some point, right, we'll return back to some more normal level of activity by our customer. But to answer your question specifically, we haven't released any material portion of that item, just a small piece. Bobby Griffin Okay. Okay. That's theylpful. And I guess tthey last thing for me was to you, Noah, on tthey balance ttheyyet. Just how do you -- you guys great cash balance, no debt basically. I mean, wtheyn you think about using funds for buybacks and different things, like are you managing it for a target liquidity? Or how are you considering, like, do you want to keep $300 million of liquidity dry powder or anything like that, just to theylp us think about how you frame up looking at tthey balance ttheyyet for buybacks and different activities? Noah Wall Yes, great question. As we think about our balance ttheyyet right now and specifically, tthey liquidity, tthey one thing we want to make sure of is that we have -- as tthey supply chain continues to normalize, right? Which is going to use cash in tthey short-term as that happens, right? As we continue our real estate repositioning strategy as well as tthey investments, we're making on tthey technology side. We want to make sure we have adequate capital to fund those strategies, which at $300 million of liquidity, we believe we do. And ttheyn Douglas mentioned wanting to accelerate as best we can. Tthey execution of those strategies. We kind of run scenarios to say, if we're able to do that without taking risk around site selection and things like that. I want to make sure we got capital to fund tthey business. Outside of that, it's just continuing to be opportunistic as to wtheyre we see tthey share price. And ttheyn just time, right? If you look at Q1, our Board approved tthey $150 million share repurchase authorization at tthey beginning of March. So we had about three weeks in tthey quarter to execute on kind of that plan. And so if you start to think about what that might look like over for tthey course of tthey year. I hope that it informs some of tthey thinking ttheyre. But we're not targeting anything specifically to [indiscernible] or kind of take it in on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Again, with a view towards how we see that liquidity is going to be needed in tthey upcoming quarters. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to CEO, Douglas Lindsay, for parting remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today, really appreciate it. We really appreciate your interest in Aaron's. And as you can tell, we're very excited about tthey momentum and tthey strategy for future growth in our business. I want to thank you for your support, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Aaron's Company First quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.