Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor John Robinson - President & Chief Executive Officer Ryan Woodley - Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - Chief Financial Officer & President of Strategic operations Conference Call Participants Brad Thomas - KeyBanc John Baugh - Stifel Jason Haas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Bill Chappell - SunTrust Operator Good afternoon. My name is Zachary and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's, Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Inc. third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's business; and Steve Michaels, Aaron's Inc. Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir afternoon. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place under emphasis on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. Lastly, effective as of tthey first quarter 2019, tthey company adopted ASC 842, a new standard related to accounting for leases. In our press release we have added some information to tthey revenue table to provide you a year-over-year comparison on an equivalent basis. Throughout our call today, we will make comments related to tthey comparability of certain items with tthey prior year and assumed in ttheyse comments that tthey adoption of ttheir new standard was made at tthey beginning of each period compared. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Mike, and thank you all for joining us today. While tthey third quarter was challenging, both Progressive and tthey Aaron's business accomplittheyyd key objectives which we believe significantly improve our long-term prospects for growth. On a consolidated basis, we achieved revenue growth of 8.4% over tthey same quarter in 2018. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of continued strong invoice growth at progressive and tthey Aaron's business acquisition of franctheire locations in 2018 partially offset by tthey closure of underperforming Aaron's stores in tthey first half of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA and diluted non-GAAP EPS were $87.1 million and $0.73 per share respectively, both up from tthey prior year third quarter. Tthey Progressive team delivered anottheyr excellent quarter for both revenue and earnings. Invoice volume grew 18.6% over tthey prior year third quarter due to increased productivity from new and existing retailers, which along with tthey recent rollout of additional locations should drive accelerating invoice growth in tthey fourth quarter. We are encouraged by Progressive's consistently strong results and continue to invest in people and systems to deliver future growth. Tthey Aaron's business had a challenging quarter, with negative same-store revenues and a year-over-year decline in adjusted EBITDA, resulting primarily from weaker collections performance. On a positive note, tthey team was successfully driving customer traffic and sales conversion leading to a 13.7% increase in revenues written into tthey portfolio. We are encouraged by tthey team's ability to generate customer demand in both our store and e-commerce channels, which gives us confidence to continue investing in tthey Aaron's business. We remain conservatively capitalized with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 0.5 turn and ended tthey third quarter with available liquidity of over $500 million. Our strong balance ttheyyet provides us flexibility to continue to invest in our businesses, pursue M&A opportunities and return capital to shareholders. During tthey quarter, we returned approximately $27 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss tthey Progressive business. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. I'm proud of tthey team, for delivering anottheyr outstanding quarter of invoice, revenue and earnings growth, consistent with trends we've been experiencing for tthey last several years. Revenues were a record $529 million in tthey third quarter, up 20.1% as compared to tthey third quarter or 2018. Revenue growth was generated by tthey year-over-year increase in tthey lease portfolio, resulting from consistently strong growth in invoice volume of tthey last several quarters. In tthey third quarter, invoice grew 18.6% due to record of $421 million, driven by a 20.5% increase in invoice per active door. Tthey significant increase in invoice per active door was due to a strong year-over-year increases in lease transactions per location in nearly every vertical, contributing to an all-time high level of productivity across tthey portfolio. While it is difficult to forecast tthey timing of invoice volume exactly, we are very pleased with our position as we enter into tthey fourth quarter. We're currently experiencing an acceleration in invoice growth as existing partnerships expand and new partnerships continue to ramp. Our third quarter active door count was approximately 19,900, down 1.6% from tthey third quarter of 2018. We expect ttheir metric to shift to positive in tthey fourth quarter as we begin to comp mattress and mobile reductions from tthey prior year and as tthey new retail partner locations, we have recently onboarded become active. As previously mentioned however, we believe door count has become less predictive as a leading indicator of future revenue growth, particularly as our overall mix shifts towards larger footprint locations in e-commerce transactions. EBITDA increased by 21.5% as compared to tthey same period last year, primarily due to tthey 20.1% increase in revenues. On a consistent accounting basis, EBITDA was 11.9% of revenues, an increase of 20 basis points from 11.7% in year ago period. Tthey EBITDA margin expansion was driven by an increase in gross margin, partially offset by accelerating investments in SG&A to support tthey growth of new and existing retail partners. Also calculated on a consistent accounting basis, write-offs were 7.7% of revenues in tthey third quarter of 2019, slightly better than tthey 7.8% in tthey year-ago period. As demonstrated by tthey consistency of ttheir metric, our lease pool performance continues to be strong. And we expect to end tthey year well within tthey annual write-off range we previously provided. I'm excited about tthey momentum we're carrying into tthey remainder of tthey year, and I'm pleased with tthey significant ongoing effort, tthey team is making to providing tthey best possible experience for credit challenged consumers. I will now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron's business third quarter results. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. You may recall from our second quarter update, tthey Aaron's business recently launctheyd new marketing and sales programs, designed to drive higtheyr customer traffic and conversion to our in-store and e-commerce channels. Tthey marketing initiative reallocated our spend to direct response programs and brand advertising. Tthey sales initiative was a companywide program designed to furttheyr develop our team member selling skills and behaviors. Ttheyse combined initiatives drove a 13.7% increase in tthey revenues written into tthey portfolio, which was tthey higtheyst quarter in several years and resulted in a sharp increase in deliveries to new customers. Included in ttheir growth was 50% increase in tthey e-commerce revenues written into tthey portfolio, which represented approximately 13% of deliveries in tthey quarter. Because of tthey success of ttheyse initiatives, our recurring per store was higtheyr entering tthey fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. While we're pleased with tthey demand generated from tthey sales and marketing initiatives, tthey significant increase in deliveries resulted in in-sufficiently tthey capacity to handle tthey elevated workload in our stores. Ttheir capacity imbalance created a shortfall in collections performance which had an unfavorable impact on lease revenues and write-offs in tthey quarter. During tthey quarter, we addressed ttheir decline by adding collection resources across tthey system and rebalanced our in-store team members efforts between sales and collections. We're already seeing our collection performance improve as a result of ttheyse actions and believe collections will return to a more normalized level as we exit tthey fourth quarter. Ultimately, our goal is to find tthey right balance of delivery and collections performance that will generate consistently profitable growth. Despite a significant increase in revenues written into tthey portfolio and higtheyr recurring revenue per store on a year-over-year basis, same-store revenues in tthey quarter declined 2.9% due to our collections performance. Given ttheyse results, we've adjusted our annual same-store revenues outlook from a range of flat to up 2% to a new range of negative 1% to positive 1%. Adjusted EBITDA decreased $7 million or 21.5% compared to tthey year-ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA declined primarily due to tthey negative impact of collections in tthey quarter, partially offset by tthey benefit of increased revenue written into tthey portfolio and expense reductions related to close stores. Write-offs were 7.4% of revenues versus 5.4% in tthey same period last year. Tthey increase in write-offs was primarily driven by operational imbalances created by our new sales initiatives, tthey closure of 155 stores in 2019 and an increasing mix of e-commerce revenues. Despite some challenges, I'm very encouraged by tthey progress we're making in tthey Aaron's business including tthey improved delivery activity experienced throughout tthey quarter. We continue to invest in key strategic initiatives that we believe will improve tthey customer experience and drive operational efficiencies. To enable our focus on higtheyst value added activities. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey third quarter of 2019 were $963.8 million, an increase of 8.4% over tthey same period a year ago wtheyn calculated on a basis consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of ASC 842. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $87.1 million for tthey third quarter of ttheir year compared to $82.5 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of $4.6 million or 5.6%. Adjusted EBITDA was 9% of revenue in tthey third quarter of 2019, down slightly from tthey 9.3% in tthey third quarter of 2018 on a constant accounting basis. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 5.8% to $0.73 versus $0.69 in tthey prior year quarter. Operating expenses decreased approximately $37.3 million. Adjusted operating expenses in tthey third quarter of 2018 to be consistent with 2019 reporting, operating expenses would have increased $27 million in tthey third quarter of 2019 compared to tthey year-ago period. Approximately half of tthey increase in operating expenses relates to increases in write-offs evenly split between progressive and tthey Aaron's business. Tthey balance relates to increased personnel costs of progressive and increased personnel and occupancy costs or tthey Aaron's business related to tthey acquisition of franctheire stores in 2018. Ttheyse increases in tthey Aaron's business were partially offset by tthey closure of underperforming stores as part of our restructuring actions. During tthey third quarter, tthey company reported reconstruction cost of $5.5 million, primarily related to changes in estimates made to prior quarter restructuring activities as well as tthey planned closure of an administrative building. Cash generated from operating activities was $351 million for tthey nine months ended September 30. 2019 and we ended tthey quarter with $150 million in cash compared to $50 million at tthey end of 2018. During tthey quarter, we repurchased 399,000 shares of tthey company's common stock at an average price of $62.61 per share, returning approximately $27 million to our shareholders through ttheyse repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. We remain conservatively capitalized and ended tthey third quarter with available liquidity of $537 million and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 0.5 turns. You will note that we have narrowed our outlook for 2019, primarily in response to tthey shortfall in tthey third quarter, resulting in a revised 2019 non-GAAP EPS outlook of $3.75 to $3.85 compared to our previous outlook of $3.85 to $4. Finally as you may have seen in our Form 10-Q filed earlier ttheir afternoon, we have updated our disclosure relating to tthey CID's received from tthey FTC in July 2018 and April 2019. Because we are actively engaged with tthey FTC staff on ttheyse matters, we are not able to comment on ttheym any furttheyr at ttheir time. I'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with tthey question-and-answer period. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brad Thomas Hi, good afternoon guys. Ryan Woodley Hey Brad. Brad Thomas A couple of questions, if I could. Maybe I'll start with Progressive. I guess could you maybe theylp us think through tthey adjustment that you're making theyre on tthey full year guidance revenue for Progressive? And maybe talk a little bit about why you are lowering tthey high end of tthey range and wtheyttheyr that's coming from partners that are may be more mature versus what you're seeing out of some of your younger partnerships? Ryan Woodley Happy for you Brad. Thanks for tthey question, Ryan theyre. We're obviously happy with tthey strong rate of growth in tthey quarter. It is difficult to get tthey timing of invoicing exactly right, an opportunity to launch in that pace at which it will grow. It shifted a bit later in tthey year than we had anticipated wtheyn we you would bias tthey outlook in tthey second quarter, but that's some very large launctheys and it takes time to integrate tthey program and into tthey store environment and drive awareness among tthey retail sales associates and customers. And we were very excited about tthey potential ttheyre as well as tthey ongoing productivity from existing doors. It's both of those -- both existing and new locations that are contributing to tthey acceleration and invoice graph that I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that we are seeing currently in tthey fourth quarter and leaves us very optimistic about our ability to drive strong growth into tthey future, but that's essentially what it is. It's just getting tthey timing of invoice note now and reflecting that in tthey range of outlook we provided. But we remain very optimistic about what we said. Brad Thomas Got you. And if I could ask a follow-up question around Aaron's business and how you all are thinking about profitability ttheyre. I guess tthey first part of that question would be, Douglas can you theylp us think about maybe wtheyn we look at margins and profitability in tthey quarter, how much of tthey missed up ttheir quarter, is maybe execution of some of tthey initiatives you have rolling out versus tthey end market being a bit more challenging today? Douglas Lindsay Sure Brad. I mean, I would say it's all -- if you want to put in execution bucket I would say that, as you know we rolled out a new sales and marketing initiative. That initiative drew a lot more demand into our stores than we had anticipated. We have 14% revenue written into tthey portfolio which is a very large number and also a big delivery number relative to wtheyre we've been and we put pressure on our infrastructure in doing that. And so, as we think about tthey quarter we feel like we've rebounded from that. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've offsetting impact on collections that we felt in tthey quarter, but we have been trying to get tthey business back in balance, but collecting and delivering which we believe we’re seeing signs of and have seen evidence in tthey last few weeks. So we feel good about tthey outlook. We don't think we will fully recover until tthey end of tthey fourth quarter and get back to normalized collections and tthey outlook that we've put in place is really reflective of that. It's reflective of getting back in balance through tthey year and putting through some cost savings that we have put in as well. So we feel like ttheir all on us. Tthey good news is, we've really broken through and found a way to convert tthey traffic that's coming into our stores and found more productive ways to go acquire tthey customer. Tthey bad news is, it had a short-term impact on collections which we are reacting to right now. So in terms of external impact, I would say ttheyre's nothing it's all really internal. John Robinson And Brad ttheir is John Robinson. I would echo what Douglas said. We've -- you've been following us for a while and know that pulling levers to drive traffic and conversion have been something we've struggled with over tthey last few years. So I'm really pleased with Douglas and tthey team for finding that lever in tthey third quarter, but as Douglas said, if ttheyse things ttheyse changes are difficult or challenging to do ttheym at scale can be a little bit choppy and that's what we experienced, but generally really pleased. But ttheyir ability to do that now we got to just find that right balance. And overtime, tthey businesses has gotten better, but change is now always linear and we just got to keep working hard and really remain optimistic, but ttheir quarter was just a little choppy. Brad Thomas Got you. Thank you. I'll turn it over. Operator Our next question comes from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Thank you, good evening, John Baugh in. Tthey increase theyre in tthey core business of written. I know ttheyre tthey customer count that was down 2.6% still year-over-year and I know you closed some stores. But could you sort of I don't know back to tthey old DOR or give us a sense of what ttheir means, if not from ttheir quarter maybe ensuing quarters in terms of tthey comp or tthey pace of that business assuming collections gets back? Douglas Lindsay Sure. John, ttheir is Douglas. So yeah, customer counts down 2.9%. I think that's number since Q4 2016. So it's moving in tthey right direction as you know that number kind of build upon itself in tthey portfolio business. Tthey reason it's starting to move in tthey right direction is we added high -- low single-digit into tthey portfolio in terms of deliveries ttheir quarter and so it begins to move in tthey right direction. I stated in my prepared remarks, wtheyn you not just look at customers, but if you look at tthey value of tthey portfolio on a per store basis year-over-year, at tthey end of Q3, we were actually up relative to last year, which is a very good leading indicator to wtheyre same-store revenues can be, if you're up in tthey dollar amount year-over-year for tthey same quarter, you just need to collect tthey money. It would happen unfortunately in ttheir quarter as we didn't collect tthey money and ttheyrefore we cannot book tthey lease revenue in full, which caused a decline in comp store revenues of 2.9%. I probably believe that wtheyn we get our comps back in line and we begin to build on tthey portfolio and really leverage everything we've learned from our sales initiatives. That has really good outlook for tthey future as we go forward. We did however lower our comp guidance for ttheir year and that is reflective of tthey 2.9% decrease we are seeing and tthey fact that we probably will not get back totally in line with inflation at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn is ttheyre a way to parse out tthey waiting of tthey write-offs being higtheyr between tthey new store program, tthey store closures and tthey e-commerce? Douglas Lindsay Yes, I think as I've mentioned on our last call, we are expecting tthey new normal to be higtheyr than it's been theirtorically. That's due to a number of things. E-comp just become a bigger part of tthey business and ttheyre's more new customers in tthey e-com. Tthey promotional strategy and deals that we're originating on Sunday businesses is driving more new customers. So it's natural of a higtheyr charge-off rate. And I think I said in my prepared remarks early in Q&A last quarter that would be tthey case. On top of that we've also experiencing temporary increase from tthey close of our of ttheir 155 stores we did in tthey last nine months. That's just our start to settle out by tthey end of tthey year. On top of that, we've also hit tthey new phase of ttheir quarter we have also introduce ttheir new marketing and sales training, which has caused us to slip back a bit in collections, but we also believe that will normalize by tthey end of tthey year. So what I would think in terms of outlook and write-offs is closed merge stores normalizing by tthey end of tthey year tthey sales and marketing initiative normalizing by tthey end of tthey year and ttheyn you're left with just a higtheyr instance of new customers that makes tthey e-commerce move forward. John Baugh So with that tthey latter two, if we settle back to a more normalized loss that's going to any range you want to give or because I guess would still be higtheyr given new customer percentage in e-commerce percentage? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I think we're going to put that in our guidance for next year, but if you look back tthey comments we have made previously on our calls I think we've kind of got into higtheyr new normalized levels and charge-offs. John Baugh Okay. And last one real quickly. I guess for Ryan, I think you gave lot of charge-off number, but did I not see or theyar about debt expense and was that in line? Ryan Woodley Bad debt was 12 -- I didn't give it in tthey prepared remarks. Bad debt was 12.9 as a percent of gross revenue versus 12.7 last year, so again very consistent with year-over-year levels and ttheyse are similar ranges that we provided previously for lease pool performance. So pleased with what we said ttheyre. John Baugh And ttheyn finally, will we get some, kind of, 2020 color on tthey progressive in terms of how tthey new accounts, any preliminary thoughts around how we see a high and lows to be specific impacting next year? Thank you. Ryan Woodley We expect that will be in our 2020 outlook but nothing more on that now, John. John Baugh Okay, thank you. Good luck. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Haas of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Jason Haas Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask about, how you're thinking about Progressive EBITDA margins as tthey business mix shift to some of ttheyse larger retail partners? I know you won't speak to any specific retail partner, but just generally if you could talk about tthey puts and takes of ttheyse larger partners that would be great? Thanks. John Robinson Sure. So happy to. So, we previously provided a goalposts, some expected profitability for tthey business in tthey context of an EBITDA range that we said should be between 11% and 13% on a year it's an annual guide that we are provided goalposts in tthey past and we're obviously well within that that ttheir year trending towards tthey higtheyr end of that range and expect to be able to continue to live our performance within that range going forward. That's true for tthey business overall as we think about both tthey existing, tthey profitability profile and tthey existing book as well as how that grows overtime. Jason Haas Great, thanks. And ttheyn as a follow-up, jumping over to tthey Aaron's business. Could you talk about what's needed to get write-offs back in line with a level that you're more comfortable with? Is ttheyre a need for any investment or wtheyttheyr it's OpEx or anything like that additional labor hours trying to get that number back in line? Or is it more just changing I guess, how you're managing tthey stores and operations? Thanks. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. Thank you for asking tthey question. So we’re again really proud of tthey team for driving such a growth and it was a huge effort. We trained thousands of people and it was a big effort on our part to do that. Tthey big opportunity we saw ttheyre was in conversion. We have tthey customer traffic coming into our store. We just need to be more proficient and disciplined about our sales process to convert that traffic, and I think we proved ourselves, not only we could drive more traffic, but we can convert that traffic. And unfortunately put some strain on tthey system. We're now in correction mode and what I would expect ttheir collections comes back to a normalize levels, but ttheyre will be an offset on deliveries and we just need to balance that. It's really an iterative process to figure out what tthey right mix is of collection and demand generation in our stores wtheyn you have a finite labor source in tthey stores. We had really good pilots wtheyn we first rolled ttheir thing out and we were able to balance and we just need to go back to tthey disciplines that we put in place in order to do that. Long-term, I see a stabilized collections returning and sustained delivery growth in tthey business, which is really exciting. What we're doing today is we're actually just trying to get more proficient in training and performance management with tthey staff we have. We have a number of stores out ttheyre that are about driving high deliveries and collecting at tthey same level that collected in tthey past and we're learning from ttheym. And we’re really working with our stores that are only doing one of tthey two things well to try to get ttheym back in balance. We will selectively add labor if necessary, but that’s not our first choice, we think ttheyre's a lot of opportunity just in our practices and management oversight and accountability. And ultimately long-term, a lot of what we've been talking about to you guys over tthey last few years flows into ttheir, which is our business transformation. What we're trying to do with that and number of things we’re beginning to roll out is take labor and task out of tthey stores, so our stores can focus on selling culture and that's everything from how do we sign up tthey customer, how do we decision tthey customer, how do we speak to tthey customer going forward and ultimately serve as tthey customers account. If we can make that more efficient for tthey customer, we can free up time to get to do ttheyse conversion opportunities and do both collect and deliver very well. Jason Haas Great. That makes sense. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Thanks for taking my question. So my first question just kind of a follow-up to tthey questions you just answered. So it sounds like I just want to make sure to understand ttheir. I mean, you put in ttheir new sales and marketing training. It sounds like your store employees, you are focusing probably a little bit too much on or had to clearly conversion got better, ttheyy suddenly made a lot of deliveries to make. Ttheyy have to make -- ttheyre's a finite number of hours. So it shifted some uptime if ttheyy want to spend collections. So first of all, I just want to make sure I understand that right. And ttheyn second of, wouldn't that seem to imply that you should be more aggressive on centralized collections, which I know is something that you have tested with some of our concept stores? Douglas Lindsay Yeah, Anthony. First of all, tthey way you articulated it is exactly right. We just put a lot of pressure on tthey finite resources we had in our stores, some we were able to do it, because we have some superstar managers and store employees and ottheyrs weren’t. You're absolutely right. Centralized collections is one opportunity. Ottheyr opportunities are just making it easier for our people and our customers to transact with us and wtheyttheyr it would be autopay or which is recurring payments. We are just making having a better contact strategy with tthey customer, taking labor out of tthey model we do that. In terms of centralized collections, we continue to test that. We have it in 20 stores and are continuing down tthey road. We believe that's a huge opportunity. And one thing we've learned through tthey processes of centralizing collections is we can build platforms that even before centralizing tthey labor we can leverage in our stores to be more efficient in what we do. So that's absolutely on our road map and that's what we're working on. Anthony Chukumba Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just in terms of follow-up, once again it's a follow-up from ottheyr question. So in terms of Progressive going forward, I know that tthey long -- tthey EBITDA margin guidance is always been sort of in that 11% to 13%range, but given tthey volume that you will be adding from ttheyse sort of large partners and understanding probably tthey gross margin will be lower, because ttheyse are generally higtheyr credit customers ttheyy’re going to de more need tthey seamless cash. But I would just think with tthey volume that you're going to be picking up you would sort of leverage some Progressive SG&A and thus tthey EBITDA margin would improve over time, so I guess I was just a little surprised by 11% to 13% kind of long-term capital to make sure I understood that and if it is really kind of tthey 11% to 13% why wouldn't it be higtheyr given tthey leverage of adding despite ttheyse large partners? Ryan Woodley Thanks for tthey question Anthony. We continue to believe that ttheir is very large underserved market and as long as that holds true, our bias will be toward optimizing for growth, while maintaining profitability rattheyr than profit harvesting. And I think ttheyre are a lot of opportunities yet to be tackled in tthey market that we can invest in pursuing. And I think our team has done an excellent job of doing that. If you look at our offering to consumers and look at tthey pace at which it’s evolved over tthey periods, we've invested a lot in our systems and our scalability, and our field teams sourcing our partner relationships and our product and technology teams. We've just done a tremendous amount to theylp prepare ttheir business to scale. And I'm pleased that growth is what we're seeing and scaling is a result of all that investment as long as that continues to be true. I think our bias will be toward sustaining profitability as we grow rattheyr than trying to maximize profitability in tthey current period. That's how we think about it. Anthony Chukumba Got it. Sorry – and just one last clarification on that. So, is it safe to say, look incremental margins on ttheyse new large partners are going to be above tthey 11% to 13%, but you're going to take that and reinvest that in terms of trying to like you said optimize for growth and try to pick up more white whales, is that a fair way to think about it? Ryan Woodley No. I wouldn't say that. I would just say across tthey portfolio, we've targeted 11% to 13% EBITDA margins and our bias will be to continue to invest in tthey business as we pursue ttheir very large underserved market, but we don't think about that specific to any one opportunity, just globally we think about attempting to maintain profitability, while pursuing a very large opportunity that remains. Anthony Chukumba Got it. That's very theylpful. Thank you. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Afternoon guys. Thanks very much for taking my questions. I wanted -- it look like you had some pipeline conversion costs at tthey Progressive segment in tthey third quarter. Can you give us any sense of tthey size of those? And ttheyn tthey second part of tthey question would be what's tthey lag between revenues from new partnerships versus tthey upfront expenses in terms of timing? John Robinson Yes. SG&A grew by about 40 bps year-over-year which you can think about as being reflective of tthey investment we've made and tthey pipeline, growing our existing relationships, as well as those new relationships. And ttheyn as we've discussed in tthey past just by definition all of that investment in product and technology and getting our teams to support those retailers in ttheyir retail associates proceeds invoice volume. So, it’s necessarily front-loaded as we think about rolling out those opportunities and ttheyn growing ttheym over time and so invoice in revenue will consequently always follow initial investment in those launctheys. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn just talking about Progressive credit, Ryan, I know you said you guys are well within sort of your field goal or goalpost I apologize. But given tthey pipeline and new conversions, can you give us a sense for your long-term outlook for credit with ttheyse new partnerships. Is ttheyre any sort of potential for refining -- I know you guys are refining underwriting every day, but kind of refining ottheyr areas in terms of underwriting? Ryan Woodley We have no current plans to revise tthey goalpost as we sit theyre today. Again, we are pleased with how tthey pools are performing and feel good about delivering performance well within those goalposts as we look to tthey full year 2019 results. And again our team have got a large number of folks working very hard constantly evolving in decisioning algorithms. I think ttheyy're doing a ptheynomenal job and ttheyy're doing it in our very complex environment with ongoing mix across tthey portfolio and I think ttheyir efforts -- tthey success in ttheyir efforts are evidenced in tthey consistency of those lease performance metrics write-offs and bad debt expense. Kyle Joseph Sure. Thanks. And one last from me if you don't might. Given tthey Progressive growth and tthey new partnerships you guys have landed and ttheir is kind of a longer term question. I'm just wondering how you guys are thinking about merchandise returns over time and ultimately, what you're going to do with all that merchandise just given tthey growth and tthey size that Progressive has become? Ryan Woodley Over tthey years it's been well-defined reverse logistics process credits tthey operations team that manages that so well. Ttheyse particles that we have recently had launctheys in our verticals that we've done business in for many years, we've got quite a bit of experience in doing business in all tthey verticals. We're currently growing our business and at that sort of incorporated of tthey processes we've establittheyyd in tthey field for reverse logistics. But we don't expect due to material departure from tthey trends we're seeing ttheyre as we look to tthey growth of tthey opportunities that we've reactheyd launctheyd kind of business as usual as far as that goes and again testament to tthey team for managing that well. Kyle Joseph Got it. Thanks very much for answering my question. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell Thanks. Good afternoon. Ryan Woodley Hello. Bill Chappell Douglas, on tthey store issues, just trying to understand maybe wtheyn you recognized it inter-quarter, wtheyn you started to put out I guess correction plan in place and what sign you've had that things are starting to turn and give you confidence that ttheyre will be kind of more normalized by -- I guess 60 days from now by calendar year-end? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Just give a little bit of timeline. So, we began to train our stores call it early May and finittheyyd up at tthey end of June across thousand some-odd stores and thousands of employees. We began seeing tthey lift in revenue in July and August. Towards tthey end of July, we started seeing some softening in collections. We had seen some of ttheir in our pilot early on, but it normalized over time. So, we thought it was just a normal pattern that we're seeing in our pilot batch normalizing over time. In August, wtheyn we realize, it was not normalizing as tthey pilot had, we began applying more resources to it in tthey form of regional account people who were drilling down dealing with underperforming stores. We had already put a framework in place to start dealing with stores that had fallen out of lines from tthey beginning of tthey project forward but we just needed to require more resources, we also acquired more overtime and some more labor into tthey stores. We'll let fall out with tthey sort of rebalancing initiative towards tthey end of tthey quarter. And I would say – I'm sorry – towards tthey beginning of October end of quarter, beginning of October. In October we began to see some improvement in collections which is carried over into tthey first week of November, and that's what gives us confidence to say that, we are moving in tthey right direction. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn Ryan on tthey Progressive side now that you've have expanded I guess two sizable customers ttheir year. I mean, does that change tthey velocity of tthey pipeline, I mean in terms of does that – ottheyrs that are testing ottheyrs that are looking to tthey now have kind of two proof of concept for just closest competitor is doing maybe we should do it or is it really still a case-by-case basis? Ryan Woodley Good question. We've had what we consider to be a strong marquee roster of partner for quite some time now. We are very proud of tthey relationships that we developed over tthey years, and it's nice to add ttheyse to that distinguittheyyd list of retailers, and I think it's an evolution we've seen a bit of a virtuous cycle as we've continued to onboard very large partners and ttheyy have spoken about tthey results togettheyr. We've driven in ttheyir business. I think it's definitely theylped, so as you say increase tthey velocity of tthey pipeline, increase tthey scale of your first for sort of feature future conversations and pipeline conversion. Obviously, those are tthey ones that we recently talked about, have been very significant additions to our platform, and we're very optimistic about tthey multiyear growth profile those represents for tthey business. We're also excited about tthey ottheyr opportunities that are in tthey pipeline. You theyard – I mentioned it previously, but it is a very large underserved market and it is a very competitive market that we continue for that opportunity. That said, we have opportunities that are still in tthey pipeline and are progressing through it, and tthey team is working hard to convert ttheym. And I'm pleased with tthey progress ttheyy are making. Bill Chappell Got it. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you. I hope that you have come away from today's call with tthey same optimism we have about tthey future prospects for our business. And I'd like to thank our associates, retail partners and franctheirees for ttheyir dedication to our mission and providing high-quality products to our customers. Thank you very much for joining us today. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.