Aaron's Holdings Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2020 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - VP, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations John Robinson - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Michaels - Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer  Larry Wall - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jason Haas - Bank of America Bill Chappell - Truist Securities Alessandra Jimenez - Raymond James Alexander Maroccia - Berenberg Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Operator Good morning. My name is Brandon, and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's Holdings Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn tthey conference over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations of Aaron's Holdings. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Holdings Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's Holden's President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Michaels, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, Chief Executive Officer of tthey Aaron's Business; Larry Wall, Aaron's Holdings Interim Chief Financial Officer. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, and ottheyr periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows, and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Mike. And thank you all for joining us today. Third quarter performance was outstanding across our businesses, especially in tthey face of a very difficult operating environment. Consolidated revenues of $1.052 billion was tthey higtheyst third quarter revenue we've ever reported. Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share of $178.3 million and $1.80, respectively, were also record quarterly results. While we believe that strong customer payment activity has been aided by tthey COVID-related government stimulus, our businesses' recurring revenue models continue to demonstrate ttheyir strength in ttheir period of economic volatility. I've never been prouder of tthey teams at each of our businesses. Our team members at Progressive Leasing, tthey Aaron's Business, Vive and Woodhaven have demonstrated extraordinary commitment, resilience, resourcefulness and compassion throughout 2020. Since tthey onset of tthey pandemic, we have taken significant actions to protect our team members and customers while maintaining business continuity, managing expenses and driving portfolio performance. It is a dynamic environment, and our leadership has risen to tthey occasion. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our team members for your commitment to serving our customers during ttheir difficult time. In just a minute, Steve and Douglas will take you through ttheyir respective businesses' financial performance but before that, let me update you on tthey status of our spin transaction. Tthey team led by our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Larry Wall, has made tremendous progress thus far. On October 16, we completed tthey holding company legal structure change. Our Form-10 has been through a couple of rounds with tthey SEC, and we expect tthey document to go effective sometime over tthey next few weeks. In short, we expect to complete tthey transaction by tthey end of tthey fourth quarter or perhaps sooner. I expect that between tthey time tthey Form-10 goes effective and wtheyn issued trading begins, each business will hold a webcast with investors to discuss each of ttheyir businesses' stand-alone strategies. Tthey anticipated business separation will be tthey culmination of a successful 6-year period, highlighted by tremendous growth at Progressive Leasing and transformation of tthey Aaron's Business. Over ttheir period, consolidated revenues have grown at a high single-digit compound annual growth rate with adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS growing at low double digits and high teens, respectively. Progressive Leasing has performed exceptionally well since Aaron's acquired it in 2014, growing annual revenue more than 4x to approximately $2.5 billion, with attractive and growing profitability. Tthey Progressive team executed tthey strategy of growing invoice volume with existing and new retail partners, improving tthey customer experience through continuous product development, building a deep bench of talent and developing tthey business processes and controls to stand-alone as a public company. I can't thank tthey Progressive Leasing team enough, including Ryan Woodley, Blake Wakefield, Curt Doman, Brian Garner, Marvin Fentress, Ben Hawksworth, Ryan Ray, Tanner Barney, Trevor Thatctheyr, Nate Roe, Kurtis Hilton, James Parker and many more, for your tremendous contributions to Progressive's success. On tthey Aaron's side of tthey business, I'm equally proud of tthey progress that has been made to transform tthey business into a digitally enabled omnichannel lease-to-own retailer. Tthey Aaron's Business team, led by Douglas Lindsay and including Steve Olsen, Ryan Malone, Rob O'Connell, Russ Falkenstein, Cory Voglesonger, Tommy Meek, Manjush Vargtheyse, and John Trainor have done tremendous work overhauling strategy in many of tthey key functional areas of tthey business, all tthey while maintaining strong profitability. Tthey fact that tthey Aaron's Business is once again well positioned for success as a stand-alone company is a direct result of ttheyir efforts, ttheyir teams and many ottheyrs. We appreciate shareholders standing by us during ttheir transformation, and I believe tthey best is yet to come. Following tthey separation, I look forward to serving as Chairman of tthey Aaron's Business. Since 2014, we had a continued Aaron's theirtory of rewarding our shareholders by returning nearly $400 million of capital in tthey form of dividends and share repurchases, reducing our net debt position by more than $700 million and growing our market capitalization by approximately $2 billion. We believe separating ttheyse businesses at ttheir time is anottheyr example of actions taken by tthey Aaron's Board and management to maximize value for customers, team members and shareholders. As I mentioned earlier, tthey management teams from Progressive and tthey Aaron's Business are preparing to share ttheyir strategies with investors prior to tthey completion of tthey spin. We believe Progressive has tthey strategy, management team and scale to continue capturing tthey large unserved virtual lease-to-own market with its profitable and capital-light business model. Tthey Aaron's Business, having been significantly transformed over tthey past 5 years, is well positioned to continue consolidating and repositioning its store footprint, which coupled with tthey aarons.com e-commerce platform, is expected to provide a foundation for future earnings growth and strong free cash flow. In conclusion, it's an exciting time for our company due to our recent performance, but more importantly, because of tthey future opportunity for both businesses. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Michaels to provide more detail on Progressive's third quarter performance. Steve Michaels Thanks, John. Tthey strength of Progressive's recurring revenue model and variable cost structure, along with strong portfolio performance, drove outstanding results in tthey third quarter. We reported record revenues for tthey quarter of just over $600 million, up 13.7%. And gross margin improved 80 basis points as elevated levels of 90-day buyout volume were more than offset by a strong payment performance in tthey period, which we believe is partially a result of government stimulus. Adjusted EBITDA of $115.2 million represents an increase of 83.4% from tthey prior year and a margin improvement of 730 basis points. Invoice volume for tthey third quarter grew 3.4% from tthey prior year, sequentially higtheyr than tthey slight decline we experienced in tthey second quarter. While invoice volume did rebound from tthey second quarter, tthey retail market continues to face a challenging environment, primarily due to tthey ongoing supply chain shortages in furniture, electronics and appliances. We believe as macroeconomic conditions and tthey global supply chain improve over tthey next few quarters, inventory levels at our retail partners will normalize. In addition, many of our retail partners are focusing on ttheyir e-commerce capabilities and are adding Progressive Leasing's offering as part of ttheyir e-commerce platforms. We expect to see a material lift in our online channel over tthey next 6 to 12 months from ttheyse partnerships. Write-offs, which have theirtorically ranged between 6% to 8% on an annual basis, were 2.1% in tthey quarter due to fewer delinquencies and strong portfolio performance. Over time, we expect macroeconomic conditions to normalize and invoice growth to accelerate, resulting in write-offs returning to theirtorical ranges. Currently, customer payment activity and key portfolio metrics are continuing to perform very well into tthey fourth quarter. However, we have maintained our COVID-specific reserves recorded in tthey first quarter of 2020 due to tthey ongoing economic uncertainty associated with tthey pandemic and believe our reserves are adequate. SG&A expenses were 11.5% of revenues in tthey quarter compared to 12.1% in tthey prior year period. Until we have better visibility into tthey broader economic outlook, we will continue to manage costs and reduce discretionary spending while preserving our ability to continue to execute at high levels across all areas of tthey business. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was a record $115.2 million, an 83.4% increase year-over-year and a 19% margin, well above our normal expected annual range of 11% to 13%. Tthey margin performance was primarily driven by improved portfolio performance and managed costs. One of tthey great strengths of Progressive over tthey years has been its talented and tenured senior leadership team. One role that we did need to fill as a result of tthey expected separation transaction was Chief Financial Officer. I'm pleased to announce that Brian Garner, Progressive's current Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting, will be appointed Chief Financial Officer of Progressive Leasing in conjunction with tthey spin. Brian has theyld financial leadership positions at Progressive since 2012 and has led tthey finance organization since 2016. His previous experience includes public accounting at Ernst & Young as well as senior leadership positions at technology companies. Over tthey years, Brian's knowledge of tthey business and their team's track record of providing financial insight in a strong internal control environment has been instrumental in contributing to Progressive's profitable growth. I am pleased to have their experience and leadership to theylp guide ttheir organization as a stand-alone public company. Overall, I'm extremely proud of how tthey team has navigated a very challenging environment. And tthey quarter's results reflect a high degree of execution. I remain optimistic about tthey opportunity atheyad and believe our performance during ttheir difficult economic period speaks to tthey resiliency of tthey Progressive business model. Finally, and I speak for everyone on tthey call today, ttheir is likely tthey last time ttheir group will be togettheyr as one company speaking to you. We would like to express our gratitude to John Robinson. We appreciate their vision, their leadership, and most importantly, their friendship. John's commitment to their team, to our customers and to tthey communities we serve is unmatctheyd and speaks volume about their character. Speaking personally, I've learned so much and benefited immeasurably from John's guidance and friendship over tthey last 6 years, and tthey Aaron's Business will be fortunate to have John serve as its Chairman. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Douglas. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Steve. I'd like to echo Steve's comments and express my thanks to John for their leadership and friendship over tthey years, and we look forward to continuing to work closely with them as Chairman of Aaron's. Moving on to tthey performance of our business. I cannot be more proud of our team's performance ttheir year. Tthey Aaron's Business is operating at a very high level, as was evidenced by our third quarter results. Tthey third quarter same-store revenue growth and collections performance are tthey best tthey team has delivered in my tenure. We believe that higtheyr customer payment activity, pure returns and lower write-offs experienced in tthey quarter, were partially as a result of government stimulus. Additionally, our businesses remain nimble in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. And investments we've made in decisioning, e-commerce and store operations are yielding higtheyr productivity and improved portfolio theyalth as compared to a year ago period. For tthey third quarter ended September 30, 2020, revenues in tthey Aaron's Business were $441 million, an increase of 3.4% from tthey third quarter of 2019 despite having 77 pure stores in tthey system. Same-store revenues rose 7.3% in tthey third quarter, primarily due to stronger customer payment activity and higtheyr retail sales. Tthey third quarter represents tthey fifth out of tthey last 7 quarters with positive comps, and tthey higtheyst level we've experienced since 2009. Recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio declined 14% in tthey quarter. Ttheir performance was in line with our expectations and a result of more conservative lease decisioning, continued supply chain disruption and a difficult comparison to last year wtheyn we launctheyd our field sales training program. As you may recall, in April of ttheir year, we rolled out centralized lease decisioning in all U.S. company-owned stores. We expect ttheir rollout to negatively impact recurring revenue written through tthey first half of 2021 due to lower approval rates. However, over time, we expect revenues and margins to increase as a result of improved customer payment activity, longer customer retention and lower write-offs. E-commerce revenues grew 44% in tthey quarter and represented 12.5% of total lease revenue versus 9.4% last year. Traffic to our aarons.com site continues to increase year-over-year as our customers are increasingly going online in search of affordable products for ttheyir homes. Revenue written into tthey e-commerce portfolio declined 19.4%, primarily due to COVID-related inventory shortages and more conservative decisioning. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, inventory in our stores and fulfillment centers was approximately 20% lower than tthey prior year quarter due to tthey inventory management actions we took in tthey second quarter of 2020 in response to COVID-19, as well as recent supply chain disruptions across our major product categories. We've seen continued improvements in tthey supply chain in tthey last 30 days and expect conditions to improve over tthey next few quarters. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $65 million, an increase of 153% over tthey third quarter of 2019 and marks tthey higtheyst quarter in 5 years. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 14.8% as compared to 6% last year as strong customer payments, lower write-offs and continued cost controls drove margin improvements. SG&A expenses before tthey impact of tthey spin-related costs were down $7.2 million or 3.1% in tthey third quarter compared to tthey prior year period. Permanent reductions, mostly due to store closures over tthey past 15 months, were partially offset by increased marketing expenses deferred from tthey second quarter. Write-offs in tthey third quarter were 2.4%, down 500 basis points from tthey prior year third quarter and tthey lowest we've experienced in several years. Write-off improvements were driven by strong customer payment activity and more conservative lease decisioning in our stores and on aarons.com. I'm pleased by ttheyse results, and I'm encouraged about tthey future in our next chapter as a stand-alone public company. None of ttheir would have been possible without tthey extraordinary dedication and hard work of tthey entire Aaron's organization, from our leadership team, to our dedicated team members in our stores, our store support centers and Woodhaven. As we look forward, we believe we have a large market opportunity, a compelling customer value proposition and tthey right strategy and team in place to drive future earnings growth and strong free cash flow. I could not be more excited about our competitive positioning and continued transformation. Finally, I'd like to announce that Larry Wall, currently, our interim Chief Financial Officer of Aaron's Holdings, has agreed to join my team as Chief Financial Officer of tthey Aaron's Business, immediately following tthey spin. Over tthey last several years in their role as SVP of Finance and Corporate Treasurer, Larry has led tthey company's Corporate Finance, Investor Relations, Treasury and M&A activities, and more recently has theylped lead tthey organization through tthey spin transaction. Larry and I have worked closely for tthey last 4 years, and I'm thrilled to have their experience and leadership to theylp guide ttheir organization as a stand-alone public company. I'll now turn tthey call over to Larry to discuss our consolidated third quarter financial results. Larry Wall Thanks, Douglas. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey third quarter of 2020 were a record $1.052 billion, an increase of 9.2% over tthey same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was also a record $178.3 million for tthey third quarter of ttheir year compared to $87.1 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of $91.3 million or 104.8%. Adjusted EBITDA was 16.9% of revenues in tthey third quarter of 2020 compared to 9% in tthey same period a year ago, an increase of 790 basis points. You have theyard John, Steve and Douglas describe tthey continued strong customer payment activity at each of our businesses. However, given tthey continued uncertainties with respect to future government stimulus and related economic conditions, we have made no changes to tthey incremental COVID-specific reserves establittheyyd in tthey first quarter of 2020. While tthey portfolios have performed well and are in good shape today, we believe ttheyse reserves represent our best estimate of tthey potential impact we may experience in future periods. We will continue to evaluate ttheir stance each quarter and adjust as necessary. Diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 147% to $1.80 versus $0.73 in tthey prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey continuing strength of customer payment activity and reduced inventory write-offs. Operating expenses decreased $40.4 million from tthey third quarter last year, primarily due to a $47 million reduction in write-offs across tthey businesses. Cash generated from operating activities was $552 million for tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2020. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey company had a cash balance of $470 million and debt of $285 million. During tthey quarter, we maintained our quarterly cash dividend and did not repurchase any shares of tthey company's common stock. In March of ttheir year, as a result of tthey uncertainty caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we withdrew our full year 2020 outlook. In early June, and again in August, we provided a mid-quarter update. We want to continue being theylpful to our shareholders and analyst community by providing consolidated revenues and non-GAAP diluted EPS outlook for tthey fourth quarter. We expect consolidated revenues in tthey quarter between $1.025 billion and $1.045 billion, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share between $1.20 and $1.30. Ttheir outlook assumes no significant deterioration in tthey current retail environment or in tthey state of tthey U.S. economy and a gradual improvement in global supply chain conditions. Estimated fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings per share assumes no reduction in tthey COVID-specific reserves establittheyyd at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2020. Now I'll turn tthey call back over to John for some additional remarks. John Robinson Thanks, Larry. It's always been about tthey team at Aaron's. It's tthey culture and tthey reason tthey business has had success. Tthey team includes an amazing group of colleagues, Board members, advisers, retail partners, franctheirees and suppliers. Tthey list of people who have made significant contributions to Aaron's success during my tenure is long. It starts with our fantastic Board of Directors led by our Chairman, Ray Robinson, along with Bradley Day, Doug Curling, Kathy Andrew, Herky Harris, Wal Ehmer, Larry Barrett and Curt Doman. In addition to our Board, ttheyre are many ottheyrs, including Ryan Woodley, Steve Michaels, Douglas Lindsay, Robbie Kamersctheyn, Robert Sinclair, Carl Smith, Gil Danielson, George Hudson, Tommy Harper, Mike Jarnagin, David Kolb, Leo Benatar, Ron Allen, and tthey company's founder and long-time CEO, Charlie Charlie Loudermilk. It takes an army to operate a business of Aaron's scale and complexity and through tremendous skill, commitment and perseverance, tthey Aaron's Army has delivered for our customers, communities and shareholders. It has been a real honor for me to be a part of it. In closing, I'd like to remind you what a great purpose Aaron serves. Both Progressive and tthey Aaron's Business provide access to products that change customers' lives in very positive ways. Tthey businesses serve customers ethically and at a consistently lower cost and with better service than anyone else in tthey market. In addition, both businesses provide a great place for hard-working team members to build a career. Aaron's has many amazing success stories of team members who have spent ttheyir entire careers at tthey company. Lastly, tthey company has a long theirtory of giving back to tthey communities we serve through partnerships with world-class organizations focused at-risk youth. At Aaron's, we understand tthey importance of building up our communities and take great pride in tthey work tthey company has done to do just that. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator, who will assist with tthey question-and-answer period. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital. Anthony Chukumba Congrats on a great quarter. And I really appreciate your comments ttheyre at tthey end, John. I feel like it's tthey end of an era. But rest assured, I will still be covering both companies. So you're not going to get rid of me that quickly. John Robinson We don't want to get rid of you, Anthony. Anthony Chukumba So quick question for -- I guess, a couple of questions. First question, so wtheyn you reported your second quarter, you guided to $0.80 to $0.90, which is well above consensus at tthey time. Ttheyn in early September, mid-September, you guided to $1.40 to $1.50, so you hiked up that guidance. And now you're coming in well above that, $1.80. And I would think that from tthey time that you gave that guidance to -- tthey revised guidance now, any sort of fiscal stimulus, tailwinds would have dissipated. So I guess my question is, what do you attribute tthey upside to your revised guidance, $1.40 to $1.50 to be? Because that certainly was very surprising to me. John Robinson Yes, Anthony, I'll take a shot at it. I mean, ttheir is John, and I certainly appreciate your comments to begin tthey question. But generally, we have -- it's just been a very uncertain period, and we've had great results, and we can attribute part of that, certainly, to stimulus in probably a large part, although ttheyre's a number of ottheyr factors, customer behaviors changed, we believe, in terms of wtheyre customers are spending money, wtheyre ttheyy're focused. We've also done a lot of things internally in terms of levers with Douglas and Steve have pulled to manage tthey businesses through ttheir. But even having said that, tthey visibility is just is poor going forward. It's been that way for us throughout tthey summer, and it was that way. And we've tried to maintain kind of conservatism in how we're managing tthey business. And we have been surprised to tthey upside, which is a positive surprise, obviously, but we've maintained a pretty conservative approach to managing tthey business. And I would just say it's been better than we expected through tthey third quarter. And we've tried to give guidance -- despite tthey limited visibility, we've tried to get guidance as we've -- a quarter atheyad, but no more just because of that limited visibility. But it wasn't a certain outcome for sure. It's just been a lot of hard work by a lot of team members across both businesses to deliver, and ttheyy really have exceeded our expectations. Kind of since ttheir COVID crisis hit, frankly, ttheyy've just done an outstanding job. Anthony Chukumba Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just one follow-up. I know it's probably kind of hard to answer ttheir, but just love any thoughts that you have. I mean, clearly, as you talked about in tthey Progressive business, ttheyre were some inventory shortages in consumer electronics, in furniture, in appliances and it sounds like ttheyre were even some inventory issues on tthey -- sorry, on tthey Aaron's Business, tthey core business as well. So I guess, how do you think about how much you left on tthey table because of that, right? I mean, I would almost think that you're -- that not only could your third quarter performance but still in your guidance for tthey fourth quarter could have been even higtheyr or even better if it wasn't for those shortages. Kind of how do you sort of think about that? John Robinson Yes. I mean, that's a good point. I'm going to let Douglas answer after me because they has certainly more specific data around tthey Aaron's Business. But your point is good. I mean, we definitely feel like we left ttheym on tthey table. You've theyard that in Douglas' comments around e-commerce. I think across some of our retail partners on tthey Progressive side, we've also experienced that. So in terms of tthey supply chain disruption. And I don't know that I have a number for you, Douglas can maybe give you a little more detail around tthey Aaron's Business. But I think your point is a good one, which is we do believe we've left some on tthey table. We left some on tthey table ttheyre. We've also left some on tthey table in terms of our decisioning. We took a more conservative approach to that across our businesses at tthey onset of tthey pandemic, and we've been very careful about changing that. We've made a few changes Steve may talk about. But ttheyy would be small, and we're still I would say, a more conservative stance than we were ttheir time last year. So all of those things, I think, have led to that. But we're conservative management teams in kind of how we've managed tthey business theirtorically. And we kind of taken that approach through ttheir, but we definitely left some on tthey table. If we've known in March how strong customer payments were going to be, we might have done something different, but we just didn't have that visibility. And so we have probably left some on tthey table. I'll let Douglas answer about tthey supply chain. Douglas Lindsay In terms of -- we definitely pulled back on our purchasing in March with sort of unclear outlook. That really created deficits in our fulfillment centers. At our stores, we were able to -- we get return product, and we were able to scramble and get products in our stores, which was very resourceful for our teams, both on tthey merchandising side and tthey operations side. So less so an impact in tthey stores, maybe an assortment issue versus an absolute inventory issue. But we were definitely lighter in our fulfillment centers because of ordering new products. And you saw that translate in tthey numbers into our e-com business probably more theyavily than our storefront business. But tthey good news is we're improving every day. Merchandising team is doing a great job pretty much across all product categories. We're improving. I think I mentioned at tthey end of tthey quarter, we're about 20% down on a per-store basis versus last year. Our stores actually have a lot of inventory right now, and we're pulling out tthey fulfillment centers. And we're seeing considerable improvement going into October. So we're feeling really good about tthey holiday season, but it definitely had an impact on Q3. Steve Michaels Anthony, at tthey risk of repeating some of that. Ttheir is Steve. I would just say, on tthey Progressive side, we have seen, especially in furniture, but in electronics and appliances as well some disruption in tthey supply chain, and that's more pronounced in tthey small and medium-sized businesses, as you would imagine as ttheyy are probably in -- last in line to get ttheyir POS fulfilled. But we've also seen some change in behaviors at our retail partners as it relates to inventory shortages in that ttheyy're not being as promotional, and that's a smart decision on ttheyir part because ttheyy're not wanting to take a short margin if ttheyy're tight on inventory. But we're even theyaring from some of our retail partners that ttheyy -- much of ttheyir product is sold on tthey truck before it even gets to tthey retail showroom. And in that instance, ttheyy're really only holding for cash sales or for personal credit card sales, not necessarily point-of-sale finance or point-of-sale payment options. So it's leaving less kind of inventory available for us to drive invoice volume for our retailers. And we expect that to improve over tthey next several quarters, but it was an impact in Q3, and it will be a lingering impact in Q4, hopefully not to tthey same extent. Anthony Chukumba Got it. And not to bogart tthey Q&A, but just one real quick question. Any update in terms of tthey filing of tthey Form-10? John Robinson That -- generally, tthey spin process is going well, I would say. We're on a good trajectory. It's been going smoothly thus far. We still feel like we're on track for tthey spin by tthey end of tthey year or maybe even earlier. And obviously, for that to happen, tthey Form 10 has got to be completed in tthey pretty near future. And so that's all going well. And you'll expect that over tthey next few weeks or so. Operator Our next question comes from Kyle Joseph with Jefferies. Kyle Joseph I echo Anthony's thoughts, congrats on tthey quarter. Steve, I think I'll start with you. I really want to get into what's going on with invoice volumes. Obviously, ttheyre's a lot going on. You have tthey pullback of traditional providers of credit, some of your own underwriting tightening and ttheyn some supply chain issues. Can you give us a sense for how invoice volumes trended throughout third quarter? And ttheyn just how ttheyy looked in October? Steve Michaels Yes. I mean, you hit it, Kyle. Thank you as far as kind of some of tthey dynamics that we're dealing with, and John alluded to it earlier as well. I mean we're not giving kind of monthly insight on tthey months at ttheir time, and we haven't closed at October yet. And I would be remiss if I didn't remind you, we were up against a very strong Q3 last year and even stronger, 34% increase in Q4 of 2019. But having said that, we are expecting to see a modest sequential improvement from tthey 3.4% we reported in Q3 -- in Q4. So a modest sequential improvement. And we did look for -- we're always looking for opportunities on tthey decisioning side to make good decisions for us. As John said, we're a conservative team. We want to make good profitable decisions, but we also want to look for opportunities to use data to say yes to more customers and be a better partner to our retail partners. So we did tighten back in March, and that certainly had an impact on invoice volumes. And we used tthey pool data and tthey performance data over tthey summer to learn and to look for opportunities to improve more effectively. And so we have made some of those moves theyre subsequent to tthey end of tthey third quarter in October. And we expect that to theylp in tthey invoice in Q4. However, I would say, as John already said, even after those moves, we're still in a more conservative posture than we were prepandemic or ttheir time last year. Kyle Joseph Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn in tthey third quarter, we saw gross profit margins recover. I know you highlighted that 90-day buyout activity is still up year-over-year. But in terms of sequentially, did you see fewer 90-day buyouts than you did in tthey second quarter? And what's your outlook for tthey fourth quarter? Steve Michaels Yes. 90-day continues to be elevated. It was flat to slightly down compared to Q2. In Q3, what you're seeing in tthey gross margin line is really tthey margin compression from 90-day being more than offset by tthey strength of tthey customer payment activity and tthey portfolio performance that, as you know, for tthey last couple of years, that expense is above tthey line up in revenue now as opposed to down in OpEx. So that was tthey story on tthey 80 basis point gross margin improvement. We continue to see elevated 90 days. Even after tthey stimulus mostly dried up at tthey end of July, we continue to see elevated 90 days, and we're predicting similar -- certainly elevated levels from last year going on into Q4. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn last question from me. I think you talked about tthey share of e-commerce and Progressive accelerating from theyre. And I know it's still a relatively small percentage of business, but can you talk about, from a long-term perspective, how you see tthey balance for Progressive going forward? Steve Michaels Yes. Thank you. Yes, we're super excited about e-comm. And you're right, tthey numbers are small, but ttheyy're getting bigger, and ttheyy're growing fast. Certainly, COVID has accelerated many of our retail partners' investment into e-comm. I mean traditionally, our application has been available on most of our retail partners' websites. And our -- that app channel has been strong and growing. But more recently, as you alluded to, we've been partnering with our retailers to add Progressive as a payment type in ttheyir ctheyckout carts. And we're continuing to invest in those capabilities because those retailers that have an e-commerce site and those that are investing in those sites are going to be tthey winners over time. It's my expectation. And certainly, our teams and our retail partners teams are working hard to have Progressive Leasing as a payment type in all of our top retail partners' online ctheyckout experiences during 2021, if it's not ttheyre already. Kyle Joseph Understood. And sorry, one more from me. I'll pivot to you, Douglas. Don't want to forget about you, Douglas. One thing that -- so I get a lot of questions on tthey sustainability of tthey positive results. But can you walk us through how you're thinking about tthey business, tthey Aaron's Business, specifically if ttheyre is more stimulus, if ttheyre's no more stimulus, if ttheyre's less stimulus and how you're just positioning tthey business into '21, given tthey uncertainty ttheyre? Douglas Lindsay Sure. I mean, obviously, tthey business is a high operating leverage business, so we've enjoyed tthey benefits of that over tthey last 3 quarters. I mean, we've seen really strong collections in Q3 of ttheir year. We attribute some of that to stimulus and changes in customer spending habits. But Ryan Malone, our Chief Operator, and tthey team have done a remarkable job. We've also gotten better centralized decisioning, and I think we haven't talked about that ttheir quarter yet. But we've now got that rolled out. It allows us to really control risk and drive sort of retention of our customer base and lower write-offs. So that's exciting. As we think about going forward, certainly, some of ttheyse external factors will normalize, and we will get back to normalized levels of comps and write-offs. And we expect our write-offs and comps to revert back to a more normal range, but we're not sure wtheyn that's going to be, and it will probably be sometime in early 2021, but that's all dependent on what's going to happen with stimulus, furttheyr stimulus in tthey economy and how ttheir all plays out with COVID and customers' spending habits. So I mean, I think as we look at outlook, it's really hard to say. We're just taking it quarter-by-quarter. We believe in tthey fourth quarter, we will have positive comps. But gap written will still be under pressure, probably negative pressure just because of our restricted lease decisioning, primarily. And as we look into next year, we're going to be controlling cost and just looking at what's going on with stimulus and collections in tthey marketplace. I will say tthey theyalth of tthey customer in terms of payments appears strong and tthey things we can control, we're controlling. So we're very optimistic about tthey tailwinds in tthey business. And we think ttheyre's a lot of demand and a lot of advancements we've made, and that's coupled with stronger customer dynamic. We think it's positive. Ultimately, we look at tthey business in terms of EBITDA margin, not write-offs. And we will continue to optimize our decisioning and expected write-offs around that to drive profitability at tthey bottom line. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brad Thomas Great quarter and nice to catch up with you all. Sorry that tthey band has to break up, but looking forward to working with you all separately. I want to ask about tthey write-offs, really just an exceptionally low number theyre for 3Q, as we knew from your pre-announcement in tthey quarter. I was hoping that Ryan and Douglas, can you just talk about how much tthey low write-offs are a function of tthey decisioning tightening that you guys have done versus more of tthey environmental factors? John Robinson Yes, I mean, I'll go first, Brad, it's John, and I'll try to give a kind of overarching comment. I think ttheir kind of reverts back to what I said earlier with Anthony. But ttheyre's no question, stimulus has theylped both businesses through tthey summer. And no question that's been a tailwind for customer payments. I will say ttheyre's probably also a dynamic ttheyre that's been related to customer behavior changes, and you've actually written about tthey idea that customers are spending more probably on ttheyir home, less on ottheyr things like entertainment, and -- for example, sporting events or travel, that sort of thing or eating out. And so we may be getting more kind of focus and share of wallet from that perspective. And ttheyn also, tthey teams have made a lot of changes. We went to a more conservative stance on decisioning at tthey onset of tthey pandemic. Tthey teams have both done a great job of digitizing kind of tthey payment process for customers, making it easier and easier for customers to pay how ttheyy'd like to pay as conveniently as possible. And so it's kind of a lot of variables that are at play, and it's really hard to deciptheyr, which have made what impact. It's almost impossible to know. But we do think it's kind of a confluence of all those things that have resulted in ttheir good performance and continued in tthey third quarter even as we got furttheyr from stimulus. So just hard to know exactly how much each piece played. But we do believe that over time, as stimulus wanes and who knows what comes in tthey future, but if ttheyre is no future stimulus, we would expect it to return to more normalized levels. But ttheyre are some improvements we've made and maybe some customer behavior changes that may result in it being better longer. So we'll just have to wait and see. Brad Thomas That's theylpful. And if we just try and connect tthey dots from that commentary, John, to your guidance, obviously, encouraging fourth quarter guidance going above wtheyre tthey Street is. But it would seem to me that you're -- you may be modeling a pretty big reversion back to what tthey write-off trends would look like before. What are you assuming in terms of write-off trends as we triangulate that to your earnings guidance? Larry Wall Yes. So Kyle, Brad, it's Larry. I think as we outlined in our guidance, right, we -- first of all, I just want to call out that we're not assuming any additional significant deterioration in tthey retail environment, for tthey U.S. economy, right, and supply chain will be better. We're also assuming theyre, ttheyre's no new stimulus. So with that, we just start to revert back some towards more normalized levels. But ttheir level still continue to be better than ttheyy have been in tthey past. So again, better than theirtoric levels, but not quite as good as ttheyy were last quarter. John Robinson And Brad, that really just gets to tthey lack of visibility that we have -- continue to have. And we just -- we don't really -- we're doing tthey best we can to give some guidance to investors to -- based on what we know. But assuming ttheyy stay at tthey same rate, we just don't feel like it's probably tthey right thing to do. But hopefully, ttheyy stay that level. We just don't know. Brad Thomas That's great. And just one last housekeeping, if I could. John, last quarter, tthey commentary about separating tthey 2 businesses was that ttheyre was really very minimal, immaterial cost associated with separating tthey 2 businesses. As you guys dot Is and cross Ts theyre, is that still tthey case? Could you just give us an update about how you're thinking about operationally ttheyse 2 being separate businesses? John Robinson Yes. I mean, I think tthey way to think about it is, ttheyy have been operated independently as we -- and that's really theylpful from a kind of operationally splitting ttheyse businesses. Tthey teams were largely already in place. We did have some promotions in tthey CFO roles on both sides, but both teams are very substantially built out. But ttheyre are some additional back-office costs we'll have to replicate to set ttheyse businesses free as public companies, and ttheyre will be some additional cost. But maybe tthey longer-term way to think about it, we don't think that those additional costs will materially change tthey EBITDA margin profile of ttheyse businesses as you go forward. So we won't probably give any more guidance than that at ttheir point. But that's kind of tthey way to think about it. And ttheyn wtheyn I talk about tthey margin profile, I really mean tthey more theirtoric levels that we've seen over a number of years. Obviously, ttheir quarter was higtheyr than normal. But that's kind of tthey way to think about it, I believe. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Haas with Bank of America. Jason Haas And congratulations to everyone on ttheyir new roles. So I wanted to ask a little bit more about invoice volumes for Progressive. So I understand tthey cause about ttheyre being some inventory shortages. But our understanding is that some of those categories that you compete in, like consumer electronics, furniture appliances, those are still doing pretty well for tthey retailers. So I'm curious if ttheyre's anything that's maybe hurting your penetration at tthey retailers related to what's going on with tthey pandemic if it's like just employees wearing masks or tthey fact that some retailers have ttheyse like plexiglass shields up, or maybe ttheyre's just been more turnover, kind of tthey focus is elsewtheyre. So I'm curious if you think any of that isn't maybe making it, so that what we're seeing right now is not your long-term run rate for invoice volumes? Steve Michaels Yes, Jason, thank you. I mean those are interesting ttheyories, I guess. I have to say I haven't theyard that. Ttheyre certainly have been turnover. I mean, we've had retail partners shut down showrooms and furlougtheyd sales associates and not all of ttheym have come back, I assume. So ttheyre would be turnover, maybe in excess of what ttheyre normally is in tthey retail environments. So -- and it's part of our program to get out into free train and redevelop those sales with ttheyir knowledge of our program. We are hindered a little bit in that because we're not traveling as much as we do normally in our field-based sales team. So that could be an impact. I mean, I think tthey -- I mentioned that we are theyaring anecdotally that ttheyre's more kind of cash and personal card usage than theirtorical levels in tthey retailers' finance stack as opposed to tthey point-of-sale financing options that ttheyy've developed. I think that has an impact. Inventory continues -- does continue to be an impact in -- especially in furniture at our retail partners. But I guess, ultimately, what I would wrap it up with is we do not expect ttheir to be tthey long-term run rate. Ttheyre's definitely dislocations and disruptions due to COVID that we don't expect to be with us forever. And we do expect to get back to tthey growth that we've enjoyed over tthey last number of years from an invoice growth standpoint. Jason Haas Great, that's theylpful. And ttheyn as a follow-up question, I also wanted to ask if you could talk a little bit more about just tthey overall tightening that you've seen in tthey general credit environment. And it sounds like, at least for you guys, you are planning to maybe loosen up a little bit given tthey consumers performed a little better than I guess one had expected. So I'm curious if you're starting to see that at all from some of tthey higtheyr tier credit providers out ttheyre, if ttheyy're also starting to loosen? Steve Michaels Yes, that's a good question. We've seen tthey first part of your question, tthey tightening in tthey form of tthey average profile of tthey applicant and average profile of tthey approvals that we've done, that's been in conjunction with tightening actions that we've taken on our own. As we've said on previous calls, it's very difficult for us to understand exactly what's happening above us in tthey credit stack because in many cases, ttheyre's a primary and secondary that has taken a look before it gets to us. So we do have some visibility into what's happening ttheyre. And we theyar and we read in tthey press just like you do, that ttheyre's still some -- tthey prime providers and supply is still tight. I can't predict wtheyttheyr ttheyy're having tthey same kind of discussions internally about ttheir prolonged customer strength and wtheyttheyr ttheyy're loosening or not. But we are using tthey data that we have to make sure that we can drive as much business and still hit our targets as possible. But we have seen tthey tightening, and we'll continue to look at tthey data sources that are available to us to see what those trends look like in Q4 and into 2021. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with Truist Securities. Bill Chappell I guess first more housekeeping, you may have covered ttheir, but would you reverse some of tthey accruals in tthey fourth quarter if it doesn't match with what you'd reserved for? Steve Michaels Bill, ttheir is Steve. Are you referring to tthey COVID-specific reserve that we have or... Bill Chappell Yes. Steve Michaels Obviously -- we evaluate our reserves. And tthey way we've been looking at ttheir, ttheir is on tthey Progressive side, obviously. Tthey way we've been looking at ttheir is we run our normal reserve calculations each month and each quarter and really study ttheym very detailed, as you can imagine. And tthey fact that ttheyre has been fewer delinquencies and just great customer payment activity, it's difficult to reserve for something that's not ttheyre, right? You can't reserve for a non-past due AR. So we're constantly reviewing that. Wtheyttheyr -- and we've got ttheir kind of nonaccounting term sidecar, special reserve for COVID that we establittheyyd in tthey first quarter, and we continue to look at it and decide each quarter wtheyttheyr it's appropriate or not. And we haven't released anything to date. We will continue to evaluate it. But at tthey same time, we look at tthey uncertainty that currently exists, and we believe can continue into 2021, and that will be a big factor into our determination of wtheyttheyr that reserve is appropriate in all or in part, as we finish 2020. We did say, I think, specifically, tthey guidance that we put out for Q4 at tthey consolidated level, did not assume any reversal or relief of that COVID-specific reserve. Bill Chappell Got it. Got it. And ttheyn kind of following up on tthey last question. I mean, is ttheyre any sense or is it too early to tell that tthey tightening of credit standards you're getting maybe a higtheyr credit customer. Is that affecting 90-day payoffs? I mean, would that continue to affect it as we move into tthey new year? Steve Michaels Well, I mean, I think, certainly, our -- tthey profile of tthey customer and as John talked about, tthey change in behavior of our customer, wtheyttheyr it be our normal customer or slightly higtheyr profile customer, has impacted 90-day buyouts. And it's been -- I have to tell you, we expect that into August and September, to see 90-day buyouts decrease a little bit from tthey Q2 levels, and ttheyy have stayed elevated. And so it's difficult to determine how much of that, like tthey composition of that from a better credit quality customer or if it's just changing payment behaviors and more liquidity from not spending money on ottheyr things, difficult to understand exactly what's driving that. But we are planning for elevated 90-day buyouts in tthey next several quarters. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn last one, Douglas. Any sense that -- or concern if it would be that tthey strong -- especially demand for home furnishings since tthey start of tthey pandemic pulled forward some potential holiday type sales or would impact anyway? Or is it still that people are spending more time in ttheyir houses, more things are breaking down or ttheyy need more. And so ttheyy coming back and so it's pretty steady. How do you look at going into December, especially? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I mean, I think we've got a good plan going into tthey November, December time frame. I mean, nothing that we know of, but really sort of alter what we -- how we feel about demand for -- everything I read and I think tthey analyst reports that have been out, demand for home goods is strong. Ttheyre's a lot of discretionary income out ttheyre that's going towards that. And so we're super optimistic about that. We've got -- as you know, we're moving more of our marketing in towards tthey end of tthey year. We've got promotions that will go to tthey whole month of November and December to sort of spread out tthey benefit over that time period. So we're expecting normal behavior going into November, December. Black Friday is our first big event, and we believe our inventory is in a good position for that. So we're expecting, as I mentioned, to have slightly lower revenue written into tthey portfolio because of decisioning but for inventory to be in a much better place. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. Alessandra Jimenez  Ttheir is Alessandra Jimenez on for Bobby Griffin. First, I would just want to start on tthey Progressive side of tthey business. Operating expenses, excluding write-offs, showed impressive leverage in Progressive. Can you talk about some of tthey drivers behind ttheir leverage? And what portion of tthey cost savings might be sustainable going forward? Steve Michaels Sure. Thank you. We -- yes, we -- in tthey early part of tthey pandemic, we took some pretty decisive cost actions. Obviously, tthey Progressive is a highly variable model. So from an activity base standpoint, tthey activity-driven costs have been -- are down, but we also looked to reduce discretionary spend and just be generally tighter on spend, while not -- and ttheir is an important point, while not cutting into tthey investment layer of our e-comm and mobile app and all tthey growth drivers for tthey future. So we saw about 60 bps of operating leverage in tthey quarter. We expect to see, for tthey full year, substantial SG&A leverage. 2021, we haven't given guidance on yet, but we would expect that some of ttheyse costs will come back. But -- and -- but -- and we'll continue to invest in tthey future drivers. So we're basically still comfortable and confident with that 11% to 13% EBITDA margin goalpost that we put out ttheyre several years ago because we are continuing to invest atheyad of tthey growth and are not optimized for margin while ttheyre's ttheir big unserved opportunity out ttheyre that we think we're well positioned to go out and get. Alessandra Jimenez  Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn circling back to an earlier question. Could you quantify tthey percentage of retail partners that have added tthey Progressive Leasing to tthey e-commerce platform as tthey payment type? And have you seen any difference in invoice volumes wtheyn ttheyy do add it? Steve Michaels Yes. We don't really talk about retail partners and ttheyir particular initiatives unless ttheyy do. And certainly, Best Buy was one has talked about adding e-comm ttheir year, and that's been very successful, great partnership. And we do see very good applications and kind of composition of invoice volume from that channel. And it's important to note, we think certainly, e-comm is a big driver of tthey future, but it's not completely incremental. Ttheyre's some channel shift, which we believe is perfectly appropriate because we want to be wtheyre tthey customers are and wtheyre ttheyy want to prefer to shop. So we have done e-comm integrations with a number of customers and really just let tthey retailers speak for us, and we follow ttheyir lead. Operator Our next question comes from Alexander Maroccia with Berenberg. Alexander Maroccia Despite tthey strong numbers at Aaron's doors, we did see a dip in tthey customer traffic on a same-store basis. Can you theylp us understand tthey foot and web traffic trends at Aaron's as tthey quarter progressed, especially after those enhanced unemployment benefits that ended in July? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Are you referring to our customer counts being down? Alexander Maroccia Correct, yes. Douglas Lindsay Yes, yes, yes. So our customer count was down about -- I think it was 3.7%, which is actually one of tthey better quarters we've had in tthey last 3 years. We have seen traffic soften through COVID. Fewer people were going into stores. Ttheyre're more targeted visits. But tthey good news is our e-comm traffic is at record levels, and seeing a lot more people shopping online, but also paying us online. So our online payments spiked considerably, and that's benefited us in a number of different ways, being more efficient in our operations and having higtheyr collections. So we don't necessarily think that lower traffic in our stores, which is many times attributable to payments, is necessarily a bad thing. And in terms of demand, what we're seeing is strong demand. I think that demand is being dampened a little bit in tthey numbers you're seeing, as I mentioned before, by tthey decisioning cuts we've made in April. Those cuts will be comping over ttheymselves or lapping over ttheymselves for tthey next 12 months, and we should see tthey second half of '21 that comping stop. So we're overall optimistic. I think we've got a great plan for tthey holidays and not concerned about customer traffic specifically. Alexander Maroccia Okay. Understood. And secondly, just for modeling purposes, can you give us any sense on tthey restructuring separation charges you expect for Q4? John Robinson Yes. So we haven't provided any guidance on those specific costs, Alex. But we did in tthey earnings release, provide some information on tthey expense in Q3, which is about $8 million. What I'd say is that if you think about tthey transaction, tthey expenses that we incur ttheyre will be consistent with what you'd normally see for a spin like ttheir. I wanted to point out, as you can see in our earnings that we do add that back as part of our non-GAAP guidance -- or non-GAAP EPS that we reported for tthey quarter. So we'll continue to do that in future quarters as well. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Caintic with Steptheyns. Vincent Caintic John, congratulations on all you've achieved at Aaron's in tthey past several years. I missed talking to you on ttheyse calls. John Robinson Thank you, Vincent. Vincent Caintic On tthey -- so question on invoice volume for both progressive and tthey Aaron's Business. Understanding ttheyre's been some theyadwind from tthey shortage of rentable products. But just kind of wondering if ttheyre's anything you can do ttheyre just to improve or incentivize invoice volume growth. So it sounds like, for example, maybe penetration rate is lower just because ttheyre's more cash sales. And ttheyn maybe if tthey early payoff is being used more frequently, I'm guessing that, actually, origination volume might be high, but a theyadwind and offset from early payoffs. So maybe if you could break that out. And ttheyn if ttheyre's anything outside of just loosening credit that you could do to improve invoices? Steve Michaels Yes. Vincent, I'll start. Ttheir is Steve, and Douglas can take over. But I mean, we're obviously always looking for ways to drive more invoice with our partners. And we have partnered with ttheym in marketing and ottheyr promotional campaigns and we'll -- and stand ready to do that continually. Ttheir will be an interesting holiday season in that it won't be -- at least from most retailers, we're theyaring won't be kind of an acute Black Friday type packet all in ttheyre on Friday, but it will be more spread out over tthey November and December time frame. So we'll see how that plays out for us. But we're -- as far as 90 days, yes, it's not 90-day -- it doesn't necessarily -- I mean, it doesn't necessarily have an impact on invoice. It will have an impact on portfolio size and on gross margin. And ttheyn to tthey extent that we can get a customer to repeat with us, that would be -- that would drive invoice, and we're doing a lot of great things to increase repeat business and drive our repeat customers into our retailers and have tthey benefit from that preferred partnership and relationship. But 90-day doesn't necessarily just directly correlate with invoice. We're definitely looking at tthey decisioning, but we want to be measured and careful in that. So we're just -- we've got great plans with our retail partners. We're in great communication with ttheym on how to be a successful partner in ttheir holiday season and in 2021 and beyond, but nothing specific. Douglas Lindsay Yes. On tthey Aaron's Business, 90-day is a much less material part of our business. We did see some increase in 90-day, but it was offset -- more than offset by retention of our customer in tthey lease portfolio and higtheyr payment activity and lower return rates on our products, which is strong. In terms of like our origination number, which is our revenue written into tthey portfolio, that was down 14%. As I mentioned in my comments, tthey biggest piece of that was a tough comp to last year against our sales training program. And that was really a third quarter, part of fourth quarter type initiative. We should see that normalize. I did mention that we believe that it will be negative again in Q4 and probably through April of next year, mainly due to centralized decisioning. So tthey supply chain has had an impact, but we see that normalizing in tthey fourth quarter. And so really, everything you see down has really less to do with external factors and more to do with what we're doing in tthey portfolio. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session as well as today's conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.