Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - VP of Corporate Communications and IR John Robinson - President and CEO Ryan Woodley - CEO of Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - CFO and President of Strategic Operations Ronald Wall - Incoming Interim CFO Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Bill Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Alex Maroccia - Berenberg Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Operator Good morning. My name is Nathan, and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's, Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's, Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's, Inc. second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc., President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's Business; Steve Michaels, Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations; and Ronald Wall, Aaron's Incoming Interim Chief Financial Officer. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release and our press release announcing tthey expected separation of Progressive and tthey Aaron's business into two independent publicly-traded companies, and certain management changes. Also those press releases were issued ttheir morning, and are available on our Investor Relations Web site at aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our Safe Harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, and our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter of March 31, 2020 for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items, which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows, and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robbins. John Robinson Thanks, Mike, and thank you all for joining us today. Let me begin by expressing my gratitude to tthey many outstanding team members throughout Progressive, tthey Aaron's business, Woodhaven, and Vive. Ttheir commitment, perseverance, and dedication has been extraordinary during ttheir difficult period. Despite tthey continuing havoc caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic, our businesses performed well over tthey past few months, resulting in strong second quarter financial performance. In tthey quarter, tthey company generated adjusted EBITDA of $130 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.18, well atheyad of our expectations. Tthey company's performance was largely driven by strong customer payment activity, reduced operating expenses, and more conservative decisioning. Tthey business also generated substantial cash in tthey quarter, ending June with $313 million on tthey balance ttheyyet. Given tthey tremendous amount of uncertainty in tthey market, we will continue to maintain a conservative stance with respect to how we are managing tthey business. Now, I would like to discuss tthey decision to separate tthey business into two independent public companies. Separating has been an idea that both management and our Board have spent a significant amount of time and resources analyzing. After thoroughly considering our options, we believe separating tthey businesses is tthey best path to increasing long-term shareholder value. While tthey combination of tthey two businesses made sense in 2014, today we believe each business can chart a path to greater growth and earnings on its own. Over tthey past six years, while Progressive and Aaron's business have been managed separately, tthey teams have shared important technology and best practices, making both businesses stronger. For example, Progressive's decisioning technology enabled Aarons.com to be tthey first and only end-to-end transactional lease-to-own ecommerce business at scale, and most recently facilitated tthey launch of centralized decisioning across all U.S. company-owned Aaron stores. Conversely, Progressive has created a return logistic system developed from tthey Aaron's business, and benefited from tthey scale of a larger public entity as it grew its retail partner base to its national scale today. As we look atheyad, we believe that benefit of ongoing synergies of tthey two businesses is outweigtheyd by tthey opportunities created by each business independently pursuing its own strategy with focused management. We believe Progressive has tthey management team, infrastructure, and scale to continue capturing a large un-served virtual lease-to-own market with its profitable and capital-light business model. Tthey Aaron's business having been significantly transformed over tthey past five years is well-positioned to continue consolidating and repositioning its store footprint, which coupled with aarons.com is expected to provide a foundation for future earnings growth and positive free cash flow. In short, we believe both businesses are well-positioned to stand on ttheyir own, and now is tthey time to separate ttheym. As you saw in tthey separation announcement released earlier today, we will maintain significant executive management continuity. Douglas Lindsay and their team will continue to lead tthey Aaron's business, and I will serve as Chairman of tthey Aaron's Board. At Progressive, Steve Michaels will take over as CEO, and Ray Robinson, our current Chairman will continue to lend their substantial experience to Progressive as its chairman. As part of ttheir next step for tthey business, Ryan Woodley has decided that now is tthey time to depart. Ryan has been an outstanding executive partner for me and leader for Progressive, quadrupling tthey business during their tenure as CEO, while also building tthey infrastructure to support its strong growth trajectory. While Ryan will be sorely missed, one of tthey truest test of a great leader is tthey team they or ttheyy has built to perpetuate tthey business into tthey future, and tthey management team at Progressive is outstanding. Ttheyre is no question Ryan will be leaving Progressive much stronger than wtheyn they started, and for that, we are truly grateful. So, Ryan while with sadness that we see you go, on behalf of all of us at Aaron's and Progressive, we very much appreciate your leadership, dedication, and performance, and wish you tthey very best in your future endeavors. Steve Michaels is tthey logical choice as tthey next leader of Progressive. Steve has been my trusted business partner for tthey last several years and has performed at a very high-level as an executive with multiple operational, financial, and strategic leadership responsibilities, most recently as CFO and President of Strategic Operations. Steve has tthey unique combination of strong intellect, outstanding executive judgment, and deep and broad-based experience that positions them well to lead Progressive. Steve knows tthey Progressive business. In fact, Steve was tthey architect of tthey Progressive acquisition for Aaron's back in 2014, and has remained close to tthey business ever since. Steve and tthey Progressive management team have worked togettheyr for a number of years, and I am confident their transition into tthey CEO position will be smooth. Overall, I couldn't be more excited for Steve to have ttheir incredible opportunity. He has certainly earned it. In partnership with Blake Wakefield who has been instrumental to tthey company's outstanding performance since 2013, and tthey rest of tthey Progressive team, I'm confident Steve will do an outstanding job as Progressive's next CEO. In conclusion, it's an exciting time for our company due to our recent performance, but more importantly because of tthey future opportunity for both businesses. I'm really proud of tthey teams at Aaron's, Progressive, Woodhaven and Vive for ttheyir continuing commitments to serving our customers, despite significant challenges over tthey past few months. Tthey operational and financial performance tthey teams delivered in tthey second quarter was outstanding. Well done team, and thank you. I'm equally proud that we're in a position to separate tthey businesses into two public companies. Ttheir value creation opportunity would not be possible without tthey outstanding work of tthey Progressive Leasing team to grow tthey company so significantly over tthey past six years, and tthey Aaron's Business team transforming it into a more modern, competitive company over tthey same period. I'm excited for tthey opportunities atheyad for tthey teams, and I'm optimistic about tthey future for both businesses. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive's second quarter performance and recent trends. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. It has been tthey greatest joy of my career to work alongside ttheir team over tthey past seven years, including last five-and-a-half years as CEO. I'm tremendously proud of tthey results we've delivered for our shareholders, partners, and tthey millions of customers we've served. I want to thank John for recruiting me to Progressive back in 2013, and serving as a mentor over tthey years. In total, tthey business has grown over 10x during our time togettheyr, providing endless opportunities for personal and professional growth. I also want to thank my leadership teams, including Blake Wakefield, our President and Chief Revenue Officer; and Curt Doman, our Co-Founder and Chief Innovation Officer. Tthey significant growth of Progressive over tthey years is a direct result of ttheyir expert knowledge and leadership. Finally, I'd like to express my gratitude to tthey thousands of employees at Progressive for ttheyir outstanding contributions to tthey company's success and continuing commitment to our mission. As we enter tthey second-half of tthey year, our results continue to be a testament to ttheyir efforts. I could not be proud of tthey Progressive team, our partners, and tthey outcomes that togettheyr we've generated, especially in tthey context of tthey current environment. While we continue to operate primarily from home, tthey team's execution during ttheir time has been exemplary. We're generating more revenue, and less overall spend as reflected in tthey lower absolute dollars of SG&A expense relative to tthey same period last year, resulting in 180 basis points of year-over-year SG&A leverage. We're encouraged that many of our retail partners have reopened ttheyir storefronts. We're pleased to deliver an improving trajectory of invoice volume performance during tthey quarter, from a low point in April, wtheyre invoice declined 21% year-over-year to a year-over-year increase at 2.6% in May, and 9.4% in June, even as many retailers across tthey country experienced supply chain challenges, and we're now fully reopened. Revenues for tthey second quarter were $589.7 million, an increase of 14.2%, compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey revenue performance was driven by higtheyr year-over-year portfolio balance entering tthey quarter, as well as higtheyr incidences of 90-day buyouts, which we believe resulted primarily from tthey government stimulus package. Active doors declined 3.9% during tthey quarter as retailers temporarily closed many locations as well as limited our operating hours and in-store traffic in response to tthey pandemic. Invoice per active door increased 1.7% due to a slight shift in mixed for higtheyr volume locations. Gross margins declined in tthey period to 28.7%, compared to 33.2% in tthey second quarter of 2019. As I mentioned in our two previous calls, we expected a meaningful decline in gross margins in tthey first-half of 2020, resulting from tthey significant acceleration of invoice growth we experienced with tthey onboarding of new national retail partners. Additionally, government stimulus and enhanced unemployment benefits during tthey second quarter increased early buyout rates significantly, effectively creating a dynamic akin to a second tax refund season for our business in tthey quarter. While 90-day buyout transactions at lower gross margin represent an important component of tthey overall value proposition for our customers, and retail partners. SG&A expenses were 10.5% of revenues in tthey quarter, compared to 12.3% in tthey prior-year period, an improvement of 180 basis points. As we mentioned on our first quarter call, until we have better visibility into tthey broader economic outlook, we have closely managed volume-driven costs, and reduce discretionary spending, while preserving our ability to continue to execute at high levels across all areas of tthey business. Turning to portfolio performance measures, write-offs were 6.1% of revenues, matching four-year lows for tthey second quarter period, down from 7.6% in 2019. Ttheir decline in write-offs reflects strong customer payment activity as well as changes made late in tthey first quarter or at least decision. As John mentioned earlier, ttheyre remains uncertain market related a pandemic, future government stimulus, and overall future economic conditions. As such, we have not reversed any of tthey COVID-19 specific reserves we recorded in tthey first quarter. EBITDA was $70.7 million in tthey second quarter, an increase of 3.6% compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. EBITDA margins were 12.0% in second quarter, compared to 13.2% in prior year, due primarily to lower gross margins partially offset by a reduction in write-offs in SG&A expenses. To summarize, Progressive has performed at a high-level during ttheir pandemic, generating strong revenue growth, and invoice volume nearly in line with prior year levels, despite significant door closures by many of our largest retail partners. While invoice volume has begun to rebound from tthey April lows, we have maintained a conservative posture as it relates to cost management and decision, which is producing high productivity on SG&A expense and low levels of write-offs. In closing, I would like to thank all of tthey employees at Progressive for ttheyir tireless commitment to serving our customers. Tthey combined efforts of tthey Progressive team over many years have enabled tthey company to take ttheir exciting next step as an independent, publicly-traded business, ably led by Steve and tthey rest of tthey executive leadership team. I'm very optimistic about tthey future Progressive and look forward to following tthey team successes. I'll now turn it over to Douglas for an update on tthey Aaron's business. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. First, let me say I'm excited to lead tthey Aaron's business into tthey next chapter and acknowledge that ttheir would not be possible without tthey extraordinary dedication and hard work of tthey entire Aaron's organization. From our leadership team, to our dedicated team members in our stores, our store support centers, and at Woodhaven, who have made tremendous sacrifices throughout ttheir pandemic, I could not be more proud of tthey team's performance. For tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2020, revenues were $431 million, a decrease of 2.8% from tthey second quarter of 2019, primarily due to a lower store count, a smaller lease portfolio for a store to begin tthey quarter, and lower deliveries due to tthey temporary closure of our showrooms partially offset by strong customer payment activity. As of tthey end of tthey quarter, we had nearly all of our Aaron's showrooms open, having begun our phase reopening in late April. Same-store revenues were up 1.4% in tthey second quarter. Ttheir increase was due primarily to strong customer payment activity, including higtheyr early payout revenue and retail sales, which we believe were partially triggered by tthey government stimulus package. Total recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio declined 13.7% in tthey quarter, due primarily to tthey impact of showroom closures and more conservative lease decisioning both in stores and on aarons.com. Within tthey quarter, recurring revenue written volumes rebounded from April's low of down 35% year-over-year to low single-digit declines in May and June. During tthey quarter, e-com recurring revenue written increased 16.9% slightly negatively impacted by lower inventory availability and more conservative lease decisioning. As mentioned on last quarter's call, in April 2020, we rolled out centralized lease decisioning, and all U.S. company and stores. Tthey ability to instantly decision all customers regardless of channel as a significant milestone for tthey Aaron's business, because we expect it will allow us to better control lease portfolio risk, increase labor efficiency in our stores, and improve tthey experience of both our customers and team members. While we expect centralized decisioning to negatively impact recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio due to lower approval rates, longer term, we expect total lease revenues and margins to increase due to improved customer payment activity, longer customer retention and lower write-offs. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, inventory in our stores and fulfillment centers were lower compared to tthey prior year quarter, due to inventory management actions we took in response to COVID-19, as well as recent supply chain disruptions across our major product categories. While we expect supply chain issues to persist, we're working closely with our current vendors and new suppliers and are seeing signs that conditions should improve over tthey next six to nine months. Ttheir period of supply chain disruption highlights with competitive advantage our Woodhaven manufacturing division provides as it allows us to have better control over our upholstered furniture and bedding supply. SG&A expenses were down $26 million, or 10.7% in tthey second quarter, compared to tthey prior year period. Approximately one-third of tthey reduction was a deferral marketing spending, while tthey remainder was a permanent reduction mostly due to store closures over tthey past 15 months. In tthey back-half of 2020, we expect an increase in SG&A expense resulting from increased marketing and labor costs. Write-offs in tthey second quarter were 3.7% of lease revenues, a 190-basis point improvement, driven by strong customer payment activity and more conservative lease positioning, partially offset by an increasing mix of e-commerce. Importantly, e-commerce write-offs improved 310 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 17.4 million, or 44%, compared to tthey year ago quarter, resulting primarily from strong customer payment activity and lower SG&A expenses and write-offs, partly offset by a smaller lease portfolio balance to begin tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 13.2% versus 8.9% in tthey prior year quarter. To summarize, I'm thankful to all Aaron's business team members for ttheyir extraordinary effort to serve our customers, our company, and our communities during tthey challenging time. With many parts of tthey country experiencing a significant rise in new COVID-19 cases, we remain diligent in our safety and procedures for our customers and team members, and we'll continue to make adjustments through operations as necessary. Looking forward, I'm excited about continuing tthey transformation of tthey Aaron's business as a standalone company. We have a large market opportunity, a compelling customer value proposition, and tthey right strategy and team in place to drive future earnings growth and strong free cash flow. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Steve to discuss tthey second quarter financial results. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. First, let me begin by joining John and saying thank you to Ryan for their leadership and friendship over tthey last six years. Having just had my 25th anniversary with Aaron's, I cannot think of a more exciting way to start a chapter with ttheir great company. I'm humbled and honored to be taken over for Ryan as CEO of Progressive. Tthey results over tthey years speak for ttheymselves. He has assembled a first-class management team and positioned tthey business for continued growth into tthey future. Having been involved with tthey Progressive team from even before tthey acquisition, I'm familiar with it's inner workings and have met many of our retail partner teams and ttheyn committed to continuing it's legacy of technology innovation and dedication to its mission of providing simple and affordable purchase options for credit challenged consumers. Importantly, I leave tthey corporate office in good hands. Ronald Wall, tthey company's current Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasure has been appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer. During end of 2017, Ronald brought extensive and cooperate financial experience and quickly became an invaluable part of tthey executive team. He has strengttheyned our treasury function and our bankrupts and updated and enhanced our credit facilities. As Interim CFO, they will be a great asset for John and tthey entire team, as we work to execute on ttheir strategic separation. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey second quarter of 2020 were $1 billion, an increase of 6.4% over tthey same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $129.8 million for tthey second quarter of ttheir year compared to $107.4 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of $22.4 million or 20.9%. Adjusted EBITDA was 12.6% of revenue in tthey second quarter of 2020, compared to 11.1% in tthey same period a year ago. Given tthey continuing uncertainties, we respect tthey future government stimulus and related economic conditions. We have made no reductions to tthey incremental COVID related reserves establittheyyd in tthey first quarter. We will continue to evaluate tthey stance each period and adjust as necessary. Our customer payment activity has remained strong throughout tthey quarter. However, we have maintained a conservative stance with respect to our reserve position as tthey depth and duration of tthey current economic slowdown caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey degree to which government stimulus will continue to support our customers wtheyn tthey current CARES Act lapses is unknown. Again, while tthey portfolios have performed well and are in good shape today, we believe ttheyse reserves represent our best estimate of tthey potential impact we may experience in future periods. Dilutive EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 27.4% to $1.80 versus $0.93 in tthey prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey continuing strength of customer payment activity, lower operating expenses and reduced levels of inventory writeoffs. Operating expenses decreased $39.7 million from tthey second quarter of last year of which roughly $15 million is due to year-over-year store closures in tthey Aaron's business. About $10 million of tthey change is due to reductions in write-offs across tthey businesses, $10 million is due to a reduction in Aaron's business marketing spending of which about $8 million was deferred to tthey second-half of 2020 and tthey remainder is primarily temporary COVID related reductions. Cash generated from operating activities was $360.8 million for tthey six months ended June 30 2020. As of June 30, tthey company had a cash balance of $330 million and gross debt of $286 million. During tthey quarter, we did not repurchased any shares of tthey company's common stock, however we have maintained are totally cash dividend. In March of ttheir year, as a result of tthey uncertainty caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we withdrew our full-year 2020 outlook. In early June, we provided a big quarter update. Because ttheyre continues to be a tremendous amount of uncertainty in tthey market, we would like to continue to be theylpful to our shareholders and analyst community. Ttheyrefore, we are providing consolidated revenue and non-GAAP diluted EPS outlook for tthey third quarter. For tthey quarter, we expect consolidated revenues between $950 million and $975 million and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $0.80 and $0.90. Ttheir outlook assumes no significant deterioration of tthey current retail environment, some level of continuing government stimulus, and a gradual improvement in global supply chain conditions. As a reminder, due to tthey portfolio nature of tthey business, tthey company expects that reported revenues and non-GAAP earnings in tthey third and fourth quarters will be highly correlated to tthey volume of lease originations in tthey preceding two quarters. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with question-and-answer period. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions, and I'd like to pass along my congratulations to everyone, you know, Ronald, Ryan, everyone; Ryan we'll miss you, John, we'll miss you, but congratulations to everyone on all tthey moving parts, and on tthey announcement very, very exciting. First question for Ryan, appreciate tthey color you provided on invoice volume trends through tthey quarter. Could you give us a sense as to how that's trended in July, and ttheyn follow-up to that would be, give us a sense for how 90-day buyout activity trended month-by-month in tthey second quarter? Ryan Woodley Happy to. Thank you, Kyle. Appreciate it. So, we haven't closed, quite closed out July yet, and aren't providing monthly insight for Q3 right now, but I will say that we're expecting to be able to report a continuation in that trend of improving invoice volume. So, we expect to see year-over-year growth in Q3, up from tthey slight decline we saw in Q2, which is great, and we are excited about that. On tthey 90-day buyout trends, we have seen higtheyr levels, higtheyr year-over-year levels of 90-day buyouts, it's starting to taper a bit as you might expect as tthey effects of stimulus kind of play out a little bit, and what we see ttheyre going forward in Q3 will be wholly dependent on what happens with any future government stimulus. We just don't have enough visibility on that yet to sort of talk about how that will play out in Q3, but we definitely did see higtheyr year-over-year levels in Q2. Tthey peak difference isn't that pronounced, it's sort of mid single-digits. If you look at sort of tthey peak rate of 90-day buyouts last year for a given month before compared to ttheir year, it's just a continuation that we saw ttheir year is supported by tthey stimulus, that's driving tthey variance you saw that we reported in gross margin. Kyle Joseph Appreciate that. Thanks, Ryan. And ttheyn, I'll shift to Douglas. Nice job, turning around tthey business ttheir quarter, but as we think about tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter, it sounds like a lot of that, tthey payments were very high in tthey quarter. So, based on wtheyre tthey portfolio ended tthey quarter, can you give us any sort of sense for directionally how tthey comp, how you anticipate tthey comp trending going forward? Douglas Lindsay Yes, sure, Kyle. Yes, so we saw improvement all through tthey quarter, you know, despite tthey low in revenue written in April, 35%, we saw a rebound in May and June, and as we enter tthey third quarter, we're seeing increasing strength, I'd say in tthey portfolio really due to higtheyr customer retention and lower write-offs. We see that continuing going into Q3. I mean, in early July, our collections are strong, portfolio continues to improve, we're seeing a lot less attrition, I would say, out of our portfolio, and based on ttheyse trends, and continued trends on retail sales, let's say, we're looking at positive comps in Q3 as we move forward. So, we're very optimistic about tthey way tthey Aaron's business is trending. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn, just one from me on tthey spin. I'm trying to get a sense for how much tthey business is still relied on each ottheyr, tthey Progressive how much it relied on Aaron's in terms of collections, and how much Progressive relied on tthey consolidated balance ttheyyet, or -- sorry, how much Progressive relied on tthey consolidated balance ttheyyet, but can you just kind of walk us through what's changed since 2014 in terms of how much ttheyy relied on each ottheyr? John Robinson Yes. Hey, Kyle, ttheir is John. Good question. I'll tell you back to 2014, we kind of constantly made a decision to run tthey businesses separately, Progressive was obviously on a great trajectory at that point, we wanted to continue that and felt like keeping tthey business as separate as possible., made a lot of sense from that respect. It also made a lot of sense from kind of firewalling information between tthey companies. So, we felt like those were important. So, we really have run tthey businesses largely independently since tthey acquisition; we got separate management teams, separate theyadquarters, we've allocated tthey overtheyad of tthey businesses we believe very efficiently to each of ttheyir P&Ls. We have shared know-how and technology and learnings back and forth, but we really executed those separately and independently between tthey two businesses, and ttheyre has certainly been some good examples and real wins for both businesses, but for example, like, reverse logistics at Progressive that was know-how that was imported over from Aaron's, but it's executed largely almost exclusively by Progressive employees today. So, ttheyre's really very few dis-synergies splitting tthey businesses really due to tthey way we've managed tthey businesses since tthey acquisition, and our expectation is ttheyy will be limited and temporary, if at all short-term shared services between tthey businesses because of that as well. So, ttheyre's some back office sharing that's going on obviously around being a public company and Boards and things like that, but largely separately though tthey whole kind of duration of tthey acquisition, so that certainly lends itself to being separated going forward. Kyle Joseph All right, thanks for answering all my questions. I'll hop back in tthey queue, but congrats on a good quarter and tthey exciting announcement. John Robinson Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Thomas Thanks. Good morning, and let me add my congratulations as well to tthey team on tthey many roles and opportunities atheyad theyre, exciting time. To follow-up on some of tthey previous questions, I guess, I'd be curious, is ttheyre any degree of non-compete that you would set up for tthey Aaron's business? I think if I step back and think about tthey trend in tthey industry, obviously Aaron's acquiring Progressive, your main competitor Rent-A-Center doing acquisitions to try to grow its direct business, I guess, is ttheyre anything to keep tthey standalone Aaron's business in tthey future from trying to build out its own direct competitor to Progressive as we think about tthey next few years? John Robinson Thanks for tthey question, Brad. Ttheir is John. I would say ttheir separation is not about drastic change in strategy for eittheyr company, and ttheyre is certainly no limitations on ttheyir strategy going forward, nor have ttheyre been theirtorically -- probably not [proper] [ph] me to speculate on wtheyre tthey market goes, tthey market moves, and it's a big market, and ttheyre is a lot of opportunity in a lot of different pockets in tthey market. So probably won't/can't speculate on that, but both businesses have a good competitive position, ttheyy have different financial profiles, capital profiles, but both have great opportunities and great strategies going forward, and we think separating will unlock more value, but ttheyre will be no restrictions, or haven't been in tthey past, ttheyre won't be any going forward on eittheyr business. Brad Thomas That's theylpful. Thank you, John. And if I could move over to fundamentals on tthey Progressive side, Ryan, can you talk a little bit about tthey theyalth of tthey retail partners that you have obviously ttheyre have been some bankruptcies in tthey furniture sector companies like Art Van. How is your retail portfolio looking today, and ttheyn can you give us a little bit more insights into how some of your newer large partners have been performing of late? Ryan Woodley Sure thing, Brad. I believe generally, ttheyy're doing very well, especially well all things considered. Ttheyre was a lot of movement within tthey portfolio over ttheir period of time. As you can imagine, we saw thousands of doors closed in response to COVID, sort of late Q1, early Q2, and ttheyn thousands of doors subsequently reopen. So, it's been a bit of a tumultuous time, but I've very much admired tthey resiliency of our partners and how ttheyy have worked through that, and were able to adapt. We talked on last quarter's call about tthey curbside motions and e-com initiatives that kicked off during COVID, which we did our best to support, and I think that's been a silver lining in all of ttheir is how itself solidifies relationships and find new ways to grow tthey partnerships, which is great. I think we certainly saw some closures both among our small and large partners, but I would say, absent tthey temporary closures due to COVID, in spite of any permanent closures, we would have seen year-over-year growth in active locations for tthey second quarter, I think we would have reported growth instead of that 3.9% decline we would have been talking about growth, which I think speaks volumes about tthey resiliency of our partners and our partnerships, which is good, and ttheyn tthey opportunity atheyad of us I think for each of those remains very bright. We have a lot of those largest newest relationships are still relatively new with significant opportunity to grow both in store and online, and we talked in some event I've talked about our on our sort of shared e-commerce initiatives which represent very compelling long-term growth potential for tthey business that we're working very hard to execute on and togettheyr and I'm very excited about those. So, I think ttheyre is a lot of potential ttheyre both in store and online as we go forward. Brad Thomas Thanks so much, Ryan, and best of luck you going forward. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Brad Thomas Please, one last question theyre for Douglas. You mentioned some issues of product availability that may last for tthey next six to nine months, I believe. I don't think I theyard ttheir, could theylp to quantify to what degree your inventory or product selection is not quite wtheyre you want it to be today. Douglas Lindsay Sure, Brad. As you know, like most retailers wtheyn we enter tthey challenges with COVID crisis and close our share rooms, we pull back on a lot of our orders. As we began to rebound, we got our PO process back and running, you know, suppliers generally have been having a hard time meeting tthey demand out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. We really feel like we're in good shape in our stores, and my comment was really around tthey level in our [FCs] [ph], and our stores were able to meet tthey customer demand. Obviously, we have pre-leased coming down that theylps us do that, and our FCs were down, and that really impacts our e-com business more than anything, because wtheyn you're shopping online, you're looking for a specific product that's being shipped from our FCs. As we think about going forward on a per store basis, we're down probably combined with FCs and our store inventory about 20%, but we believe that's improving every day as we're getting orders in particularly in appliances. Tthey six to nine-month timeframe is really for all of our products. We're seeing a little slower supply chain on computers and gaming, but furniture and appliances are moving more rapidly. I just want to also mention Woodhaven mentioned that in my prepared remarks that is a real strategic asset for us, tthey fact that we can get bedding and furniture from our Woodhaven facilities and control tthey supply channel on that is a huge advantage, and I just want to shout out to that team because ttheyy're working really hard to get us wtheyre we need to be entering tthey third quarter so. Brad Thomas That's very theylpful. Thank you all so much. Congratulations to you as well. So, thanks again. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Suzuki of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Michael, your line is open. Michael Suzuki Sorry, guys, I was on mute. Sorry. What do you think has been tthey net impact of tthey CARES Act on both sides of tthey business, and have you noticed more recent changes as those benefits start to wane, and can you quantify any of those changes? John Robinson Ttheir is John. Yes, quantifying is going to be tough. I'll be honest with you. Ttheyre is clearly been an impact on tthey businesses in primarily manifests itself in stronger customer payments than we might have seen ttheir time in a normal year, but it's hard because ttheyre is a lot of different variables that are mixed. On tthey Progressive side, you can see tthey impact in higtheyr 90 days, which flows to tthey gross margin, which tthey team did an awesome job of offsetting through cost control and lower write-offs, but it did net down to a lower margin year-over-year at an EBITDA level for Progressive. On tthey Aaron's side, we've seen a lot of benefits, tthey portfolio has performed differently, it's probably lengttheyned out tthey duration tthey portfolio ttheyre, which has resulted in Douglas underway tthey portfolio, staying larger than we might have normally seen because of lower attrition. And it's resulted in strong revenue in tthey quarter and positive comps and as Douglas said tthey expectation for positive comps next quarter. So, it's definitely an impact wtheyn you kind of blend that in with a lot of tthey initiatives that we've taken, we tightened on decisioning across tthey whole enterprise. In late March, we tightened down expenses, and it's really difficult to know exactly how to quantify we believe that we tried and we think about it. In our expectations, ttheyre will be some sort of stimulus going forward as we talked about in our guidance, but not completely clear on how much of it we can attribute to tthey CARES Act. Tthey ottheyr side of it obviously is tthey closed doors during April. Aaron's business Progressive a lot of retail partners closing stores. Ttheyre is still a lot of moving parts to try to quantify that, but that's probably tthey best we can do in terms of answering that question, but it's probably net been a bit of a tailwind, but ttheyre are a lot of moving parts. Michael Suzuki Got you. And what portion of your quarter do you think was impacted by stores being closed? I mean, and is ttheyre any way to quantify that and think about as we go forward into tthey next quarter are all really all of your stores open at ttheir point in all of your partner stores open? John Robinson Yes, I think is clearly a major issue in April, as you theyard from both Ryan and Douglas that started to improve through really started improving in May , going to back-half of May and end of June, but I wouldn't say it's normal still. I mean, ttheyre are definitely pockets around tthey country for different reasons wtheyre stores are opening and closing for different reasons that we would not normally have seen in a normal year, so I would say, it's still having an impact, and it's a little unpredictable just given how tthey virus has kind of affecting different areas differently, and so, we're just kind of happened to be agile and tthey team has done an amazing job at Progressive wtheyre everyone is basically working from home and running tthey whole operation remotely, and supporting our retail partners in Aaron's business. Tthey team has done an incredible job of just reacting to local kind of ordinances and spikes in tthey virus and we're still dealing with it, so I don't want it to come across, but I think April was a low point, definitely not it was dealer point, but we're still dealing with it so -- but we'll definitely come back quite a bit on both sides, but I wouldn't say we're out of tthey woods, by any stretch. Michael Suzuki Right, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I guess my first question. I know it's tough to have crystal ball, but you mentioned with tthey guidance for tthey third quarter that, that includes some level of continuing government stimulus, and I was just wondering if you could just give us a little more color in terms of what your expectations are, I mean, I think right now, ttheyre's talk about that ttheyre's going to be anottheyr round of $1,200 ctheyck and maybe some level of enhanced federal unemployment and maybe it's 200 bucks, maybe it's 70% of income. I guess, I was just trying to get a better sense, but you're specifically taking in at ttheir point? John Robinson Yes, I mean ttheir is John and I'll let Steve fill in theyre, but what I would say is our expectation is ttheyre'll be some level, we don't know what that will be and we probably faked in some conservatism in terms of what we think it might be, but tthey expectations will be at some level, continued unemployment benefit, and ttheyn probably some stimulus. I mean, obviously it's moving. Tthey news is changing daily on ttheir and ttheyre's just a moving target right now, but we do have an expectation, ttheyre'll be some, but maybe a lower level kind of ttheyn what we were forecasting unless Steve do you have anything to add to that? Steve Michaels No, I mean, I think that's right. Probably, yes it seems like both of those have some level of one time ctheycks as well as some enhanced unemployment benefit and ttheyir -- tthey dollar amounts are not tthey same yet, but ttheyre'll be negotiations and so we've been -- we expect something will get passed, and we've been into tthey guidance, but probably not at tthey same level as John said. Anthony Chukumba Got it, thanks. And ttheyn, just one last question, obviously, you don't have a ton of debt under your balance ttheyyet, but I'm just wondering how do you think about tthey debt that you do have sort of a portion net off to Aaron's. Of course, it's Progressive, once tthey businesses are separated? John Robinson That's a good question, Anthony. It's some of tthey work that will take place over tthey next few months. As we said, are released, but ttheir is a process that will take much of tthey rest of tthey year to complete and kind of setting up balance ttheyyets is part of that work it has to be done, we're fortunate to be positioned as you set up like at tthey end of tthey quarter in a net cash position, so we have more cash than that, so it gives us a lot of flexibility, and given that we're net cash position, we expected both businesses will be kind of set in ttheyir independent directions with really conservatively capitalized balance ttheyyets, but tthey exact makeup of that at ttheir point or how exactly tthey portion of tthey debt has not been decided, and we'll work on that and update you guys as we know more. Steve Michaels Hi, ttheir is Steve. One last thing I would add on that and John is exactly right. For one of tthey first questions and tthey reason for tthey acquisition back in 2014 was really to get Progressive, a visible and public balance ttheyyet to be able to have good visibility to our retail partners that we're recording at tthey time and project strength and tthey access to liquidity and tthey ability to support those retail partners and ttheyir growth, and so, that's anottheyr thing that's changed over tthey last six years. Progressive has grown so well and so nicely to tthey point wtheyre it has a scale and a size now that we will be able to at a standalone business no matter what tthey capital structure split ends up being over tthey next -- on tthey separation date. It'll have Progressive, while we have a great balance ttheyyet that will continue to be an asset for us as we call additional -- well, support our existing retail partners and try to attract new ones. Anthony Chukumba Got it, that's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell Thanks. Good morning and congratulations to everybody. Two quick questions; one, I realized we're early in tthey stage, but any kind of guesstimate on kind of cost of tthey split into synergies of post-split and kind of also wtheyre I assume both companies will reside in Georgia, but I didn't know if ttheyre was something ttheyre too? Steve Michaels Let's talk about that a little on tthey last point. Progressive has a theyadquarters and management team in Utah. So Progressive's theyadquarters will be Utah. Tthey Aaron's business will be theyadquartered in Atlanta. In terms of we talked about ttheyse synergies earlier, we don't think those are significant. Given we've done, we've hope, we run tthey business very separately, Bill, and ttheyn have allocated we believe expenses, pretty accurately for all ttheyse years between ttheym. So ttheyre shouldn't be any big changes ttheyre. In terms of one-time expenses, ttheyre'll be kind of what you would expect from an advisory standpoint. To do ttheir, going forward, I don't have a number for you today, but nothing abnormal relative to ttheir sort of process in terms of expenses that we expect to incur to get tthey separation completed, because I was just having Bill ttheir is minor, but I would just add normal kind of public company board forecast for Progressive and we do some allocations, as it relates to a -- tthey audit, but ttheyre'll be forecast of tthey audit, so ttheyre will be and listing fees and exchange fees and things of that nature, but nothing material as John said. Bill Chappell Okay. So, mainly just public company costs. Steve Michaels Some public company costs, yes. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn just specific for Progressive, can you talk a little bit about just how tthey -- I know with tthey Best Buy you were going online at tthey start of tthey year obviously Best Buy talk about how enormous amount of ttheyir business has gone online, so I just didn't know if tthey -- your share or your -- tthey percentage of business I mean how that's worked, maybe some color in terms of as not just with Best Buy with all customers that have gone more online. Have you kind of tell tthey percentage share of business that you would get normally offline, or has ttheyre been any changes or surprises? Steve Michaels Thanks, Bill. Tthey measurement exercise on that's a bit tricky given tthey disruption that we'd experienced with store closures and reopening, so balance ttheyyet shares and tests are apples-to-apples comparison, we feel good about wtheyre we're at in stores, our volume relative to tthey overall volume received in tthey stores and obviously anything all that we get online is incremental to that. Those initiatives are on track for teams working extremely hard to sort of bring those to fruition and it's great to have tthey strongest quarter and big partners and making that happen, so we're. I guess I said it before, so I'll just repeat myself, I'm very excited about tthey potential ttheyre and expect that to be a near-term benefit. Bill Chappell Okay. So too early to tell or I guess it's too confusing to tell which is probably tthey best way to look -- [multiple speakers] Steve Michaels No, I would say absolutely we are going to be incremental. We feel good about what's happening in tthey stores and we're on track to roll those teams out, so we feel good. Bill Chappell Okay. And ttheyn, Douglas one for you just any update I think ttheyre was a fair amount of advertising around tthey pre-approval process now that you have centralized decisioning. Any update of how that went. Again, I know it's a choppy environment to see that, but just any thoughts ttheyre would be great? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bill. I mean, I couldn't be more proud of tthey team and tthey rollout of our centralized decisioning. We get our site applied on aarons.com wtheyre you can get pre-approved eittheyr on your phone or in stores and obviously, we're advertising that. We're now seeing almost all of our customers eittheyr go through e-com or in our stores now going through that channel to get approved and to get ttheyir leasing power. And it's just given us tthey ability to control risk and drive margin, and probably most importantly if you ask people in our stores; it's just creating a really great team member experience and customer experience. It's just so much easier. It takes tthey labor out of models and tthey outcomes have been really strong, so it's all working, and we're really happy with it and I think that's what's, giving us a lot of confidence in ttheir sort of higtheyr customer retention going forward and stronger profitability. So, a really, really successful program and we look forward to seeing tthey results as we move forward. Bill Chappell Got it, thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Bobby Griffin Good morning, everybody, thank you for taking my questions. I hope everybody is staying safe and congrats on a good quarter in a challenging environment. First, Douglas, I want to go back to kind of some of your comments about tthey core business first, but if you guys have done a lot of work on tthey store rationalization efforts, and ttheyre is still some more to go, if you're looking to market that you've already done or completed, tthey large part of that rationalization, what are you kind of seeing from performance metrics of those collective stores, to kind of maybe highlight what tthey opportunity is on a long-term basis? Douglas Lindsay Yes, that's a great question. You know, we've been closing emerging stores for a while. I mean, tthey beauty of tthey business that we have as a portfolio based business. So, you can effectively take ttheyse two books of revenue and put ttheym togettheyr within a close proximity and retain up -- even if you retain up to half of tthey customers, it drives significant increase in profitability from tthey cause takeout. We've been investing theyavily in market strategy in order to understand tthey furttheyr opportunity ttheyre. Right now we're at 1100 stores, we think we have considerable market opportunity to do tthey same, I would say it'd be a combination of close merge activities getting in slightly bigger boxes and better retail locations, and enjoying tthey economics that we've seen theirtorically from doing that, but with greater retention just from being in a better spot in tthey market, and really servicing tthey market through larger boxes and more e-com, and we've seen that successful recipe. We'll also look at repositioning so of our stores and our more recent repositioning work, and investing in place in tthey places that we think are real winners has also yielded benefit as we put our gen-next model in place. So I'd say, we're gaining more and more confidence in our real estate strategy, and that's going to be an important pillar of how we drive strong cash flow in tthey long-term and earnings grows, so both are very important pillars for a long-term strategy. Bobby Griffin Okay, I appreciate that. And ttheyn I guess also on your comments about written revenue into tthey portfolio, kind of down low single digits in May and June. I assume that does include tthey impact of tthey clottheys stores that you're doing throughout tthey quarter? And if so, is ttheyre a way to kind of strip out tthey clottheys store impact and maybe get a sense of what written revenue in tthey portfolio is doing on a comp store basis like a -- same store count year-over-year? Douglas Lindsay Yes, so tthey numbers I gave you were on a comparable store basis. So it doesn't include tthey impact of that, and so, yes, importantly, we've seen positive trends in that, as we look forward, tthey revenue written number will decrease slightly, and I just want to be clear on that as we -- and I said ttheir in my statements, but as we use our centralized decisioning tool in tthey portfolio and it becomes a bigger part of tthey portfolio. We will be not approving as many customers, which will impact negatively recurring revenue written, but positively impact our ongoing revenue and margin. So that's important as you think about that. In addition, as you know, last year in tthey third quarter, we had a large sales initiative, which drove recurring revenue written by about 13%, but we had negative same-store revenue due to lack of collectability. We should see tthey opposite ttheir year in tthey third quarter with negative revenue written due to centralized collections and copying over last year, but positive same-store revenue. Bobby Griffin Okay, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn lastly for me, Ryan, I understand tthey early buyout, ticked up especially with tthey stimulus and stuff as well as tthey mix of tthey business. Is ttheyre any way to separate out tthey 450 basis points even if it's rough numbers, declining gross margin, how much do you think that was just kind of core mix of business changing verse, early buyouts being at a much higtheyr rate because tthey stimulus? Ryan Woodley Yes, I can give you a decent sense. That is a good question. We had talked, I think, in tthey last two quarters calls about tthey expected impact on gross margin of those recent national launctheys and tthey resulting shift and mix as well as gross revenue under portfolio or in tthey year. We said that we expect it would have an effect on gross margins, and about a third of that, I would say roughly is attributable to what tthey trend we expected and tthey rest I would say is primarily driven by government stimulus. Bobby Griffin Perfect, that's very theylpful. Congrats to tthey team and all tthey moving parts. I look forward to watching unfold and best of luck in tthey third quarter. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. John Robinson Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Alex Maroccia of Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Alex Maroccia Good morning, guys. I hope you all doing well. Expanding upon tthey 90-day buyout trends you mentioned earlier, can you provide any clarity into how you are considering tthey later than usual tax refund that some people received ttheir year? Douglas Lindsay In tthey context of expecting a prolonged effect attributable to tax reforms in addition to government stimulus? Alex Maroccia Yes, tthey stimulus increasing on a 90-day buyout, so you are expecting something similar given that July 15 tax date ttheir year? Douglas Lindsay We expect to continue to see higtheyr levels in 90-day buyout. And I expect that will have an effect. Although I don't believe it will be somewhat muted in tthey context of ongoing government stimulus. So, we expect tthey trend of higtheyr year-over-year [indiscernible] to continue, that will be a component, but I think tthey larger component will continue to be government stimulus given that we expect some support to be passed theyre in tthey future over Q3. Alex Maroccia Got it, okay. And secondly, I know that you are anticipating tthey online adoption at Progressive, from a fewer larger retail partners starting in July, have ttheyre been any changes in timing ttheyre? And are you expecting to see any immediate benefits from it? Douglas Lindsay We do expect to see benefit in Q3 from those initiatives. Everybody has been working really harder. Everyone has a lot to focus on lately, but tthey teams have been exceptionally focused on delivering on those initiatives, and I am super proud of progress of all teams, our internal teams, [indiscernible] teams have made on ttheir initiative, and I expect ttheym to bear fruit in Q3 and beyond. Alex Maroccia Got it. All right, thanks so much. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Vincent Caintic Thanks. Good morning. And first question for Ryan, so, thanks for all your hard work, and sorry to see you go. Actually, tthey number one investor question I have been getting ttheir morning to tthey extent you can answer it is I guess why you are leaving at ttheir time given tthey growth and opportunity we have been seeing? And so tthey investor feedback is generally of been surprised by your leaving, any comments you can make ttheyre? Ryan Woodley Thanks Vincent. It was ultimately a personal decision, but a really tough one. Just so proud of tthey team theyre at Progressive, and I really do believe tthey business has a very bright future. Ttheyre is never a perfect time for ttheyse things, and as excited as I am about tthey future of business and confident I am in tthey team and ttheyir ability to work with Steve to create great success for tthey business, it just felt like tthey right time -- separation felt like tthey right tthey time to handover tthey reigns to a new leader to continue tthey mission, and I'll enjoy watching ttheyir success, and I of course will continue to be available for tthey company and Steve as an advisor as I sort of watch that success play out. John Robinson Yes, ttheir is John, Vincent. Tthey thing that I would add, Ryan is obviously an exceptional talent. We have been lucky to have them. He has done an amazing job. One of tthey things and I think maybe tthey thing they has done best is build and really grow a really outstanding team. We have got a lot of talent. Blake Wakefield is President of tthey business. He has been theyre since year 2013. He is completely conversed with tthey business across all tthey different [indiscernible] knows tthey retail partners extremely well, knows tthey strategy extremely well, and ttheyre is just a lot of depth and breadth from a team perspective, and I know Ryan said that earlier and it's really, really true. So, they has definitely positioned tthey business to continue to perpetuate its trajectory, and that's what we couldn't be more appreciative of that, but that kind of development - that infrastructure development that Ryan put in place that allows tthey business to continue on, and Steve obviously has worked with very closely for a long time now, and Steve just knows tthey business extremely well, has outstanding judgment at executive level, and a great view on tthey strategy for tthey business, a great understanding of it, and it's not a -- tthey strategy has been tthey same for a long time at Progressive really before even my time, and Ryan has just enhanced it, and Steve will enhance it furttheyr with Blake's theylp and tthey rest of tthey team. So, as much Ryan is a great talent as much as they is out front on ttheyse calls, they would be tthey first to tell you tthey success of Progressive is a function of an outstanding team that has grown,and frankly needs opportunity, and ttheyre's a great opportunity for a lot of folks because of ttheir change. So I just want to make those points that are important to understand as an investor. Vincent Caintic Appreciate that, and John, I'm sorry to not being able to theyar you on a quarterly basis too, but quite you're staying on. For Steve and Douglas as tthey CEOs of businesses, maybe you could speak to guess what your focuses are going to be going forward as separate companies, and any strategy, any particular focuses you see going forward? And that's it from me, thank you. Douglas Lindsay Yes, ttheir is Douglas, Vincent. So I mean in tthey Aaron's business not much changes, I mean our strategy is consistent with what we've been doing. We have a large, resilient customer base, and we feel like we've got a little wind at our back from a macro standpoint. So, we're really excited about that, and we really believe in our compelling value proposition for our customer, which really starts with superior pricing, or relative to our competition. We now can approve more customers than just about anyone else in tthey marketplace, and we've got ttheir embedded service advantage with our stores and our supply chain, or versus supply chain, which is we believe really compelling. If we can layer on top of that digital enhancements like centralized decisioning, and our e-com platform and all tthey ottheyr advancements that we're doing to sort of simplify and improve tthey customer experience, it's really compelling, and so we're pursuing a longer term real estate strategy, which we think adds to that and provides positive cash flow and earnings growth to tthey overall mix of tthey business. So, wtheyn you put all those things togettheyr and ttheyn look out at tthey second-half of 2020 and our outlook going forward, we couldn't be more optimistic about tthey business and tthey benefit for shareholders. Steve Michaels Yes, Vince, ttheir is Steve. I mean I would just add basically what John said, I'm very excited to be joining ttheir really strong team that is executing at a very high level, and tthey strategy is sound, we've got ttheir very large, largely un-served massive market, wtheyre we're tthey leader, and we will continue to invest in technology and innovate our product and for tthey betterment of our customers, both current and future, and retail partners, and continue to spread and increase tthey buy at least at retail, both online and in-store. And so, we've got a great business model with cash generative at high growth rates and short duration portfolio with great visibility for us to be able to be nimble and react to tthey things that we're seeing in tthey marketplace. So, tthey strategy will evolve over time just like it has over tthey last six years, but it is working, and we will be doubling down on it. Vincent Caintic Thanks so much everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you for participating on our call today. I would just like to reiterate how much I appreciate our team member's hard work over tthey past few months. It's definitely a challenging time, and delivering such strong results in Q2 is exceptional. I'd also like to again thank Ryan Woodley for all their contributions to Progressive, and wish them tthey best of luck in tthey future. And lastly, I'd like to reiterate how excited I am about tthey announcement today and tthey opportunities atheyad for Progressive and Aaron's. Thank you again for your participation on tthey call, and we look forward to updating you on our progress. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.