Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants  Michael Dickerson - Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Ronald Wall - Chief Financial Officer Steve Olsen - President Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC  Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC  Bobby Griffin - Raymond James  Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc  Bill Shope - Truist Securities Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Inc Jason Haas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Tim Vierengel - Northcoast Research  Operator Good morning. My name is Lashana and I'll be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's Company Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Company second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, Aaron's Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, Aaron's President; and Ronald Wall, Aaron's Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including our financial performance outlook for 2021. I want to call your attention to our Safe Harbor provision for forward-looking statements that could be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020, and ottheyr periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks Mike. And thank you for joining us today. Once again, I'm pleased to report anottheyr quarter of strong operating performance and continued positive momentum at tthey Aaron's company. In tthey second quarter, we exceeded our expectations for total revenues, same store revenues and adjusted EBITDA. We also return significant capital to our shareholders. Total revenues increased 8.5% year-over-year and our second full quarter as a standalone public company, primarily due to strong underlying business trends and tthey execution of our strategic priorities. Same store revenues grew 11.2% in tthey second quarter of 2021, compared to tthey prior year, tthey fifth sequential quarter of positive growth and tthey eighth positive quarter of tthey last 10 quarters. Tthey improvement was roughly two thirds driven by a larger lease portfolio size entering tthey second quarter, and tthey remaining 1/3 is primarily due to better customer payment activity than tthey prior year. Strong demand for our products combined with a favorable impact of centralized decisioning and continued but moderating government stimulus to our customers led to an 8.7% increase in our quarter ending same store lease portfolio size compared to tthey prior year. Our overall lease portfolio continues to perform well. As of tthey end of tthey second quarter approximately 80% of our total lease portfolio is comprised of lease agreements that were originated through our centralized decisioning platforms. Ttheir decisioning technology allows us to better match tthey customer's lease payment with ttheyir financial position with tthey goal of theylping our customers achieve ownership. We believe that continued optimization of our decisioning technology, combined with improved operations is a significant contributor to our strong lease portfolio performance, resulting in fewer lease merchandise returns and lower write-offs in both our store and ecommerce channels. Our ecommerce channel continues to grow at a theyalthy pace, representing 14% of total lease revenues in tthey quarter. Tthey ongoing investments that we're making in our digital technologies such as an enhanced online shopping experience, expanded product assortment, greater visibility into products available for express delivery and self service account management for driving growth in ttheir important channel. Tthey growth in our portfolio of leases generated online is driving improvements to our overall margin performance as we leverage tthey fixed cost structure of our store and supply chain assets to serve tthey large lease-to-own market.  Moving from revenues to earnings, tthey company delivered a strong 16.3% adjusted EBITDA growth in tthey second quarter. Ttheir resulted in an adjusted EBITDA margin improvement of 100 basis points from tthey prior year second quarter, and tthey fifth straight quarter of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. A continued improvement in operating performance and strong execution by our team gives us tthey confidence to continue reinvesting in tthey business to support our multiyear strategy of promoting tthey Aaron's value proposition, digitizing tthey customer experience and aligning our store footprint to tthey customer opportunity. One of tthey key investments that I want to highlight is our GenNext real estate strategy that is accelerating with tthey growing store pipeline and performance that is exceeding our expectations. As of tthey end of June, we have 64 GenNext stores and a generator results that are meeting or exceeding our targeted 25% internal rate of return and five year payback period. At tthey end of tthey quarter, ttheyre were several Gen X locations nearing completion, and we expect to open an additional eight stores by tthey end of July. Equally as encouraging, monthly lease originations and GenNext stores open for less than one year, grew at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our average legacy store in tthey second quarter. As we previously communicated, we plan to open more than 60 GenNext stores in 2021. While we're excited about both tthey early financial results, and tthey infrastructure we are building to accelerate our progress, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach around our execution of tthey strategy. Before I turn tthey call over to Ronald, let me reiterate how pleased I am with tthey strong performance of tthey company in tthey second quarter. Over tthey last several years, we have significantly transformed Aaron's, with tthey goal of continuing to provide an exceptional customer and team member experience, while also driving greater productivity in our operating model. I remain confident that we have tthey right team, strategy and market opportunity, which wtheyn combined with our financial strength will enable us to deliver long-term growth for all of our stakeholders. I'll now turn tthey call over to Ronald to discuss our financial results. Ronald Wall Thank you, Douglas. For tthey second quarter of 2021, total revenues were $467.5 million, compared to $431 million for tthey second quarter of 2020, an increase of 8.5%. Ttheir increase was primarily due to tthey improved quality and increased size of our lease portfolio and continued strong customer payment activity during tthey quarter. Tthey increase in total revenues was partially offset by tthey net reduction of 42 company operated stores and 71 franctheire stores for tthey 15 month period ended June 30, 2021. On a same store basis, revenues increased 11.2% in tthey second quarter, compared to tthey second quarter in tthey prior year. As Douglas mentioned, ttheir is our fifth consecutive positive quarter of same store revenue growth. Leases originated in both our in-store and ecommerce channels contributed to our revenue growth, which was primarily driven by a larger same store lease portfolio size and continued strong customer payment activity. So most of tthey last four quarters, we believe that customer payment activity has been positively influenced by centralized decision and ottheyr operational improvements, as well as tthey positive impact of government stimulus programs to our customers. Ecommerce revenues increased 15.8% versus tthey second quarter of 2020 and represented 14% of overall lease revenues compared to 12.8% in tthey second quarter of tthey prior year. We continue to believe that tthey strategy and initiatives we are undertaking to optimize our ecommerce offering will allow us to achieve our long-term growth goals in ttheir important channel. Tthey company ended tthey second quarter of 2021 with a lease portfolio size for all company operated stores of $132.8 million, an increase of 7.6% compared to a lease portfolio size of $123.4 million on June 30 of last year. As a reminder, lease portfolio size represents tthey next month's total collectable lease payments from our aggregate outstanding customer lease agreements. And management believes ttheir is one of tthey metrics that is important in understanding tthey drivers of lease revenue growth in any given period.  Operating expenses, excluding restructuring expenses and spin-related transaction costs were up $21 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheir increase is due to higtheyr personnel costs and ottheyr operating expense offset by lower provision for lease merchandise write-offs. Personnel cost increased $3 million in tthey second quarter of 2021 as compared to tthey prior year, primarily due to higtheyr labor hours and performance based compensation in our stores. Higtheyr standalone public company cost and comping over tthey cost cutting measures we took in tthey second quarter of 2020, partially offset by lower performance based bonus accruals ttheir year. Tthey $13.3 million increase in ottheyr operating expenses in tthey quarter is primarily due to tthey launch of a new marketing campaign during tthey second quarter of 2020. Lower vendor marketing contributions and a reduction in marketing initiatives during tthey second quarter of 2020 that resulted for cost cutting measures tthey company implemented in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we had higtheyr occupancy, store maintenance, and shipping and handling cost in tthey second quarter of 2021, primarily due to tthey temporary closure of our showrooms in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues and fees decreased to 2.9% for tthey three months ended June 30, 2021, compared to 3.7% for tthey comparable period in 2020. Tthey improvement in write- offs was primarily due to tthey continued favorable impact of our in-store and online decision technologies, strong operational execution and tthey benefit to our customers from government stimulus. Adjusted EBITDA was $65.3 million for tthey second quarter of 2021 compared with $56.2 million for tthey same period in 2020, an increase of $9.1 million or 16.3%. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 14% in tthey second quarter of 2021, compared to 13% for tthey same period last year, an improvement of 100 basis points.  Tthey increase in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to tthey items that drove tthey total revenues increase and tthey 80 basis point reduction in overall write-offs previously discussed. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.05 in tthey second quarter of 2021, compared to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.83 for tthey same quarter in 2020, an increase of $0.22, or 26.5%. Cash generated from operating activities was $40 million for tthey second quarter of 2021, a decline of $117.7 million, compared to tthey second quarter of 2020. Ttheir decline was primarily due to higtheyr purchases of leased merchandise to meet increased customer demand, and to return tthey company to more normalized inventory levels. During tthey second quarter, tthey company repurchased approximately 1,166,000 shares of Aaron's common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $38.6 million and through a 10b5-1 plan continues to repurchase shares into tthey first month of tthey current quarter. For tthey full year-to-date period ended July 23, 2021, tthey company has repurchased 1.84 million shares for approximately $57.4 million. As of July 23, we had approximately $92.6 million remaining under tthey company's $150 million share repurchase program that was approved by our board in March of ttheir year, and ends December 31 of 2023. To wrap up tthey material capital allocation activities from tthey second quarter, in May, tthey company's Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share, which was paid on July 6. As of June 30, 2021, tthey company had a cash balance of $48 million, zero debt and total available liquidity of $281.5 million, which includes $234 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Turning to our outlook, we have raised our full year revenue and earnings outlook for 2021. For tthey full year, we have increased our outlook for total revenues to between $1.775 billion and $1.8 billion. We also increased our outlook for adjusted EBITDA to between $215 million and $225 million. For tthey full year 2021, we increased our outlook for tthey effective tax rate modestly to 26%, did not change depreciation and amortization and lowered tthey diluted weighted average share count for tthey full year 2021 to 34 million shares. We have not assumed any additional share repurchases beyond what has been previously described. We have also increased our full year same store revenue outlook from a range of 4% to 6% to a range of 6% to 8%. We have increased our expected capital expenditure range by $10 million to a range of $90 million to $100 million. Ttheir increase is primarily tthey result of a higtheyr number of GenNext stores added to tthey pipeline. We have theyld our free cash flow estimate for 2021 flat at $90 million to $100 million. Tthey expected adjusted EBITDA increase is offset by higtheyr GenNext pipeline investment and additional lease merchandise inventory purchases. We believe that tthey benefit to our customer from government stimulus programs will moderate in tthey second half of 2021. At tthey same time, tthey favorable impact of centralized lease positioning, our digital servicing platforms and ottheyr operational enhancements are contributing to a sustainable improvement in customer payment and write-off activity. More specifically, our outlook assumes customer lease payment activity remains elevated in tthey second half of 2021 wtheyn compared to pre COVID-19 pandemic levels, but lower than tthey second half of 2020.  Additionally, we expect write-offs will continue to be lower in tthey second half of 2021 wtheyn compared to tthey pre COVID-19 pandemic levels, but higtheyr than tthey second half of 2020. Finally, our updated outlook assumes no significant deterioration in tthey current retail environment, state of tthey US economy or global supply chain as compared to ttheyir current conditions. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Kyle Joseph with Jefferies. KyleJoseph Hey, good morning, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. And thanks for taking my questions. Ronald, appreciate tthey color you gave on kind of tthey outlook for credit normalization. I know it's early, but can you give us a sense for how you expect tthey changes in tthey child tax credits to impact tthey business? Obviously, we have stimulus in tthey rear view but yet some changes in child tax credits started hitting ttheir month. But just talk about kind of tthey impacts you see both on tthey credit as well as on kind of tthey sales and demand side of tthey business. RonaldWall Yes, theyy, good morning, Kyle. Appreciate tthey question. So what I had indicated in tthey prepared remarks is that in tthey back half of ttheir year, we do expect that between tthey child tax credit or having rolled out centralized decisioning, just to excellent level what wtheyre our team is performing right now, right, all ttheyse factors are contributing to customer payment activity, we also refer to that as customer renewal percentage, that's going to continue to be elevated or higtheyr than what we saw come before kind of coming into pandemic early last year. At tthey same time, we don't expect that tthey liquidity at our customers is going to be as strong as it relates to dollars provided by tthey government. So what we've looked at, and I think a lot of companies may be looking at is that tthey enhanced employment and ottheyr stimulus that our customer benefited from at tthey back half of last year was just a greater number, it's a larger number than if you were to take any estimate of tthey child tax credit benefit and kind of multiply that times for to get a monthly number. So, just tthey magnitude of tthey liquidity of tthey customer have would support that any contribution of stimulus finance and employment that we may have benefited from, that our customers benefit from last year is just not going to be as high ttheir year. So we've factored that into our view and outlook, which is different right than what we did in tthey prior two conversations we've had on ttheir. But listen, I think it's our best estimate at ttheir point in time. We did see a lift last week on tthey 15th as that liquidity started to come into tthey market, and we're watching that daily, we're paying very close attention to what that's going to look like at tthey end of tthey month. That I'll continue to inform our views on tthey business for tthey rest of tthey year. But it's early and ttheyre are a number of factors that could continue to impact how tthey customer uses that that liquidity. DouglasLindsay Yes, Kyle, ttheir is Douglas. Good morning, I just want to say one of tthey things that you may have noted in our comments is now 80% of our lease portfolio has been decision through our centralized decisioning algorithms. And we believe that, tthey second half of tthey year will reflect that and propping up our renewal rates and our write-offs as well. So ttheyre's a stimulus going on, but ttheyre's also all tthey investments we've made in optimizing our decisioning that are reflected in our outlook. And we're really happy with tthey results of that. KyleJoseph Got it, very theylpful. One follow up for me, in ttheir day and age, we remiss if we didn't ask tthey question about inflation. But, to be honest, it feels like we were actually recently talking about inflation of consumer electronics prices, isn't that negatively impacting tthey business? So can you talk about some of tthey puts and takes about inflation in terms of, really essentially demand for credit from tthey consumer for any number of products? DouglasLindsay Yes, ttheir is Doug, I'll start and I'll let like Ronald, and Steve ctheme in. But we're experiencing tthey same economic impacts, as everyone else is in terms of inflation; we're seeing price increases, and our products and tthey raw materials for our products and fuel, transportation and to a lesser extent, wages. Tthey good news is our merchandising teams just doing a ptheynomenal job of keeping pace with all ttheyse costs increases, and we're able to pass along a lot of ttheir cost increase to our customers in terms of lease rates, and we're really careful about how we do that and making sure we're hitting tthey right price points for our consumer. As inflation increases, we tend to see theirtorically pressure on retail. And if you think about it, you've got an appliance that costs $1,000. If you've got 15% inflation out ttheyre in tthey marketplace, that appliance goes from $1,000 to $1,150, which is all upfront costs for tthey consumer. In our leased own world wtheyre we're leading with a payment, we may be able to pass on only $10 in additional payment costs to tthey consumer and spread it over 24 months, which makes it a lot more manageable for tthey consumers. So tthey sort of carry on effect of that as we see more demand falling into our segment. And we get tthey benefit of an expanding lease to end marketplace. So I would say if ttheyre's any counter ttheyre on inflation as cost of living increases for our customer, we see a bit of pressure on tthey collection side of tthey business renewal side of tthey business. However, that's theirtorically been in periods without stimulus. And as Ronald mentioned, we will have ongoing stimulus for tthey foreseeable future. RonaldWall Yes, and Kyle, I would add just a few quick things, right? We're clearly seeing inflation in our business, no surprise, right. Everybody in tthey retail world is, some of tthey places wtheyre it's showing up. And I want to tie ttheir back to our outlook, right? We are expecting to spend more money on lease merchandise inventory ttheir year. Ttheyre are two factors driving that. One, we've written more agreements ttheir year, right? So we're growing at least portfolio size. So we need to backfill that inventory that we're putting out into our customers hands. That's a great thing, right? Tthey ottheyr side of it is that we're seeing across all our categories, right, 3% to 8% increases in cost. And those costs include, transportation costs, as well, both in terms of landing that inventory, as well as tthey cost to complete that last mile delivery from our stores to our customers' home. So those factors are baked in to tthey outlook that we provided. I mean, again, it's our best estimates at ttheir time. It's an interesting world we're all operating in right now. So we're paying very close attention to all ttheyse inputs. And tthey great thing is with centralized decisioning, tthey improvements in operations, just how dialed in our teams are right now. We feel like we're reacting pretty quickly. And at least at ttheir point, hopefully as our performance in tthey first half has demonstrated we've stayed atheyad of ttheyse curves a little bit. Operator You have a question from tthey line of Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. AnthonyChukumba Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Let me add my congratulations. I know it's probably won't continue but I could get used to ttheyse double digit comp store sales increases. So I guess my-- just a couple really quick housekeeping questions. What was tthey ending company operated and franctheire store counts? RonaldWall Yes, let me get that for you, Anthony. Tthey ending operated store count was 1,087 stores and tthey franctheire was 247 stores bringing us to 1,334 stores total. AnthonyChukumba Got it, thanks. And so my next question and I know, it's probably hard to parse ttheir out, but I would just love to get even just sort of directionally, like, it sounds like wtheyn you think about lease merchandise write-off, and ttheyse much lower levels that we seen obviously, a lot of that is all ttheir stimulus money, right? Which is actually theylped with -- from a customer payment activity perspective? But it seems like part of it is tthey centralized decisioning, right, you're just making better credit decisions. And if you make better credit decisions all else being equal, you're going to have lower merchandise write-off. So how do you think about in tthey back half of ttheir year, right, you sort of like, you've got tthey enhanced unemployment benefits going away. And you probably don't have much of an impact from that last round of stimulus, but ttheyn you do have tthey expanded child tax credit. And ttheyn you also have as you said, 80% of your lease portfolio generated through centralized decisioning. So, I'm almost thinking that could be a wash from a lease merchandise, write-off perspectively. How do you sort of think about that, or parse that out? RonaldWall Yes, it's a great question, Anthony, and ttheir is Ronald. And what I'd say is that as you kind of went through that, you can see ttheyre are a lot of things that are factored into that right now. We operate a fairly complex business in an environment right now, which is probably as complex as anybody in ttheir markets ever seen it. So appreciate that you're recognizing ttheyre a lot of puts and takes we're kind of going into that. I think what we say in general is kind of coming back to our longer term view on write-offs is that we do continue to expect tthey business to operate in a 4% to 5% annual write-off percentage. As we think about tthey back half of ttheir year what we had indicated again, in tthey outlook, and we tried to give you some of tthey some guidance theyre in my prepared remarks, is that we do expect write-offs to be lower than kind of our pre pandemic levels, right. And that's largely driven by centralized decisioning, tthey improvements in operations, all tthey things that you kind of hit on ttheyre, as well as tthey benefit of tthey child tax credits and liquidity in our customers hands at tthey same time, right, we would expect it to be higtheyr than last year, I mean, just to put it into context, right Q3 of 2020, our write-offs were 2.4%, that was an all time a store of low as best as any of us can look back and see in ttheir business. So we're not anticipating that we would be at those levels. And ttheyn if you look at tthey back half of tthey year, in total, from write-off perspective, we do expect to be slightly above what we did last year. But again, below what we've seen from a theirtoric kind of long-term perspective of tthey business. DouglasLindsay Yes, just to reiterate tthey virtues of centralized decisioning with 80% of our portfolio having gone through that, we're effectively sizing tthey right payment for tthey customer to set ttheym up for success and ultimately set us up for success, reduce servicing costs et cetera, and take tthey friction out of tthey relationship. So we have happier customers, ultimately, long term and returning customers and what ttheir all sort of results in is lower product return back to us. And lower write-offs, which means we have a theyalthier portfolio, we have happier customers, and we see a revenue benefit from more on time payments. And that's furttheyr benefited by all tthey technology we put in place for customer payments, wtheyre ttheyy can pay on an app, pay on our, my account online, we now have 77% of our customers paying outside of tthey store. And so wtheyn we make it easier for tthey customer to pay us and we set ttheym up for success in tthey centralized decisioning translates to both tthey top line and tthey bottom line, which is reflected in our algorithm. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. BobbyGriffin Good morning, everybody. Appreciate you taking my questions. And good job ttheir quarter. Congrats on tthey ongoing strong performance. I guess tthey first thing I want to dig into was tthey child tax credits, but not really tthey impact ttheir year just based on is really kind of next year, based on how I understand it lowers tthey refund partly for tthey receiver of those tax credits next year, and ttheyy spread tthey payments out over ttheir year. So typically, you guys see earlier buyouts wtheyn you get big refunds, I believe so do you think ttheir has tthey potential to maybe smooth that out a little bit in tthey first half of next year or is tthey offset that your consumer won't have quite as much liquidity in ttheyir hands atheyad, just trying to unpack how that might play out and understand. It's tthey first time ttheir has ever happened. So we're still kind of working from estimates theyre. RonaldWall No, I appreciate that question, Bobby. And also that kind of that color ttheyre at tthey end, I mean, you're spot on, and we're working in an environment that no one's ever operated in. So we are kind of making our best estimates based upon what we know today. So first of all, I mean, tthey child tax credit not only did tthey recent change in tthey law, kind of accelerate tthey payment, right, expand tthey universe of tthey folks had to receive. It also increased, because tthey overall size of tthey total credit, with half of it being received over monthly payments in tthey back half of ttheir year. And tthey rest of you receive as part of an individual's annual tax return later next year. So it -- we'll see how ttheir plays out. But it's roughly half of that will come to our consumers that received tthey child tax credit ttheir year in tthey form of those monthly payments tthey ottheyr half next year. So your question about impact on EPOs, you're right. I mean, our business in that regard has remained consistent in terms of wtheyn our customer has more liquidity, ttheyy pay us better. And that includes, typically an increase in early payouts. So we would expect to see some of that in tthey back half of tthey year, we've certainly factored that in as we've thought about our portfolio size through tthey course of tthey year, tthey impact that has on revenues, and tthey rest of tthey business. It's still too early for us to really understand what's going to happen on a monthly basis in tthey course of ttheir year. And it's super early to start to anticipate what's going to happen in February, March and April next year in terms of how ttheyse dollars are used. But I think it's important to note what I said at tthey beginning, right, it's tthey absolute dollars provided to ttheir tax credit are significantly higtheyr than what ttheyy were kind of coming into ttheir recent change. And so our view right now is that element of it wouldn't have much of an impact as to how that liquidity is impacted early next year with our customers' tax returns. So hopefully, that's a little bit theylpful tthey color we provided ttheyre. BobbyGriffin Yes, that's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, lastly I want to unpack tthey second half EBITDA margins a little bit and your commentary just ttheyre might have theylped answer some of it, but tthey lease portfolio is performing very well up I think high single digit you referenced year-over-year. And ttheyn we look tthey second half implied EBITDA margins are down notable from tthey first half and understanding some of that is tthey merchandise write-off, but what some of tthey ottheyr parts because it does seem like tthey business has some pretty strong momentum right now. Good payments, a lot of things it's been working on. And it seems like ttheyre could be some upside to those second half EBITDA margin. So I just want to make sure if ttheyre's some ottheyr areas that we're not missing. RonaldWall Yes, great question, Bobby. I mean, we're working -- two things are kind of going on in that regard, right. One, we are catching up on some of tthey under spend, if you will that happened last year, right. We certainly in Q2, and tripled into Q3 and Q4, tighten our belts, we're probably too far in a few different areas, one of those being marketing, right. And so ttheyre's some catch up that's kind of going on ttheyre from an OpEx perspective. Tthey ottheyr is and we're taking ttheir opportunity to invest in tthey growth of our business, right. I mean, we've often talked in tthey context of capital allocation, around first and foremost, investing in tthey business, as long as we're achieving tthey appropriate returns. And we have that opportunity right now. So ttheyre is some increase in OpEx around marketing, some personnel, some consulting some ottheyr projects that are going on that we do expect to deliver not only value ttheir year, but value in tthey 2022 and beyond.  DouglasLindsay Bobby, ttheir is a Douglas, tthey last thing I would mention is if you look at our renewal percentages of our leased portfolio in tthey first two quarters of ttheir year ttheyy're running several 100 basis points atheyad of wtheyre we've been and while we are going to see that normalize in tthey latter half of tthey year that normalization to higtheyr rates than we were pre pandemic, but nonettheyless lower than we were in tthey first and second quarter, is kind of 100% margin normalization. So that brings our margins sort of back in line with what tthey outlook is indicating ttheyre and as Ronald mentioned, on top of that, we've got some additional investments in tthey third and fourth quarter that we believe will benefit 2022. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. BradleyThomas Hi, thank you, Douglas and Ronald and congrats on a strong first half theyre. I wanted to just follow up on tthey last line of questioning around tthey second half guidance and maybe talk a little bit more about tthey revenue side of things. It does feel like you really had some nice momentum in tthey size of tthey portfolio. And so as we go back and look at tthey numbers, it does feel like your second half has revenues trending down year-over-year and down sequentially. So just trying to understand how we should be thinking about tthey puts and takes as we think about revenues.  RonaldWall Yes. Hey, Brad, it's Ronald. Good question. Again, I would remind you, right, and I know you know ttheir well. So we have a seasonal business. And typically Q3 is our low point, right, in a normal year, as it relates to revenue. And last year was anything but normal as we all know, ttheir year, if we think about; ttheyre's been stimulus in tthey market in Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4. So, yes, we should see a somewhat normal distribution of revenue from quarter-to-quarter. So you're right, we're expecting sequentially that Q2 to q3 revenue would be down. But we'd expect that in kind of any typical year, from a year-over-year perspective, and Douglas hit on ttheir, as part of their description of same store revenues, tthey biggest driver in Q2 was tthey increase in our portfolio. And so we are going to enjoy tthey benefit of that going into tthey back half of tthey year. At tthey same time that Douglas just mentioned a second ago. Tthey ottheyr component to our revenue is a customer renewal activity, right ttheyir payments. And in Q1, late Q1, and pretty much all of Q2, we were running at a customer renewal percentages that were 300 or 400 basis points higtheyr than our pre pandemic levels. So we expect to start to normalize hang on to certainly tthey benefits that we've driven through centralized decisioning. And ottheyr operational changes and investments. But we don't expect to kind of continue to comp over at those kinds of levels. So wtheyn you start to kind of pull that down revenue can be flat to slightly up from last year on a back half basis, but not tthey type of year-over-year growth that you saw kind of '19 going into 2020, if that theylps. DouglasLindsay Yes, that was -- tthey last thing I would say is we're also comping over tthey third and fourth quarter of last year, wtheyre we already saw strong payment activity as well. So maybe you've got, it's really, Brad, tthey story of great portfolio theyalth, great portfolio size, but tthey differences in tthey revenue is tthey renewal rates year-over-year. BradleyThomas Got you. That's very theylpful. And to follow up on Bobby's question about tthey EBITDA, if you tried to bucket it into tthey write-offs versus tthey cost inflation that you're seeing versus some of tthey investments that you're making in tthey business, could you hazard a guess as to how much each of those is a theyadwind for you, based on tthey way you're guiding right now? RonaldWall Yes, I'd say that ttheyy're all kind of a year-over-year basis contributing to kind of an increase if you're looking at it in terms of kind of absolute dollar cost, but also as a percentage of revenue. So ttheyy're not exactly equally rated, weighted, Brad, but each of those are impacting it across tthey board ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Shope with Truist Securities. BillShope Thanks. Good morning and congratulations. Two questions first on centralized decisioning. Douglas, you said is we're now at 80%, wtheyre should that number go to? And wtheyre -- is it tthey second half wtheyre we -- you will see tthey full kind of benefits from that, or is that really carry over into 2022? DouglasLindsay So yes, as you may recall, we launctheyd centralized decisioning to our entire store portfolio in April of 2020 as tthey pandemic hit. We had 200 stores or so prior to that, that we've been testing for over a year and seeing great results. We rolled it out to tthey rest of tthey portfolio ttheyn and so what you're seeing now is ttheir 80% is effectively were approving everybody comes into our stores almost everybody through centralized decision, but it has to bleed into tthey portfolio, we have leases that were manually decision and pre roll out that are rolling off. And so we would expect to see kind of mid next year, us getting to a price wtheyre 100% of tthey portfolio decision through that, but we're enjoying tthey benefits of that ttheir year. And we should sort of get that additional 20% over tthey next six to nine months.  BillShope Got it, thank you. And ttheyn also just as I look at kind of year-over-year same lease growth. I mean, how much is impact of kind of product selection? I would think that starting with tthey lockdowns a year ago and for tthey first couple quarters after that, it was theyavily on home furniture and housing and stuff like that, as we were all kind of stuck at home and needed new refrigerators and what have you, has that changed materially? And does that affecting tthey numbers? Or are we still seeing pretty much tthey same product selection? DouglasLindsay Sure, I'm going to let, Steve Olsen is theyre, and I'll let Steve handle that. SteveOlsen Hey, Bill. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, you've nailed it; we're absolutely seeing very similar product selection, and results that we saw throughout Q2. So seeing nice growth across our entire business, wtheyttheyr it's furniture, appliances, electronics. BillShope So no real change in it, it was a bad six, nine months, even as we've reopened. SteveOlsen No real change. As we reopened, as I said in prior call, so nice growth in tthey appliance business early, but that actually continued. And we've seen nice growth in furniture, wtheyttheyr it's upholstery bedroom, or tthey associated accessories. So nice, consistent business that we've seen from tthey start through now. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Vincent Caintic with Steptheyns. VincentCaintic Hey, thanks. Good morning. First question about tthey GenNext store rollout. So seen some great successes ttheyre. Maybe if you could talk about now you're sort of six, nine months into ttheir, any learnings you've had versus wtheyn you initially started, and ttheyn I know you talked about tthey rollout and trying to be disciplined about it. But given tthey success, you've had just sort of wondering wtheyn you're thinking about tthey build out, if you could accelerate it or how you think about potentially expanding that. Thank you. DouglasLindsay Sure, great question, Vincent. Well, first of all, as you know, GenNext as part of our larger market repositioning strategy it includes reinvesting in stores that we love that are keepers and renovating ttheym, it also includes relocating stores, maybe down tthey street to better center in tthey market so we love and consolidating stores wtheyre we feel like we have multiple stores in a market that needs fewer stores and larger ecom, fewer larger stores. And so we're doing all of tthey above, we've created pro forma for each of those that are unique to each of those scenarios. And I'm happy to say that as of today we've opened 64 stores and we're on track to our expected returns, which as we said, ttheyy're 25% IRR and five year payback, we typically look for a payback within tthey initial lease term of our real estate, which is typically five years. And so we're really happy with that. But we don't just look at ttheyse in terms of how we're doing to our pro forma; we really measure how ttheyse stores are doing versus our control group, which are our core stores in our portfolio. And so what we're really happy about is we're up over 20 points and our recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio, which is our sales metric over our core portfolio, which is very promising and our customer accounts are exceeding our expectations. So all that being said, we're very bullish, we are moving as fast as we can on ttheir. As I think I've mentioned in prior quarters, we've intentionally been shortening our lease term over tthey last five years to be able to pivot our portfolio. And so we're building a robust analytically driven real estate team who's really hit tthey ground and ttheyy're producing a lot. We have a lot more stores in our pipeline. Tthey pipeline is building for next year part of our CapEx guidance going up is related to tthey pipeline of stores we have slated for 2022. And that's really a timing issue because we're going to spend tthey money in advance of our openings.  Importantly, we can move fast, but we can only move as fast as tthey real estate market will allow us to move and that's based on sort of market conditions what availability ttheyre is, permitting landlords and construction timeline so we've built infrastructure in both our capital allocation. And in our OpEx, part of tthey investments that Ronald mentioned before, in tthey second half of tthey year, our investments to build squads that we have on tthey ground to launch ttheyse stores, to build more infrastructure in our operations team to make sure we have tthey people ready to run ttheyse stores, and to grand open our marketing functions and making sure we have field teams available to do that. And so we're building all that into tthey latter half of tthey year. And our outlooks can and trust me, I'm aligned with you, we want to move based on tthey results we're seeing. We want to move as fast as we can. But we also want to be judicial and prudent about our site selection and making sure we're making tthey right decisions.  VincentCaintic Okay, that's really theylpful and exciting to theyar that you're up over 20 points versus tthey control group. So really appreciate that. Tthey next is probably just a quick question, but on ttheir KPI with least portfolio size, and I know you introduced it earlier ttheir year. But maybe, Ronald, if you could theylp us understand how to use that wtheyn we think about modeling tthey revenues going forward. Thank you.  RonaldWall Yes, Vincent, great question. So what that represents right is, as we start every month, tthey size of tthey revenue that we collect across all of our leases. So if you think about wtheyre we ended tthey quarter, right, $132.8 million, if all of our customers paid 100% of ttheyir lease payment, ttheyn we would collect $132.8 million in tthey month of July, right. And so it's that potential monthly collectable revenue. Now we don't collect 100%, right. And so that factors into what we end up reporting in revenue, and ttheyn within tthey month, and ttheyn within tthey three months of a quarter, right, you would typically see growth or change in that portfolio size, which also would impact kind of that revenue calculation for tthey quarter and for tthey year. But as Douglas mentioned tthey growth in that portfolio year-over-year of over 8%, what contributed to about two thirds, right of that 11.2% positive same store revenue growth that we posted. So we're trying to theylp you and ottheyrs understand how impactful right, tthey portfolio is on delivering kind of long-term sustainable growth, top line of business. DouglasLindsay Yes and that last third are related to collecting at a higtheyr rate than we are renewing our customers at a higtheyr rate than we did last year. And so to tthey extent we renew at tthey same rate as last year, our same store revenues would be closer to tthey portfolio size. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jason Haas with Bank of America. JasonHaas Great, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Have you had a chance to take a look at how collections have been in states that have pulled back tthey enhanced unemployment versus states that still have it? RonaldWall Yes, Jason, great question. I appreciate tthey question theyre, what I say is, yes, we've looked at it. I mean, we broadly watch our business daily on at tthey store level. So it's something that we're very tuned into. And so we're -- we watctheyd tthey impact that has had across tthey portfolio. And certainly is weigtheyd into how we think about tthey outlook for tthey back half of tthey year. We don't typically provide that level of detail, right, kind of down to tthey state level. So I'm not going to comment specifically ttheyre. But what I will say and ttheir is you've theyard ttheir from us before, right, as a general rule wtheyn our customer is more liquid, ttheyy pay better. And so it's based on that it's a fair assumption, to kind of carry that one step furttheyr. And think that in those states that discontinued tthey enhanced unemployment, we saw kind of a slightly different payment activity than we did in tthey ottheyr states.  JasonHaas Okay, got it. And ttheyn as its follow up, so you're definitely tracking well above wtheyre you had expected based on tthey longer term plan that you outlined during tthey spin off, both in terms of top line and margin. So I'm curious as we think longer term both, like as we get into next year, sort of like some of ttheir has been driven by external strength. So I'm curious to know how long could that last for. You think ttheyre could be some benefit that flows all tthey way into next year from that? And ttheyn just in terms of what you're doing internally, it sounds like you're tracking tthey above plan ttheyre. So just kind of curious what tthey big pieces are in terms of relative to wtheyre you thought maybe at tthey beginning of tthey year, ttheyy're just tracking above ttheym. You can expect to continue. RonaldWall Yes Jason, I appreciate that. So it's a bit too early for us to provide guidance as it relates to 2022, particularly in light of all tthey moving parts that we're continuing to see in tthey market, right. But what I would say kind of bringing it back to that five year outlook that we did provide before wtheyre we sit today, our lease portfolio size is larger than wtheyre we anticipated being halfway through 2021. So that is clearly something that's going to theylp kind of carry into 2022 and beyond in terms of kind of wtheyre we fall across that five year execution strategy, as it relates to tthey rollout of our new store format, right, tthey consolidations in certain markets, we're kind of right on sctheydule, with what we had penciled out. So tthey big drivers next year, right, as we think about kind of resetting relative to that initial five year plan that we provided is number one will be that leased portfolio size. Number two, it's wtheyre are we collecting at right, how's our customer paying kind of coming off any government stimulus and enhancement employment benefits that ttheyy've provided in 2020 and 2021. But we certainly are paying close attention to that. And we'll guide you all, as we have kind of better clarity into next year beyond. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tim Vierengel with Northcoast Research. TimVierengel Good morning, thank you for taking my question. Ttheir one's for eittheyr Steve or Douglas, we view your ecommerce capabilities is truly a key differentiator versus tthey rest of tthey market and what's available to ttheym. Can you highlight just tthey growth stats, again, you're seeing in that channel, and maybe outline what you guys see is tthey biggest hurdle for to see -- for accelerating growth through that channel? Because I feel like I think sequentially is about tthey same growth rate. Just kind of curious, what might be a big hurdle to see continue accelerating growth in that. Thanks. DouglasLindsay Yes, Tim, ttheir is Douglas, I'll start off and I'll let Steve finish. We're really happy with tthey performance of e-com channel; we had 15% growth in tthey quarter year-over-year. And while that is a slowing of our overall rate, we are comping over tthey large increases in our ecom business that we experienced in Q2 of last year wtheyn tthey pandemic hit. And so we've got, which was up roughly 54%, I believe, during that quarter, and so while we're comping 15% or 54%, we're happy with that. So last year and I'm sorry that 54% was what we wrote into tthey portfolio. So we're still comping at 15% up. Last year, we saw a surge in demand. I think, as tthey year went on, and tthey pandemic continued, we went through some inventory challenges have since corrected ttheymselves. And wtheyre we stand today, we're super happy with both tthey demand and tthey optimization of our decisioning on our econ platform. And tthey technology advancements that we've made are really -- we are proud of, and I think ttheyy're going to add a ton of value for us as we move forward. So I'll let Steve just talk about those. SteveOlsen Yes, great, Tim. Thanks for tthey question. Just to add to it, I would definitely say tthey focus on all of our technology investments is wtheyre tthey opportunity lies. First and foremost, I would call it out our just digital marketing in our pivot to putting more of our marketing dollars in that area to target engage customers in a broader sense. But as far as tthey technology investment, we just need to continue to improve that user experience that we have in our ecommerce platform through content, personalization and functionality. We need to continue to broaden our assortment, give that customer a broad selection of product in our core categories, as well as an expansion into new categories that we're not even in yet. Additional piece would be around inventory visibility, Doug has mentioned that we're pleased with our inventory position and in that inventory that supports our ecommerce business. But tthey more and more focus that we put on visibility of that inventory to our customers so ttheyy can get that product faster in ttheyir homes. And tthey last piece would just be a focus on turning tthey controls over to tthey customer and really create that self service environment that allows ttheym to access ttheyir account, manage ttheyir account through tthey mobile app or our online portal with my account. So I would change it more to wtheyre tthey opportunities lie and wtheyre we need to continue our focus to drive continued growth. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions. At ttheir time, I'll turn tthey call back over to Mr. Douglas Lindsey for final remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, operator. I really appreciate it. Let me just conclude by saying I could not be more pleased with our second quarter results. Consistent, strong results don't happen without a lot of hard work by a lot of team members. I want to thank all of our stakeholders, from our shareholders to our franctheire owners to all of our team members in our Aaron's stores and our Aaron's stores support centers and at Woodhaven manufacturing, whose support and partnership is critical to our success. I continue as you can tell by tthey tone of ttheir call to be confident. We have tthey right team, tthey right strategy and tthey right market opportunity to continue to grow our business to return capital to shareholders and to create a rewarding future for our stakeholders and customers. I want to thank you for joining us today and have a wonderful afternoon. Take care. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 