Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President, Investor Relations John Robinson - President & Chief Executive Officer Ryan Woodley - Chief Executive Officer, Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - Chief Financial Officer, President & Strategic Operations Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Brad Thomas - KeyBanc John Baugh - Stifel Bill Chappell - SunTrust Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Operator Good morning. My name is Kate, and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time I'd like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's, Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Inc. second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are; John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's business and Steve Michaels, Aaron's, Inc. Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at aarons.com. During ttheir call certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our Safe Harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. Lastly effective with tthey first quarter of 2019, tthey company adopted ASC-842, a new standard related to accounting for leases. In our press release, we have added some information to tthey revenue table to provide you a year-over-year comparison on an equivalent basis. Throughout our call today we'll make comments related to tthey comparability of certain items with tthey prior year and I've assumed in ttheyse comments that tthey adoption of ttheir new standard was made at tthey beginning of each period compared. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Mike. And thank you all for joining us today. Tthey strong start to tthey year we reported in tthey first quarter continued through tthey second quarter. On a consolidated basis, we achieved revenue growth of 10.3% over tthey same quarter in 2018. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of continued strong invoice growth at Progressive and tthey Aaron's business acquisition of franctheire locations in 2018, partially offset by tthey closure of underperforming Aaron's stores in tthey first half of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA and diluted non-GAAP EPS were $107 million and $0.93 per share respectively both up meaningfully from tthey prior-year second quarter. Progressive's invoice volume grew 20.4% over tthey prior year second quarter, an acceleration from tthey 14.2% growth experienced in tthey first quarter of 2019. We're encouraged by ttheir accelerating growth and are maintaining our strategy of investing in people and systems to grow existing and new retail partner relationships. Tthey Aaron's business performed well in tthey quarter, despite a lower than expected beginning portfolio balance which put pressure on revenue in earnings. I'm pleased with tthey work our teams are doing to drive revenue and manage costs and we're maintaining our previously provided annual outlook for tthey business. We remain optimistic about tthey future of tthey Aaron's business and continue to invest in initiatives to advance our direct to consumer omni-channel strategy. Overall we remain conservatively capitalized with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of well below one turn and into tthey second quarter with available liquidity of approximately $500 million. Our strong balance ttheyyet provides us flexibility to continue to invest in our business, explore strategic opportunities and return capital to shareholders. During tthey quarter we repurchased approximately 243,000 shares of company's common stock returning approximately $17 million to our shareholders through ttheyse repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. I will now turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive's second quarter results. Ryan Woodley Thanks John. Tthey Progressive team delivered a great second quarter continuing tthey strong growth and profitability trends we have been experiencing. Revenues were $516 million in tthey second quarter, up 19.1% as compared to tthey second quarter of 2018. Revenue growth was driven by a 20.4% increase in invoice volume in tthey quarter resulting from a 23.4% increase in invoice per active door. Tthey significant increase in invoice per active door was driven by strong year-over-year increases in lease transactions per door in nearly every vertical. Our second quarter active door count was approximately 19,800, down 2.5% from tthey second quarter of 2018.  As evidenced by tthey accelerating growth and total invoice and invoice per active door, we believe door count has become less predictive as a leading indicator of future revenue growth, particularly as our overall mix shifts towards larger footprint and online retailers. EBITDA increased 22.3% as compared to tthey same period last year, primarily due to tthey 19.1% increase in revenues. On a consistent accounting basis, EBITDA was 13.2% of revenues, an increase of 30 basis point from tthey 12.9% in tthey year ago period. Tthey EBITDA margin expansion was driven by a 130 basis point increase in gross margin resulting primarily from a lower level of 90 day buyout activity. Tthey increase in gross margin was partially offset by accelerating investments in SG&A to support tthey growth of existing retail partners, as well as future pipeline conversion. Also calculated on a consistent accounting basis, write-offs were 7.6% of revenues in tthey second quarter of 2019 compared to 7.5% in tthey year ago period. As demonstrated by tthey consistency of ttheir metric, our lease pools continue to perform well and are in line with our expectations. Our risk team lead by Tanner Barney is doing an excellent job designing and executing decisioning strategies that account for ongoing shifts in portfolio mix, while enabling us to deliver results within tthey target ranges of profitability we provided. I remain excited about tthey momentum we're carrying into tthey second half of tthey year, and I'm pleased with tthey significant effort tthey team has made toward providing tthey best possible experience for credit challenged consumers. I'll now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron's business second quarter results. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. I'm pleased with tthey performance of tthey Aaron's business in tthey second quarter, despite entering tthey period with a lower portfolio balance than expected. Same-store revenues were up 0.1% in tthey quarter and represent a year-over-year improvement of 190 basis points. Same-store revenues have been near flat for four consecutive quarters, and we expect ttheir trend to continue for tthey second half of tthey year. In tthey quarter, we returned a positive year-over-year recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio, including a 68% increase in our e-commerce channel. As a reminder, recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio is a key indicator of future revenue performance. Revenues increased 1.9% as compared to tthey second quarter of 2018. Lease revenue increased 8% as compared to tthey same quarter last year, primarily driven by tthey franctheire stores acquired in 2018.  Lease revenues also benefited from tthey ongoing investment in our aarons.com platform which continued its strong growth in tthey second quarter. aarons.com is tthey key pillar of our omni-channel strategy and continues to attract younger higtheyr ticket customer who prefers a mobile shopping experience. Adjusted EBITDA decreased $2.7 million or 6.4% and was 8.9% of revenues versus 9.7% in tthey year ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA declined primarily due to tthey planned timing of 2019 marketing spend and higtheyr write-offs, partially offset by a $3.6 million insurance recovery from hurricane losses incurred in 2017. Write-offs were 5.6% of revenues versus 4% in tthey same period last year. Contributing to tthey increase in write-offs was tthey planned increase in tthey number and type of promotional offerings, higtheyr ticket leases, and tthey closure of 151 stores in tthey first half of 2019, and an increasing mix of e-commerce as a percent of revenues. Our first half of 2019 store closures are a continuation of our market repositioning strategy, which includes store merges, relocations and investments in our next-generation store concepts. Tthey impact of store closures on write-offs results primarily from tthey initial attritions of customers who were transferred to ottheyr Aaron's locations. We believe ttheir unfavorable impact on write-offs is temporary, and ttheyse closures will result in improved net margin performance in tthey future periods. I'm encouraged with tthey progress we're making in tthey Aaron's business, including tthey improved delivery activity experienced in tthey latter part of tthey quarter. We believe ttheir improvement is primarily driven by our new direct response marketing programs and a redesigned sales training and incentive plans. We continue to invest in key strategic initiatives to improve tthey customer experience and drive operational efficiencies. We're pleased with tthey progress of ttheyse initiatives, and we'll continue to evaluate ttheyir results as we scale ttheym more broadly. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. Now, I'll review some financial highlights for tthey quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey second quarter of 2019 were $968.1 million, an increase of 10.3% over tthey same period a year ago wtheyn calculated on a basis consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of ASC 842. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $107.4 million for tthey second quarter of ttheir year compared to $97 million for tthey same period last year an increase of $10.4 million, or 10.7%. Adjusted EBITDA was 11.1% of revenue in tthey second quarter of 2019 consistent with tthey second quarter of 2018 on a constant accounting basis. Diluted EPS on tthey non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 10.7% to $0.93 versus $0.84 in tthey prior year quarter. Operating expenses decreased approximately $4.7 million. Adjusting operating expenses in tthey second quarter of 2018 to be consistent with 2019 reporting, operating expenses would have increased $45 million in tthey second quarter of 2019 compared to tthey year ago period. Approximately half of tthey increase in operating expenses relates to tthey acquisition of franctheire stores throughout 2018. Tthey balance relates to tthey incremental write-offs evenly split between Progressive and tthey Aaron's business. Tthey acceleration of Aaron's business planned marketing spent into tthey second quarter and increased personnel costs at Progressive. During tthey second quarter, tthey company closed approximately 70 Aaron store locations as a result of management's strategic review of tthey existing store portfolio. Tthey company recorded restructuring charges of $18.7 million, primarily consisting of impairment charges associated with tthey closed stores. Cash generated from operating activities was $245 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2019 and we ended tthey quarter with $100 million in cash compared to $15 million at tthey end of 2018. In mid April, we made a sctheyduled principal payment on our senior unsecured notes of $60 million. Tthey remaining outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes is $120 million, with no additional sctheyduled principal payments on ttheyse notes until April of 2020. During tthey quarter, we repurchased 242,860 shares of tthey company's common stock for approximately $59.35 per share returning approximately $17 million to our shareholders through ttheyse repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. We remain conservatively capitalized and ended tthey second quarter with available liquidity of $486 million and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.6 turns. You will note that, we've updated our outlook for 2019. We are raising our EPS outlook from a range of $3.65 to $3.85 to an updated range of $3.85 to $4 per share primarily reflecting tthey strength in our Progressive segment. Year-to-date, we have achieved low double-digit consolidated revenue growth and expects to continue to do so for tthey balance of tthey year. We've increased our adjusted EBITDA outlook for tthey year as we expect Progressive to continue to achieve high EBITDA growth rates in tthey second half of 2019. Despite a lower than expected portfolio balance entering tthey second quarter, we are maintaining tthey previously provided full year outlook for tthey Aaron's business. Overall, we are pleased that we again reported strong consolidated results ttheir quarter. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to assist with taking your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning, guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. I want to just start on tthey Progressive side of tthey business. Ryan, if you could give us a sense for tthey rollout with tthey recently announced partnerships any color you can provide us with ttheyre? Ryan Woodley Hey, Kyle, thanks for tthey question. We're happy with how ttheyy're going. We obviously continue to be very proud to partner with all of those folks and excited about what we're accomplishing togettheyr. Tthey teams are working hard. We're focused on executing tthey best we possibly can for ttheym and ttheyir stores and for our mutual customers. I won't comment on ttheym specifically, but we're pleased with wtheyre we're at and really excited about tthey opportunity atheyad of us. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn if you can just I think ttheir question is probably for Steve, just give us a sense for tthey cash efficiency of tthey Progressive model and how much tthey business can grow on tthey existing balance ttheyyet? And ttheyn refresh us on your capital allocation plans as well? Steve Michaels Yeah, I mean, that's one of tthey many beautiful elements of tthey Progressive model, which I assume you're speaking of specifically. Tthey Aaron's business has a great cash efficiency and cash generation as well, but as it relates to Progressive and its growth because of tthey 12 month lease pools with an average life of seven months tthey cash turns over very quickly and has a very efficient cash conversion cycle. So we have tthey Progressive business has grown in tthey last several years and call it mid-20s and has generated cash. And depending on tthey timing of tthey invoice, it could certainly grow in excess of 40% and still sell fund, but ttheyn obviously beyond that, one of our strengths is our conservatively capitalized balance ttheyyet and access to liquidity. So, we've got plenty of opportunity and dry powder if you will to be able to support growth in excess of that, but at tthey levels and tthey size that Progressive is, those are some very nice growth rates that it can sell fund. Kyle Joseph That’s very theylpful. Thanks a lot for answer my questions. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Kyle. Operator Tthey next question is from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Good morning and let me add my congrats on nice quarter as well. So, I just had a question, obviously, Progressive had a great quarter, you have also made sequential acceleration in terms of invoice by per active door growth particularly including our two year stack basis. And you raised your guidance, but for Progressive EBITDA for tthey year which didn't raise your guidance for Progressive's revenues for tthey year. So I was just trying to sort of reconcile that. Thank you. Steve Michaels Yes Anthony, ttheir is Steve. I mean as we talked about in tthey prepared remarks, we believe and we said we expect low double-digit or consistent year-over-year growth rates in tthey back half of tthey year that we achieved in tthey front half of tthey year. And we did not as you noted tighten or change tthey revenue range, but we expect to continue tthey trends that we've been delivering thus far. Anthony Chukumba Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc. Please go atheyad. Brad Thomas Hey, good morning, great quarter. And I guess I was hoping we could talk a little bit more about tthey trends in bad debts and write-offs. And maybe, we could start with Douglas and ttheyn move over to Ryan. If you could talk about what you're seeing in tthey different business segments and how that's playing out relative to expectations and how if at all your outlook for that line item is changing as we think about tthey back half of tthey year? Douglas Lindsay Hey Brad, it's Douglas. As we mentioned, I believe we mentioned ttheir last call. We've been experiencing elevated write-offs in tthey last few quarters. It has mainly been driven by our acquisition of new customers. We've talked about our promotional strategy that’s driving new customers in tthey door. We've also opened on Sunday on all of our stores now, which is attracting a lot more new customers and that e-commerce over 12% of our GAAP written into tthey portfolio ttheir quarter and that's attracting mainly tthey new customers. So with all tthey new customer entering into each of tthey pools, we're seeing higtheyr write-offs. We also mention on tthey call, we're seeing a temporary increase in write-offs due to tthey closure of 151 stores in tthey first six months of tthey year. And ttheir is just basically we're merging customers from one store into anottheyr. And as we move ttheym, we did tthey best we can to increase tthey customer service and connectivity with our customer or moving ttheym a longer away from ttheyir home to anottheyr store. We bake all of ttheir into our underwriting and our decisioning wtheyn we close doors, but we do experience higtheyr write-offs wtheyn that happens. So we're happy with tthey ROI on that decision, but we will have a temporary period of increase write-offs. We expect to have elevated write-offs as we go forward just due to tthey promotional strategy, tthey growth in e-commerce and attracting new customers with a higtheyr rate, but that's all reflected in our guidance. Brad Thomas And so, just to be clear Douglas, do you think that tthey write-offs probably continue to be higtheyr year-over-year through tthey second half? Douglas Lindsay Yes, we would expect, yes, an elevated amount of write-offs even once tthey merger settle down. Brad Thomas Okay. Great. And Ryan, could you comment a bit more about how you're thinking about write-offs of bad debts? Ryan Woodley Yes, on tthey same accounting basis write-offs were 7.6 versus 7.5, a year ago and we didn't -- I don't think we mentioned bad debt as we've changed accounting, but just for information bad debt was flat on tthey same accounting basis 10.3% of revenues versus 10.3% last year. I'd say, it was you know strengttheyned our decisioning activities, I mentioned that in tthey prepared remarks and tthey payment assistance team is doing excellent as well and that combined is delivering very consistent performance. We provided that annual range on write-offs, a 6% to 8% and we’re well positioned to end ttheyir own year. Brad Thomas Great. And if I could ask a follow up to you Ryan about revenue growth, I know you don't want to break out for sales occurring at specific accounts, but could you maybe give us a little bit more flavor, a little bit more theylp thinking about wtheyre your revenue growth today is coming from and just how we should think about, how much is coming from some of ttheyse big large national accounts versus what you're seeing from some of tthey regional or smaller players that you work with particularly in tthey context of us watching that active door number be down a little bit year-over-year right now? Ryan Woodley Sure, happy to. We talked a lot about invoice, a leading indicator of revenue. So tthey focus on invoice, I mentioned that was driven by strong increases in productivity per door, which we measure as invoice volume per door. It was actually a record level in tthey quarter which was great to see. And I did mention we're seeing that pretty broad base. I think tthey teams are working hard with our existing partners to grow ttheym. We've obviously benefited from some nice new additions to tthey portfolio that are also productive and doing well for us. But we've just been really focused on trying to theylp our partners drive more of those opportunities to tthey top of tthey funnel and optimize our efforts to convert ttheym through tthey bottom of tthey funnel and ttheyy're doing great. Obviously, those larger accounts, given ttheyir scale, are driving a big portion of tthey growth and we expect that trend to continue, but we're pleased with what we're seeing across tthey book. Brad Thomas Great. Thank you so much. Ryan Woodley Thanks, Brad.  Operator Tthey next question is from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to get to tthey store side, if I could, and is ttheyre a better sense and I guess ttheir is for John or Douglas, wtheyre we might sort out in tthey longer term on sort count and are we still retaining sort of a similar 12 months after closure and moving kind of a retention rate, or is that changing in anyway? John Robinson Hey, John, thanks for tthey question. It's John Robinson. In terms of wtheyre we think we'll settle out on stores, I think, that is an ongoing kind of evolving process that we continue to evaluate as our kind of omni-channel strategy takes hold. We've been really pleased with tthey growth in e-com and tthey ability to serve a broader market with that in potentially fewer stores. We certainly think tthey number of stores by market in, say, a mature market, in tthey metro market, for example, would probably be less than we have today. We can't tell you tthey exact number, because we're kind of honing in on that as we continue to learn from tthey data. But, certainly, our expectation is, we'll have probably fewer stores and a more robust e-comm platform, which includes tthey mobile platform as we move forward. So that's tthey direction we're broadly going. In terms of tthey mergers and I'll let Douglas to come in if ttheir is incorrect, but we're having good results from that. That's tthey reason we've continued to do ttheyse close emerges, is that we have been pleased with tthey predictability and tthey kind of runoff and retention of merged customers over time. And that's one of tthey advantages we have versus tthey traditional retailers. We do have a portfolio of leases in ttheyse stores with tthey recurring revenue base. And so, our ability to retain that wtheyn we close and merge into anottheyr store is, we're accretive from a profitability standpoint and we've seen good predictability around that. And ttheyn, ttheyre is a mileage component, depending on how far away tthey stores are apart, but we've been pleased with tthey performance of that and that's one of tthey reasons we've continued to execute that strategy. Douglas Lindsay Yes. Tthey only thing I'd add to that John is, ttheir is all part of our larger market repositioning strategy, which includes closing stores, relocating stores and opening our next-gen store concepts. We opened six next-gen stores in tthey quarter and we're continuing to refine our national marketing plans, optimizing tthey footprint of, as John said, a rural market store versus tthey urban store and really value engineering of what we're doing. I think tthey magic and a lot of what we're doing right now and tthey momentum we're starting to see is in tthey operating model, not just in tthey way we sort of free our people up to get a cell and convert tthey customers that walks in tthey doors, but also reducing our -- being more efficient in our dollars that we spend in our operating model and getting greater productivity through things like digital decisioning and centralized collecting. And so, we'll to continue to pursue that with ttheir real estate strategy. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn, if I could, a quick question on Progressive for Ryan. I appreciate we're not going to get tthey rollout in tthey retailers we're talking with, but I'm curious on tthey -- you said, frankly, ever since Progressive has been part of Aaron that you're spending for future growth. And tthey question is, wtheyre are we in terms of have we spent enough have we spent too much, based on what you know, again won't share it necessarily, but trying to get a sense of wtheyttheyr or not tthey business is growing about tthey pace you saw and your infrastructure is ready, or do you have some retailers you're talking with. And maybe you're having a hold off, because you're growing maybe faster than you thought? Thank you. Ryan Woodley Yes. Thanks for tthey question. So just broad based comments. Obviously, our belief in tthey merits of investing in tthey business is derived from tthey fact that we think it's a large underserved market. We really believe it's a 20-plus-billion-dollar market, a fraction of which is currently being served and we think we're well positioned, very well positioned to capture tthey bulk of that opportunity, which is why we have sort of tthey interest in investing. I'd say, we're very pleased that we've been able to do that while generating margin expansion and at tthey pace at with which we've been investing in tthey business has been very measured. We try to be thoughtful about pacing that investment with tthey pace of evolution in tthey pipeline. And I think, we've managed to pace that pretty well. I'm very confident that we can handle any of tthey volume sitting in our pipeline. And we've made tthey appropriate investments I'd say in infrastructure and team to be able to support that it's -- that we talk a lot about investing in people and systems and that really is what it is. We have an extremely talented team across all tthey functions in tthey business and every one of those has grown over tthey last year and we're continuing to invest in those, so that we really can handle any opportunity out ttheyre. And I feel good about wtheyre we're at, I feel good about wtheyre tthey pipeline sits today, I feel good about our ability to manage those opportunities. John Robinson And John, ttheir is John Robinson. I'll say, just having been around Progressive a while now, I think all those things Ryan said exactly right. I feel better about our ability to capture tthey opportunity in front of us today than I've ever felt and relative to tthey pipeline we have in front of us our ability to handle that manage it not only from an operational standpoint, but from a capital standpoint for sure in really all aspects of tthey business. So I think tthey business is very well positioned to continue to capitalize on tthey opportunity. And we've said ttheir in tthey past and I'll just repeat it, but we are -- and Ryan and tthey team have done a great job of balancing managing margin, EBITDA margin in tthey context of ttheir big usurp market. But we really are focused on capturing tthey opportunity more than trying to capture every last dollar of margin right now, because we just think it's such a big opportunity and being tthey incumbent, being tthey first to it and retailer is important and has proven to be over time and we just want to continue to kind of win that race. We think we have an advantage in tthey market right now from a product and team standpoint and we want to continue to kind of build on that advantage, so that we can continue to have ttheyse wins and have ttheyse growth rates, which ttheyse guys have put up now for really consistently for a number of years. John Baugh Hey, John, on that front really quickly. Obviously, ttheir is a growing industry and it's attracting competitors and capital. Are you seeing any change in competition, which I know you've always cited, ttheyre's always somebody that walks in and offers a better conversion rate or approval rate whatever? Is it changing to a degree, is it impacting you? Obviously, your margins are good, but I'm just curious in tthey competitive landscape. Thank you. John Robinson  Yeah. I mean, it's a good question. It's definitely. All tthey way back to wtheyn Aaron's acquired Progressive we feel like it has attracted more and more competitors and tthey awareness around tthey industry is higtheyr among capital providers. So ttheyre is certainly more competitors probably than we've ever seen in tthey market. I kind of think of it as those competitors who are serving tthey regions versus tthey ones who are serving tthey large enterprise accounts. I feel like we have a real unmatctheyd product and team to serve a large retailer. And just as I mentioned before, we want to continue to build on tthey lead we think we have ttheyre. And it's definitely ttheyre are some good competitors. We think we're tthey best provider out ttheyre. But we've got to stay on our toes and we've got to keep investing to stay atheyad. So that's part of what you see. And if you ask Ryan tthey question, wtheyre we're investing we're investing across all functional areas to get better across tthey whole enterprise to be able to continue to be tthey best provider out ttheyre. But it has been competitive, it remains competitive, it's always changing. And we just put a lot of pressure on ourselves to keep getting better and have tthey best solution in tthey market. And that's how we think about it. We're always feeling a great sense of urgency to improve and we have a great kind of roadmap of product and how we need to change and grow and get better and we're working down that pipeline as fast as we can. John Baugh Great. Thanks. Good luck. John Robinson  Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell Thanks. Good morning. John Robinson  Good morning, Bill. Bill Chappell A few hopefully quick questions and one longer. On tthey Aaron's side, Douglas I guess would you expect just a little more clarification kind of tthey write-offs to be at ttheir level for tthey next few quarters or would ttheyy go higtheyr before ttheyy go lower? And ttheyn also on same store sales what's kind of tthey outlook on same store sales growth as we start to lap some of tthey Sunday openings by tthey time we get to tthey fourth quarter? Douglas Lindsay Yeah. Hey, Bill. Just addressing tthey write-offs first. We just closed tthey second set of seven day stores at tthey end of tthey quarter. So I would expect in tthey third quarter to see sort of tthey same as what you've seen in tthey second quarter adjusted for our normal seasonal third quarter increase, but year-over-year you should expect to see kind of what you're seeing theyre in tthey second quarter given tthey store closure pace. That will moderate towards tthey end of tthey year, but we've been up about 100 basis points year-over-year. And I expect that's wtheyre it will settle back down. We will continue to try to drive new customers into tthey pipeline, I think that are higtheyr write-off rate; one, because ttheyy've got a higtheyr book value of tthey assets, ttheyy're writing off; and two, ttheyy just write off at a higtheyr rate as new customers normally do. And as far as same store comps, I'm really proud of tthey team. We had anottheyr quarter of positive comps. I think we're 190 basis points over last year, as you recall first quarter was our first positive comp since 2013. So tthey team has done an awesome job on that. What I'm most excited about is that we rebounded on our key leading indicator of recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio, which was up ttheir quarter and continues that streak from last year that we were seeing. We're attracting more new customers and probably importantly we saw strength in tthey latter part of tthey quarter, which we're excited about. So we've kept our guidance at 0 to 2%. We see ourselves coming in within that guidance and it will be sort of flat to 0.2% for tthey year. What's driving a lot of that right now is ttheir reinvestment that I mentioned on tthey call and marketing and sales training and incentive programs along with ttheyse merchandising strategies that continue to get traction, and of course, we talked about e-com that was up 67% and tthey revenue we put into tthey portfolio year-over-year. So those are all theylping us with comps considerably. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn Ryan switching to Progressive. I understand your commentary that store counts becoming less and less relevant but ttheyre's certainly some of your existing customers that are being door shrinking and will continue that way. Do you expect ttheir trend -- your door count to be at ttheir level for a while in terms of down 12 percentage points year-over-year, does it get worse? Does it get better as ottheyrs start to expand a little bit faster? Ryan Woodley Good question. So, we talked about tthey specific drivers of tthey decline we're currently seeing in tthey business. On tthey base of 19,800 we did have some nice additions from new and existing partnerships inside of that number, obviously, overcome by tthey two drivers we mentioned on tthey last call tthey decline in mattress from one of our partners ttheyre and ttheyn in mobile as well. So, that being said, we'll still be comping those declines throughout ttheir year. But ttheyre are obviously significant basis of doors still out ttheyre left to win and onboard on tthey platform. So that opportunity is out ttheyre. And ttheyn once we comp those two specific reductions, obviously, we won't be facing that theyadwind as well on tthey existing base which has seen some growth inside of it that was just offset by those two declines. So, we'll be comping -- short answer is we'll be comping those for ttheir year and we've got some opportunity to grow it going forward. John Robinson And Bill, obviously, ttheir is John a lot of tthey opportunity in tthey pipeline is our e-com and/or larger footprint type door. So, ttheyy can bring a lot of invoice without necessarily moving tthey door metric as much as we might have seen in tthey past with ottheyr types of doors. So, that has been tthey case for tthey last couple of years for us as we just had very productive doors coming to tthey system. Bill Chappell Perfect segue into my last question. Ryan maybe just if you were to have signed a large kind of online e-commerce customer, how does that work in terms of versus tthey traditional door, how quickly it ramps? Just because tthey signage is obviously different tthey customer interaction is different. And so I don't know if it takes significantly longer than a bricks-and-mortar retailer that has a similar revenue base or if it's much, much faster? Ryan Woodley Fair question. I would say it -- I expect it to be very similar to our offline partnerships which is a very dramatically partner-to-partner. And it depends on both tthey nature and tthey integration and tthey level of collaboration between tthey teams and tthey extent to which tthey offering is being promoted on tthey site as tthey corollary of being promoted in store with POP and all of those will have a significant influence on tthey pace of growth in our online opportunities. We're super excited about tthey channel. We've spent a lot of time and resource investing and building out our technology offering ttheyre as well as our team. I'm pleased with wtheyre we're at excited about wtheyre we're going. Our goal is to develop tthey toolkit we need to theylp a broad base of e-commerce retailers serve ttheir customer as we've done over tthey past two decades offline. I think it's a really large opportunity and I think we're sort of uniquely positioned to theylp execute on that strategy for online partners. We were very bullish on online and mobile representing a big portion of tthey business years into tthey future. Bill Chappell Got it. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Budd Bugatch of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Budd Bugatch Good morning everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. Ryan I was curious you had talked about tthey 130 basis points of gross margin expansion due primarily, I think if I recall properly from lower penetration of 90-day or due significantly from that. Can you talk a little bit about that maybe give us some color of any indication of what tthey verticals that may be in or wtheyttheyr that's -- some commentary about tthey theyalth of tthey credit challenged consumer? Ryan Woodley Sure will do. So, not necessarily a theyalth of tthey consumer really an artifact of tthey shift and mix. And that's tthey function of a lot of variables ttheyre that go into our portfolio mix. I'll give you some examples. So, wtheyn we onboard a new partner that partner may have a naturally different level of 90-day organic level of 90-day buyouts based on ttheyir customer composition. If we see different rates of growth across partners that can influence it, if we see a different pricing, overall growth of tthey portfolio, all of those things have tthey ability to influence levels of 90-day, we saw 190 basis points of expansion in Q1, so its moderated a bit from that level to tthey 130 in Q2. We expect it to continue to moderate and it really just depends on tthey timing and mix of invoice, especially new invoice being added. Budd Bugatch Okay, that's theylpful. And Douglas rapid customer onboarding how is that progressing? How many stores are doing that? And what does it look like in tthey portfolio? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Glad you asked, because we've been working hard on that, we've been testing it in about 200 stores. We've seen great success in adoption, our team members love it. It takes considerable amount of labor out of tthey stores and leaves tthey processing to us versus processing sitting at tthey store. What ttheyy like probably most about it is tthey digital interface wtheyre we can onboard a customer and offer ttheym all of our products and e-sign our docs and send ttheym away with digital docs, which is a convenience to tthey customer and it also theylps us to lead ttheym through tthey onboarding process in a more uniform way. In terms of tthey decisioning, we've seen really strong results ttheyre, we continue to optimize it, we should be with digital tablets, onboarding tablets in every store by tthey end of tthey year and ttheyn shortly following with decisioning platform that would allow us to make, sort of, size tthey customer and if you think of it at tthey journey that's wtheyre you come into an Aaron's store, fill in your information and we tell you what your leasing power is and ttheyn you go shop, and ttheyn we ctheyck it out digitally on a tablet. And tthey vision of that experience is coming to light right now in our stores and will probably be in tthey first half of 2020. John Robinson But I'll add one thing, ttheir is John. Following tthey last set of questions, one of tthey exciting parts about rapid customer onboarding and as Douglas said it is an evolution of our business, you know, ttheir business well. We're going through a transformation and you've got to do it in steps and Douglas and their team; John Smith and Steve Olsen ttheyy're doing an amazing job executing ttheir. But we've got to do it -- we got to sequence it right, ttheyy're doing that. One of tthey exciting parts about rapid customer onboarding is tthey ability, once it's in place to centrally manage risk better than we've ever been able to do it before. That's one of tthey huge advantages we have at Progressive is our ability to turn on and off different pools of opportunity and approval rates and tthey things that we can change really agile, be very agile and changing we can do that at Progressive, we can't do it at Aaron's. But rapid customer onboarding will get us to that point, which gives you a much better ability to dial-up your risk adjusted margin you're looking for. And tthey Progressive guys have been hugely theylpful in getting us ttheyre on tthey Aaron's side but it's a big opportunity that we don't really get tthey benefit of ttheir year but we're excited about it in tthey future. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. One last thing, Budd. I'll just add, we get data capture and sales conversion data and have additional labor hours we can deploy into tthey selling process, which are all great benefits of ttheir as well. Budd Bugatch But to make sure I understand it. I thought -- I think you said you're going to have it in all stores by tthey end of tthey year, but right now it's only in 200 so that's like up a 100 from wtheyre it was earlier. So you're really backend loading ttheir and it's a 2020 -- advantage as opposed to 2019? Douglas Lindsay Yeah, let me be clear. We're going to have tthey digital platform in our ctheyckout process in all stores by tthey end of tthey year and that's going to allow our associates to get comfortable with tthey process and we will layer on tthey decisioning part of that in tthey first part of 2020 and we should get tthey benefits throughout 2020. John Robinson But to furttheyr clarify in tthey 200 plus stores today, we have tthey digital and tthey decisioning… Douglas Lindsay Yes, we've both of ttheym in ttheyre. John Robinson …which has enabled us to get a lot of data and to understand performance of lease pools based on tthey decisioning. Budd Bugatch Okay. And last for me. You closed about well just under 70 stores if my math is right at tthey end of tthey quarter you said. What’s tthey balance of tthey year look like? Are you going to do some more close mergers of size or are we pretty well done for 2019? Douglas Lindsay Yeah. I mean, we're going to follow our normal course process, Budd. But we don't expect any large scale closures between now and tthey end of tthey year. Budd Bugatch Thank you very much. Good luck for tthey balance of tthey year. John Robinson Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Thanks for allowing me to double dip theyre a bit. So you talked briefly about tthey new store concept, tthey task, and I know that you've seen some pretty impressive results from that. I guess, I was just looking for an update in terms of rolling out some tthey learning from those concept stores to tthey rest of tthey store base? Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Sure. We're now up to 10 stores that we've opened with tthey new store concept. We initially had a prototype store wtheyre we as you might imagine spent what we needed to spent to get it right and drive volume. We learned that we could drive tthey top-line and we needed to optimize tthey rest of tthey model. We've been working hard to do that. And so we've been working on value engineering or build out figuring out what our new labor model is and really refining what's in tthey store. I mean, if you think about our new store concept it's a larger showroom, really removing tthey servicing offices, completely remodeled exterior and interior, new brand look and it's totally static in tthey main part of tthey showrooms and ttheyy're pre-leased. And we have dedicated pre-leased areas and ttheyn we have as we talked about with RCO, digital onboarding and a virtual shopping experience within those stores. Layering on that we've put in centralized servicing ttheyre and so we've learned a lot from that. Tthey biggest thing we've learned is we can now like value engineer, but we can optimize tthey operating model to give us a return within tthey lease periods that we're signing. So we're gaining confidence. We've also learned that slightly bigger stores operate better. And with that confidence it has allowed us to sort of accelerate tthey pace of our build out of ttheyse stores. So we've got a number of stores in tthey pipeline as we've communicated previously. And we are building a team on tthey real estate side that is much more strategic in terms of tthey way we think about markets and wtheyre we put ttheyse things. So, it will not be a one-size fits all. So, in Aransas Pass Texas, we may have a smaller store that is more remote than a store we might put in Atlanta, wtheyre we have ottheyr stores nearby. We could foresee in tthey future within our high density markets, having higtheyr stores with smaller surrounding satellite stores that may potentially be serviced through hubs and shared resources. But we're really optimistic about tthey concept. John Robinson And Anthony, I'll add just to make sure on your question. Some of tthey things that we're scaling across tthey system already, and we just talked about digital customer onboarding, that’s been one of tthey kind of pieces of tthey new store concept that Douglas and tthey team have tested seeing great results, from seeing great customer adoption and feedback from customers all we announced, as we've just discussed scaling across tthey whole system ttheir year. We've also learned in part of our new store concept was new incentive programs, and we're also adopting some new sales training. And those are two effective and big projects right now that we are scaling across tthey whole system. So, ttheyse are all things that have been part of ttheir transformation effort that are getting across tthey whole system. Tthey real estate part, as Douglas just discussed, is a longer term process that we're trying to get right, given that ttheyre's more capital involved. We want to make sure we're very prudent about how we spend that capital. So, we're refining it, and it's going to be a little different by market as Douglas said, and ttheyre's going to be a big e-com component. And Douglas and their team have done an awesome job figuring out tthey right mix by market. Anthony Chukumba Got it, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just one last question, you mentioned that tthey strong progressive invoice volume per active door growth is driven by increase in lease transacted in nearly every vertical. I guess I was wondering, as you add ttheyse larger partners, is it a reasonable expectation to think that your invoice volume per active door growth will continue to be quite robust as you layer in ttheyse larger partners who obviously are going to do a lot more volume than hosted wireless reseller? John Robinson On tthey whole, Anthony, yeah, I'd say that's true. It's also going to be true as tthey mix shifts toward online more as well, just given how we count those doors. We're going to see higtheyr levels of average door productivity coming from online, but yeah. Douglas Lindsay And one thing I will emphasize that, I think Ryan said earlier, I want to make sure everyone understands is, that tthey team has done an amazing job of bringing on new retailers with big footprint doors. But ttheyy're doing an equally admirable job of driving more volume in tthey existing doors that we have with our existing retail partners. So a lot of tthey investment, much of tthey investment that we make is to make our existing partners more successful and tthey team has done an excellent job of doing that. And that's showing up in ttheyse numbers. Anthony Chukumba Got it, that's theylpful. And sorry, just one last clarification. Tthey 68% increase in e-commerce revenues, was that just in tthey Aaron's business or is that overall? Douglas Lindsay That's just in tthey Aaron's business, and just to furttheyr clarify that 68% of increase in recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio, which is our leading indicator. That's not a revenue number, but it's what we put into tthey portfolio 68% higtheyr than what we did last year. Ryan Woodley It's effectively tthey recurring revenue that you expect. If you think about a transaction, you have a recurring payment. It's just tthey recurring payment aggregated that we've written into tthey portfolio at any given period. Anthony Chukumba That’s theylpful. [indiscernible] and thanks so much. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you. To summarize, we are pleased with tthey strong first half of 2019. We recognize we must continue to execute on our plan to achieve tthey improved results indicated by our updated outlook, and our team is up to tthey task. We are pleased with ongoing performance of Progressive, and tthey progress being made by tthey Aaron's business and its transformation efforts. I'd like to thank all of our associates, retail partners and franctheirees for ttheyir dedication to providing high quality products to our customers. And thank you very much for joining us today. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.