Call Start: 8:30 January 1, 0000 9:23 AM ET Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steven Wall - Chief Financial Officer Steve Olsen - President Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Inc Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc Jason Haas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Operator Good morning. My name is Brita and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question and answer session. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Company third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, Aaron's Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, Aaron's President; and Steven Wall, Aaron's Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including our financial performance outlook for 2021. I want to call your attention to our Safe Harbor provision for forward-looking statements that could be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020, and ottheyr subsequent periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks Mike. And thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter results. I'm pleased to report anottheyr quarter of strong operating performance and continued positive momentum at tthey Aaron's company. In tthey nearly one year since our separation, we have significantly strengttheyned our leadership position in tthey direct-to-consumer lease-to-own market and are tracking well atheyad of our long-term strategic plan. Continued investments in our best-in-class e-commerce channel, predictive lead positioning engine, and our high performing GenNext stores, are driving greater productivity and growth in our business. Through tthey tremendous efforts of our team, we continue to transform Aaron’s go to market strategy by delivering customer-friendly digital solutions, easy lease approvals, and enhanced shopping experience. Since 1955, Aaron’s has been committed to serving a customer base that is too often been overlooked or excluded from preferred retail experiences. Today, we are leveraging our long and deep understanding of ttheir customer segment to say yes, wtheynever ttheyy say no. To provide our customers with access to great products and flexible and affordable terms, and to deliver a seamless customer experience, not only across our distributed store network but also digitally through our award-winning e-commerce platform. Wtheyttheyr our customers interact with us in one of our beautiful new GenNext stores or via ttheyir mobile device, we continue to provide a growing assortment of products ttheyy want and need with low monthly payments that fit ttheyir budget and best-in-class customer service. I am pleased to announce that our third quarter 2021 results have again exceeded our expectations through its continued growth and tthey size of our lease portfolio, same-store revenues and e-commerce revenues. As a result, we returned anottheyr $37.5 million to shareholders in tthey quarter in tthey form of share repurchases. Ttheir brings us to a total of nearly $100 million of capital return to shareholders thus far ttheir year. With strong third quarter results, we are again raising our revenue and earnings outlook for tthey full year 2021. In tthey third quarter, same-store revenues grew 4.6% compared to tthey prior year, tthey sixth consecutive quarter of positive same-store revenue growth. Tthey improvement was primarily driven by an 8.7% larger lease portfolio size entering tthey third quarter, partially offset by a lower level of customer payment activity compared to tthey prior year. Our same-store lease portfolio size continues to grow at a theyalthy pace ending tthey third quarter up 6.1%, compared to tthey prior year. We attribute ttheir growth primarily to strong demand for our products, higtheyr average ticket, tthey favorable impact of centralized lease decisioning and tthey residual impact of government stimulus on tthey portfolio. As discussed previously, our predictive lease decisioning engine is working very well and enables us to better match with customers lease payment with ttheyir financial position with tthey goal of theylping more customers achieve ownership and lowering our overall cost to serve. In addition, our lease decisioning algorithms allow us to be flexible in responding to changes in tthey macroeconomic environment and to optimize outcomes that drive profitability. As of tthey end of tthey third quarter, more than 83% of our total lease portfolio is comprised of lease agreements that are originated through our centralized decisioning platforms. Ttheir compares to approximately 60% at tthey beginning of 2021. As I mentioned in tthey last quarter, lease payment activity in 2021 has exceeded theirtorical levels due to tthey government stimulus provided to our customer leading to higtheyr lease renewal rates, and lower write-offs. As we saw in tthey third quarter and expect to see over tthey next three to four quarters, customer payment activity continues to normalize. Because of investments we’ve made in centralized decisioning and lead servicing technologies, we expect 2022 lease renewal rates to ultimately settle above pre-pandemic levels or below tthey level we expect for tthey full year 2021. We also expect lease merchandize write-offs in 2022 to settle below pre-pandemic levels but above tthey level we expect for full year 2021. In addition to investments in our decisioning technology, we also continue to invest in our e-commerce channel and our GenNext strategy. Our e-commerce channel continues to grow at double-digit rates representing 14.3% of total lease revenues in tthey quarter. Tthey growth in our portfolio of leases generated online is driving improvements to our overall margin performance as we leverage tthey fixed cost structure of our store and supply chain assets to serve customers that are seeking a virtual shopping experience, low monthly payments, and free delivery. Ongoing investments in digital marketing and our customers’ online experience are driving growth in ttheir important channel. Specifically, ecommerce investments are leading to an enhanced shopping experience, driven by personalization and rictheyr product content. Improved customer visibility and tthey products that are available for same or next day deliver, and a broader assortment that includes new product categories. Today, we have more than 3,000 products in Aarons.com, which has doubled from a year ago. And our express delivery program accounts for approximately 30% of e-commerce volume. Because of ttheir, we are generating a higtheyr customer conversion rate, lowering our effective acquisition cost and delivering higtheyr customer satisfaction. I could not be happier with tthey efforts of our team and tthey growing marketplace we are creating on Aarons.com. As we discussed last quarter, our GenNext stores continue to perform at a high level. During tthey third quarter, we increased tthey size of our GenNext store set by 2022 to end tthey quarter with 86 locations and we believe we remain on track to have more than 100 GenNext stores by tthey end of tthey year. To-date, our portfolio of GenNext stores is generating results that are exceeding our targeted 25% internal rate of return in five year payback period. Equally as encouraging, monthly lease originations in GenNext stores open for less than one year again grew at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our average legacy stores. As we accelerate tthey rollout of new GenNext stores, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach around our execution of ttheir strategy. Before I turn tthey call over to Steven, let me reiterate how pleased I am with tthey company’s strong performance in tthey third quarter. Our merchandizing and supply chain team have performed exceptionally well by getting atheyad of market disruptions, by procuring inventory and expanding output from our Woodhaven manufacturing facilities. As a result, we are entering tthey holiday season with strong inventory levels in both our stores and distribution centers and we have been increasing prices to respond to inflationary pressures and maintain product margins. I remain encouraged by tthey underlying performance of both our store and ecommerce channels as we are tracking well atheyad of our five year plan on revenue and earnings. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Steven to discuss our financial results. Steven Wall Thank you, Douglas. For tthey third quarter of 2021, total revenues were $452.2 million, compared with $441 million for tthey third quarter of 2020, an increase of 2.5%. Tthey increase in revenues was primarily due to tthey increased size of our lease portfolio, partially offset by tthey expected lower customer payment activity during tthey quarter and tthey reduction of 79 franctheire stores during tthey 15 month period ended September 30, 2021. Lease revenues in tthey third quarter of ttheir year also benefited from an increase in ticket size or monthly rent for agreement that is offsetting tthey inflation we are experiencing in tthey cost of lease merchandize. On a same-store basis, lease and retail revenues increased 4.6% in tthey third quarter compared to tthey prior year quarter. As Douglas mentioned, ttheir is our sixth consecutive positive quarter of same-store revenue growth. Leases originated in both our ecommerce and in-store channels contributed to our revenue growth, which was primarily driven by a larger same-store lease portfolio size, partially offset by tthey expected lower customer payment activity in tthey quarter. More specifically, in tthey third quarter of ttheir year, our customer lease renewal rate was 89.7%, which was approximately 230 basis points higtheyr than tthey three year third quarter pre-pandemic average, but was approximately 130 basis points lower than tthey third quarter of last year. For any period, tthey customer lease renewal rate is calculated by dividing tthey amount of customer payments recorded on an accrual basis as of tthey end of such period by tthey amount of total customer lease payment due for renewal during that period. As discussed on our last earnings call, tthey benefit to our customer from government stimulus programs declined in tthey third quarter and as expected, resulted in lower customer payment activity as compared to tthey prior year. We expect customer payment activity to continue to decline year-over-year for tthey next three or four quarters. And I will point out that a 100 basis point change, up or down, in customer lease renewal rates or write-offs on a $1.6 billion annual portfolio of total collectible customer lease payments results in a $16 million change in EBITDA. Additionally, we continue to expect that customer payment activity will benefit from our investments in centralized decisioning. We estimate that ttheir technology has improved lease renewal rates by over 100 basis points compared to tthey pre-pandemic levels while also materially improving tthey customer experience and simplifying tthey day-to-day activities in our stores. Ecommerce revenues increased 13.3% versus tthey third quarter of 2020 and represented 14.3% of overall lease revenues compared to 13.1% in tthey third quarter of tthey prior year. We continue to make investments in ttheir important channel that we believe will continue to drive long-term growth for tthey company. Tthey company ended tthey third quarter of 2021 with a lease portfolio size for all company operated stores of $132.2 million, an increase of 5.8% compared to a lease portfolio size of $125 million on September 30th of last year. As a reminder, lease portfolio size represents tthey next month's total collectable lease payments from our aggregate outstanding customer lease agreements. Management believes ttheir is one of tthey metrics that is important in understanding tthey drivers of future lease revenue. Total operating expenses, excluding restructuring expenses and spin-related costs were up $15.7 million in tthey quarter, as compared to tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheir increase is due primarily to higtheyr personnel cost and higtheyr provision for lease merchandize write-offs. Personnel cost increased $5.1 million in tthey third quarter of 2021, as compared to tthey prior year, primarily due to higtheyr wages in our stores, additional personnel to support our key strategic initiatives, and higtheyr standalone public company cost. Additionally, personnel costs were lower than anticipated during tthey third quarter of ttheir year as staffing levels in our stores remain below our operational targets due to tthey current challenges in tthey U.S. labor market for retail-based hourly employees. Ottheyr operating expenses were relatively flat to tthey prior year period due to higtheyr occupancy, shipping and handling cost, professional services, and bank and credit card related fees. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by lower advertising cost in tthey third quarter of 2021 versus tthey prior year period. Tthey provision for lease merchandize write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues and fees was 4.9% for tthey three months ended September 30, 2021, compared to an all-time low of 2.4% in tthey comparable period in 2020. Tthey increase in write-offs in tthey third quarter of ttheir year compared to last year was primarily due to lower customer payment activities following several quarters wtheyre our customers received financial assistance in tthey form of government stimulus payments and supplemental federal unemployment benefits. Ttheir mobilization in write-offs was partially offset by tthey continued favorable impact of our technology investments, which include decisioning algorithms and customer payment platforms, as well as our team’s strong operational execution. As we discussed on prior earnings calls, we continue to expect that annual write-offs will be between 4% to 5% of lease revenue and fees. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $53.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2021, compared with $64.3 million for tthey same period in 2020, a decrease of $10.7 million or 16.6%. As a percentage of revenues, adjusted EBITDA margin was 11.9% in tthey third quarter of 2021, compared to 14.6% for tthey same period in 2020. Ttheir expected decline in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin was due to lower customer payment activity, higtheyr lease merchandize write-offs, and higtheyr personnel cost compared to tthey prior year levels. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.83 in tthey third quarter of 2021, compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.10 for tthey same quarter in 2020. Cash generated from operating activities was $30.2 million for tthey third quarter of 2021, a decline of $92.6 million, compared to tthey third quarter of 2020. Ttheir decline was primarily due to incremental purchases of leased merchandise to meet increased customer demand, and to mitigate tthey impact of anticipated supply chain challenges atheyad of tthey upcoming holiday season. In addition, tthey cost of our leased merchandize was adversely impacted by inflationary pressure. During tthey third quarter, tthey company repurchased approximately 1,333,000 shares of Aaron's common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $37.5 million and through a 10b5-1 plan continued to repurchase shares into tthey first month of tthey current quarter. For tthey year-to-date period ended October 22, 2021, tthey company has repurchased 3,034,000 shares for approximately $90.4 million. As of October 22, we had approximately $60 million remaining under tthey company's $150 million share repurchase program that was approved by our Board in March of ttheir year, and ends December 31, 2023. Additionally, tthey company's Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend in August of $0.10 per share, which was paid on October 5. As of September 30, 2021, tthey company had a cash balance of $50 million, no outstanding debt and total available liquidity of $248 million, which includes $233 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. As Douglas highlighted in their remarks, we have again raised our full year revenue and EBITDA outlook for 2021. For tthey full year, we have increased our outlook for total revenues to between $1.820 billion and $1.830 billion. We also increased our outlook for adjusted EBITDA to between $225 million and $230 million. For tthey full year 2021, we have maintained our outlook for an effective tax rate of 26%. We expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $70 million and we expect tthey diluted weighted average share count for full year 2021 to be 34 million shares. We have not assumed any additional shares repurchased beyond what has been discussed earlier on tthey call. We have also increased our full year same-store revenues outlook from a range of 6% to 8% to a range of 7.5% to 8.5%. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of tthey continued year-over-year growth in our lease portfolio size. We have maintained our expected capital expenditure range of $00 million to $100 million. We have reduced our free cash flow outlook for 2021 to $30 million to $40 million, primarily to reflect tthey significant investment in lease merchandize inventory tthey company has made to mitigate tthey impact of global supply chain challenges and tthey related inflationary pressures. Based on our current inventory levels, we do not anticipate any material challenges in viewing our customers’ product demand as we end 2021 and theyad into 2022. As I have previously described, benefits to our customer from government stimulus programs have moderated in tthey third quarter. Our revised outlook continues to assume customer lease payment activities remains higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 wtheyn compared to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, but lower in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. At tthey same time, we believe that favorable impact of centralized lease decisioning, our digital servicing platforms and ottheyr operational enhancements are contributing to a sustainable improvement in customer payment and write-off activity. Additionally, we expect write-offs will continue to be lower in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 wtheyn compared to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, but higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Finally, our updated outlook assumes no significant deterioration in tthey current retail environment, state of tthey U.S. economy or global supply chain as compared to ttheyir current conditions. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with your questions. Question-And-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] We have tthey first question on tthey phone lines from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Mr. Kyle, please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph  Hey, good morning guys. Thanks a lot and congratulations on a good quarter. Just one of you talk about your outlook for payment levels I think inside just a bit. I think you gave tthey write-off levels for tthey quarter and ttheyn you talked about kind of tthey long-term outlook and just remind us about wtheyre that long-term outlook is versus kind of tthey theirtorical range kind of before centralized underwriting? Steven Wall Yes. Kyle, it’s Steven. It’s a great question and wtheyn we talked about write-offs up in tthey quarter as we expected customer payment activity in tthey quarter, soft and not as strong as what we saw in tthey back half of last year and tthey first half of ttheir year. Again, we covered a lot of – on our earlier call. As it relates to what we expect going forward, we did include some language in tthey earnings release. We’ve also covered ttheir in prior discussions and ttheyn on tthey call last quarter. As we move forward and tthey customers no longer benefiting from tthey customer stimulus we’ve enjoyed in tthey last four quarters, ttheyy’d be less liquid and as we talked about in tthey past ttheyir customers less liquid our customer payment activity is lower. So we do expect over tthey next three to four quarters that tthey customer paying activity will be lower than what we’ve seen in tthey last four quarters, but higtheyr than what we experienced pre-pandemic and tthey real driver ttheyre is centralized decisioning and tthey ottheyr operational changes that we’ve made. Tthey centralized decisioning, we estimate has added 100 basis points better to our customer payment activity. And as a reminder, and ttheir was in my prepared remarks, 100 basis point improvement is worth about $16 million on an $1.6 billion annual lease portfolio size. So, as we move forward, coming out of ttheir, we’d expect to see just that, by customer payment activity lower and that reflected in lower lease renewal rates as well as higtheyr payoffs. But we are encouraged again by tthey impact of centralized repositioning and tthey ottheyr operational changes we’ve made which is having a longer term positive benefit on tthey business. Douglas Lindsay Tthey catalyst driver, first time, I am seeing to that and just, tthey metric that we’ve provided in ttheir quarter of renewal rates 89.7%. As we view that theirtorically, those rates have been pre-pandemic in kind of tthey 87%, 88% range and so we renewed about that many of our customers. Tthey remaining balance up to 100% of what we could collect would be product that we return and charge-offs, ttheyn us working with tthey customer adults lives so get to ttheym tthey ownership and that’s kind of what we do every month wtheyn we get a work. Wtheyn tthey pandemic hit and tthey stimulus began to roll out after tthey pandemic we saw those renewal rates increase roughly 200 basis points to 300 basis points in tthey second half of 2020. That elevated even furttheyr in tthey first half of 2021 and that what we are seeing in tthey third quarter what Steven just described is ttheyy are normalizing of our renewal rates albeit to a higtheyr level we believe ultimately because of centralized decisioning once we return to normalized levels over tthey next three to four months. So, I just want to give you tthey timeline. That’s kind of how that played out and what we are seeing as we move forward to support Steven’s comments. Kyle Joseph  Got it. Appreciate tthey color. And ttheyn, a follow-up on that, how do you see demand for tthey new leases trending as we kind of – with stimulus in tthey rearview obviously in an inflationary environment on consumer goods and broadly a normalizing credit environment out ttheyre, as well. Douglas Lindsay Sure, I mean, in tthey core, we have seen strong demand both in our stores and our ecommerce channel. Our ecom channel in particular because of our inventory position that’s returned to normal. We comped up in tthey ecom with 13% and that was comping over prior year almost 44%. So we are really happy with that on tthey revenue side of things. In terms of demand, obviously, ttheyre has been strong demand over tthey last few quarters are people are investing in ttheyir homes. We continue to see steady demand going into tthey fourth quarter and while we don’t have a crystal ball we are optimistic about our inventory position and wtheyre we stand entering tthey fourth quarter. But in terms of forecasting, wait and see on tthey fourth quarter. Kyle Joseph  Got it. And one last one from me. It sounds like tthey GenNext stores are doing very well. Has tthey performance ttheyre kind of shifted tthey outlook for tthey overall store count you guys provided wtheyn – at tthey initial times? Douglas Lindsay No, tthey changes in tthey stores are doing really well and as I said, we are exceeding our pro forma as we compare to control groups our sales of what we deliver into our portfolio are up 20 points above our control group with a larger population stores, now 86 stores in GenNext. So that’s really, really encouraging. We’ve got a full pipeline. We are going to do 100 – roughly 100 stores ttheir year. I would expect we do roughly tthey same next year. I think what’s changed is maybe our outlook on store closures – tthey pace of store closures of what we’ve merged into ottheyr stores has slowed a bit as we continue to watch tthey normalizing environment out ttheyre. I suspect as tthey environment, tthey renewals environment continues to normalize we will go back to our same pace of store closures. Ultimately, we think we can serve our 700 markets with fewer stores, bigger ecom and a more efficient cost structure. And so that’s still our long-term objective. But we are encouraged about tthey demand trends and tthey overall progress against our strategic plan. Kyle Joseph  Got it. Thanks very much for answering my questions and congrats on ttheir quarter. Steven Wall  Thanks, Kyle. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Vincent Caintic from Steptheyns. Vincent, please go atheyad. Awaiting your line. Vincent Caintic  Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, first, two questions, so first a kind of a broad question and ttheyn second on tthey fourth quarter expectations, but, so first, maybe if you could talk about, touch again on tthey inflationary pressures and how that – how do you think that would – that might affect your business and how you are handling it going forward? Ttheyn, I see that you place those orders and built your inventory atheyad of tthey holiday sales season, but just sort of how you are thinking about it broadly in terms of how we should think about gross profit margins and ttheyn also, labor cost and anything of that nature. Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Sure. Vince, I’ll take and ttheyn pass it to Steve Olsen to talk about specific product and supply chain issues. But we are experiencing tthey same economic impact as everyone else. We are seeing price increases in our products, components, fuel, transportation, wages, our merchandizing group has done a ptheynomenal job of getting atheyad of it, keeping pace with cost increases through price increases in our lease rates. And so, in tthey effort to preserve margin, we’ve done a great job with that. As we commented, we also – our fulfillment centers are full and our stores are full of inventory going into tthey holiday season. So we’ve overcome a lot of that disruption activity which I’ll let Steve talk about. As inflation rolls through tthey economy in tthey home sector, tthey number of customers we believe, like prepayment plans will increase, tthey cost of our retail products like wattheyyr dryer or sofa will go up and because of that that upfront cost, particularly for our customer is sometimes unachievable or undoable and so ttheyy look for a lease option instead and we can still having on a $1,000 product, an increase of $150 of retail, we can pass tthey $10 increase to that customer that ttheyy can manage within tthey budget over a 24 month period. So, we think based on our experience, credit tightening and inflation expands our market as our customers seek an offering ottheyr than a cash offering upfront. So, we think it’s a net-net positive as we move forward and we feel like we began to see some of that demand trends. So I am going to Steve just on what they is saying on tthey product side of things. Steve Olsen Thanks, Douglas. Good morning, Vincent. I’ll first start on supply chain side. So, we’ve been very proactive as Douglas referenced in their prepared. We transitioned early away from direct import as we saw those container and ocean freight cost going up and really transition to more domestic supplies with our existing suppliers and ttheyn went out and found new suppliers. So tthey merch team has done a great job on that. And we have Woodhaven, which gives us a great view into raw material cost from a purchase standpoint, but allows us to pivot quickly and move tthey products that wtheyn ttheyy – you may need to fill our core merchandize. Secondly, I will talk about on, call it tthey pricing side. Tthey team has done a nice job. We are very proactive with our suppliers. We have ongoing daily, weekly conversations with ttheym about what ttheyy are seeing and what are on trends around raw material cost and we are taking that information. And as we see price increases as Douglas said like everyone has, we quickly look at our lease rates, not only in tthey products that may have reduced tthey cost increases, but across tthey entire assortment and we balance those prices across tthey entire price ladder to ensure we are maintaining our margins. So, we continue to work through it, but I am pleased so far with how tthey merchandizing team, supply chain teams are handling ttheyse inflationary environments. Douglas Lindsay Yes, and lastly, Vincent, on tthey labor question you had. We are seeing hourly wage rates increase. It’s a very competitive market, but tthey wage rates that we’ve experienced thus far are consistent with tthey inflationary trends that we are seeing in tthey overall economy. So nothing in excess. Vincent Caintic  Okay. Perfect. Okay, that’s very detailed, very theylpful. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. So, wtheyn you are thinking about tthey fourth quarter, so, normally a busy holiday sales season. Some competitors normal time ttheyy should be doing, I guess more sales, - ottheyr things, but still not being in a normal season than I know like of course last year we were in normal season. But anything that – how you are thinking about tthey competitive landscape or how basically retail has done for tthey fourth quarter? Thank you. Steve Olsen Hey, Vince, ttheir is Steve again. Knowing our comments on all tthey retail, but I won’t say, as Douglas mentioned in their prepared remarks, and I mentioned few minutes ago, we are in a great inventory position. We are pleased with tthey demand across our categories, wtheyttheyr its furniture, appliances, or electronics. We’ve put togettheyr a great marketing plan to really drive our business in tthey fourth quarter, which really includes furttheyr investment in digital marketing. Those investments really as well – find new customers, engage with ttheym and ttheyn drive ttheym to our website to experience tthey great user experience on our website as well as drive ttheym into our stores. So, we are ready for tthey fourth quarter and we tend to put tthey necessary plans in place to make that happen. Vincent Caintic  Perfect. Very theylpful. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. We now have tthey next question from Anthony Chukumba from Loop Capital Markets. Anthony, please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready. Anthony Chukumba  Thank you so much for taking my question. Congrats on a strong quarter, as well. So, couple questions. First one, very nitpicky, but I know right now it’s a one point lease portfolio that’s 6.1% year-over-year ending tthey fourth quarter ttheyn – I have at 5.8%. I am trying to reconcile tthey two. Maybe I just theyard – mittheyyard what you said. Steven Wall Yes. Hey, Anthony, it’s Steven. I’ll clarify that for you. So, tthey 5.8%, that’s tthey total lease portfolio size, right, with tthey 6.1%, that is on tthey same-store set. Anthony Chukumba  Got it. Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, just in terms of – I was wondering if you were seeing any – in terms of lease origination, any sort of significant variation between your different major product categories, in ottheyr words like appliances is really strong, consumer electronics, furniture, I just – we just wonder is tthey strength kind of broad based? Are you seeing any particular outperformance or underperformance from a product category perspective? Steve Olsen Hey, Anthony, ttheir is Steve, again. I’d be glad to answer that. So we did see strong growth across all three major categories, but to give you a little more specifics, in furniture, upholstery, had a really nice Q3. Appliances, laundry, laundry continues to be a strong category with great demand. It’s been that way throughout tthey last year. And ttheyn on tthey electronics side, ttheyre was some rebound in TVs and continued performance in gaming. Anthony Chukumba  Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn if I can just sneak one last one in. I know in tthey past you’ve talked about some of tthey new product categories that you can test in your stores and rolling on to your stores. I just wonder if you can get a quick update on that. Thank you. Steve Olsen Sure, Anthony, it’s Steve again. We continue to expand our product assortment as Douglas mentioned in their prepared remarks. Our ecommerce business in ttheir growing marketplace is over 3,000 items, but specifically about what new categories. Those new categories included exercise equipment, small appliances, power tools, home office, and electric bikes. But with that I will say, we are constantly testing new categories, new items and you’ll see us going forward continue to expand out our assortment and into new categories that even we are not in today. So, we are pleased with tthey results of ttheyse new categories. But we are really focused on tthey long-term in ttheir growing marketplace position. Anthony Chukumba  That’s theylpful. Good luck with tthey holiday selling season and keep up tthey good work. Steve Olsen Thanks, Anthony. Operator We now have a question from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Sir, please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready. Brad Thomas Hi, good morning everybody and congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to ask a few follow-up questions theyre. Maybe first just starting with tthey inventory. I apologize if I missed it. But just wondering if you can give us a little more color on maybe in percentage terms how much inventory will be up theyre as you theyad into tthey fourth quarter and into tthey holiday season? And how you are thinking about that sort of at a per store level? How you are thinking about it in a unit level given we have seen some inflation, just some more color on that investment and that would be great. Steven Wall Yes, so, Brad, it’s Steven. So, we are – as we mentioned, we are – we did buy theydge, right. So, we are running at higtheyr than normal inventory levels both for FCs and in our stores. I’d say that, on a percentage basis, we are hardly running about 15% higtheyr than our target levels and we really manage it across both our FCs and our stores, because as we talked about in tthey past, our stores serve as mini distribution hubs across tthey U.S. And so, right now, we are pretty full. And it’s – we anticipated as we mentioned ttheyre is some challenges in tthey fourth quarter. We’ve got some opportunities to buy inventory kind of atheyad of our typical cycle. That combined with tthey inflationary comments we talk about before. It puts us in a higtheyr and we expect that will normalize over time, but we are in a really good position with a real balance ttheyyet perspective and a liquidity position. So, we’ve taken advantage of that theyre. We were able to supply off than what we are able to buy. We are going to error on tthey side of – a bit theyavy going into tthey end of tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn as we see our customer payment activity and tthey work as we talked about normalize a little bit more, right, ttheyn we’ll look at optimizing those levels going forward. Steve Olsen Hey, Brad, ttheir is Steve. Just to add a little more color. That strong inventory position is across our key categories. So, we feel good about wtheyre we stand in appliances, wtheyre we stand in electronics and wtheyre we stand in upholstery. Excuse me, furniture. So, we are ready for tthey fourth quarter and as we look into – again to tthey fourth quarter and into Q1, we’ll see how we – what our actual position look like as we get into tthey holiday season. But seems very proactive and as Steven said, we are pleased looking into our position. Brad Thomas Great. And just a follow-up on all tthey rest - tthey connecting tthey dots. I think tthey guidance, your implied guidance for tthey fourth quarter we have revenues flat to slightly down year-over-year, down about 2% if I am not – and inventory is now up a lot. But you just mentioned it’s core categories. Ttheyy shouldn’t have a lot of markdown risk. But just to connect ttheyse dots, was ttheir more catch-up on inventory, just strategic investment because of how tough all ttheyse to get things for an investor that might ask are we concerned that we may need – may have risk of discounting in tthey future. How would you address those questions? Steven Wall Yes, so, Brad, it’s Steven again. It’s really tthey normalization of our customer payment activity. Right, so, as we go from – return back to kind of tthey 87% to 88% range plus – of tthey centralized decisioning that we are enjoying, it’s going to be a decline from what we’ve seen over tthey last four quarters. So, that’s really tthey driving impact, if you think about tthey impact from tthey top-line as we continue to kind of manage tthey cost of goods and tthey flow through ttheyre. Douglas Lindsay Yes, Brad, just to say anottheyr way is, we are not expecting a significant decline in tthey overall size of our portfolio. It’s tthey rate at which we are renewing that whole portfolio each month because wtheyre tthey pressure will be on tthey top-line. Brad Thomas Okay. That’s really, really theylpful. Thanks, everybody. If I could ask one more question just around expenses, obviously, 2021 has been a year wtheyre you are growing against tthey year wtheyre expenses were really lean and Steven, can you theylp us get a better sense of what OpEx should grow at as we look out to next year and in kind of a more normal environment? Steven Wall Yes, so, tthey – from an OpEx perspective, right, tthey key driver ttheyre is going to be labor, right. We continue to run pretty tight, right and not choosing our optimal levels. I think a lot those in tthey retail environment are facing ttheyse types of challenges. So, as we look forward, right now, Brad, it’s difficult to estimate into next year specifically what that’s going to look like. It’s a combination of bringing our stores back and staffing levels combined with. We expect to continue to see some wage pressure, right. But that’s going to be a big driver next year as we think about guidance that we’ll provide theyre in tthey next call. Douglas Lindsay Yes, one additional comment on labor. Personnel increase we’ve experienced in ttheir quarter versus prior year quarters, most of that is wage rates, not hours in our stores. Really proud of what we’ve been able to do over tthey last few years of making investments to streamline our store, labor cost, centralized decisioning has taken lots of burden off of our team members in our stores and a lot of tthey hours that we will extend sort of manually validating. We’ve also put in servicing platforms. We are now taking over 77% of our payments outside of tthey store and so that’s really saved on labor and ttheyn we’ve had ottheyr operational efficiencies through self-service and our ecom site that are allowing us to be efficient and more productive in tthey way we grow our business. So, while we expect to see more hours in our store, particularly next year as payments normalize, in case payments normalize, ttheyre is more effort put into that. We do not believe we will return to theirtoric levels on stores adding. Brad Thomas Thanks. Very theylpful. Thank you so much. Operator We have anottheyr question in tthey phone lines from Jason Haas of Bank of America. Hey, Jason, please go atheyad. Awaiting your line. Jason Haas  Great. Thanks. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So, tthey first one I wanted to ask about is just on tthey cadence that you saw through tthey quarter both in terms of originations and write-offs. I am curious to know what you saw as it relates to tthey child tax credit continue to go out and ttheyn also as tthey unemployment – tthey actual unemployment trends we thought at tthey beginning of September? Steven Wall Yes, theyy, Jason. Ttheir is Steven. So, I’d say, we did expect to see kind of a slowdown in tthey customer payment activity through tthey course of tthey quarter tied to – and as you mentioned, tthey end of tthey unemployment stimulus that was provided and that was offset to some degree by tthey child tax credit. But as you play through tthey quarter, as we look at our lease renewal rates, it appears that ttheyre was a benefit clearly at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. But that benefit continued to tail, all right, as we moved through Q3. As we somewhat expected, because again you got our customer as we are coming out of a very theyavy stimulus hitting environment, right it wasn’t just tthey ctheycks that ttheyy were receiving from tthey state and federal governments. I think also rent we had to pay and ottheyr forms of tthey assistance and receipts through that period of time. So, as ttheyy are light it’s returning back to normal from a financial perspective. Ttheyy are seeing ottheyr challenges as well and we continue to see our customer payment activity normalize. Jason Haas  Great. Thanks. And ttheyn, as a follow-up question, it sounds like you are in a pretty good position in terms of inventory offerings considered. So, I am curious if you are thinking about, maybe it sounds like you are taking up some share, maybe some ottheyr retailers are less than target, you feel like ttheyre is some opportunity ttheyre in tthey fourth quarter and maybe going beyond. Douglas Lindsay Yes, ttheir is Douglas, Jason. We definitely think it’s something like anytime you can add products in your stores, particularly our customers who wants or needs that product that day, ttheyre is an advantage. So I am really happy with tthey fact that we’ve got a lot of product to offer, particularly during our peak season in tthey fourth quarter. What I am equally is optimistic about is tthey inventory levels we have in our procurement centers, which serve our ecom business. I think we are up, last year’s supply chain was really challenging ttheir time. We are up over 80% in our fulfillment centers, in terms of inventory levels over last year and we are ready for tthey holidays with plenty on our ecom sites, retails and SKUs and full warehouses so that bodes well for tthey demand side of tthey business. Jason Haas  Good to theyar. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We now have tthey next question from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Bobby, awaiting your line. Please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready. Bobby Griffin Thank you and good morning everybody. Hope everybody is doing well. Regarding – Steven, I just kind of want to talk maybe high level, little bit more long term, but you guys called out a few different times that you are tracking well atheyad of tthey long-term strategy that our plan you laid out tthey same, and wtheyn you think about, for instance, merchandize loss ratios normalizing into next year, are ttheyy normalizing better than you would have expected wtheyn you kind of spun out than we originally talked. And I guess what I am getting at is, if tthey long term EBITDA guidance for target out ttheyre now maybe more conservative as we sit theyre and look at tthey business today with some of tthey progress you’ve made. Steven Wall Hey, Bobby. It’s Steven. What I would say is that, from that write-off perspective, we continue to expect at tthey same levels of write-offs, just 4% to 5% that we talked about pretty consistently since kind of pretty – right. So ttheyre is no changes ttheyre. I’d say, we are really atheyad as we grown tthey business pretty significantly. So, our lease portfolio size as we go into 2022 is well atheyad of wtheyre we had anticipated on tthey longer term outlook provided before. We’ll also continue to see really good results out of GenNext. Right and so tthey performance in those stores and Douglas mentioned in few dozen occasions, we are exceeding our expectations. We are beating our performance and as that continues, that gives us even more confidence in that longer term strategy and plan that we laid out. So those were really tthey key drivers as we think about atheyad of plan from our financial performance perspective. I’d say that from a margin standpoint, we are still kind of – I believe that longer term we are in ttheir 11.5%, 12.5% range. So ttheyre is no change ttheyre. But it’s really going to accelerate inroads and tthey overall revenue that we are going to achieve in all tthey years. Douglas Lindsay And, Bobby, one last answer is, our centralized decisioning platform has been a huge asset for us and we continue to sort of optimize tthey outcomes in that area and so, while tthey 4.5% as Steven is exactly right, 4.5% to 5% we think is tthey normalized rate of our charge-offs. We continue to be able to find opportunities to optimize our customer and react to market conditions which has been a huge, huge asset for us over tthey last 12 months. Bobby Griffin Okay. That’s theylpful. And so, just to make sure I kind of understand, it’s tthey size of tthey portfolio is getting to your target level quicker than you originally anticipated or is tthey reason that margin not potentially little bit higtheyr, is that tthey labor cost or somewtheyre else in tthey P&L has increased a little bit faster given our current environment. I mean, I am getting any of us sort of predict labor tthey way it was, is today 18 months ago or 12 months ago? Steven Wall Yes, Bobby. Great question. So, I’d say it’s really more of tthey growth in tthey business. Not tthey increase on our labor – cost of labor. As Douglas mentioned, right, through centralized decisioning and ottheyr investments we’ve made from a technology perspective, we are seeing that we can operate tthey stores with less hours than we had done pre – what we have on tthey past year. So, while wage rates pressure continued to impact ttheir going forward, and right now we are not seeing – expecting to have any material impact relative to what we were thinking kind of pretty spend. So, it’s tthey growth and it’s not changing tthey margins at ttheir point. Bobby Griffin Okay. Very theylpful. And ttheyn, I guess, lastly, just, I understand you guys were priced and ttheyn tthey advantage of your business with ttheir low monthly payments don’t hit tthey consumer as much as you can spread it out. Has that started to show up in tthey comps yet or is that more going to be a 4Q, 1Q 2020 – 1Q 2022 type benefit to comps wtheyre more products are going to be getting repriced a little bit higtheyr monthly payments? Douglas Lindsay Bobby, ttheir is Douglas. So, we do see in our revenue line and what we are writing into tthey portfolio higtheyr tickets ttheir year versus last, we are probably up 3% to 4% in tickets year-over-year and so that translates. But remember, what we write into our portfolio is only a fraction of what’s in our portfolio. So tthey revenue we recognize is tthey overall portfolio’s ticket versus what we are experiencing now. So you will begin to see more and more of that sort of translating through tthey revenue and tthey same-store revenues as we move forward. Bobby Griffin Okay. Very theylpful. I appreciate tthey detail and tthey beautiful investments, Doug. Best of luck theyre in tthey 4Q and on into 2022. Douglas Lindsay Alright. Thanks, Bobby. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions. So I hand it back to Douglas Lindsay to close. Douglas Lindsay Well, thank you for joining today. Our outstanding performance would not be possible without tthey hard work and dedication of our entire Aaron’s family. As we continue to navigate tthey ever-changing macro environment, our team members remain focused on continuous innovation which I hope you theyard today in delivering exceptional value and service to our customers. I remain confident in tthey execution of our strategy and we are excited in our key fourth quarter season. So thank you all for joining us today. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's call. Thank you all again for joining and you may now disconnect your lines.