Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Keith Hancock - Senior Director of Corporate Affairs Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steve Olsen - President Harold Wall - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Jason Haas - Bank of America Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Securities Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Operator Good morning. My name is Charlie, and I'll be tthey conference operator today. At ttheir time, I'd like to welcome everybody to tthey Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call for Aaron's Company. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Hancock, you may begin your conference. Keith Hancock Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Company's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, our Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, our President; and Harold Wall, our Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued yesterday afternoon. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including forward-looking statements related to our financial performance outlook for 2022. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021, and ottheyr subsequent periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risk related to our business that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted to our website. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Tthey Aaron's Company. Today, we are pleased to report consolidated company results for tthey first time since our acquisition of BrandsMart U.S.A., which closed on April 1. As a result of tthey acquisition, consolidated revenues increased in tthey second quarter. BrandsMart is off to a strong start and we are encouraged by tthey performance of ttheir new business segment. In tthey second quarter, tthey Aaron's business faced a challenging economic environment. As high inflation put significant financial pressure on tthey lower income customer that we serve. With gas, food and housing prices rising, more of our customers' income is needed to cover ttheyse basic necessities. Making less available for leasing new merchandise or renewing lease agreements. Customer demand and payment activity progressively worsened through tthey quarter, leading tthey second quarter revenues, earnings and earnings per share for tthey Aaron's business coming in lower than prior year quarter and below our expectations. In light of ttheyse trends, we now expect additional pressure on tthey company's financial performance in tthey back half of tthey year. And as a result, we have lowered our 2022 outlook. We have already taken a number of actions to optimize performance and reduce expenses in light of tthey changing market conditions. We have reduced operating expenses and staffing levels in our Aaron stores and store support center. We have announced tthey closure of one of our corporate office locations. And we plan to close and consolidate additional Aaron stores by year end. Also, we have reduced inventory purchases to align with current demand trends. Despite tthey challenging macroeconomic environment, we remain confident in tthey resiliency of tthey Aaron's business. Since 1955, our business model has repeatedly proven that it can withstand economic downturns, thanks to tthey loyalty of our more than 1 million active customers, who count on us to be ttheyre for ttheym wtheyn times are tough. We are leveraging our deep expertise and our strong relationships in tthey communities we serve to navigate ttheir challenging environment. Furttheyr, we believe that tthey investments we've made over tthey past five years to transform tthey Aaron's business are allowing us to provide our customers with even better service and greater value. For example, our lease decisioning platforms enable us to optimize our lease origination activity. We've already tightened lease decisioning in response to tthey declining customer payment trends, and we will continue to monitor our portfolio performance and assess our lease approval rates as tthey economic landscape evolves. Meanwhile, our innovations in our e-commerce channels and our GenNext program allows us to meet our customers wtheyre ttheyy prefer to shop, wtheyttheyr in a beautiful Aaron store or online. We remain very encouraged by tthey growth of our e-commerce channels and tthey high performance of our GenNext store strategy, and we will continue to invest in ttheyse initiatives. We will also continue to invest in BrandsMart, which we believe is tthey low price leader and retailer of choice for appliances and consumer electronics in tthey markets we serve. Ttheir new segment performed well in tthey second quarter, exceeding our internal expectations and increasing our optimism about tthey additional value creation opportunities available through ttheir acquisition. Togettheyr with our strong balance ttheyyet and liquidity, we believe that our focus on innovation in tthey Aaron's and BrandsMart businesses will enable us to continue delivering a market leading value proposition to a large and diversifying customer base and will position us for future growth. Now, I'd like to welcome Steve Olsen our President to discuss tthey operational performance of both Aaron's and BrandsMart, before Harold Wall provides additional details on our financial performance. Steve Olsen Thank you, Douglas. I want to begin by extending a warm welcome to our BrandsMart team members. I've truly enjoyed working with all of you over tthey last several months and I'm excited about building tthey future togettheyr. I also want to thank our team members across Aaron's, Woodhaven and BrandsMart for your focus and commitment on customer service, continued innovation and winning in tthey marketplace. Your efforts have been outstanding. As Douglas mentioned, Tthey Aaron's business faced challenges in tthey second quarter, due to inflationary and ottheyr economic pressures on our customers. Customer demand was volatile in tthey first quarter. And as we discussed in tthey last earnings call, we saw choppiness in April. That trend continued and beginning in mid-May progressively worsened through tthey quarter. Likewise, lease renewal rates declined in tthey second quarter beyond tthey originally anticipated normalization. While performing above pre-pandemic levels through early May, we began to see deterioration in lease renewal rates as tthey quarter progress. In tthey second quarter, our customer lease renewal rate was 88.5% for our company operated Aaron's stores, compared to 92.4% in tthey government's stimulus aided second quarter of 2021. We also experienced higtheyr lease merchandise returns, an increase in charge offs, which Harold will discuss in a few minutes. Tthey lower customer demand combined with higtheyr charge off and higtheyr lease merchandise returns led to a decline in tthey lease portfolio size. We ended tthey second quarter with a lease portfolio size for all company operated Aaron's stores of $130.8 million, a decrease of 1.5%, as compared to tthey prior year quarter. On a positive note in tthey Aaron's business, we continue to see strong momentum in our e-commerce channel and GenNext store strategy. E-commerce remains a key customer acquisition channel -- revenue driver for tthey Aaron's business. We have continued to improve our digital marketing strategies, enhance online shopping experience and expand tthey product assortment offered on aarons.com. Ttheyse efforts are attracting more customers and improving our conversion rates leading to a 28.9% increase in e-commerce lease originations in tthey second quarter versus tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir increase in e-commerce lease origination led to a 4% growth in e-commerce revenues in tthey second quarter of 2022, as compared to tthey second quarter of 2021. Also, ttheir important channel continues to represent an increasing percentage of our total lease revenues. In tthey second quarter, e-commerce represented 15.4% of total lease revenues, up from a 13.9% in tthey second quarter of 2021. Now shifting to our GenNext strategy. Ttheir strategy continues to deliver meaningful financial performance through tthey transformation of our in-store customer experience and operating model. In tthey second quarter, we continue to see lease originations in our GenNext stores open less than one year grow at a rate of more than 20% higtheyr than our average legacy stores. In tthey quarter, we opened 36 GenNext locations, bringing our total to 171 company operated GenNext stores, which now account for more than 17.4% of revenues, up from 6.7% in tthey second quarter last year. As we discussed in tthey last earning call, we remain committed to ttheir important strategy and look forward to adding approximately 45 more GenNext locations ttheir year. Turning to tthey BrandsMart business. BrandsMart is a value-oriented retailer with a wide assortment of competitive prices that appeal to a loyal customer base across tthey entire credit spectrum. In each market we serve, BrandsMart has knowledgeable salespeople, strong brand awareness and an establittheyyd local delivery and service network. Each of our 10 BrandsMart stores offers nearly 15,000 items an average store size of approximately 100,000 square feet. In tthey second quarter, BrandsMart delivered $181.4 million in revenues. Ttheir strong performance was primarily driven by higtheyr average ticket, revenue growth in appliances and double-digit growth in e-commerce. Also, as we described last quarter, one of tthey key synergies for tthey BrandsMart acquisition is to implement in-house lease-to-own solution. I am pleased to report that we have successfully launctheyd our new BrandsMart leasing product in tthey second quarter, which has replaced tthey lease-to-own solution previously provided by a third-party. Our customers and team members are excited about BrandsMart leasing, which brings a faster and improved customer experience. While our new solution represents a small portion of tthey BrandsMart business today, we are excited about ttheir opportunity and believe it has significant growth potential in tthey future. In addition to our lease-to-own solution, we remain focused on capturing ottheyr key synergies and investing in people, process and technology for growth opportunities following tthey BrandsMart acquisition. Ttheyse include: leverage tthey buying power of our combined company to reduce our product costs; expand tthey product assortment offered on aarons.com; grow tthey BrandsMart e-commerce channel and open new BrandsMart stores in adjacent markets. With that, I would like to hand over tthey call to Harold. Harold Wall Thank you, Steve. As we detailed in tthey recently filed second quarter 10-Q. In addition to tthey consolidated company, we are now reporting on two business segments: tthey Aaron's Business and BrandsMart. Tthey Aaron's business segment includes tthey company operated Aaron stores, tthey aaron's.com e-commerce platform, Aaron's franctheire operations, BrandsMart leasing and Woodhaven, our furniture manufacturing operations. Tthey BrandsMart segment includes our 10 BrandsMart U.S.A. retail stores and tthey Brandsmartusa.com platform. Tthey two business segments are not burdened by unallocated corporate expenses, which include, but are not limited to equity-based compensation, restructuring, separation and acquisition related costs, interest expense and certain ottheyr corporate functions. For all prior year periods, I will discuss, we have adjusted tthey financial results presented to align with tthey new reportable segments. Consolidated total revenues in tthey second quarter of 2022 were $610.4 million, compared with $467.5 million for tthey second quarter of 2021, an increase of 30.6%. Ttheir year-over-year increase was primarily due to tthey BrandsMart acquisition, which was offset by lower revenues at tthey Aaron's business. Gross profit was $293.1 million in tthey quarter, $1.5 million lower than tthey prior year quarter. Tthey decline was primarily due to tthey lower revenues at Tthey Aaron's business offset by tthey addition of BrandsMart, which was not included in tthey prior year period. Gross profit margin was also lower year-over-year, primarily due to tthey acquisition of BrandsMart, which operates at a lower gross profit margin in tthey Aaron's business. Our consolidated operating expenses for tthey second quarter of 2022 were higtheyr than 2021, due to increases in personnel expense, ottheyr operating expense and tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs. Personnel cost increased $8.8 million in tthey second quarter, as compared to tthey prior year, primarily due to tthey addition of BrandsMart. Ttheir was partially offset by lower performance-based incentive compensation at both tthey Aaron's business and within functions included in unallocated corporate expenses. Total ottheyr operating expenses excluding restructuring expenses, spin related costs and acquisition related costs increased $22.3 million in tthey quarter, as compared to tthey prior year period. Ttheir increase is primarily tthey result of tthey acquisition of BrandsMart and higtheyr occupancy, shipping and handling and ottheyr miscellaneous expenses at tthey Aaron's business, which was partially offset by lower advertising cost at tthey Aaron's business. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter of 2022was $48.1 million, compared with $65.3 million for tthey same period in 2021. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 7.9%, compared to 14% last year. Ttheir decline in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to tthey decline in adjusted EBITDA at tthey Aaron's business, offset by tthey addition of BrandsMart and lower unallocated corporate costs. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.79, compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.05 in tthey same quarter in 2021. EPS for ttheir year's second quarter includes a deferred income tax benefit of $0.15 per share, which was generated by tthey remeasurement of state deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with tthey BrandsMart acquisition. Free cash flow was $3.7 million, a decrease of $20 million year-over-year. Ttheir decline was primarily due to changes in working capital and higtheyr capital expenditures in tthey current year quarter, partially offset by lower purchases of lease merchandise. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey company had a cash balance of $28.2 million and total debt of $310.3 million. Total liquidity including availability under our revolving credit facility was $273.4 million at June 30. During tthey quarter, we paid a quarterly cash dividend and purchased 254,000 shares of tthey company's common stock. Turning to tthey business segment. At tthey Aaron's business, total revenues in tthey quarter were $430.2 million, compared to $467.5 million for tthey second quarter of 2021, a decrease of 8%. Ttheir decline was primarily due to tthey lower lease revenues, which we attribute to tthey lower customer payment activity Steve discussed earlier. Same-store revenues were down 6.7% in tthey quarter, compared to an increase of 11.2% for tthey prior year quarter. Operating expenses at tthey Aaron's business increased $8 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey prior year period. Higtheyr ottheyr operating expenses and provision for lease merchandise write-offs were partially offset by lower personnel expenses. Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-off as a percentage of lease revenues and fees for tthey second quarter was 5.7%, compared to 2.9% in tthey prior year period. Ttheir increase in tthey provision expense was primarily due to a higtheyr frequency of charged off lease agreements and an increase in tthey average net book value of tthey lease merchandise that was charged off. Both of which have been impacted by tthey current high inflationary environment. Additionally, tthey increase in write-off percentage was impacted by tthey lower lease revenues in tthey quarter. In tthey second quarter of 2022, adjusted EBITDA for tthey Aaron's business was $48 million, compared with $78.6 million for tthey same period in 2021. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 11.2%, compared to 16.8% last year. At BrandsMart, retail sales in tthey second quarter of 2022 were $181.4 million, which is approximately 7% lower than tthey same quarter of tthey prior year. Ttheir expected decline was due primarily to tthey normalization of customer demand following a strong second quarter in 2021, which we believe benefited from last year's government stimulus. We are not currently providing a same-store sales comp percentage given that all BrandsMart U.S.A. stores have been opened for more than 13-months. Gross profit excluding a non-cash inventory fair value adjustment related to tthey acquisition was $45.9 million or 25.3% of retail sales. In tthey second quarter of 2022, adjusted EBITDA for BrandsMart was $10.5 million. Yesterday, we issued our second quarter earnings release, which includes tthey full detail of our updated 2022 outlook. Ttheir lower outlook reflects our expectation that tthey current high inflationary environment will continue to adversely impact customer demand, lease portfolio size, lease renewal rates, tthey provision for lease merchandise write-off and ottheyr company expenses. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator, who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Kyle, your line is now open. Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Harold, you touctheyd on it. I've been getting a lot of questions on kind of tthey -- on tthey write-off side, but in auto finance, you talked about tthey frequency and tthey severity, but can you give us a sense for how both of those are changing? Harold Wall Yes. Happy to Kyle. So in tthey quarter, [Technical Difficulty] was 5.7% and of that, tthey majority of that was tthey count that increased that. So I'm going to bridge you actually from last year to ttheir year, it's going to be very beneficial to theylp you understand ttheir. So we were at 2.9% last year, 5.7% ttheir year, about a 157 basis points or so is tthey frequency, right? Tthey rest is tthey increase in tthey net book value, as well as tthey increase in tthey reserve for that period as well, because given higtheyr amount of charge-offs we're seeing towards tthey end of Q2 and how that's continued into Q3. We're obviously reserving for those future anticipated write-offs as well. So it's a combination of those three things, which are -- have led to tthey year-over-year increase. Kyle Joseph Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey demand side, obviously, we recognize tthey macro environment, but do you think some of it was -- you saw a bit of a pull forward in ‘20 and ’21 in terms of demand with tthey stimulus out ttheyre and kind of stay at home. And just kind of how -- it's a crystal ball question and it's difficult in ttheir macro environment, but like how quickly would you anticipate demand recovering? And would you see any catalyst for that? Douglas Lindsay Kyle, it's Douglas. I mean, think you're exactly right. On ’20 and ’21, ttheyre was a lot of liquidity in tthey market, lot of folks had money and we're making retail purchases and entering into more leases. I mean, right now we're in a really unique market environment. As we said in our comments, we've seen deterioration beyond normalization and demand and in customer payments. That is primarily focused on tthey Aaron's business, and I just want to be clear on that, which serves a lower income customer as opposed to BrandsMart, which has customers across tthey credit spectrum, wtheyre we're seeing in BrandsMart more of normalization, not deterioration beyond normalization. Ttheyre is no doubt and it's widely publicized, you know, low income is under pressure, gas, food, housing, less liquidity to buy large items for tthey household, but also struggling to pay ttheyir bills. We've mentioned and Steve said in their prepared remarks customer demand and payment activity progressively worsened in tthey Aaron's business through tthey quarter. As you recall in our Q1 earnings call, we say customer demand was volatile in tthey first quarter as we had resurgence of COVID, ttheyn a delayed tag season, ttheyn we saw choppiness going to April. I would say, as we look forward, we are assuming a run rate of demand that's similar to what we're experiencing now in our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. And we would also say that tthey trend that we saw in lease renewal rates beginning in mid-May that progressively worsened through tthey end of June, that trend would continue as well and we would consider that beyond normalization. Encouragingly, we have been utilizing tthey investments we've made over tthey past five years to adjust to ttheir macro environment. We have centralized lease decisioning, we've been tightening lease decisioning that is going to have an impact on tthey demand side of tthey business a bit, as we're tightening and managing, setting tthey customer for success and sizing tthey right size deal for ttheyir ability to pay, but we are encouraged by that. But our outlook reflects all those pressures in tthey back half of tthey year. I'd be remiss, if I didn't mention our e-commerce business that despite ttheyse demand trends has been a strong point for us. E-comm grew in tthey quarter and sales really what we put into tthey portfolio by 28% and that's coming off of a 21% growth in tthey first quarter, so that's positive. Last thing I would say on ttheir demand environment and renewal environment is inflation is also putting pressure on our cost structure. We have been purchasing items at a higtheyr cost than theirtorically, but we've been able to pass that cost on to our customer. Our average ticket is up little over 8% in tthey quarter and we've been preserving tthey margin we're writing into our portfolio through cost increases, which our customer has been taking, so tthey customer has been taking tthey cost increases, but we're seeing that dynamic with pull forward to demand and less liquidity impacting us right now. Kyle Joseph Very theylpful. That's it for me. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Haas of Bank of America. Jason, your line is now open. Jason Haas Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Tthey first one was curious if you're starting to get any -- theyy, good morning. Are you seeing any form of trade down in tthey Aaron's business in terms of -- we typically think in terms of wtheyn we go into an economic downturn that you'll start to see credit tightening above you, which could pushing people into lease-to-own. I'm also curious with all tthey inflation folks are seeing if that's causing people to need to use lease-to-own more? And if not yet, any thoughts as to wtheyttheyr that could be positive in tthey coming quarters? Douglas Lindsay Yes. Hey, Jason, it's Douglas. It's tough to gauge right now. We are definitely keeping an eye on it. Should interest rates continue to rise and access to credit get restricted in tthey future. We believe tthey market for lease-to-own will expand. I think we've said before in a normalized environment, and I would say ttheir is a very unique moment that we're in right now, but in a normalized environment, we believe that inflationary increases would have tthey customer looking for smaller payments on big ticket items. But we are continuing to monitor that to -- first of all, we're not in a normal environment. And secondly, we have not begun to see customer trading down with tthey credit any kind of credit tightening or interest rate pressure. We're following external data on that and clearly have our ears to tthey ground to see if that is happening in tthey marketplace. In addition, we have tthey ability to look into our internal data in tthey Aaron's business to see if we're seeing higtheyr credit scores entering our space, as well as via composition of our new customers. So while we haven't seen it, we're watching carefully and monitoring going forward. Jason Haas Thanks. Good to theyar. And ttheyn as a follow-up, Douglas also for you, just you -- I think you mentioned it briefly about tthey store closure strategy. I know that was a topic following tthey spin-off to try to, I guess, grow EBITDA on lower revenue. So I'm curious if you're starting to kind of dust off that playbook a little bit more and look back into that? And ttheyn alongside to that I'm also curious, are we still -- should we still expect a BrandsMart store opening next year and one to two per year ttheyreafter? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Just on tthey GenNext strategy, as you recall at tthey time of our spin, we had articulated a strategy wtheyre we were going to reduce tthey number of stores and serve as tthey same markets that we serve now with fewer stores and bigger e-comm. With tthey strength of stimulus-driven economy over tthey last two years, we had pulled back as our stores and tthey markets was a surge in demand and we just didn’t think it was prudent at tthey time. While tthey pace of store closures has been slower, we are beginning to revert back to our closed merge strategy in tthey second half of ttheir year. And I noted that in my comments about store closures in tthey back half of tthey year. We expect to close stores, but it's important to note those stores will be a closed mergers. We're just getting more efficient in tthey market. We have tthey benefit of a recurring revenue business wtheyre we can port our portfolio of leases into anottheyr store, reduce our cost structure and drive profitability in those markets. And with our e-comm platform and our digital servicing platforms, we can service those customers very efficiently. We have many customers making payments interacting with us outside of physical visits to tthey store, so that's encouraging. We believe fewer more profitable stores is an efficient way to run tthey business and will assess market-by-market, wtheyre we'll actually be physically repositioning a store versus just merging customers into an existing store. Importantly, and we said ttheir at tthey time of tthey spin, we believe tthey strategy frees up working capital will theylp us drive earnings and create stronger cash flow in tthey business. Yes in terms of BrandsMart [Multiple Speakers], I’ll let Steve take that question. Yes, I'll let Steve take that. Steve Olsen Yes. Good morning. Ttheir is Steve. As we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we see opening a BrandsMart store one to two year as a key growth strategy for tthey business. And with that, say, as we stand right now, we're early in tthey process, we're doing our market research both on tthey customer, both on tthey competitive positioning in ttheyse adjacent markets and we still believe that and hope to open tthey store next year. Jason Haas Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you, Jason. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of Truist Securities. Scot, your line is now open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, Scot Ciccarelli. So your renewal rate ended tthey quarter at 88.5%, but deteriorate throughout tthey quarter. Can you guys give us any idea what tthey exit rate was? And is that what you're anticipating for tthey back half of tthey year? Harold Wall Yes, Scot. Hey, it's Harold. So you may recall in prior calls, we've kind of outlined that our -- for tthey full-year, kind of, pre-pandemic, our renewal rates are between 87% and 89% typically in a normal period, tthey back half of tthey year would be about 100 basis points lower than that. And what we're seeing right now as we exited Q2 and in tthey early parts of Q3, what we're anticipating is through tthey back half of tthey year we're going to be about 100 basis points to 150 basis points lower than our pre-pandemic levels. So that puts us lower than wtheyre we kind of average for tthey quarter, but can give you a bit of a guide for tthey rest of tthey year? Scot Ciccarelli Very theylpful. And ttheyn can you guys provide also some color just regarding how much you're tightening your approval process? And maybe, Harold, however you think about in terms of impacting tthey portfolio growth rate? Douglas Lindsay Yes. Hey, Scott, ttheir is Douglas. I'll talk about tthey tightening. As we communicated, we're now -- and I think we've previously said that we're now decisioning tthey vast majority of our customers through centralized decisioning both on our stores and in our e-comm channels. Really what we're trying to do ttheyre is score our customer to size ttheyir lease and aligned ttheyir payment amount so ttheyy pay to us, ttheyir ability to pay. And we think that model is predictive and slopes outcomes very well. We've adjusted our model over tthey course of tthey last six months or really over tthey last 12-months to adapt to ttheir ever evolving environment. We expect our lease approval rates to be about 5% lower than ttheyy were last year at ttheir time, at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2021. And that tightening of decisioning is reflected in our full-year outlook. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay. Thank you very much, guys. Douglas Lindsay Yes. Harold Wall Thank you, Scot. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Anthony, your line is now open. Anthony Chukumba Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, I know theirtorically basically, you’ve sort of guided lease merchandise write-off rate in tthey 4% to 6% range. I guess my first question is based on your updated guidance for 2022, what is tthey implied? I guess, lease merchandise write-off rate still sort of in that 4% to 6% range? Is it a little bit higtheyr given ttheir, sort of, unprecedented macroeconomic environment that we're in right now? Harold Wall Yes. Hey, Anthony. It's Harold. Listen, I think given like you said, we're in a pretty unique situation theyre right now. Our view is that we are going to be higtheyr for tthey full-year relative to what we had provided before. Our current thinking right now is that for tthey full-year 2022, between 6% and 7% and that's tthey lease write-offs as a percentage of lease revenue. Anthony Chukumba Okay. Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just one real quick housekeeping question and I apologize if ttheir is in tthey 10-Q and I just don't know how I missed it. Can you just give store numbers for tthey Aaron's business for company operating franctheire stores? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Anthony. It’s Douglas theyre. Company-owned stores is 1,060 stores and our franctheire stores are 234 four stores at tthey end of tthey quarter. Anthony Chukumba Got it. Thank you so much. Harold Wall You’re welcome. Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Bobby, your line is now open. Bobby Griffin Yes. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess my first question really is more just kind of high level on your end market and kind of tthey space itself, but tthey space has gone through a wide variety of economic cycles. But why do you think it's performing differently ttheir one? In terms of being able to control tthey write-offs or tthey GMV side of tthey business or anything like that? Why exactly think ttheir one's finding it tougtheyr to manage through than prior cycles we did during tthey rent-to-own space? Harold Wall Yes, Bobby, it's interesting. Ttheir is a unique period of time, we're seeing different market conditions and we've experienced in tthey past. If you look back to wtheyn we've seen credit tightening in tthey past, certainly it's been decades since we’re seeing inflation like ttheir, but like our most recent data point on credit tightening, I would say, would be tthey 2008, 2009 period. Credit scores during that time decreased during tthey recession and our market expanded, which is what we would expect. Same-store revenue during that time did increase as that market expanded due to tthey macroeconomic conditions, but we also had a lot of unit expansion going on at tthey time. I would say today we've got much better analytics to be able to deal with that and we've got much better touch points with tthey customer. What's different? Ttheir pull forward in demand right now did not proceed tthey financial crisis back ttheyn and so that is different. Unemployment was also a lot higtheyr back ttheyn and inflation is a lot higtheyr now. So we've got some different things happening at tthey same time. And as we said, that's putting a lot of pressure on our customer, tthey pull forward or not. Shopping as much as you're theyaring from ottheyr retailer and ttheyir ability to pay is a little bit more challenge. We've reflected all of those dynamics in our full-year guidance and we'll continue to assess as we move forward. Bobby Griffin Okay. Appreciate that. And ttheyn I guess lastly to switch over to BrandsMart, you know, I think you mentioned was down on a quarter-over-quarter. I mean, year-over-year basis around 7% mid single-digits. Was that pretty stable throughout tthey quarter? And is that kind of trend theyld up or we can get a good feel that, that business isn't as volatile as what's going on in tthey ottheyr side of tthey leas-to-own business? Steve Olsen Hey, Bobby, it's Steve. I'll be glad to answer that. If you kind of break down tthey quarter on sales, I would say it did pretty much hold up throughout tthey quarter, even to tthey point wtheyre we saw some nice improving trends through tthey recent holiday promotions both in May and in June, leading up to July 4. So we’re excited about tthey business, we're optimistic about tthey trends. But tthey strong management team, tthey growth in appliances that we saw throughout Q2 was very promising. And we're excited about wtheyre we think we can take tthey e-commerce business and wtheyre tthey future trends hold. Bobby Griffin Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bobby. I'd say we're very encouraged about BrandsMart, tthey growth opportunities and value creation opportunities. Just one last word on Aaron's, we're in a unique market situation right now. What's encouraging for me is we have long tenured operators, who have been through many cycles and have worked with our customers at a local level through market disruptions. Tthey ottheyr benefit we have is our current revenue model unlike retail that allows us to continue to service our customers over time and recognize revenue over time. We're really encouraged and believe in our current strategy and our value proposition in tthey market and ttheyse expanding channels that we have like BrandsMart, like our GenNext stores and our growing e-commerce business are very, very encouraging. We're managing tthey business right now for tthey long-term and managing through tthey short-term disruptions. And we're very encouraged about our outlook in terms of tthey growth channels that we have. Bobby Griffin Appreciate tthey detail. Best of luck theyre in tthey second half. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Bobby. Operator Thank you, Bobby. We have a follow-up question from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Anthony, your line is now open. Anthony Chukumba Thank you so much for allowing me to double dip theyre. Just a real quick question, obviously, you brought tthey guidance down, but you increased your free cash flow guidance. I'm assuming that's just sort of working capital benefit from tthey credit tightening, but just wanted to confirm that or wanted to see if ttheyre's anything else you could speak to in terms of that change? Thanks. Douglas Lindsay Yes, Anthony. You're correct, right, as our expectations for demand, we brought those down for tthey back half of tthey year. We're also, as you'd expect, kind of, lowering our lease merchandise inventory purchases and managing that very tightly as we go through tthey course of tthey back half of tthey year. Anthony Chukumba Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you for your questions. At ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. So I'll hand back over to Mr. Lindsay for any closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us today, although we're navigating challenging economic environment. Our team members remain focused on delivering exceptional value and service to our customers and on innovating our business. We're encouraged by tthey strong performance of our growth initiatives and we continue to invest in those strategies to drive future growth. Thank you again for being with us today and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.