Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q1 2020 Results Conference Call May 7, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor John Robinson - President and Chief Executive Officer Ryan Woodley - Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic operations Conference Call Participants John Baugh - Stifel Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Bill Chappell - SunTrust Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Operator Good morning. My name is Elisa, and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's, Inc. First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's, Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's, Inc. First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc., President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's business; and Steve Michaels, Aaron's, Inc., Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items, which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey Company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey Company's operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey Company's ongoing operational performance. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robbins. John Robinson Thanks, Mike, and thank you all for joining us today. Tthey world is currently confronting tthey COVID-19 pandemic, which is creating serious public theyalth issues and inflicting economic damage beyond what most of us have ever experienced. Having been in business for over 65 years, operating in times of uncertainty is not new to Aaron's. Tthey Company has navigated tthey aftermath of many natural disasters and numerous economic cycles. Through ttheyse difficult times, Aaron's has persevered, innovated and thrived. With tthey safety of our associates and customers as tthey top priority, our team is laser-focused on successfully managing tthey business through ttheir crisis and positioning it to succeed after tthey pandemic passes. Aaron's purpose is to provide access to life-enhancing products for our customers with compassion and respect. Never has ttheir purpose been more important than during ttheir crisis, and never have our associates who execute ttheir purpose been more theyroic. Wtheyttheyr it is a refrigerator or a laptop, Aaron's is enabling customers to get tthey products ttheyy must have in a critical time of need. I am humbled by tthey dedication and compassion our teams have demonstrated to each ottheyr, our customers and tthey communities we serve. We have made considerable efforts to get back to our communities during ttheir crisis. Of particular note is tthey so-happy-to-theylp PPE project that our Woodhaven Furniture team launctheyd in mid-March. Tthey Woodhaven team, led by Tommy Harper, quickly transitioned from furniture manufacturing to tthey production of personal protective equipment. Through tthey month of April, we have manufactured and donated nearly 65,000 masks, 20,000 medical gowns and 500 mattresses to medical and elderly care facilities, police and fire departments, and homeless ttheyylters in Georgia, Texas, Florida, Nevada, Massachusetts, New York and tthey Navajo Nation. In addition, through our partnership with tthey Boys & Girls Club of America, we became aware of tthey need for laptop computers in ttheyir member communities. In response to ttheir need, we have donated 200 laptops to clubs in Atlanta and Salt Lake City to enable students to complete ttheyir studies from home. Ttheyse are truly trying times, but I am proud that our associates have continued Aaron's long tradition of giving back to our communities, particularly in ttheir time of need. Turning to our performance year-to-date through April. We think of ttheyse first 4 months of tthey year in 3 distinct periods. Tthey period year-to-date through March 15 was marked by revenues, originations, cash flows, portfolio performance and earnings atheyad of our expectations. At tthey onset of tthey COVID period in mid-March, tthey Company experienced tthey closure of retail partner stores and made tthey decision to voluntarily close Aaron's business corporate-owned showrooms as part of our efforts to protect tthey safety and well-being of our associates and customers. During ttheir period, from mid-March until mid-April, both businesses experienced significant reductions in lease originations. At tthey same time, we made major changes to our business models and cost structures, preparing for a crisis of unknown depth and duration. Ttheir was a period of maximum uncertainty, particularly for our customers. As a result, we modified many of our portfolio servicing efforts and proactively reactheyd out to customers to offer COVID-related payment relief programs, including payment deferrals of up to 90 days. Tthey result was a reduction in customer payments during tthey period. Neverttheyless, wtheyn combined with tthey tight management of expenses and tthey reduction in working capital, our liquidity position continued to strengttheyn during ttheir period. Beginning in mid-April, customers began to receive Care's Act Relief and enhanced unemployment benefits. In addition, later in tthey month, some Progressive retail partners and our Aaron's business corporate-owned showrooms began to reopen. As a result, in tthey second half of April, we experienced markedly improved performance with a rebound in customer payments and originations. Overall, year-to-date, tthey business has generated strong operating cash flows, driven by solid customer payment activity, operating expense management, a significant reduction in CapEx and favorable working capital reductions. Tthey net result of ttheyse dynamics is that our balance ttheyyet has delevered since December 31, and we ended April with total available liquidity of approximately $620 million. So while it's been a tumultuous period for us since tthey onset of tthey pandemic, our business has been impressively resilient thus far. While I'm pleased that our business performed so well in tthey first quarter, ttheyre remains a tremendous level of uncertainty as we navigate ttheir pandemic. Given tthey weakness in new originations over tthey last eight weeks, our lease portfolios are smaller than expected as of tthey end of April. While we've seen improving trends in tthey last few weeks, we expect that revenues will be below our original expectations until we experience a sustained recovery in origination activity. Ttheyrefore, we will continue to take a conservative approach to managing expenses, working capital, CapEx and capital allocation. Before turning tthey call over to Ryan, I want to again thank our incredible associates across all of our businesses for ttheyir dedication and determination over tthey past eight weeks. I couldn't be prouder of how you've reacted to ttheir crisis. While ttheir pandemic has created a new set of challenges for us, I remain optimistic about our future and excited about tthey opportunities in front of us. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive's first-quarter performance and recent trends. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. I'd like to begin by acknowledging tthey remarkable execution of Progressive team during ttheyse challenging times. Over a period of just a few days in mid-March, we transitioned our entire workforce to work from home without any system or operational downtime. Tthey team's resilience and efficiency in overcoming unprecedented logistical challenges, including managing through one of tthey worst earthquakes in Utah in tthey last 100 years while transitioning to work from home, enabled us to maintain high levels of uninterrupted performance for our customers and retail partners. I'd also like to acknowledge our retail partners for ttheyir continued collaboration as we have worked togettheyr to develop innovative solutions, including e-commerce and curbside alternatives to assist our customers during ttheir difficult economic climate. Today, I'd like to provide detail on our performance for tthey quarter overall, as well as to share insight into COVID-related trends that we've observed in tthey last half of March, as well as into tthey month of April. Through March 15 and prior to tthey full impact of COVID-19, Progressive posted better-than-expected financial results as reflected in tthey fact that our revenue, gross margin, customer payments and EBITDA, all performed atheyad of our original expectations for 2020. We executed well at our recent national launctheys, and overall invoice volume was trending in line with tthey plan. Net revenues in tthey first quarter overall reactheyd a new record of $658.5 million, an increase of 25.8% compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey revenue performance was driven by continuing strong invoice growth, including an increase of 13.4% in tthey first quarter. Of note, invoice performance had been trending at a year-to-date increase of 20.7% through March 15. Wtheyn tthey closure of thousands of retail doors, particularly in tthey electronics, jewelry and mattress categories resulted in an abrupt reduction in invoice volume through tthey remainder of March and into April. For tthey period from March 15 to April 15, invoice volume was down approximately 26% from tthey same period a year ago. From tthey period April 15 until April 30, invoice volume improved significantly to being down approximately 2% compared to tthey same period last year. Ttheir lower-than-planned invoice volume since mid-March is tthey primary driver of our portfolio balance at tthey end of April that was approximately 15% below our original expectations, though still about 6% higtheyr than tthey end of April 2019. Notably, we experienced a significant year-over-year increase in application volume in tthey last half of April, driven by government stimulus and supported in large part by applications originating in our own platforms, including progleasing.com and our Progressive native mobile apps. However, tthey strong application growth is being offset by lower conversion rates as consumers are unable to transact wtheyre retail partner locations have been closed. Active doors grew 10.2% for tthey first quarter, driven by prior rollouts of new retail partner locations, and invoice per active door grew 2.9%. As expected, gross margins declined in tthey period to 29.6% compared to 31.2% in tthey first quarter of 2019, driven primarily by tthey trends we discussed on our last call, specifically higtheyr 90-day buyouts due to strong growth resulting from recent national retail partner launctheys. SG&A expenses were 10.4% of revenues in tthey quarter compared to 11.8% in tthey prior year period, an improvement of 140 basis points. In mid-March, as COVID-19 began to impact tthey operations of our business and those of our retail partners, we took decisive action to reduce our cost structure in anticipation of declining invoice volume. As we have mentioned previously, Progressive benefits from a relatively high variable cost structure, which gives us tthey flexibility to quickly adapt to changes in overall invoice volume. Cost-cutting measures we took were primarily directed to ttheyse volume-driven cost centers, while preserving our ability to continue to execute across all functions of tthey business as well as to invest in important growth initiatives. Additionally, we curtailed discretionary spending and are continually evaluating tthey need to maintain ttheyse cost controls needs atheyad. Turning to portfolio performance measures. Write offs were 8.5% of revenues in tthey first quarter of 2020, up from tthey 7.0% reported in tthey year ago period. Before tthey impact of COVID-related incremental reserves, write-offs were 6.6% in tthey first quarter, an improvement of 40 basis points from tthey prior year period. At tthey onset of tthey pandemic, given tthey uncertainty our customers were facing, we took proactive measures to provide payment relief, including deferrals for up to 90 days to customers affected by COVID-19. Though tthey portfolio performance has remained strong for tthey year thus far, we believe that we have likely not yet seen tthey full impact of tthey economic challenges our customers are facing. While it is clear that customer payment activity has been assisted in part by tthey provisions of tthey Cares Act and enhanced unemployment benefits, it is not possible to completely disaggregate tthey stimulus-driven effect on payment activity from underlying consumer theyalth. It is also not possible to predict wtheyttheyr and to what extent tthey federal government will issue furttheyr stimulus and how that stimulus might impact customer behavior. For that reason, in addition to booking our typical reserves that reflect current levels of delinquency, we increased our accounts receivable and leased asset reserves by $16.1 million in tthey first quarter to reflect our best estimates of potential future losses driven by COVID-19. In late March, we also tightened our decisioning parameters in an effort to maintain strong performance and insulate tthey go-forward portfolio against a tougtheyr economic outlook. EBITDA was $70.2 million in tthey first quarter, an increase of 7.6% compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. Ttheyse results include tthey $16.1 million of COVID-related additions to our write-off and bad debt reserves. Before tthey impact of ttheyse incremental reserves, EBITDA margin increased approximately 50 basis points in tthey quarter due to tthey year-over-year reduction in SG&A and write offs, partially offset by tthey impact of higtheyr 90-day buyouts in tthey period. We are managing tthey business today in a way we believe will maintain strong portfolio performance and that appropriately sizes our SG&A to a lower level of expected revenues. We believe ttheir will put us in a best position to resume profitable growth as lease originations recover. In closing, I'd like to reiterate my appreciation for tthey outstanding work accomplittheyyd by teams across Progressive and effectively and efficiently managing through ttheir crisis. Inspired by a commitment to our mission, ttheyy somehow packed what seems like a year's worth of work into 8 short weeks for tthey benefit of our customers and partners. I couldn't be prouder. I'll now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron's business first quarter results and recent trends. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. I, too, am extremely proud of tthey exceptional dedication and contributions of our Aaron's store and store support center team members during ttheir crisis. I want to thank Ryan Malone, our Head of stores; Rob O'Connell, our Head of Human Resources; our divisional vice presidents and all of our multi-unit and in-store team members for ttheyir support of our customers and communities during ttheir challenging time. On March 20th, we closed all of our corporate-owned showrooms and converted to a curbside and e-commerce-only model. We made tthey decision to close showrooms with tthey safety of our team members and customers as our top priority, while doing our best to provide essential products to our customers during ttheir crisis. Tthey feedback from our customers has been tremendous. And I'm proud of our team's resourcefulness, positive attitude and desire to take care of our customers whose lives, in many cases, have been turned upside down. Ttheyre is one point I'd like to emphasize. Given that we are classified as an essential business in most jurisdictions, we could have continued to operate with open showrooms. However, at tthey onset of ttheir pandemic, we made tthey decision to close showrooms to protect our team members and customers, while we determined what new safety protocols we needed to implement to operate in a safe manner. In addition to closing showrooms, we made ottheyr significant changes to our store operating practices at tthey onset of ttheir pandemic, including reducing weekly operating hours by more than 50%. Furloughing 100% of our sales staff, processing new orders and payments at tthey curb side of our stores, suspending all in-home activities with deliveries and returns to tthey door only, and implementing COVID-19 payment relief programs for our customers affected by tthey pandemic. Needless to say, making ttheyse changes in such a short period of time is extremely disruptive to our operations. And I want to reiterate how proud I am of our team members who quickly adapted to ttheyse changes, enabling us to continue to serve our customers safely during tthey crisis. Moving on to tthey financial results. For tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2020, revenues were $432.8 million, a decline of 9.8% from tthey first quarter of 2019, primarily due to a lower store count, a smaller lease portfolio to begin tthey quarter and weaker customer payments in tthey second half of March due to tthey onset of tthey pandemic. Recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio declined 1.9% in tthey quarter. Excluding consumer electronics, recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio increased 2.7% in tthey first quarter, with growth occurring in our largest categories of furniture and appliances. Notably, TVs, tthey largest component of our electronics category, represented 10.8% of revenue written in tthey quarter, down from 14.3% in tthey same quarter last year. Ttheir decline is a continuation of a trend we have seen in tthey last several years. Adjusted EBITDA was 35 million, a decrease of $16.4 million or 31.9% compared to tthey year ago quarter, resulting from lower revenues and incremental COVID-19-related allowances, partially offset by strong expense management. Included in adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was approximately $5.7 million of excess bad debt and inventory reserves, resulting from an assessment tthey future economic environment may be negatively impacted by tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Write-offs were 6.2% of revenues in tthey first quarter, driven by an increasing mix of e-commerce and additional COVID-19-related allowances. Including tthey incremental allowances, write-offs were 5.5% of revenues, down from 7.3% recorded in tthey fourth quarter of 2019, and as expected, higtheyr than tthey 4.8% reported in tthey same period last year. During tthey quarter, tthey Aaron's business took a charge of $16.4 million to writedown tthey value of stores permanently closed or expected to be closed ttheir year. Ttheir represents a total of 103 locations. While about two thirds of ttheyse closures are underperforming stores, tthey remainder are consolidations or relocations of profitable stores. All of ttheyse closures are expected to be accretive to earnings. Ttheyse closures are part of our strategy to operate fewer higtheyr-volume stores, along with a robust digital platform, which we expect will improve tthey customer experience, grow earnings and reduce tthey capital intensity of tthey business. I want to provide a little bit more detail on tthey Aaron's business results year-to-date through April. From January 1 through March 15, revenues, customer payments and adjusted EBITDA were all performing atheyad of our original 2020 expectations. However, in mid-March, as we closed our showrooms and ttheyylter-in-place orders became effective, we saw a recurring revenue written decline to nearly 35% below tthey prior year, with customer payment trends worsening as well. Ttheir trend lasted until mid-April. Effective April 23, we began a phased reopening of our showrooms across tthey country, informed by guidance from government authorities and after monitoring trends of COVID-19 cases in counties in which we operate. As part of our reopening, we implemented enhanced operating protocols to ensure tthey continued safety of our team members and customers, including new standardization procedures, required use of personal protective equipment, modified store layouts and limiting tthey number of customers in our showrooms. Additionally, we've invited furlough team members of our reopened showrooms back to work. As of today, 85% of company-owned showrooms are open and operating at regular hours. In tthey last few weeks, lease originations and customer payments have improved as a result of government stimulus programs and tthey phased reopening of our showrooms. While overall lease originations are improving, albeit still below our original expectations, stores with recently reopened showrooms are beginning to perform near original planned levels. Over tthey same period, our customer payments across all stores have performed better than our original expectations. In addition to changes in our operating model, I want to highlight what a positive impact of technology investments over tthey past few years have made on our business during ttheir crisis. In late March, we accelerated tthey planned 2020 rollout of our centralized decisioning platform. We believe ttheir platform allows us to improve tthey customer and team member experience, better control risk and reduce labor in our stores. Because we have tthey technology infrastructure already in place and two years of decisioning performance data under our belt, we are able to quickly and confidently convert our U.S. corporate stores in early April. Additionally, our industry-leading e-commerce platform, aarons.com, continues to be a bright spot for tthey business. E-commerce recurring revenue written was up 23.4% in tthey first quarter compared to tthey first quarter of 2019 and up over 50% in April, despite tightening decisioning in tthey last week of March, strong performance in April as a result of higtheyr traffic and conversion rates, which drove a surge in e-commerce revenue written in tthey back half of April. I'm proud of our operations, technology and data analytics team for continuing to advance our digital capabilities and putting us in a position to serve so many customers through ttheyse platforms. I'm extremely thankful to all tthey Aaron's business team members for ttheyir extraordinary efforts to serve our customers, our company and our communities during ttheir challenging time. We have an exceptional team in place who've executed at a high level and shown great agility during ttheir crisis. Looking forward, we have a compelling value proposition, an industry best technology platform in aarons.com and a risk decisioning engine that we expect to drive productivity, predictability and risk mitigation. I'm very optimistic about our prospects for tthey future and our long-term ability to generate sustained growth, strong cash flows and continued innovation. I'll now turn it over to Steve to discuss our first quarter financial results. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. Let me begin with a few items before moving on to our first quarter financials. First is our goodwill charge. During tthey quarter, we conclude that tthey significant decline in tthey Company's stock price and market capitalization during March 2020 triggered tthey need for an interim goodwill impairment test for tthey Aaron's business segment. Tthey Company engaged tthey assistance of a third-party valuation firm to perform tthey interim goodwill impairment test. Ttheir included an assessment of tthey Aaron's business reporting unit's fair value relative to its carrying value. Fair value was derived using a combination of income and market approactheys. As of March 31st, tthey Company determined that Aaron's business goodwill was fully impaired and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $446.9 million. Next, in tthey preliminary proxy filed in early April and again in tthey final proxy filed ttheir week, among ottheyr things, tthey Company requested shareholders vote to give our Board and management team tthey discretion to implement a change to a holding company structure. Tthey requirement for a shareholder vote is necessary in Georgia, wtheyre we are incorporated, but would not ottheyrwise be required wtheyre we incorporate in Delaware as many companies are. We believe ttheir holding company structure could facilitate future corporate actions and provide greater operational and financing flexibility for Progressive Leasing and tthey Aaron's business. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey first quarter of 2020 were $1.1 billion, an increase of 8.8% over tthey same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Company was $98.5 million for tthey first quarter of ttheir year compared to $115.2 million for tthey same period last year, a decrease of $16.8 million or 14.6%. Adjusted EBITDA was 8.9% of revenue in tthey first quarter of 2020 compared to 11.4% in tthey same period a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA includes $28.8 million of incremental bad debt, inventory and CECL reserves resulting from an assessment that tthey current economic environment and expectations of various projected economic metrics, such as unemployment rates and GDP, will be negatively impacted by tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Our customer payment activity has been strong through April 30. However, what is unknown is tthey depth and duration of tthey current economic slowdown caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey degree to which government stimulus will continue to support our customers wtheyn tthey current Cares Act and enhanced unemployment benefits lapse. Again, while tthey portfolios have performed well and are in good shape today, we believe ttheyse reserves represent our best estimate of tthey potential deterioration we may experience in future periods. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter decreased 21% to $0.85 versus $1.08 in tthey prior year quarter, primarily due to tthey approximately $0.32 per share of COVID-19-related incremental reserves recorded in tthey first quarter. Operating expenses increased approximately $25.8 million due to tthey $14.1 million expense from tthey termination of a sales and marketing agreement and $14.4 million of COVID-related incremental increases in lease merchandise allowances. Before tthey impact of ttheyse items, operating expenses were down $2.8 million. Ttheir decrease is primarily due to reductions in personnel and occupancy costs in tthey Aaron's business, partially offset by increased personnel costs in tthey Progressive business to support its strong revenue growth over tthey last year. Cash generated from operating activities was $227.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2020, and including tthey funds from a $300 million revolver draw, we ended tthey quarter with $551 million in cash compared to $57.8 million at tthey end of 2019. Cash flow generation was strong during tthey quarter and has continued through April. Tthey source of cash flows has been tthey strength of ongoing customer payments as well as lower-than-planned lease originations and resulting working capital reductions. In April, tthey Company paid $60 million in sctheyduled debt amortization, $175 million to satisfy its settlement with tthey FTC and $300 million to pay down its revolving credit facility in full. As of April 30, tthey Company had a cash balance of $136 million and gross debt of $287 million. As a reminder, during January 2020, we took advantage of market conditions and amended our existing credit facilities, extending tthey maturities to January 2025 and increasing tthey capacity of our revolver by $100 million to $500 million. I'm proud of our finance team for taking ttheyse proactive measures, and we ended April with over $620 million in available liquidity, an increase of approximately $175 million since December 2019, even after satisfying $235 million of obligations during tthey month of April. During tthey quarter, we did not repurchase any shares of tthey Company's common stock, however, we have maintained our quarterly cash dividend. As a reminder, on March 23, tthey Company withdrew its full year 2020 financial outlook previously issued on February 20th due to tthey uncertainties resulting from COVID-19. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator, who will assist with tthey question-and-answer period. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin a question-and-answer session.[Operator instructions] Tthey first question today comes from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Thank you. Good morning and appreciate all tthey color. A few quickies theyre. One, could you just tell us what tthey $14.1 million marketing contract you terminated was about? Douglas Lindsay Yes, John, it's Douglas. As you probably remember last year, we went through a process of looking at our demand side of tthey business, which was really on how do we drive tthey increases in marketing in tthey third and fourth-quarter last year. As part of that, we -- I think you explained last year, we drove a lot of volume, but we had some collection challenges in tthey fourth quarter. We got back -- that back under control in tthey first quarter, and we're doing really well, and ttheyn COVID-19 hit us. And at March 31, it became clear to us that with our showrooms closing and our sales people furlougtheyd that we weren't going to get a future benefit from that engagement. So we took tthey write-off in tthey quarter. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn I'm curious on eittheyr side of tthey business, wtheyttheyr or not you relinquittheyyd at all tthey tightened underwriting decisions you made in tthey onset of tthey pandemic? John Robinson Ttheir is -- John, ttheir is John. Good question. No, we -- across all our businesses, we tightened in tthey latter part of March and maintained that. We continued to maintain that approach. Now despite tthey fact we did see improving customer payment performance, particularly in tthey back half of April, but we've maintained that more conservative approach. John Baugh Got it. And ttheyn John, are you seeing a higtheyr quality of applicant in eittheyr side of tthey business for maybe changes in tightened credit above you yet? Or no, that's not tthey case in light of tthey underwriting decisioning again? John Robinson Yes. I mean, we -- and Ryan, you can feel free to jump in after me. But what I would say is we definitely theyard -- we've theyard out ttheyre that ttheyre is tightening going on in higtheyr FICO bands for sure. But we haven't necessarily seen it across tthey board, perhaps we've seen it in pockets on tthey progressive business. In tthey Aaron's business, obviously, we don't have tthey same visibility. We've seen good demand return in tthey stores that we have reopened in tthey back half of April. But what I would tell you is we've theyard that. But given how short -- it feels like ttheir has been two years, but it's been really eight weeks that we've been dealing with ttheir pandemic. And so I wouldn't feel comfortable saying ttheyre's any sort of trend that's developed ttheyre thus far. But clearly, to tthey extent tightening happens above us, and ttheyre's less availability of options for customers, that could be a tailwind for us in tthey future. But we're not ready to say that ttheyre's any sort of trend ttheyre yet, just given how early we are in ttheir process. John Baugh And ttheyn Ryan, could you tell us your retail partner base? I don't know. What -- obviously, ttheyy were 100% open, and ttheyy went to some percentage closed, and ttheyn ttheyy're in tthey process of reopening. Any theylp with wtheyre we are, wtheyre we went down to, wtheyre we are today? And ttheyn kind of give us an update again on your verticals ttheyre roughly in terms of percentage? Ryan Woodley Yes. Happy to do it, John. So as you might imagine, we saw tthey most impact wtheyre stores and showrooms were closed, particularly in our jewelry, electronics and mattress verticals. Some of tthey work we did ttheyre with some of our partners that I alluded to in tthey prepared remarks like working on e-com and curbside service alternatives theylped to offset tthey impact that we obviously would have ottheyrwise seen. But that was wtheyre we saw tthey most negative impact as wtheyre tthey showrooms were closed. Obviously, we did have some who remained open throughout tthey pandemic, eittheyr because ttheyy were, in almost all cases, ttheyy provided essential services. In all cases, it provided essential services and [indiscernible], and we saw continuing activity out of ottheyrs and less of an impact. So in -- I'd say, a few trends we're seeing take place across tthey portfolio. As you think about wtheyre we're at in tthey evolution of tthey pandemic, obviously, ttheyre's a ton of uncertainty about wtheyre we go from theyre. But we are seeing, as you know, state and home orders begin to be lifted and retailers responding to that by beginning ttheyir reopening process. We're seeing that -- tthey beginnings of that in jewelry and electronics. And we're also seeing tthey early signs of tthey impact that's having on customer activity, customers getting out. It's really difficult to disaggregate that from tthey general increase in tthey demand we have seen as a result of tthey stimulus. But that's obviously encouraging. Some demand that hadn't ottheyrwise existed, and those are happening somewhat simultaneously. So in summary, we're seeing a return to demand, so positively increasing trends as we move through that March 15th to April 15th period. And ttheyn from April 15th to present has been sort of a gradual improvement sequentially as influenced by those factors. Operator Tthey next question comes from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Bobby Griffin Tthey first question I had is around really tthey core business. And maybe can you provide a little color on tthey ability to scale back up some of tthey cost as demand returns? And how are you approaching that as stores are coming back open now, but tthey volume is not quite back to trends that you might have been used to in tthey past? Douglas Lindsay Bobby, ttheir is Douglas. Thanks for tthey question. So first of all, we're trying to control all tthey expenses we can control. We've suspended a lot of tthey discretionary spend, let's say, at tthey corporate level, we suspended merit increases. We're working with our landlords on rent. We're taking a hard look at all of our discretionary spend. As you know, on a temporary basis, we took out a lot of costs. We furlougtheyd roughly 2,000 employees in our stores and about 400 of our team members in our corporate office and our fulfillment centers. And so as business returns, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about 85% of our stores are back open. We are bringing back on our sales force. And so far, those stores that we brought back online, we're seeing demand rebound or revenue written into tthey portfolio, which is our leading measure of sales effectively appears to be rebounding in those. So we definitely want sales teams on our floors to capture that demand, collection volumes are up. So we need tthey labor in tthey stores to manage all that. We are, however, monitoring store by store. So wtheyre we have lesser demand, we're scaling back on hours for our drivers in ottheyr areas wtheyre we can. But we want to be ready for tthey business, and we're being prudent about how we look at tthey cost structure. Bobby Griffin Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up to John's question. For tthey Progressive side of tthey business, can you just remind us on what regions of tthey country your retail partners are more theyavily weighted in, eittheyr tthey Souttheyast or West Coast or anything that might theylp us think about tthey impact of stay-at-home orders modestly getting lifted over tthey next couple of months? Ryan Woodley Yes. Given tthey increasing weight of tthey portfolio toward national accounts, it really is a case to case, border to border presence across our partners with what's been a traditionally stronger weighting towards tthey south and in tthey souttheyast in terms of just penetration of rent-to-own generally. But we're experiencing tthey sort of same patchwork of return to activity that ottheyrs are as you look at varying state interpretations of federal guidance and return to general levels of returning to activity. So it's going to be sort of a patchwork of that as we come through, but tthey net effect of it is increasing tthey return to kind of growth. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brad Thomas Just jumping right into it, Ryan, I wanted to talk a little bit about tthey trends and invoice volume and making sure we're connecting it properly to how we think about tthey income statement. You gave a lot of numbers in your prepared remarks about tthey invoice volume having been up over 20% and ttheyn down over 20% and ttheyn improving. So I guess, are ttheyse basically like weak increments you're giving us? And so are we sitting theyre with 2Q to date running down on kind of a weighted average basis? But that week-by-week, we're seeing growth. And so if tthey trend of tthey last week or 2 continues, we could see invoice volumes up for 2Q? Am I interpreting that right? Ryan Woodley Maybe let me step back a little bit and sort of give a bigger picture and ttheyn we can zoom in for some of that detail because I think it will theylp put tthey context. So we had really strong revenue growth in Q1, that actually was tthey strongest growth we've had in 6 quarters. And tthey reason we had that strong growth in Q1 was obviously because we had seen such strong growth in invoice leading up to it, 34% in Q4. So Q1 benefited in large part, not only because of tthey uninterrupted January 1 to March 15 performance, but also because it was coming on tthey tail of such strong prior invoice growth. So that really aided Q1 performance, obviously. And ttheyn tthey drop-off in invoice only had so much time to impact Q1 results. So Q2 will experience tthey brunt of tthey impact of tthey invoice reduction versus plan. And that will begin to more significantly impact revenue.But you won't feel it more fully until Q3 wtheyn you have tthey impact of a lower invoice in Q2 bleeding into revenue in Q3. So that's sort of tthey bigger picture of tthey trends that are influencing what you see an invoice and how that translates into revenue. What we are trying to do is give you a little bit more precise insight into what invoice was doing for tthey periods that John laid out because those are really tthey periods of movement and material movement. And we said through March 15, invoice is doing well, growing 21% year-over-year.And in that interim period of impact before stimulus at 315 to 415 roughly, it was down 26% year-over-year as ttheyre was a lot of uncertainty in store closures, show enclosures. And ttheyn wtheyn stimulus hit mid-April, through tthey year, we're kind of talking about trends capped at tthey end of April, mid-April, through tthey end of April, you saw that recover significantly from down 26 to only down two. And I guess tthey insight that I just provided in my response to tthey prior question was, it's continued to improve from ttheyre now into tthey positive range. And that's -- that leaves us with quite a bit of optimism.I think tthey caveat we provided is, it's just impossible to know tthey extent to which that continues to be supported by stimulus and how much its stimulus tails off, we'll continue to see increasing return to demand just because we're seeing increasing returns to levels of activity as state home orders get lifted. Hopefully, that theylps. Brad Thomas Got you. That's theylpful. So if we were to extrapolate out tthey trends you've been seeing in tthey last couple of weeks, would it be reasonable to think that that invoice volume could settle out to being somewtheyre in tthey neighborhood of flat for 2Q in a world wtheyre, again, you've added new doors year over year and tthey partners you're working with are starting to reopen? Or is that just too much of a hole to dig yourself out of after a tough period of time at tthey end of March and tthey beginning of April? Ryan Woodley Yes, I think it would be perhaps unrealistic to think that you'd overcome being down 26% for that period. Not providing specific insight on guidance for Q2, obviously, because so much is so yet unknown, just a comment ttheyre is I think tthey biggest impact I expect to have to current Q2. But again, caveat. Ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre about how ttheir plays out.We're just cautiously optimistic. Brad Thomas I appreciate that. Just making sure we're all getting on tthey same page on how to connect it out on some of ttheyse numbers. Maybe just lastly for me, if we could -- if you could give us a little more context on tthey bad debts and tthey write-offs? And I know ttheyre's a lot of unknowns theyre. But can you remind me, does that -- if you're experiencing elevated bad debt, is that going to result in us needing to take a bigger haircut as we try and triangulate tthey invoice volume into a revenue number in our models? And ttheyn, I guess, is ttheyre anything that you would think at ttheir point in terms of tthey likelihood that tthey -- your ability to collect gets better or worse with what you're seeing theyre really? Ryan Woodley So on bad debt, we, obviously it doesn't get as much attention now that it's factored into our presentation net revenues sort of above tthey line. But just since you thought of that because of tthey impact that it has on tthey translation from invoice to net revenue. So for Q1, bad debt was, I believe, 10.4% of gross revenues compared to 9.7% last year. But if you back out tthey effect of that incremental provision on bad debt, it was 9.8% of gross revenue, meaning that as we book tthey provision in tthey ordinary course accounting for current levels of delinquency, it would have been 9.8%. So just right in line with last year. So we're saying, as we package Q1 and report out on it, we're right in line with wtheyre we were last year, reflecting current levels of delinquency. And so you step back from that and ttheyn say, is it reasonable to assume that payment trends will continue as ttheyy will in light of increasing levels of unemployment and ottheyr macroeconomic trends? It's unlikely that you would expect to have no impact whatsoever on our customers' future ability to pay. And so we're trying to reflect that in ttheyse incremental reserves that we've booked. So tthey idea is that wtheyn you do that, you're sizing it appropriately so that you don't need to furttheyr build that reserve in tthey future. But it's impossible to do that exactly right without knowing tthey future, obviously. So we make our best guess. And obviously, if we are a little conservative, we'll leave that reserve over time. If we're a little aggressive, we'll have to build it. But tthey goal was to get it as close to accurate as possible. It's close to an accurate representation of tthey potential future impairment. Operator Tthey next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Anthony Chukumba Two quick questions. First one just in terms of e-commerce, just any kind of update ttheyre. I would expect that you probably saw a pickup with ttheyylter in place in which tthey showroom is close, but would love any update you can provide ttheyre. Douglas Lindsay Yes. Anthony, it's Douglas. So we've seen a big pickup in e-com over tthey last quarter as you would expect, more of our existing customers, customers who were previously going into our showrooms were doing business online in April with our stores closed. Interestingly, as we begin to reopen stores, we saw that e-com traffic continue to be up and accelerate towards tthey last part of April. So even in tthey states wtheyre we're opening, we're seeing a lot of strength in April, at tthey last part of April, and that's continuing into May in e-comm. So we're really happy, really happy we had all tthey framework in place and tthey technology in place. I think we get better and better at that every day, seeing higtheyr traffic on our site and higtheyr conversions. So really proud of tthey team. And too early to tell if that's going to be sustained, but we're happy with tthey performance so far. Anthony Chukumba Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up. Is ttheyre anything that you're seeing on tthey virtual part of tthey business or tthey Progressive part of tthey business in terms of tthey competitive landscape? I just think that, obviously, we've talked many times about tthey fact that you have dozens and dozens of ttheyse little sort of competitors, a lot of ttheym are backed by private equity, and I would have to imagine ttheyy'd be suffering mightily in ttheir environment. But I was just wondering if ttheyre's anything that you guys were theyaring out ttheyre in tthey channel? Ryan Woodley Yes. I appreciate tthey question. We may have theyard similar rumors about difficulties being experienced by ottheyrs in tthey market. But we've all had a lot to focus on over tthey last 8 weeks. And I would say it continued, ttheyre continues to be pretty tough competition in tthey market. And we wouldn't be doing tthey right thing if we didn't continue to take that seriously, which is one of tthey big reasons why we haven't pulled back on some of our important investments and growth initiatives like e-com and mobile as we move forward, even in ttheir environment because ttheyre's just so much potential out ttheyre. And look, tthey fact that ttheyre's, I think we should expect to continue to see strong competition, and that's just a natural result of a really large remaining market opportunity. Just, not just share shift, but greenfield that remains out ttheyre. Retailers who have not yet implemented rent-to-own and tthey significant portion of 1/3 of tthey U.S. population that could still benefit from rent-to-own because ttheyy're underserved. So I think that's going to continue to support strong competition in tthey market, and we're investing to maintain our lead. Anthony Chukumba Got it. And if I can just sneak one more, and I hate to be that guy. But just remind me something that you said. Have, what have you seen in terms of tthey pipeline, particularly given tthey fact that you have a lot of retailers who are obviously struggling mightily. I would think that, that would be theylpful to you in terms of building out tthey pipeline, maybe ttheyy're a lot more receptive to adding nonrecourse for into owned solution, given tthey current sort of macroeconomic theyadwinds? I promise that's my last one. Ryan Woodley That's a good question. We debated ttheir at tthey onset of tthey pandemic because ttheyre were ttheyse sort of competing factors. One, ttheyre was just tthey level of uncertainty and what that would do to folks desire to make plans and make investments, sort of offset by tthey strong desire to serve a customer who was going to benefit from tthey flexibility of lease-to-own and knowing that ttheyre would be tightening above us and that may be a tailwind going forward that, that might furttheyr increase demand in tthey pipe. So I may have been, I may have thought it would slow down more, but it actually hasn't. As I sit theyre today, I think tthey pipeline looks better today than it did in early March. So I'm really happy with wtheyre we sit right now. We've already had a couple of wins and continue to be optimistic about tthey potential future growth that could come from those. Operator Tthey next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Bill Chappell I guess first question just on tthey Progressive side. Trying to understand if, and I realize it's too early to tell, but kind of your retail customers, if you see any risk out ttheyre of ttheym going away, some of tthey smaller ones or struggling ones and if you've kind of factored that in over tthey next few months. And ttheyn conversely, again, I understand it's early, but typically, ttheir is a time wtheyre retailers are looking for incremental dollars over tthey next few months. And so have you seen more interest as some are coming back to you who have been in project mode or what have you and wanting to move forward? Ryan Woodley And by interest, you mean pipeline activity? Or do you mean among -- Bill Chappell Exactly. Pipeline activity that's maybe people have puttheyyd you off in tthey past, but now say, theyy, ttheir does sound like something, especially if we go into a recession that we could want to add to our business. If it's theyated up or again, ttheyre's been so much turbulence, it might be too early for that. Ryan Woodley Yes. So it's a decent-sized pipeline. So ttheyre -- I'd say ttheyre are puts and takes inside of it. But on tthey whole, I'd just reiterate tthey statement that I feel like it's -- I'm more excited about it now than I was in early March. We've had some wins. And I'm excited about tthey growth that could come from stuff that we have moving through tthey pipeline. So it's better than I expected, theyading into COVID, which is a good position to be in. And ttheyn, I'm sorry, Bill, what was your first question? Bill Chappell Just kind of with regard to tthey theyalth of your existing customers. Are you worried about any of ttheym going under? Ryan Woodley Got you, tthey partners. We have a base of several thousand partners. So I expect that we'll see tthey gamut of sort of outcomes from tthey pandemic, and I guess it would be naive to say that across several thousand retail partners that we wouldn't have any that go out of business, especially in tthey long tail of those partnerships. So I imagine that will occur down ttheyre. But wtheyre I sit today, I feel pretty good about tthey strength of those partnerships and tthey ability to generate future growth. Bill Chappell Got it. And Douglas, just any kind of early read for -- in tthey showrooms that have been reopened? Have you seen pent-up demand? Have you seen people actually show up? I mean I know it's -- you know in Georgia, we're kind of leading-edge on ttheyse things, and people are ready to get out and about, and so just didn't know what you've experienced so far? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I mean I think we -- I think Brian, I bet, did some work on tthey call of really breaking it up in time period. So it say after April 15, ctheycks began to come out and we began to open showrooms on April 23. So what we saw was a surge in customer payments that lasted to tthey end of tthey month, and we're continuing to see that going into May. So that's positive, a lot of cash coming in tthey door. Customers have a lot of cash. And ttheyy're buying, and ttheyy're making ttheyir payments, which is encouraging. So our deliveries have been strong in tthey stores that we've reopened. We've got a phased reopen going on, and we're -- that we initially opened two states ttheyn continue to open up to 85% of our network. In those stores that we've reopened, we are tracking to our original plan that we put out at tthey beginning of 2020. But probably more importantly, we're driving a lot of e-com. So e-commerce is way up, as I said in my prepared remarks, in tthey month of April. And that as a percent of our total deliveries is a significantly higtheyr number than it's been in tthey past. So we're really bullish about that. John Robinson One thing I'd add to that, Douglas was exactly right. Tthey only thing I'd add is, interestingly, even in tthey stores, tthey showrooms that have reopened, Bill, as you remember, e-com, we service through our stores. And so tthey e-commerce remains strong in those. So even after tthey showrooms open, which is an encouraging sign. We don't know what, as Douglas said earlier, we don't know if that speaks to a trend. But it's an interesting fact that tthey e-com business has been strong and remains strong even wtheyn tthey showrooms have reopened. Operator Tthey next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Kyle Joseph Most of my questions have been answered, but just a few follow-ups theyre. I'll start with Ryan, if I may. Ryan, can you give us a sense for tthey revenue breakdown at Progressive between e-commerce and brick-and-mortar and how you see that trending over time? And ttheyn on that note, can you give us any sort of update with tthey new nationwide retailers you partnered with, wtheyre you are on being able to offer an e-commerce solution ttheyre? Ryan Woodley Sure. Happy to, Kyle. So we don't split out e-com or, from brick-and-mortar wtheyn we talk about results. But I will offer tthey insight to add on to what Douglas had shared earlier. We're seeing similar trends. So among our native e-com partners, we're seeing strong performance, especially in tthey context of COVID. As you can imagine, ttheyy're benefiting from that shift to online and doing very well. And even among our omnichannel providers, we're seeing tthey same thing. So we're seeing very strong double-digit increases in application volume through those channels, which is a really good thing to see. And if ttheyre was, it's maybe inappropriate to say, but if ttheyre is a silver lining in a crisis like ttheir, it's been tthey significant focus on accelerating digital initiatives across our portfolio and among some of our larger accounts, ttheyre's, ttheyre was a focus prior to COVID, but ttheir has served as a catalyst for ttheyir focus and investment on getting those new sources of application, new integrations develop. So that'll be a silver line coming out of ttheir is tthey advancements that we're going to make on that front. As you know, that's an area we've been investing in for quite a while now, and we expect it to be a significant component of our future growth and tthey trends we're seeing are positive and tthey advancements that are being made on that front are likewise positive. And ttheyn on your second question on national partnerships. I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that up until March 15th, tracking right in line with expectations going well, great relationships with those partners. And tthey only thing that's changed is tthey deflection in invoice growth among some of ttheym as a result of closed stores and/or showrooms. Those that have remained open are doing well. And I feel like we're seeing, I feel like we are seeing increasingly positive trends ttheyre, and I expect that to continue. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn one follow-up for you, Ryan. I think I know tthey answer, but I'd rattheyr theyar it from tthey horse's mouth. Given tthey invoice volume you guys had in January and February, I think you said it was just north of 20%. Obviously, that's down versus tthey fourth quarter. Is that more driven by retailer seasonality than an actual, what drove that? My guess, it would be retail seasonality. Ryan Woodley Yes. You got it. That's it. Tthey Q2 is just tthey selling season for big categories like electronics, even mobile and jewelry, ttheyy're doing well in that period. And so it was just going to be that irrespective of COVID. Kyle Joseph Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn last question for me. Over to Douglas. Seven back with, call it, a month plus of store closures and looking at your performance during that time, has it changed your perspective on tthey long-term outlook for tthey number of stores or potential consolidation activity? And given tthey success of tthey e-commerce platform, any sort of long-term outlook changes you've seen ttheyre? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I mean, listen, tthey way we're thinking about it is we're taking effectively a digital-first strategy, wtheyre we're trying to do things in tthey business that we can scale quickly. I think RTO was a good example of that. How do we like put things at scale in our network and drive a better customer experience, control decisioning, control risk and have a better outcome for us. So with tthey digital-first sort of focus comes sort of ttheir competitive advantage we have with stores, we believe that we really should have fewer stores in tthey network, but higtheyr volume stores. And so what you'll see from us going forward is more, I would say, 2 store in tthey 1 store type moves. We think we can do ttheir at a lower cost, drive greater earnings and have really good cash flow dynamics from that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Vincent Caintic So first on tthey Progressive. I just wanted to follow-up on some earlier, on an earlier question. Just on tthey number of doors that are open, I guess, if you could maybe let us know wtheyn volume was down, I think tthey worst was 26%, wtheyn it was down at that level, how many doors were closed at that time? And ttheyn wtheyre are we now? And are ttheyre any sort of discussions you're having with your retail partners, wtheyre it seems like maybe 100% of tthey doors might be opened by, let's say, summer or so? Like any sort of a forward look ttheyre? Ryan Woodley Sure. Yes. We don't have exact counts just because of tthey volume in tthey tens of thousands, it's hard to track that discretely by period. But I'll just give you an example of tthey key movers. So in our jewelry vertical, obviously, those showrooms were closed entirely. Many of those in mall-based locations wtheyre tthey entire model is closed. And while tthey vast majority of those remain close to ttheir day, we are seeing tthey beginnings of reopening ttheyre. Now we're in tthey early stages of that, and I expect that to continue gradually to reopen, again, in response to tthey lifting of state home orders. Electronics is anottheyr example wtheyre showrooms were closed, and ttheyre was a lot of curbside service worked on to facilitate curbside service, and I expect that will move to gradual reopening process with limits on tthey number of people allowed in tthey showroom and ttheyn that eventually evolving into open showrooms. But those two examples are examples wtheyre showrooms remain closed. But we are -- we have already seen tthey beginnings of tthey reopening process, and we expect it'll reoccur gradually, that's not going to be a one week to tthey next, as you pointed out. It'll be over a period of several weeks.But in spite of that, we're seeing that recovery in invoice, which is what's interesting. So it's obviously being driven by several factors ttheyre. Vincent Caintic That's really theylpful. Second question, I'm sure both on tthey Progressive side and on tthey Aaron's business side. Just wondering what sort of levels are baked into tthey reserves that you're taking, I guess, not necessarily a forecast of how bad can reserve -- can bad debt get, but sort of what's -- what levels can you absorb and be fully covered by your existing reserves? And maybe relatedly, do tthey reserves bake in any thoughts about depreciation rates and how you're thinking about return to inventory volumes, so pickups of volumes? Steve Michaels Yes, Vince, ttheir is Steve. I mean as we said in tthey prepared remarks, and as Ryan said, we obviously looked at tthey balance ttheyyet date. As of March 31, we looked at our lease impairment reserves and our bad debt allowances and decided or made tthey determination that it was unlikely to assume that COVID would not have some impact on tthey future. And once you make that kind of -- from an accounting standpoint, you make that potential impairment analysis, ttheyn you move on to like, well, how do you quantify it and you have got a probability weight different outcomes. We've got ttheir government stimulus that we don't know how tthey immediate $1200 ctheycks and tthey actual ctheycks are going to continue to play out. We've got enhanced unemployment benefits that currently last until tthey end of July, but ttheyre's -- we have no knowledge of wtheyttheyr those will be extended. So we just had to use all of tthey information that we had available to us, along with tthey actual results that we've been seeing kind of post tthey quarter and make our best determination about potential future outcomes. As Ryan said appropriately, we're not going to be right, right? Because we don't know tthey future.But at tthey time, our best estimates were to take ttheyse incremental reserves, and ttheyy were basically applied against tthey valuation of tthey lease merchandise that we have on tthey balance ttheyyet and ttheyn tthey amount of tthey AR reserves or tthey AR that we have on tthey balance ttheyyet. So it's not reflected as a percentage of how many customers we think are going to go bad or anything like that. It's just -- it's an overlay against tthey reserves that we would have had anyways based on tthey information we had available to us wtheyn we were making tthey decision. And ttheyn obviously, part of tthey reserve is a CECL reserve, which refers specifically to our Vive business, which is a second look credit provider that partners with banks, and we had to adopt CECL as of January 1.As you know ttheyre, we had about a -- theirtorically, we ran about a mid-teens provision expense under tthey previous provisioning method, and after adopting CECL, we expected that we'd be kind of in tthey low to, call it, mid-20s, and we were after we took tthey day one retained earnings charge from tthey adoption of CECL. Because of macroeconomic factors related to that CECL calculation, we ended up taking additional reserves in tthey quarter that put us into tthey low 30s percent from a provision expense, and that is theyavily weighted on future expectations of unemployment rates and GDP. So that was about $7 million of tthey additional incremental reserves that we took. Vincent Caintic Okay. That's very theylpful. Maybe have you seen a lot of return items or request for returns by customers? Douglas Lindsay Ttheir is Douglas. We've actually seen lower return levels in tthey first quarter and going into April than we have experienced theirtorically. And I think ttheyre's multiple reasons for that. I think we're working with tthey customer more through ttheir crisis and making sure that ttheyy can stay on tthey product and that we fulfill our value proposition for being flexible with ttheym. Second is that tthey customer is really not trading out product right now. A customer rent-to-own typically will buy something and ttheyn trade up or trade out into something different. Ttheyy're just not leaving ttheyir homes right now. And I think lastly, ttheyre's just more liquidity in tthey market. So customers are able to stay in ttheyir payments longer and get towards ownership. So we don't expect, I expect to see lower returns over tthey near term as liquidity is in tthey market, and tthey more payments ttheyy're making in ttheyir leases, I think, more likelihood that ttheyy go to furttheyr into ownership. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you. I want to thank our associates, franctheirees and retail partners for your commitment to serving our customers during ttheir time of crisis. It's definitely been a tumultuous period. And our sympathy goes out to all of those who've been negatively affected by ttheir pandemic. We thank you all for your participation on our call today, and we look forward to updating you again on our second quarter call. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.