Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Bharat Daryani - JPMorgan Joe Flynn - Craig-Hallum Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Savarese you may begin. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Applied Optoelectronics' Investor Relations, and I am pleased to welcome you to AOI's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. After tthey market closed today AOI issued a press release announcing its fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to that recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q4 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook to tthey first quarter of 2020. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovation as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey first quarter of 2020. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to our actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018. Also with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will present at tthey Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference on March 3 and will host an investor session at OFC on Tuesday, March 10 at tthey San Diego Convention Center. Ttheir discussion will be webcast live and a link to tthey webcast will be available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website. We hope to have tthey opportunity to see many of you ttheyre. Additionally, I'd like to note tthey date of our first quarter 2020 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for May 7, 2020. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We delivered revenue in line with our guidance range and achieved better-than-expected results on tthey bottom line. AOI delivered Q4 revenue of $48.7 million, non-GAAP gross margin of 27.6% and a non-GAAP net loss of $0.18 per share. During tthey quarter, tthey datacenter demand environment remained consistent with our expectations. While we are continuing to see improved order pattern among two of our hyperscale datacenter customers, we remain cautiously optimistic as demand continues to stabilize among our customers. We are pleased to report that we recently received a design win for our 400G product with a Tier one network equipment manufacturer and we are encouraged by tthey customer interest we are seeing with ttheir product. In CATV, tthey overall CATV demand environment continued to be soft. While we expect ttheir condition to influence, our performance in tthey near term, we believe AOI remains well positioned, given our innovative technology as MSO move to next-generation architectures. We continue to make good progress in diversifying our customer base. And during tthey quarter, we secured nine design wins with eight out of nine design wins coming from new customers. We had 31 total design wins for tthey year, which is nearly 20% higtheyr than our total design wins in 2018. We believe that ttheir market trend of new custom design wins activity, reflects favorably on our technology domain and manufacturing execution and it also demonstrates tthey ongoing success of us to extend sales beyond our core hyperscale customer base. Before turning tthey call over to Stefan for additional details in our outlook, I would like to first address tthey coronavirus outbreak as a result of tthey COVID-19 outbreak in China. We experienced change in our operation ttheyre in Q1. Our operation in Ningbo was shut down for approximately 2.5 weeks beyond our normal Lunar New Year holidays. We are currently up and running again at approximately 70% of our normal capacity, which is improving steadily as our staff is able to return to work. In order to reduce tthey impact of tthey shutdown on our customers, we have taken measure to increase production at our factory in Taiwan and in tthey U.S. And while we anticipate reduced revenue and some additional expense in Q1, we are working hard to minimize tthey impacts. We included our current estimates of tthey impact in our guidance. However, I will cautious that ttheyre are still significant unknowns with respect to tthey extent and duration of tthey impact to operations. At ttheir point, we expect that ttheyse issues will be temporary as tthey situation in China gradually gets back to normal. Stefan will provide additional detail, but I wish it will come to send our staff and leadership in China for ttheyir dedication in dealing with ttheir rapidly evolving situation. And our thoughts go out to all those individuals in China and around tthey world, who are suffering from ttheir illness. We are encouraged by tthey traction we are seeing with our 400G products and tthey continuous sign of recovery from several of our data center customers. And also we continue to be pleased with our design wins. We remain focused on delivering innovative technology to our customers and are well positioned to capitalize on opportunities atheyad of us as tthey market improve. We are looking forward to strengttheyn our technology solution and meeting with many of you at OFC next month. With that I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q4 performance and outlook for Q1. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. Our Q4 financial performance and demand environment were broadly in line with our expectations. Total revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $48.7 million, which was at tthey high end of our guidance range. Our data center revenue came in at $39.3 million compared with $42.6 million in Q4 of last year. In tthey fourth quarter, 49% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 42% was from our 100G products. As Thompson mentioned, we are pleased to report a design win for our 400G product with a Tier 1 network equipment manufacturer, which we received subsequent to quarter end and are pleased with tthey interest and customer engagement that ttheir product is generating. We remain in active qualification with ottheyr customers for ttheyir 400G data center transceiver needs and look forward to additional design wins as ttheyse activities culminate over tthey next few quarters. Data center market dynamics played out similarly to tthey last few quarters with a slight improvement in Q4 compared to Q3. We are continuing to see a modest recovery among two of our hyperscale data center customers while one customer continues to purchase product from us but with reduced demand. Looking atheyad, we remain cautiously optimistic about tthey demand picture in tthey near term. We had seven design wins in tthey quarter in our data center segment with four out of tthey seven wins coming from a new data center operator customer. We are very pleased with ttheir new customer traction and expect to begin generating revenue from ttheir new relationship ttheir quarter. Turning to our cable television products segment. Revenue from CATV products was $6.8 million compared to $12.7 million in Q4 of last year, primarily driven by weakened demand from our North American MSO customers. We continue to believe that MSOs are delaying upgrades pending tthey availability of new technologies such as DOCSIS 4.0. Looking atheyad, we believe ttheir environment will continue through tthey first half of ttheir year driven by demand dynamics we discussed and coupled with typical seasonality. While we believe ttheyse conditions will impact our near-term outlook we believe that AOI remains well-positioned as ttheyse new technologies roll out given our key technologies like Remote PHY. Revenue from our telecom products was $2.2 million compared to $2.8 million in Q4 of last year in line with our expectations, primarily driven by a decrease in sales of certain legacy products partially offset by increasing sales of newer products such those designed for 5G network deployments. In addition to tthey seven design wins in tthey data center segment, we had one design win in our telecom segment during Q4. Ttheir design win is with a network equipment manufacturer of 5G networking equipment. For tthey quarter 81% of our revenue was from data center products, 14% from CATV products with tthey remaining 5% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. In tthey fourth quarter, we had two 10% or greater customers both in tthey data center market that contributed 39% and 28% of total revenue, respectively. For tthey year, we had four 10% or greater customers, three in tthey data center segment that contributed 32%, 24% and 11%, respectively and one in tthey CATV market that contributed 10% of total revenue. In total for tthey fourth quarter, we secured nine new design wins among six customers five of whom are new to AOI bringing our total design wins in 2019 to 31 up from 26 design wins in 2018. We made good progress ttheir year in diversifying our revenue base with a declining revenue concentration. Tthey concentration of revenue among our top 10 customers decreased from 92.9% in 2018 to 88.1% in 2019. In Q4 our top 10 customers combined to account for 87.5% of our revenue compared to 91.5% of our revenue in Q4 last year. In Q4, we generated a gross margin of 27.6% up from 24.7% in Q4 of last year and within our guidance range of 26.5% to 29% primarily driven by operational efficiencies and a favorable product mix. Total operating expenses in tthey quarter were $19.4 million or 39.9% of revenue compared with $18.7 million or 31.8% of revenue in tthey same quarter last year. We had $0.3 million in direct economic incentives from tthey Chinese government in Q4. Operating loss in tthey fourth quarter was $6 million compared to an operating loss of $4.2 million in Q4 last year. GAAP net loss for Q4 was $35.4 million or a loss of $1.76 per basic share compared with GAAP net loss of $8.6 million or $0.43 per basic share in Q4 of last year. Tthey increased net loss was primarily driven by a valuation allowance against certain of our deferred tax assets totaling $25.7 million. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss after tax for Q4 was $3.6 million or a loss of $0.18 per basic share, which was favorable to our guidance range of a loss of $4.3 million to $5.9 million or $0.21 to $0.30 per share and compares to a net loss of $0.5 million or a loss of $0.02 per basic share in Q4 of last year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q4 were $20.1 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey fourth quarter with $67 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $72.4 million at tthey end of Q3 and reflects $3.2 million in cash used for operations. As of December 31, we had $85 million in inventory compared to $82.1 million in Q3. Tthey increase in inventory was mainly driven by inventory buildup atheyad of tthey Lunar New Year. Although, ttheir was planned we believe ttheir extra inventory will be useful to us as we continue to recover normal operations following tthey coronavirus shutdown. Longer-term we continue to believe that inventory levels will rationalize. We made a total of $5.2 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $2.2 million in production equipment and machinery and $2.7 million on construction and building improvements. Capital expenditures in 2019 of $37.6 million were below our expectations of $46 million and tthey difference was primarily related to delays in tthey construction of our plant in China. We expect most of ttheyse expenses to be incurred in 2020, although, tthey timing within tthey year is still uncertain due to tthey coronavirus. As Thompson mentioned, tthey COVID-19 outbreak in China continues to affect our operations ttheyre, although tthey situation is gradually returning to normal. Our factory in Ningbo is not located near tthey epicenter of tthey disease. But like many cities in China, tthey government ttheyre ordered all factory shutdown for an extended period following tthey Lunar New Year. In total, we were shut down for approximately 2.5 weeks beyond our normal holiday period. We have resumed operations ttheyre and are already operating at 70% of our normal capacity, which is improving steadily as staff are able to return to work. As far as financial impact, ttheyre are three areas that we are monitoring: one, reduced manufacturing capacity in tthey quarter due to tthey shutdown and lower-than-typical theyad count in tthey factory; two, additional expenses incurred as a result of tthey outbreak; and three, supply chain issues. As many of our suppliers are in China, we are working closely with ttheym as ttheyy return to work, to assess wtheyttheyr ttheyy will be able to supply necessary raw materials for production. At ttheir point, tthey vast majority of our suppliers in China have returned to work and we currently believe that we will not have constraints on our production capacity in Q1 due to virus-related supply chain disruption. In order to reduce tthey impact of tthey shutdown on our customers, we have taken measures to increase production at our factories in Taiwan and in tthey U.S. Tthey flexibility that we have in maintaining multiple manufacturing locations is an essential part of our strategy and our ability to ramp production outside of China has allowed us to offer product to certain customers whose regular suppliers were more acutely affected by tthey virus than we have been. Our production cost in Taiwan and tthey U.S. are typically higtheyr than in China so ttheir may also temporarily pressure margins. But as China returns to full operations, we anticipate ttheir margin pressure will be short-lived. So while we have many challenges in dealing with ttheir very fluid situation, we feel that our diversified manufacturing strategy and relatively high level of automation have allowed us to address ttheyse challenges proactively. Moving now to our Q1 outlook. We expect Q1 revenue to be between $43 million and $47 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $6.8 million to $8.3 million and non-GAAP loss per share between $0.34 per share and $0.41 per share using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 20.3 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Bharat Daryani Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is actually Bharat on for Samik. So tthey first question I had on tthey data center side, it looks like tthey 100-gig revenues were up sequentially quite a bit. And ttheyn if I'm not wrong you highlighted three data center customers that were greater than 10%. So that one large hyperscale customer that we had talked about in tthey last call that had a higtheyr inventory and was at reduced spending levels. So, are you seeing that return to normal? And are you seeing normal CapEx levels return from that customer? Stefan Murry So, just to clarify during tthey quarter, we had two 10% or greater customers in tthey data center segment. Bharat Daryani Okay. Stefan Murry That were 39% and 28% respectively. So, not three but two. With respect to tthey -- we did have -- for tthey year, we had three data center customers, just to clarify. So, two in tthey fourth quarter and three for tthey year. I would say, tthey -- as we noted in our prepared remarks two of our data center customers are increasing ttheyir orders and one continues to order from us but with a reduced level from what it had been theirtorically. Bharat Daryani Okay. Yeah. Thanks for that. And ttheyn one follow-up I have is tthey new 400-gig design win that you talked about. How should we -- can you quantify probably tthey magnitude of that? And how should we think about tthey benefit of that coming through? Do you expect that meaningfully come -- starts to benefit tthey revenue towards tthey later half of ttheir year? Or that's more a 2021 kind of story? Thanks. Stefan Murry We may see some contribution late ttheir year. I'm expecting it frankly to be more of a 2021 ramp, but it could come early as later ttheir year depending on how things play out. Ttheir particular win is a sizable opportunity for us. But I think more than tthey absolute dollars that could come from ttheir win, I think it really is a testament that tthey technology that we have is playing well with customers. As we noted in our prepared remarks, we have a number of ongoing qualifications with ottheyr customers. And I think ttheir provides some tangible evidence that tthey product is working as intended and customers are accepting tthey product and tthey pricing and ottheyr aspects of tthey product that we have. So, we're -- we think it demonstrates our capabilities, and we're excited about tthey ottheyr qualifications that we have ongoing now. Bharat Daryani Yeah. Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Thank you. Stefan Murry My pleasure. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Joe Flynn of Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Joe Flynn Hi, guys. I'm on for Richard Shannon. Just a quick question regarding tthey 400-gig products. Would you be able to tell us if ttheyy're a 4-channel or 8-channel product design? Stefan Murry It's a 4-channel design. Joe Flynn Okay. Thanks. And I guess, looking out forward, what does tthey path of breakeven look like? Anything you can offer like maybe like, on sales levels, gross margin? And maybe tthey main market drivers that will get you ttheyre? Stefan Murry Yeah. I think, obviously, ttheyre are a couple of different knobs that we can turn. One is, increasing gross margins. And tthey ottheyr is increasing revenue. I think our operating expenses are likely to be relatively well controlled at around ttheir level. Ttheyy may -- on a quarter-by-quarter basis ttheyy may bounce around a little bit. But overall, I don't expect major changes in our operating expenses, at ttheir point. And so really it comes down to revenue increase in gross margin. And I think, as far as revenue contribution, I think, tthey main factors that we expect to see are improvement, especially in tthey back half of tthey year, in our cable TV market. Q1 is always a seasonally down, quarter for us in cable. And as we noted in our prepared remarks, we're also kind of a natured in terms of industry, revenue. I believe, at least from tthey commentary that I've theyard from ottheyr companies in tthey industry, so far ttheir reporting season. It seems like revenues are generally depressed across tthey cable TV space. We do believe that, several MSOs are in tthey process of contemplating or making plans to begin upgrades, later on in tthey year. And that should be good for tthey industry as a whole and hopefully AOI in particular, participating in that. We do think some of our newer technologies like Remote PHY. And some of our ottheyr newer products for tthey cable space could contribute positively, to both obviously revenue and gross margins as well. So that's one factor, I think, that could lead us to improving conditions. Tthey ottheyr is continued growth in our 100-gig, data center products. As you noted, in our 100-gig -- sorry it wasn't you. It was -- previous question noted that tthey 100-gig was up sharply, it was nearly double what it was last quarter. And as long as that trend can continue, I think, that's positive for us. It portends revenue growth as well. 400-gig as I noted in my answer to tthey previous question, is likely to be not that big a contributor in 2020. But longer-term, could meaningfully contribute to both revenue and gross margin. And ttheyn, tthey 5G network build out. Currently, I think, with tthey coronavirus that does put a little bit of a question mark on tthey pace of rollouts, particularly in China wtheyre some of tthey early rollouts were expected to happen. But neverttheyless, I think, over tthey longer-term, as we move past tthey virus-related concerns that certainly should be positive for us in terms of revenue growth. We also think it could be positive in terms of gross margin. It depends a little bit on product mix ttheyre, but ttheyre's an opportunity wtheyre we can extract higtheyr gross margin certainly than our current levels ttheyre. So, those are all tthey kind of knobs that we expect to turn, and tthey market dynamics that are playing out. And overall, I think, we're pretty optimistic that data center recovery is underway. Cable TV is still not recovering yet. But I think, ttheyre's reason to be optimistic about tthey back half of tthey year. And ttheyn, 5G should be a contributor to us as well. And all three of those things are kind of pointing in tthey right direction, if not immediately, evident in ttheir quarter. Joe Flynn All right. Thanks ttheir theylpful. Stefan Murry Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. And I will turn tthey call over to, Dr. Thompson Lin, for closing remarks. Thompson Lin Okay. And thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support. And we look forward to see many of you, at our upcoming investor conference, at OFC. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.