Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - IR Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman and CEO Stefan Murry - CFO and CDO Conference Call Participants Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Paul Silverstein - Cowen Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Second 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Lindsay Savarese. Please go atheyad. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's second quarter 2022 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2022 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey third quarter of 2022. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call are Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q2 results, and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey third quarter of 2022. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks can and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intend, predict, expect, plan, may, should, could, would, will or things, and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovation as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey third quarter of 2022. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports and filed with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31st, 2021. Also, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. I'd like you to know that date of our third quarter 2022 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for November 3rd, 2022. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay, and thank you for joining our call today. I would begin with some highlights from tthey quarter before. I turn tthey call over to Stefan Murry, who will discuss a more detailed review of our second quarter financial result and outlook for tthey third quarter. Our second quarter revenue was adversely affected by a delay in completion of several orders from CATV customer that we expect to ship in Q2. During tthey quarter, tthey customer requested certain change to several orders, but due to well-known supply chain issues, we were unable to adjust production and procure raw material to address ttheyse changes prior to quarter end and tthey revenue ttheyrefore slid into Q3. We have since shipped substantially all ttheir order and also late. We recognized tthey result in revenue, ttheir shipping delays negative impact our Q2 revenue by approximately $6.7 million. As a result, our total revenue for tthey second quarter decreased 3.5% year-over-year to $52.3 million, which was below our expectations. Turning to rest of our result, our gross margin was in line with our expectations and non-GAAP EPS was above our expectations. For tthey revenue in our CATV segment of $23.7 million was down 14.1% year-over-year and was down 5.1% sequentially due to tthey reasons I mentioned above related to tthey late shipping. So, overall tthey main environment remind robust as MSO, particularly in North America continue purchasing additional network products in order to upgrade ttheyir network. Total revenue for our data center product of $21.5 million, decreased 4% year-over-year and what essentially phrase [indiscernible]. As we have discussed previously, tthey slight year-over-year in total revenue is due to a decline in 40-g, which is nearly tthey end of its lifecycle. Ttheir decline was partially offset by an increase in 100-g and finally, we continue to ramp later ttheir year with tthey year-over-year growth for our total revenue to June. We continue to see good customer traction on 400-g. Today we have received nearly $5 million in orders for all 400-g products, most of which we expected to be shipped in Q3 and Q4 of ttheir year. During tthey second quarter, with few EBITDA wins of lift design wins 204, our 400-g products, both with existing hyperscale data center operator customers. We also had to design wins for our 100-g products with hyperscale customers. We have two 100-g wins with network equipment manufacturers, supplying tthey data center industry. Tthey remainder two design win were in our Fiber-to-tthey-Home, telecom and ottheyr categories. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q2 performance and outlook on Q3. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, our second quarter revenue was adversely affected by a delay in tthey completion of several orders from a large CATV customer that we had expected to ship in Q2. During tthey quarter, tthey customer requested certain changes to several orders, but due to tthey well-known supply chain issues, we were unable to adjust production and procure raw materials to address ttheyse changes prior to quarter end, and tthey revenue ttheyrefore slipped into Q3. We have since shipped substantially all of ttheyse orders and although delayed, we have recognized tthey resulting revenue in Q3. Ttheyse shipment delays negatively impacted our Q2 revenue by approximately $6.7 million. As a result, our total revenue for tthey second quarter decreased 3.5% year-over-year to $52.3 million, which was below our expectations and essentially flat compared to Q1. While our revenue came in below our expectations, we delivered gross margin in line with our expectations and non-GAAP EPS above our expectations. We're encouraged by tthey strong CATV environment, tthey recovery in tthey telecom market, and tthey traction we are seeing with our 400-g products. During tthey quarter, we secured eight new design wins. Of ttheyse design wins, two were our 400-g products, both with existing hyperscale data center operator customers. We also had two wins for our 100-g products with hyperscale customers. We had two 100-g wins with network equipment manufacturer supplying tthey data center industry. Tthey remaining two design wins were in our FTTH, telecom, and ottheyr category. We continue to see good customer traction on 400-g and we expect orders will ramp up in tthey second half of ttheir year. On our Q1 call, we have discussed how a major hyperscale data center customer selected AOI as a vendor for several of our 400-g products. We are pleased to have completed tthey interoperability testing with tthey company's ottheyr prospective vendors. And we have begun to receive sizeable orders for shipments beginning in Q3. Ttheir was an addition to tthey two new designs for 400-g and tthey quarter that I just mentioned. One was with a major hyperscale operator and tthey ottheyr was with a smaller operator. Ttheyse new wins furttheyr bolster our expectation for continued ramp in 400-g later ttheir year and into 2023. Turning to our second quarter results 45% of our Q2 revenue was from CATV products. 41% was from our data center products, and tthey remaining 14% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. In our CATV product segment, tthey overall demand environment remains robust MSOs, particularly in North America, continue purchasing additional networking products in order to upgrade ttheyir networks. However, for tthey reasons I mentioned earlier related to tthey orders that slipped from Q2 into Q3, we generated CATV revenue of $23.7 million down 14.1% year-over-year and down 5.1% sequentially. Looking atheyad, we currently expect strong sequential improvement in CITV revenue in Q3. Furttheyr out, we continue to have good visibility with CATV orders as we see our backlog stretching throughout 2022 and into 2023. We have significantly increased production capacity for CATV products, and we believe that we are well positioned to deliver on tthey demand that we are seeing. Our Q2 data center revenue came in at $21.5 million down 4% year-over-year, and up 0.4% sequentially. In tthey second quarter 71% of our data center revenue was from our 100-g products. 21% was from our 40G transceiver products, and 1.1% was from our 200-g and 400-g transceiver products. As Thompson noted earlier, we have booked nearly $5 million in orders already for 400-g products. And with our production capacity ramping, we expect to ship most of ttheyse in Q3 and Q4 of ttheir year. Now turning to our telecom segments, revenue from our telecom products of $6.3 million was up at 88.3% year-over-year, and up 19.2% sequentially. Our strong second quarter performance was driven by recovery in tthey China Telecom market. Looking atheyad, we continue to expect to see fluctuations in revenue in telecom, as tthey outlook for China Telecom remains somewhat murky. For tthey second quarter, our top 10 Customers represented 87.1% of revenue up from 86.8%. In Q2 of tthey prior year, we had two 10% or greater customers in tthey second quarter, one of tthey CATV market and one in tthey data center market. Ttheyse customers contributed 40% and 22.2% of total revenue respectively. In Q2, we generated non GAAP gross margin of 16.7%, which was within our guidance range of 16.5% to 18% and was down from 17.5% in Q1 of 2022 and 25% in Q2 of 2021. Tthey decline in our gross margin was mostly due to continue challenges with tthey supply chain. Totaled non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey second quarter were $18.2 million, or 34.9% of revenue, down from $20 million, or 36.9% of revenue in Q2 of tthey prior year. R&D expenses decreased year over year reflecting tthey timing of certain R&D projects, which we believe will come back next quarter. And our sales and marketing expenses benefited from some reduced shipping costs as well as lower personnel costs. Looking forward, we expect non GAAP operating expenses to hover around $20 million per quarter for tthey rest of tthey year. Non GAAP operating loss in tthey second quarter was $9.5 million, compared to an operating loss of $6.5 million in Q2 of tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q2 was $14.5 million, or a loss of $0.52 per basic share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $8.2 million, or a loss of 31 cents per basic share in Q2 of 2021. On a non GAAP basis, net loss for Q2 was $7.6 million, or a loss of $0.28 cents per basic share, which was better than our guidance range of a loss of $8.4 million to $9.5 million, or loss per share and tthey range of $0.30 to $0.34 cents per basic share and compares to a net loss of $4.1 million or a loss of $0.15 cents per basic Share. In Q2 of tthey prior year, tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q2 were $27.6 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey second quarter with $40.7 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $40.1 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. We ended tthey quarter with total debt of $63.8 million, down from $67.2 million last quarter. As of June 30, we had $98.2 million in inventory, compared to $92 million dollars at tthey end of Q1. Inventory increased primarily due to tthey delay in shipment of tthey CATV orders that we discussed earlier. We made a total of $1 million in capital investments in tthey second quarter, including $0.7 million in production equipment and machinery, and $0.2 million in construction and building improvements. For tthey first half of tthey year, our total CapEx spend has been about $2 million. Looking atheyad to tthey second half, we would expect flat to slightly higtheyr CapEx spending. So for tthey year, we currently expect between $4 million and $6 million in total CapEx. Before turning to guidance, I would first like to provide an update on tthey supply chain environment. We continue to see challenges in some areas of our supply chain particularly semiconductors, as in prior quarters. We have adapted to ttheyse challenges by purchasing materials from alternative often higtheyr cost sources. In some cases, we are able to reduce tthey impact by redesigning products to utilize components with better availability and cost. But ttheir is not always possible for every shortage. We currently see approximately $1 million to $3 million in potential revenue reduction in q3 due to component shortages. However, ttheir amount represents revenue that will be shifted to Q4 Rattheyr than lost revenue. Moving out to our Q3 outlook, we expect Q3 revenue to be between $57 million and $60 million and non GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 16.5% to 18.5%. Non GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $7.6 million to $9.1 million and non GAAP loss per basic share between $0.27 and $0.32, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 27.9 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tim Savageaux with Northland Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Tim Savageaux Hi, good afternoon. Question on your outlook in a comment you might have made about data calm. So as you look at tthey sequential increase your guiding for Q3, should we assume that's principally all cable TV catch up? Or is ttheyre anything else going on ttheyre? On tthey one hand, I think Thompson made a comment about returning to year-over-year growth in Q3 tthey second half or any particular color on that? Thompson Lin So tthey first question was about tthey nature of tthey sequential increase that we're forecasting in revenue. Yes, that's a lot of that is related to tthey cable TV increase. Data Center, we think we'll be kind of flattish sequentially. And as far as tthey returning to sequential growth that wasn't a specific statement Q3 or Q4, but we've said that at some point during tthey second half, so probably Q3 or Q4, we should return to sequential to year over year growth. Okay, Tim Savageaux Okay. Just to follow-up on that, given tthey orders in hand and additional design wins for 400-g. It sounds like you expect that to ramp more material in Q4 or are you seeing any offsets and lower speed to kind of drive that flattish outlook for data center in Q3? Stefan Murry  Yes. I mean, a lot of tthey 400G orders are going to start shipping later in Q3. So ttheyre's not as much effect in Q3 as you might ottheyrwise, would ottheyrwise expect if it was going to be for tthey entire quarter. And ttheyn ttheyre's always some fluctuation in some of tthey lower stuff as well. So, we do expect to see some ramp in 400G, but it'll be towards tthey end of tthey quarter more material in Q4. Tim Savageaux Okay. And ttheyn maybe just one more, wtheyn you talk about tthey $5 million in 400G orders, should we assume that's primarily from your kind of, I guess, recently, theirtorically, top customer? Maybe you've just added your ottheyr theirtorical top customer, but should we assume that's concentrated with one major cloud operator? And how does that initial kind of batch of orders in hand compared to tthey kind of total opportunity that you see with eittheyr that cloud customer or tthey two major cloud customers? Stefan Murry  Yes. So tthey orders that we've gotten so far bought for 400G by and large are not for tthey largest and most recent, largest major customer. It is for a couple of ottheyr hyperscale operators. As far as how we look at ttheir opportunity, I mean, ttheir is very much tthey beginning, that $5 million represents an accumulation of orders that we've received during tthey quarter. So it's not like that just all happen, say ttheir month or ttheir week, or something wtheyre we would expect that to be some sort of run rate. But tthey purpose of that is really, just to point out that we are starting to see a sizable backlog for orders. We're ramping our production capacity to be able to accommodate those orders. And that we'll be delivering on those orders and presumably, additional orders that will receive between now and tthey end of tthey year. Tim Savageaux Okay. Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Paul Silverstein  Yes. Stefan, what's tthey visibility, if any, to margin improvement? What are tthey -- what needs to happen? I recognize everyone's being impacted by supply chain stuff included, what needs to happen for gross margin to get up to more meaningful level from theyre?. Stefan Murry  I think as we highlighted in our prepared remarks earlier, tthey biggest factor that's been affecting us recently has been just -- ttheyre's not one particular supply chain issue that I can point to, ttheyre's been a lot of various different issues that we've had. I think ttheir is not untypical for ottheyr companies, of course, not that's an excuse. But it's a little bit difficult to predict exactly what tthey trajectory of those prices is going to be. As we noted in our prepared remarks, we've done quite a lot of work on qualifying second sources, finding alternatives in many cases, redesigning products or portions of products to be able to accommodate, components that are eittheyr more available or available at a lower cost, or hopefully, both. So ttheyre's been a lot of activity that we've had. Tthey difficulty in translating all that activity into improved gross margin is that, we have to -- if it's a redesign or something like that, we have to burn through tthey existing inventory. In some cases, tthey inventory that we're getting or tthey products that we're able to get are actually higtheyr costs. So that kind of offsets what would ottheyrwise be cost savings from ottheyr areas. So I mean, I think we're going to see improvement in gross margin towards tthey end of tthey year based on some of tthey new products that we have kicking in more meaningfully contributed to revenue at that time. And also some of tthey anticipated cost reduction, tthey combination of some of tthey cost reduction efforts that we have had. So our current expectation is from sort of an uptick in gross margin in Q4. But I will theydge that a little bit by saying that that assumes that tthey supply chain situation doesn't get materially worse, which seems like is unlikely at ttheir point. But one never knows. Paul Silverstein  Yes. What you're talking about getting back to tthey mid high 20s before tthey incremental impact of supply chain, or you're not even talking about getting back to that level. And I guess what we're always trying to get to was to get to 30-plus beyond supply chain, what needs to happen? What can supply to -- just reparation supply chain, what can that get you back to? And ttheyn to get to 30 plus, what needs to happen beyond supply chain normalization? Stefan Murry  Yes, I think supply chain probably gets us back into tthey low to mid 20s. To get to 30%, we would need to see contribution -- significant contribution from some of our higtheyr margin -- newer higtheyr margin products. So a mix shift in addition to tthey supply chain normalization, Paul Silverstein  Specifically to 400 gig… Stefan Murry  Okay. I’m sorry. No, go atheyad, Paul. I’m sorry. Paul Silverstein  Specifically to 400-gig or you're thinking more generically in terms of new products? Stefan Murry  More generically, but I mean, 400-gig can be a contributor ttheyre, that's certainly part of it, but ottheyr new products as well. And like I said, tthey timeframe on tthey supply chain normalization, we think is sort of Q4-ish. Again, barring any ottheyr things that happen. Tthey new products, again, will start to kick in probably in Q4, but it'll probably contribute more meaningfully in quarters after that, so into 2023. Paul Silverstein  And ttheyn I'll pause, I know addresses in tthey past, but to get to breakeven, what does that assume in terms of volume and gross margin your assumptions? Stefan Murry  Right. Well, we gave some guidance on operating expense. It's going to hover probably between $19.5 million, $20 million, something like that through tthey rest of tthey year. So, you can kind of -- and I don't expect that to change meaningfully next year really eittheyr. We've been fairly consistent in operating expense. So you can kind of do tthey math on tthey gross margin and revenue numbers that will take to get to breakeven. We said before, I think we can get back to tthey upper 20s or even 30, maybe touch 30%. At some point, it's not likely to happen in tthey next couple of quarters, given tthey trajectory that we just talked about. So if you kind of assume that and plug in a $20 million-ish operating expense, you can get a pretty rough idea on what tthey revenue level would need to be. Paul Silverstein  I appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no remaining questions at ttheir time. And with that, we will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Dr. Thompson Lin for any closing remarks. Thompson Lin  Again, thank you for joining us today. As always, we want to extend tthey thank to you, to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.