Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ralph Riley - Investor Relations, Tthey Blueshirt Group Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of tthey Board Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Fahad Najam - Cowen and Company Wayne Waller - Needham & Company Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I now turn tthey call over to Ralph Riley, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Riley, you may begin. Ralph Riley Thank you. I'm Ralph Riley, Applied Optoelectronics' Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's second quarter 2019 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2019 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to that recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations page of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q2 results and Stefan will provide financial details and outlook for tthey third quarter of 2019. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminologies such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will, or thinks and by ottheyrs similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations, as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey third quarter of 2019. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectation. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financial numbers discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will attend tthey D.A. Davidson Technology Conference in New York on September 4th, and tthey Dougtheyrty & Company 2019 Institutional Investor Conference in Minneapolis on September 3rd. We hope to have tthey opportunity to see many of you ttheyre. Additionally, I'd like to note tthey date of our third quarter 2019 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for Wednesday, November 6, 2019. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Ralph. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our execution. During tthey quarter, we delivered revenue in line with our guidance and achieved better than expected results on tthey bottom-line. AOI delivered revenue of $43.4 million. Non-GAAP gross margin of 27.2%, and non-GAAP loss of $0.26 per share. In looking at tthey dynamics in tthey quarter, tthey datacenter demand environment remained consistent with our expectations. We are starting to see early signs of recovery among two of our hyperscale datacenter customers, while one customer has yet to begin a recovery. We are encouraged by [indiscernible] recovery and believe tthey fundamental need for higtheyr bandwidth within hyperscale datacenter will drive long term growth. However, in tthey short term we remain cautiously optimistic on tthey market dynamics and tthey demand environment continue to stabilize among our hyperscale customers. In CATV, we remain encouraged by tthey customer activity, a specialty interest in our Remote PHY products. However, tthey overall CATV market demand continued to be soft, resulted in tepid [ph] demand for some of our legacy product. Additionally, CATV demand in China is weaker than we had expected, as a result of trade tensions, diversifying our customer base remain a top priority for AOI. In tthey quarter we secured five new design wins, including four with an equipment OEM for datacenters and one with a datacenter operator. In summary, we are pleased with our execution ttheir quarter which contributed to our better than expected bottom-line results. We remain focused on fostering relationship with both existing and new customers and expanding our technology lealerships. We believe our platform; proprietary manufacturing process and vertical integration are keys to our success in tthey market and we’d remain confident in our ability to monetize our innovation as tthey market improve and move to next generation technologies. With that, I would turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q2 performance and outlook for Q3. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. Overall tthey demand environment in tthey quarter was consistent with our expectations. Total revenue for tthey second quarter was $43.4 million, which was above tthey midpoint of our guidance range of $40 million to $45 million. Our datacenter revenue came in at $31.8 million, compared with $69 million in Q2 of last year. In tthey quarter, 72% of our datacenter revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 23% was from our 100G products. Tthey datacenter market dynamics played out in Q2 as expected. We are starting to see early signs of recovery among two of our hyperscale datacenter customers, while one customer continues to purchase product from us, but with reduced demand. As Thompson mentioned, while we are encouraged by ttheyse early signs of recovery, we remain cautiously optimistic on tthey near-term market dynamics. We continue to believe that we have good relationships with all of our hyperscale datacenter customers and that ttheyir need for high speed optical connectivity remains fundamental to ttheyir business. We are focusing our efforts on continuing to foster relationships with both existing and new customers and expanding our technology leadership, which we believe will best position AOI for growth wtheyn market conditions improve. We are also encouraged by tthey pace and quality of tthey design wins we are seeing with new customers, many of whom are datacenter operators or equipment OEMs that supply tthey datacenter vertical. Building upon our strong foundation as a leader in advanced optical technology, we recently showcase tthey ability of AOIs 400G QSFP transceivers to break out into four individual 100G FR transceivers and interoperate with a leading 12.8 terabyte per second switch fabric basic ASIC. As datacenter operators continue to demand greater bandwidth, tthey migration from 100G to 400G will be tthey next major step in datacenter architecture. As datacenter customers add 400G connectivity to ttheyir 100G infrastructure, ttheyy are looking for validated and interoperable solutions to gain confidence and reduce deployment timelines. We are very pleased to have a solution with tthey demonstrated interoperability that our customers demand. Turning to our cable television market. Revenue from CATV products decreased 31% year-over-year to $9.8 million, compared with $14.2 million in Q2 of last year, as demand has weakened somewhat with North American MSOs and tthey China CATV market continues to lag expectations due to trade tensions and concerns about domestic economic growth in China. Despite ttheyse near-term challenges, MSOs, particularly those in North America continue to forge plans for distributed access architectures. We believe that our Remote PHY product is a key enabling technologies for ttheyse new distributed access networks and we are excited about tthey customer interest in Remote PHY. We expect to receive our first significant orders for our Remote PHY product soon. Our telecom products delivered revenue of $1.6 million, compared with $4.2 million in Q2 of last year, reflecting lower sales in China, given geopolitical trade tensions. In telecom, we continue to see 5G network deployments poised to become a large driving factor for tthey optical industry as a whole. We believe AOI is well-positioned to grow our share as tthey 5G optics market develops, given our deep optical expertise in harsh outdoor environments and our highly automated module production process. We remain in qualification with a number of vendors for both front and mid haul applications. With that said, please keep in mind that given ttheir is an emerging market, tthey timing of qualification and deployment sctheydules are difficult to predict. For tthey quarter, 73% of our revenue was from datacenter products, 23% from CATV products, with tthey remaining 4% from FTTH telecom and ottheyr. In tthey second quarter we had three 10% or greater customers, two in tthey datacenter business that contributed 30% and 29% of total revenue respectively, and one in tthey CATV business that contributed 14% of total revenue. We continued to build on our earlier success in diversifying our customer base and are pleased with tthey steady progress we have made. In tthey quarter, we secured a total of five new design wins, among two U.S. based datacenter customers, one of which is a datacenter operator. I will also note that several of ttheyse design wins expand on a new customer relationship we secured last quarter with an OEM supplier to tthey hyperscale and enterprise markets. Moving beyond revenue, we generated gross margin of 27.2%, a 170 basis point improvement from 25.5% reported last quarter and slightly higtheyr than our guidance. Total operating expenses in tthey quarter were $19.5 million or 44.9% of revenue, compared with $20.3 million or 38.4% of revenue in tthey prior quarter. We continued to be targeted with our investments with an emphasis on developing and enhancing our next generation of optical products, while also tightly managing expenses. Operating loss in Q2 was $7.7 million, compared with an operating loss of $6.8 million in Q1. Non-GAAAP net loss after tax for tthey second quarter was $5.2 million or a loss of $0.26 per basic share, which was better than our guidance. Ttheir compares to net income of $12.9 million or $0.64 per diluted share in Q2 of 2018. GAAP net loss for Q2 was $11.4 million or a loss of $0.57 per basic share, compared with GAAP net income of $8 million or $0.40 per diluted share in Q2 of last year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q2 were 19.9 million shares. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended Q2 with $84 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and restricted cash compared with $77.5 million at tthey end of tthey previous quarter. Ttheir reflects $7.2 million in cash generated from operations. As of June 30, we had $81.5 million in inventory, a decrease of $3 million from Q1. Ttheir inventory reduction is consistent with our long-term plan as we continue to rationalize inventory levels. We made a total of $13.5 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $6.2 million in production equipment and machinery and $6.9 million on construction and building improvements. Looking atheyad, we now expect capital expenditures in 2019 to be approximately $56 million, which factors in a continuation of tthey construction of our new factory in China. We continue to monitor end market conditions and may adjust our spending plans as necessary. Moving now to our Q3 outlook. We expect Q3 revenue to be between $46 million and $49 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 27% to 29%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $4.2 million to $5.7 million and non-GAAP loss per share between $0.21 per share and $0.28 per share using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 20 million shares. With that, I'll turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Simon Leopold Great. Thank you for taking tthey question. Just a quick clarification if I might, I think you mentioned your 10% customers, like I didn't get down tthey color you offered on that. Could you just repeat that comment? Stefan Murry Yeah. We had three 10% customers during tthey quarter, two were in tthey datacenter business ttheyy contributed 30% and 29% respectively of total revenue. And ttheyn ttheyre was one customer in tthey CATV business that was 14% of total revenue. Simon Leopold Great. Thank you very much for that, sorry. So on tthey cable TV business, clearly, we've theyard from tthey major operators spending less money, but it seems as if we're still very early in tthey fiber deep Remote PHY. And so I think you made a comment suggesting that you were only just beginning to ship your Remote PHY boxes, if you could give us a sense of how you see ttheir playing out. And I guess what I'm really getting at is, how should we think about tthey trending of ttheir business both near-term through third quarter and ttheyn really looking at kind of 2020? Stefan Murry Yeah. So tthey comment that we made, I think you know, on tthey last few conference calls we've mentioned that we have been selling Remote PHY products. Tthey comment that we made is that we're expecting to start getting our first - what we would term sort of significant orders, that is you know, something that - that would be tthey beginning of more of an ongoing business for those Remote PHY products and one that we hope would grow into a larger number over time. As far as tthey overall cadence on cable TV, I think if you look, you know, year-over-year what we've seen is primarily related to China slowing down. We've seen some slowdown in North America in tthey last quarter or two. So it depends if you're looking on a sequential basis or year-over-year in terms of what's causing tthey downturn. You know, wtheyn we look atheyad, I think, we're looking for tthey North American MSOs to begin to invest in ttheyse distributed access architectures. And as I've mentioned in our prepared remarks, you know, we're a technology leader in Remote PHY, which is a key aspect of ttheyse distributed access architectures moving forward. So you know, it's hard to say exactly wtheyn ttheyy're going to do that. I think ttheyy're poised to. I think some of tthey slowdown that we're seeing now among tthey North American MSOs is probably related to you know, tthey immediacy of ttheyir transition to ttheir Remote PHY based architecture that is - you know, ttheyy're kind of minimizing ttheyir investments in legacy networks, while ttheyy look to add Remote PHY. Tthey precise timing behind that is difficult to predict. I think we're probably - it's probably not a Q3 or Q4 kind of thing before we start to see a real resurgence. But it's a little hard to predict at ttheir point. Simon Leopold So I guess, I'm sort of reflecting back on tthey cable TV business in 2017 wtheyre it was very much transmission oriented. You did about $60 million. I'm just wondering if we should think about that as a reasonable expectation for 2020 or at least tthey timeframe wtheyre ttheyse initiatives really get going. Is that a reasonable way to think about that line of business? Stefan Murry I mean, you know, again, I want to give you a sort of precise number. I think ttheyre's every reason to believe we can get back to levels similar to or greater than what we've been at in tthey theirtorical period. It does require ttheir transition to Remote PHY. I think that happened in North America and you know, like I said I would expect that that would happen in 2020, although tthey cable TV market is notoriously difficult to project, specifically tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyy start to get going. I think tthey overall trend we can be fairly certain of, but exactly wtheyn ttheyy get going and how fast ttheyy ramp up it's still a bit tough to forecast. Simon Leopold Thank you. And just one more if I might. You mentioned tthey 400 gig products starting to come out. Just if you could theylp us think about how you could be competitive versus tthey silicon photonics variants that are coming out from some of tthey OEMs and some of tthey larger semiconductor companies. Just wondering how silicon photonics sort of plays into tthey competitive landscape wtheyn you're in a market at 400 gig inside tthey datacenter? Thank you. Stefan Murry Sure. I mean, silicon photonics is not a new technology. As you know, you know, we've had silicon photonics at 100 gig and ttheyre's been silicon photonic solutions at lower data rates even before that. Our competitive advantage is built upon our vertical integration that is our ability to manufacture a significant port of tthey cost driving elements of tthey transceiver in-house and also on our manufacturing expertise. I think we've talked extensively in tthey past about our automated manufacturing processes and you know, our platform technology that has allowed us to automate those processes. So it's not just tthey automation itself, but it's having a design for our 100G products and our 400G products and even future generations wtheyre we can manufacture those in an automated way in a very cost effective manufacturing process and that's what gives us tthey ability to compete with those ottheyr technologies. Thompson Lin And Simon. Ttheir is Thompson and I want to emphasize for 400G and 100G making DMA [ph] in-house would give us – give AOI strong growth advantage, all right, compared to 100G used in tthey DMA. Simon Leopold Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Appreciate that. Stefan Murry Thanks, Simon. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Hi. Thanks for taking my question. If I could just start off with a clarification as well, I know you mentioned tthey 100 gig and 400 - 40 gig makes in tthey datacenter revenues. Could you just repeat that? Sorry I missed that. Stefan Murry Sure, no problem. Tthey 72% of tthey datacenter revenue was from 40G and 23% was 100G in tthey quarter. Samik Chatterjee Got it. And so I think that kind of implies a decline in tthey 100 gig mix, overall a strong decline in tthey revenues. Is that primarily driven by tthey kind of tthey lack of recovery that you see - you saw with one of tthey hyperscale customer or datacenter customers as you call ttheym or was that more driven by something else that I'm not really thinking about. Stefan Murry No, it's almost entirely driven by tthey one customer who has yet to recover. We are seeing strength in our 40G which I think is actually - it's a good thing for AOI. We've been a leader at 40G for some time. Tthey fact that our customers continue to be interested in 40G and continue to find new use cases for 40G and are continuing to buy significant quantities of 40G, I think is very, very good for us. But tthey 100G downturn is not related to ottheyr customers, its pretty much isolated to one customer. Samik Chatterjee Got it. And just question on tthey tariffs, like it would propose 10% tariff now on incremental goods coming from - imported from China. Are you expecting any impact to your gross margins? Additionally I believe you have a facility in Taiwan, are you seeing any pickup in interest from customers and expanding – or expanding kind of ttheyir business in that facility. And if you were to ask to expand capacity ttheyre how much flexible capacity do you have ttheyre? Stefan Murry So, we are - we do have a facility in Taiwan that can manufacturer tthey datacenter transceivers. In fact, it does - already manufacturing a portion of our datacenter transceivers. We have had significant interest from customers in our ability to manufacture in Taiwan and what we can do is move some of tthey manufacturing operations between our Taiwan and China factories such that we can add additional capacity if needed as ttheyse tariffs come on board. In ottheyr words, what I mean is we can take some of tthey manufacturing for ottheyr ancillary products that are maybe not datacenter related, move those to China and increase tthey capacity in Taiwan for tthey datacenter products. And wtheyre we stand right now, you know, we think we're pretty well positioned to be able to manufacture what tthey customers are asking us in tthey Taiwan factory. At least for customers that are U.S. based. I mean, I want to remind everyone that even among tthey U.S. hyperscale customers, not all of ttheyir transceiver usage is actually in tthey U.S. So we won't necessarily be manufacturing all of our datacenter transceivers in Taiwan, but for tthey ones that need to be imported into tthey U.S., it's certainly a possibility for us to manufacture those in Taiwan and that's our plan, should tthey tariffs come in place. Samik Chatterjee Got it. Thank you for taking my question. Stefan Murry You're welcome. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey next question comes from Fahad Najam with Cowen and Company. Fahad Najam Hi, Stefan. Hi, Thompson. I apologize for tthey tough question, but did I theyar you correctly that 100G was 23% of tthey ottheyr total revenue? Stefan Murry Yes, you did. Fahad Najam if I look at tthey broader landscape going forward, what - why should investors believe that you would meaningfully have any success in 100 gig and 40 gig rolls off wtheyn you have had little to no meaningful success of late and so quality issue with your leaders in 100 gig, what would you - what would you tell investors. Do you have hope in your story? Apologies for tthey broad ended question, but I am just struggling to see how – if you are not succeeding in 100 gig, how will you succeed in 400 gig? Stefan Murry Well, I think it's a mischaracterization to say that we're not succeeding in 100 gig. As you noted, we have sizable sales of 100 gig last year. In fact, it was our largest selling product line by far. I would not call that, not having success. What I would say is that you know, different customers purchase different applications and different data rates for different applications at different times. Not every customer as we've noted in our prepared remarks has yet begun a recovery cycle and we would expect that – and that recovery cycle if ttheyy're still you know, purchasing large quantities of 100G, that is if ttheyy haven't moved on to 400G ttheyn we'd expect to be a part of that. Now, with respect to your sort of more blunt question about you know, why would we be a player 400G? We are actively involved in a number of qualifications right now. I think if customers had decided ttheyy weren't going to use AOI or ttheyy weren't attracted by what AOI had to offer, ttheyy're not going to waste ttheyir effort and resource working with us on ttheyse qualification efforts. Now those qualifications are ongoing, I can't tell you for sure what tthey results of all those are going to be, but so far, tthey results are good and you know, I would expect that ttheyy would - some of ttheym at least would be concluded successfully, maybe and perhaps all of ttheym. Tthey ottheyr thing I'd like say is, I mean, you know, 40G and 100G weren’t our first data rates, we've been involved in tthey datacenter market for a long, long time. We've been a leader in tthey datacenter market for a long time and I don't see any reason why 400G would be materially different. As Thompson mentioned earlier, technologies like our electro -absorption modulated laser or EAML are critical to not only to tthey performance, but to tthey cost structure of tthey 400G transceivers and by having that technology in-house we think that gives us a really good position to be not only a technology leader, but a cost leader in 400G, as we were at 100G, as we were a 40G, as we were at 10G, as we expect to be at a 800G wtheyn that comes to fruition in tthey future. So I think it's wrong to say we haven't been successful and tthey technology that we've developed for 400G is very compelling, which is why we have ongoing qualifications going with customers. Thompson Lin But maybe I add furttheyr two points. One, for EAML, what does EAML, ttheyre are very surprise, okay, compared to 25G EAML So I'll make EAML in-house. Of course, it’s very be, much, much bigger than 25G EAML or 100G transceiver, number one. Number two, yes, we had quality issues, we have managed it, we solved tthey problem and in tthey past few quarters we have many design wins of 100G transceiver with many new customer, okay, not only in U.S., including Asia, including many big equipment OEM company and many hyperscale operator, okay, worldwide. Tthey slowdown related to ttheir specific customer is not tthey quality issues, is that demand really slow down, okay. And we are confident and we believe wtheyn that demand come back, we’ll be one of tthey major suppliers, okay, in tthey future, it could be sometime next year. All right. Fahad Najam All right. If I may add on tthey 200 gig, I know 400 gig is still a second half 2020 for you, most of your customers, but two of tthey largest hyperscale cloud titans are moving with 200 gig in tthey [indiscernible] one of ttheym happens to be a customer of yours. Are ttheyy doing any 200 gig, are you shipping 200 gig, do you have any share in 200 gig at tthey moment? Stefan Murry Yes, we've been shipping to 200 gigs since last year. It's not a huge quantity. Obviously if you look at tthey percentages for tthey 40 gig and 100 gig, but we do have design with 200 gig. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Wayne Waller with Needham & Company. Wayne Waller Hi, guys. I'm on with for Alex Henderson. Just a quick question on tthey gross margins, do you guys give any color - can you guys give any color on 40 gig gross margins or 100 gig. We're just trying to wonder theyre you know, gross margins are positive for 100 gig or no? Stefan Murry Oh, ttheyy're definitely positive for 100 gig. We don't give specific guidance on you know, individual product, gross margins, but certainly ttheyy are positive. Wayne Waller Okay. Thompson Lin You know, tthey goal [indiscernible] 100 gig are pretty good. So we say we have best cost advantage compared to ottheyr suppliers because of tthey vertical integration because of tthey automation of tthey transceiver manufacture in Taiwan and China. Stefan Murry I am sorry, was ttheyre a follow on question? Wayne Waller No. That's good for me. Thanks. Stefan Murry All right. Very good. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And as ttheyre are no more questions, I would like to turn tthey call back to Thompson Lin for any closing remarks. Thompson Lin Again, thank you for joining us today. As always, we thank our investors, customers and tthey employees for your continuing support and we look forward to seeing you at our upcoming conference. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.