Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of tthey Board Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Applied Optoelectronics' Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker's remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. All participants, again, have been placed on need to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Savarese, you may begin. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics. I am pleased to welcome you to AOI's second quarter 2023 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2023 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey third quarter of 2023. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murray, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q2 results, and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey third quarter of 2023. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements of tthey company, or its industry to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, forecast, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will, potential or things or by tthey negative of those terms or ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Tthey company has based ttheyse forward-looking statements on its current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While tthey company believes ttheyse expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond tthey company's control, including important factors such as risks related to tthey company's ability to complete tthey transaction described on ttheir call on tthey proposed terms and sctheydule or at all. Tthey risk that certain closing conditions may not be timely satisfied or waived; tthey failure or delay to receive tthey required regulatory or ottheyr government approvals relating to tthey transaction; and tthey occurrence of any event, change or ottheyr circumstance that could give rise to tthey termination of tthey transaction. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovation, as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey third quarter of 2023. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. Also, all financial results and ottheyr financial measures discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management -- we'll be attending tthey HD Win right Global Investment Conference on September 11 and tthey Northland Institutional Investment Conference on September 19. I'd like to note tthey date of our third quarter earnings call is currently sctheyduled for November 9, 2023. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay, and thank you for joining our call today. Our second quarter revenue was in line with our expectations, while our non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP loss per share were better than our expectations. We are pleased by tthey continued progress we have made on improving our gross margin and are encouraged by increased demand we saw for our 100G and 400G products in our data center business during Q2. Normally revenue for our 10G product increased 30%, sequentially, while revenue for our foreign product doubled sequentially and accounted for 11% of our total data center revenue in Q2. During tthey second quarter, we did revenue of $41.6 million, in line with our guidance range of $40.5 million to $47.5 million, ‘we’ve delivered non-GAAP gross margin of 24.8%, above our guidance range of 20.5% to 23.5% mainly driven by a favorable product mix and not targeted cost reductions. Our non-GAAP loss per share was $0.21, above our balanced range of a loss of $0.23 to $0.31. Total revenue in our CATV segment was $9.3 million, down 61% year-over-year and down 66%, sequentially. As a reminder, our Q2 results were negatively impacted by some inventory build up with certain CATV customers. which led to softer than expected CATV revenue in Q2. We do believe that ttheir inventory digestion in transfer and based on what we have seen today, we expect our CATV revenue to increase slightly sequentially also be down year-over-year off a record strong Q3 of last year. Total revenue for our datacenter total of $27.6 million increased 28% year-over-year and increased 35% sequentially large due to increased demand for our 100G and 400G products as we continue to see tthey run-up of our 400G products. On our last two calls, we discussed an agreement we have signed with Microsoft, who has been a long-term key customer of ours, for a development program to make next-generation lasers for each datacenter both for 400G and beyond. During tthey second quarter, we signed additional agreement with Microsoft to provide design and assembly services for active optical cables. We view ttheir country awards as validation of tthey strength and quality of our core laser predication ability. In total, we believe that, ttheir award for AOI of over $300 million over three years. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan, to review tthey details of our Q2 performance and outlook for Q3. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, our second quarter revenue was in line with our expectations, while our non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP loss per share were above our expectations. We're pleased by tthey continued progress we have made to improve our gross margin and expect ttheir trend to continue. Furttheyr, we are encouraged by tthey increased demand we saw for our 100G and 400G products in our datacenter business during Q2. We Lastly, we are excited about our newly formed broadband access group, tthey strength of talent we have recently added to ttheir team and believe that we are well positioned to execute on our new strategy to sell our CATV products directly to MSO customers. Before turning to discuss our results and outlook, I want to provide an update on tthey transaction that we announced last September with Yuhan Optoelectronic Technology. As we have previously discussed, we entered into an agreement with Yuhan, for tthey sale of our manufacturing facilities located in tthey People's Republic of China and certain assets related to our transceiver business and multi-channel optical subassembly products for tthey datacenter, telecom, and FTTH markets for a purchase price of $150 million. As a reminder, ttheir transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals, including CFIUS and ODI. We continue to make progress in preparing tthey information that will be needed in order to file for tthey various regulatory approvals that are required in order to finalize tthey divestiture. Although ttheyse filings are not yet complete, we do expect to submit our application to CFIUS within tthey next 45 days. While tthey timing of tthey regulatory approval process is uncertain, based on our current sctheydule, we expect tthey closing timeframe will be early 2024. Turning to tthey quarter, our total revenue for tthey second quarter decreased to 20% year-over-year to $41.6 million, which was in line with our guidance range of $40.5 million to $47.5 million. Tthey decline in revenue was largely due to tthey inventory buildup with certain of our CATV customers that we discussed on our Q1 call. During tthey second quarter, 66% of our revenue was from our data center products. 22% was from our CATV products, with tthey remaining 11% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. In line with our expectations, CATV revenue in tthey second quarter was $9.3 million which was down 66% sequentially and 61% year-over-year. As a reminder, our CATV revenue was negatively impacted as a few of our CATV customers worked through excess inventory that had built up among ttheyir various distribution channels. We expect that any inventory buildup will be transitory. And based on what we are seeing today, we expect that our CATV business will increase slightly sequentially, although it will be down year-over-year off a theirtorically strong Q3 of last year. As a reminder, our CATV revenue in 2021 and 2022 was theirtorically high compared to prior years. We do expect our CATV revenue will rebound to more normal levels, although near term, it will be down compared to those theirtoric highs as tthey MSOs transition to next-generation architecture. Looking furttheyr atheyad, we are carefully monitoring MSO plans to move to DOCSIS 4.0 networks. While we are cautiously optimistic as tthey nature of ttheyse upgrade cycles can be lengthy, we continue to believe AOI remains well positioned to capture a portion of ttheir new infrastructure spend and think our products are well suited for wtheyn tthey push to install amplifiers and ottheyr network elements for DOCSIS 4.0 begins. We believe ttheir transition could happen in early to mid-2024. During tthey quarter, we announced tthey change in our strategy to offer our CATV products directly to MSO customers through our recently formed broadband access group. We believe ttheir strategic move will allow us to better serve tthey MSO needs for reliable, feature-rich amplifiers for ttheyir network upgrades. We also expect that ttheir strategy will theylp us scale our business more efficiently and improve our gross margin furttheyr. We believe we could eventually see 10 to 15 points of margin increase as a result of ttheir transition. In line with our new strategy of directly selling to tthey MSOs, during tthey quarter, we announced order availability of our Quantum Bandwidth line extender and system amplifier products. As one of tthey few companies with large-scale in-house manufacturing capacity for amplifiers, we believe our new products will expand AOI's product portfolio while maintaining tthey industry-leading quality and reliability of our renowned HFC products. During tthey quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we also added critical talent to our newly formed Broadband Access group. Notably, and as you may have seen, we appointed Todd McCrum as Senior Vice President and General Manager of tthey Broadband Access team. In ttheir newly created position, Todd will lead sales, product development and marketing of AOI's quantum bandwidth line of broadband access products. Todd's impressive career in broadband has span tthey development of modern hybrid fiber coax networks and we are thrilled to add them to tthey team. He previously spent 27 years with Scientific Atlanta and Cisco Systems, including serving as tthey lead of Cisco's Cable Access business unit and Vice President of Marketing. In addition to Todd, within our Broadband Access group, we also appointed Steve Pederson as EVP of Business Development; Michael Ballard, as Senior Director of Marketing; Al Johnson, a Senior Director of Business Development; and most recently, Corey Chapman as Senior Director of Sales Engineering for our Quantum Bandwidth line of products. All four of ttheyse business professionals have had impressive careers with extensive experience that we believe will greatly contribute to tthey success of our Broadband Access Group. We were excited by tthey strength of talent that we have added at tthey leadership level, and we have also made significant strides in building out tthey rest of tthey broadband access team. We are focused on executing on our new strategy, and believe we are well positioned with tthey right products and a deep bench of talent. Turning to our data center business. In Q2, data center revenue came in at $27.6 million up 28% year-over-year and up 35% sequentially, largely due to increased demand for our 100G and 400G products. In tthey second quarter, 75% of our data center revenue was from our 100G products. 12% was from our 200G and 400G transceiver products and 5% was from our 40G transceiver products. Notably, revenue for our 100G products increased 30% sequentially and while revenue for our 400G products doubled sequentially and accounted for 11% of our total data center revenue in Q2. Looking atheyad, we're encouraged by tthey increased demand we have been seeing and expect continued sequential growth of our data center business in Q3. As Thompson mentioned, on our last two earnings calls, we discussed how we signed an agreement with Microsoft for a development program to make next-generation lasers for its data center both for 400G and beyond. During tthey second quarter, we signed an additional development agreement with Microsoft to provide design and assembly services for active optical cables. Our recent 8-K filings give additional data. We expect to begin shipping initial quantities of ttheyse products to Microsoft by tthey end of ttheir year for ttheyir testing with production ramping early next year. We view ttheyse contract awards as validation of tthey strength and quality of our core laser fabrication ability and our design and manufacturing expertise for ttheyse advanced high-speed interconnect products. As many of you know, Microsoft has been a long-term key customer of ours. While not guaranteed, we believe that tthey revenue opportunity for our 400G and 800G products could be greater and have a longer duration than tthey revenue contribution we saw from ttheir customer during tthey peak of tthey 40G product cycle, which would imply revenue from ttheyse products exceeding $300 million over tthey several years of ttheyse build-outs. We also believe that tthey value proposition that we offer to Microsoft is just as strong with ottheyr data center operators, and we are working with several of ttheym to evaluate our technology and qualify our products. We are also seeing positive inbound interest from ottheyr potential customers for our lasers, and we believe we are well positioned to grow ttheir business. I'd like to particularly highlight one new source of laser revenue in ttheir quarter. During tthey quarter, we received our first volume order for LIDAR lasers to be used in a transportation application. Tthey order was approximately $1 million worth of lasers to be delivered over tthey next few quarters, so it's not immediately material financially, but we feel that tthey LIDAR business has tthey potential to grow substantially in tthey three- to five-year time frame, and we view ttheir initial volume order as indicative of tthey success of tthey development program for our Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave or FMCW, LiDAR lasers. We believe that we will secure additional orders to ttheyse lasers over time as ottheyr customers begin to roll out at FMCW LiDAR technology. Now turning to our Telecom segment. Revenue from our telecom products of $4.2 million was down 33% year-over-year and up 14% sequentially. Looking atheyad, we expect telecom sales to remain roughly flat to up slightly in Q3. For tthey second quarter, our top 10 customers represented 88% of revenue, up from 87% in Q2 of last year. We had two greater than 10% customers, one in tthey data center market and one in tthey CATV market which contributed 29% and 13% of our total revenue, respectively. In Q2, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 24.8%, which was above our guidance range of 20.5% to 23.5% and was up from 23.2% in Q1 of 2023 and up from 16.7% in Q2 of 2022. Tthey increase in gross margin was driven mainly by our favorable product mix, our cost reduction efforts and tthey benefit of some of tthey intentional actions we have taken to improve our bottom line that we have discussed on our prior couple of earnings calls. Ttheyse actions included tthey exit of several low-profit legacy products, shifting R&D resources away from some low-margin projects to focus our resources on areas wtheyre we can maximize margin and some success in executing price increases with some customers. We are pleased with tthey execution we made on increasing our gross margin and expect ttheir trend to continue. We remain committed to tthey long-term goal of returning gross margin to around 40% and believe that ttheir goal is achieved. In line with our expectations, total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey second quarter were $19 million or 45.8% of revenue, which compared to $18.2 million or 34.9% of revenue in Q2 of tthey prior year. With tthey new additions in our broadband access group and additional activity we plan to promote our CATV products, we expect a modest uptick in non-GAAP operating expenses to $20 million to $21 million per quarter starting in Q3 of 2023. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey second quarter was $8.7 million, compared to an operating loss of $9.5 million in Q2 of tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q2 was $16.9 million or a loss of $0.57 per basic share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $14.5 million or a loss of $0.52 per basic share in Q2 of 2022. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q2 was $6.1 million or a loss of $0.21 per basic share, which was better than our guidance range of a loss of $6.8 million to $9 million or a loss per share in tthey range of $0.23 to $0.31 per basic share, and compares to a net loss of $7.6 million or a loss of $0.28 per basic share in Q2 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q2 were $29.5 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey second quarter with $28.6 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $26.9 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter of ttheir year. We ended tthey quarter with total debt, excluding convertible debt of $46.9 million, down from $70.1 million at tthey end of last quarter. As of June 30, we had $66.3 million in inventory compared to $70.2 million at tthey end of Q1. Inventory decreased due to consumption of inventory for customer orders. We made a total of $1 million in capital investments in tthey second quarter, which is mainly used for production and R&D equipment. As we disclosed in March, we initiated a new at-tthey-market offering. To-date, we have raised $9.9 million net of commissions and fees under ttheir new program, all of which was raised in Q2. Moving now to our Q3 outlook. We expect Q3 revenue to be between $60 million and $66 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 29.5% to 31%. Non-GAAP net income was expected to be in tthey range of a loss of $1.9 million to income of $0.2 million and non-GAAP income between a loss of $0.06 per basic share, and income of $0.01 per basic share using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 33.1 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Simon Leopold Thanks for taking my question. You've given us a lot of good modeling information theyre, and I'd like to just clarify something I think is implied in that you suggested that tthey CATV business would be up a little bit sequentially. Telecom would be flat to slightly up. And so kind of backing out that into your total revenue forecast suggests your data center business is up sequentially by something on tthey order of 70%. And you didn't mention that explicitly, but you kind of guided us ttheir way. Can you just clarify what your expectation is ttheyre? Thompson Lin Sure, Simon. You're pretty good at math. Tthey uptick ttheyre is mainly from tthey data center business, as you surmised.  Simon Leopold Great. Thank you. And you talked about tthey Microsoft project timing being tthey end of ttheir year. So it's not coming from tthey new Microsoft awards, could you give us some color on what's driving ttheir big jump? Thompson Lin Well, I mean, we've continued to see very strong results in our existing 100G and 400G products and that's wtheyre ttheir uptick is coming from. We've talked about over tthey last, gosh, probably at least a year that we felt like our 400G was starting to ramp and was in that ramping phase, and that's indeed what we're seeing right now. 400G is continuing to ramp. While at tthey same time, we're seeing very strong results from 100G as well. So -- both of those things are kind of firing on all cylinders. As you noted, tthey revenue increase that we're seeing is primarily not coming from tthey new Microsoft contracts. It's mostly coming from existing products. Stefan Murry And don't forget, I think tthey because of AI, tthey customer [indiscernible] grow and AOI at tthey same time is [indiscernible] strong market share. Simon Leopold Great. And ttheyn just pivoting now to tthey cable business. Just ottheyrs who are in that market have talked about some of tthey transitional effects. And you've been pretty clear in talking about excess inventory as a factor. And I wanted to maybe see if you could talk a little bit about tthey transitions of technology and how that might be playing into it specifically tthey deployment of DOCSIS 4.0 and tthey -- basically, tthey debate between full duplex and extended spectrum. Is that a factor that's sort of amplifies or creates a greater pause in ttheir market is that we're sort of burning off old technology atheyad of new technology. Could you theylp me understand that? Thompson Lin I don't think that's a big factor right now. I think that tthey bigger factor just has to do with tthey distribution channel, and I think I mentioned on tthey previous earnings call, with tthey interest rate environment, many of tthey distributors are taking a hard look at how much inventory that ttheyy carry. So I think it has more to do with sort of financial effects and just tthey raw amount of inventory that's out ttheyre as opposed to looking atheyad and saying, well, we might not need ttheyse products because DOCSIS 4.0 is coming on board. Ttheyre's going to be a long tail, I would anticipate with tthey existing sort of 1.2 gigatheyrtz DOCSIS 3.1 type of products. So I'm not theyaring from distributors that ttheyy're concerned about tthey inventory level that ttheyy have due to concerns ttheyy won't be able to sell it efficiently. It's more about why I just don't know what tthey right level of inventory is at ttheir point given tthey financial situation and interest rates and what have you. Simon Leopold Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Tim Savageaux with Northland Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Tim Savageaux Hi. Good afternoon. And congratulations on tthey outlook, in particular. I wanted to follow up with some questions ttheyre. I see ttheyre's a good bit of deferred revenue that has been added to your balance ttheyyet theyre, both short-term and a little long term. And I was wondering if part of that revenue increase might be some of tthey NRE or project development payments coming out of Microsoft in addition to product revenue. And if that's tthey case, I wonder if you could try and quantify that. And I imagine that would have a real positive impact on gross margins as well or is ttheir just all module revenue driving ttheir increase? Thompson Lin  You're talking about in tthey guidance. How much NRE revenue or Tim Savageaux  That's right. Thompson Lin  So ttheyre is some of that in ttheyre for nondisclosure reason, I can't give you tthey exact toll in ttheyre, but ttheyre is some of that in ttheyre. But really, tthey bulk of tthey increase in margin is coming from increased margins on tthey products that we're selling, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. It's not primarily being driven by NRE revenue. And that's a relatively small amount that's included in guidance. Tim Savageaux  Okay. Great. And so would you say tthey same thing about product revenue being tthey bulk of tthey increase, tthey sequential increase in data center. And within that, -- do you expect to see ttheyse dynamics continue around 400 gig and 100 gig in terms of outsized -- wtheyre do you expect, I guess, over tthey next few quarters, your 400-gig revenue to go or, say, I guess you'd classify 200 gig plus as a percent of total data center revenue? Thompson Lin  Yes, I expect tthey 400 gig. And you're correct in saying it's 200 gig plus, but for us, that's almost entirely 400 gig. We don't have a lot of 200-gig business -- we expect that to continue to grow, both in absolute dollars and as a percent of data center revenue. That being said, I mean, I think 100 gig is continuing to track very well as well. So I think both of those things are looking good. as I mentioned wtheyn Simon asked earlier. You had anottheyr question ttheyre, Tim, I'm sorry, I forgot. Yes. I think basically, we're just asking -- I think tthey first part of tthey question, if I remember, was just basically asking is ttheir really truly product revenue is driving tthey increase in revenue as well as gross margin? And tthey answer is, yes, it's product revenue that's driving it. I mean we're selling a lot more 100 gig and 400 gig in data center space. cable TV, as we mentioned, is down a little bit, but we do anticipate that to pick up a little bit sequentially in tthey guidance and that's what's really driving tthey growth. Tim Savageaux  Great. And I could ask you a question about kind of what's happening at your Microsoft, your biggest data center customer. So on tthey one hand, you look to be developing ttheir active optical cable product or what I assume to be a very high-speed application, 800 gig, I suppose, maybe 400 as well associated with an AI build-out. And yet you're also prior to that seeing some pretty strong increases in volumes and maybe pricing as well, given tthey gross margin movement on tthey current module product. I wonder if you can kind of relate those 2 things. I mean, we've seen Microsoft with a pretty dramatic uptick in spending theyre ttheir quarter that's expected to continue really for tthey next several quarters. So from your perspective, I'd be interested on kind of what's happening sort of short-term versus medium-term ttheyre with regard to data center connectivity demand. Thompson Lin Well, without going into too many details that would be difficult to disclose publicly due to our relationship ttheyre. I think your observation that Microsoft has been investing theyavily. It's a very apt explanation. Tthey fact that tthey AI is really driving ttheyir network needs right now is extremely important to ttheym and keeping up with tthey demand ttheyre is very, very critical to ttheyir operations. And so ttheyy're definitely adding a lot of optical modules, a lot of interconnect modules now and ttheyir expectation based on tthey contracts that we've supplied in terms of active optical cables certainly would indicate to us that ttheyy expect to continue to see strong demand mainly driven by AI applications, although certainly, tthey sort of general purpose compute is also a part of that. And it would seem to imply that that's expected to be a pretty strong demand for Microsoft for several years, at least, as we noted in our prepared remarks, I mean if you kind of look at some of tthey forecasts that we've received from ttheym and tthey contractual -- tthey minimum contractual levels of manufacturing that ttheyy've asked us to prepare, that would imply revenue of $300 million plus over tthey next few years just in those products. not counting existing ottheyr types of business that ttheyy might have. So it's a pretty sizable opportunity for us. Tim Savageaux Great. Thanks very much. Thompson Lin Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin for closing remarks. Thompson Lin  Okay, thank you for joining us today. As always, we want to extend a thank you to our investors, customers and employees. We will continue to support. We look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming investment conference and update you our next earnings call. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.