Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q1 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of tthey Board Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Danny Ctheyng - B. Riley Securities Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Sam Peterman - Craig-Hallum Capital  Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Q1 2021 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to your host today, Lindsay Savarese. Ms. Savarese, please go atheyad. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's first quarter financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its first quarter 2021 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO, and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q1 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey second quarter of 2021. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey second quarter of 2021.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020.  Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually participate at tthey Needham Technology & Media Conference on May 20 and tthey Cowen Bruceual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on June 2. Tthey presentations of ttheir conference will be webcast live and links to tthey webcast will be available on tthey Investor Relations section of AOI website. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually. Additionally, I'd like to note tthey date of our first quarter 2021 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for August 5, 2021. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay. And thank you for joining our call today. We delivered revenue and gross margin in line with our expectation and a narrower non-GAAP loss per share than we anticipated. Total revenue for tthey fourth quarter of $49.7 million grew 22.8% compared to tthey fourth quarter in tthey prior year and was down 5.8% sequentially. As [indiscernible] generally soft Q1 conditions in tthey data center segment. We expect data center business to increase in tthey second half of tthey year as our customers begin 400G upgrades and inventory issues around 100G normalize.  Non-GAAP gross margin of 24.6% was in with our guidance range of 23.5% to 25%. And non-GAAP net loss was narrower than our previous guidance, come in at $0.21 per share. In our CATV segment, tthey overall demand environment was strong as MSOs, particularly in North America, continue to upgrade ttheyir networks. Total revenue for our CATV products increased to more than four times its prior-year level and was increased 17% sequentially, off a strong fourth quarter, to $18.6 million. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue for ttheir segment in almost three years. [indiscernible] in 5G deployments from several of our China telecom customers. As we anticipated, we started to see a nice recovery in tthey fourth quarter. As a result, revenue from our telecom products of $4.5 million was up 75% year-over-year and 28% sequentially.  Looking atheyad, we believe China will continue to make investment in both ttheyir 5G and fiber-to-tthey-home infrastructure. And we believe we are well positioned to sell lasers in both of ttheyse markets.  We look forward to meeting again in person probably soon. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q1 performance and our outlook for Q2. Stefan? Stefan Murry  Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, we delivered revenue and gross margin in line with our expectations and a narrower non-GAAP loss per share than we anticipated.  Tthey market dynamics we anticipated played out as expected. While we continue to see softness in tthey data center market, we are pleased with tthey nice recovery we saw in tthey telecom market and continued strength in tthey CATV market.  In total, for tthey first quarter, we secured four new design wins among four customers. Among ttheyse four design wins, two were in our data center business, including one with a new customer, which is a large, US based social media focused data center operator; one within our 5G business and tthey ottheyr design win was in our FTTH segment.  Total revenue for tthey first quarter of $49.7 million grew 22.8% compared to tthey first quarter in tthey prior year. Our Q1 revenue was down 5.8% sequentially and was in line with our guidance range of $47 million to $51 million.  We currently believe that tthey theyadwinds we are seeing in tthey data center market related to tthey inventory normalization following tthey shift to working from home early last year will persist through tthey first half of tthey year and ttheyn begin improving in tthey second half and beyond as several of our customers begin to ramp 400G later in tthey year and inventory conditions in our 100G business fully normalize.  On tthey 400G front, we have continued to work on qualifications and delivered samples to new customers during tthey quarter. We have also received several new inquiries from hyperscale customers for our 400G products and we are working to deliver samples to ttheyse customers as well.  In tthey first quarter, 52% of our revenue was from our data center products, 38% was from CATV products, with tthey remaining 10% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr.  Our data center revenue came in at $25.9 million compared with $33.3 million in tthey first quarter of tthey prior year. In tthey first quarter, 25% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 68% was from our 100G products. Turning to our CATV product segment, tthey overall demand environment remains strong as MSOs, particularly in North America, continue to upgrade ttheyir networks. We generated revenue of $18.6 million, up 17% sequentially and up 341% from $4.2 million in Q1 of tthey prior year. Our CATV performance represents a record for our first quarter, which is typically seasonally down and was just shy of our higtheyst quarter in tthey company's theirtory.  In our CATV business, we have seen some component shortages. We're working with our suppliers to improve delivery sctheydules for ttheyse critical components, and in some cases, adding additional suppliers. We do not anticipate that ttheyse shortages will hamper our ability to continue to grow revenue, but we may continue to have longer-than-usual backlogs for several quarters while we work to improve supply.  We ended tthey first quarter with a strong backlog of CATV products, which we expect to continue to drive growth in tthey segment going forward.  As we anticipated, revenue from our telecom products of $4.5 million increased 28% sequentially and 75% from $2.6 million in Q1 of tthey prior year. Looking atheyad, we believe China will continue to make investments in both ttheyir 5G and FTTH infrastructure and we believe we are well positioned to sell lasers into both of ttheyse markets.  Also notable during tthey quarter, we received our first 5G design wtheyn from a customer outside of China. We're excited to see that tthey success we have had with our China based 5G customers is beginning to spread to ottheyr regions as 5G itself begins to ramp in ottheyr areas outside of China.  For tthey first quarter, our top 10 customers represented 90.5% of revenue compared to 84.8% in Q1 of tthey prior year. Ttheir increase in revenue among tthey top 10 customers is largely related to tthey strong results in CATV as several customers in ttheir segment contributed significantly to tthey increased revenue ttheir quarter.  We had four 10% or greater customers in tthey first quarter, two of which were in tthey data center market and two of which were in our CATV market. Ttheyse customers contributed 19%, 16%, 16% and 14% of total revenue respectively. In Q1, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 24.6%, which was in line with our guidance range of 23.5% to 25% and compared to 19.5% in Q1 of tthey prior year.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey first quarter were $20.6 million or 41.4% of revenue compared with $19.4 million or 48% of revenue in Q1 of tthey prior year. As we mentioned on tthey Q4 call, we experienced additional costs during tthey first quarter due to tthey theirtoric storm that hit Texas in February, which totaled $0.5 million.  Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey first quarter was $8.4 million compared to an operating loss of $11.5 million in Q1 tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q1 was $15.6 million or loss of $0.59 per basic share compared with a GAAP net loss of $16.8 million or a loss of $0.83 per basic share in Q1 of 2020.  On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q1 was $5.5 million or a loss of $0.21 per basic share, which was narrower than our guidance range of a loss of $5.9 million to $7.3 million dollars or a loss in tthey range of $0.23 cents to $0.28 per basic share, and compares to a net loss of $8.8 million or a loss of $0.44 per basic share in Q1 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q1 were 26.4 million.  Now turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey first quarter with $49.3 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $50.1 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, and reflects $15.2 million in cash used for operations.  As of March 31, we had $106.3 million in inventory compared to $110.4 million at tthey end of Q4. Inventory decreased due to utilization of inventory as orders, especially for telecom and CATV products increased. Ttheir inventory reduction is consistent with our long-term plan as we focus on rationalizing inventory levels.  We made a total of $2.7 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $2.3 million in production equipment and machinery, and $0.3 million on construction and building improvements.  Tthey construction on our new China facility is largely complete with all theyavy construction done. In total, we currently expect 2021 CapEx to be approximately $16 million, although, as we have noted in prior years, ttheyre can be significant variability in ttheir estimate as tthey year progresses.  I would also like to provide a quick update on tthey at-tthey-market offering that we announced in February of 2020. To date, we have completed ttheir program, raising a total of $55 million in gross proceeds, including $14.7 million raised in Q1. As we disclosed in February, we have initiated a new at-tthey-market offering. To date, we have raised $0.6 million under ttheir new program. We intend to use ttheyse proceeds to continue to make investments in tthey business, including new equipment and machinery for production and research and development use.  Moving now to our Q2 outlook. We expect Q2 revenue to be between $51 million and $56 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 25.5% to 27.5%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $3.8 million to $5.6 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.14 and $0.21, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 27.2 million shares.  With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And tthey first question comes from David Kang with B. Riley.  Danny Ctheyng Ttheir is Danny on for Dave. I was wondering if you guys could talk about tthey competitive landscape in 400H that you guys are seeing. Stefan Murry It's pretty consistent with what we've said in prior calls. Overall, I don't think ttheyre's any significant change from tthey landscape at 100G. Tthey competitors that we saw ttheyre tend to be continuing to be what we expect to be tthey strongest competitors at 400 gig as well. Danny Ctheyng I guess on tthey chip shortage situation, I was wondering – you guys said that you don't expect it to negatively impact revenues. But I guess we were wondering how long you guys can expect that to persist? Stefan Murry Well, it's a little hard to say precisely. I think it's fair to say that we expect it to persist at least a couple more quarters. And you're correct that we aren't expecting it to result in reduced revenues. We expect to continue to be able to grow revenue, but we're just sort of capped in tthey rate at which we can grow based on component availability probably over tthey next couple quarters. Beyond that, it becomes really hard to say. Our suppliers are telling us that ttheyy're adding production capacity and ramping up. And if all those plans come to fruition, as we expect, ttheyn I think we're probably looking at maybe two quarters. If it lasts a bit longer than that, it may stretch beyond that.  We're also up against – I guess, you could say a good problem to have. Tthey cable TV businesses is growing very nicely for us and we're seeing good demand picture, really through tthey end of ttheir year and into next year. And so, it's harder for our suppliers to catch up because ttheyy're getting hit by higtheyr demand than we've seen certainly in tthey last several years. So, it's a combination of sharply increased demand with somewhat reduced supply due to COVID considerations, and tthey two of those things togettheyr is what's causing that shortage. Danny Ctheyng And you said into next year, so does that imply throughout 2022, you'll also see ttheir momentum from CATV? Stefan Murry Right now, we're pretty much booked up in CATV through tthey end of tthey year. And ttheyre's no indication that that's going to slow down next year. Obviously, being a few quarters out, that's still a little bit murky. But I think tthey MSOs are really at tthey beginning of ttheyir upgrade process, and some of ttheym have yet to even start tthey upgrade process in earnest. So, I think it's reasonable to expect that that process will take several years to complete. And so, yeah, I believe that we'll see pretty strong CATV performance into 2022. Not just ttheir year. Operator And tthey next question comes on Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Thomas Diffely I wanted to get a little more color on just tthey data center recovery in tthey second half. I know a quarter ago, you thought maybe it'd be in tthey second quarter. But just what are tthey puts and takes and what kind of gives you tthey confidence level? Stefan Murry I don't think anything's really wholesale changed in our outlook. I think tthey inventory – tthey over inventory situation, particularly with one of our large hyper scale customers, is just taking a little bit longer to resolve itself than we earlier thought. We expect it to recover at some point in Q2, but it's probably a little later than ttheyn we earlier anticipated. And so, for tthey total Q2 revenue generation from – at least from that customer, it's a little bit less than what we earlier expected. It's not a big change in what we had earlier expected. I think what we talked about on tthey last call remains true today, which is that tthey really good growth that we expect to see is going to come from tthey 400 gig cycle as that starts to take hold with several of our customers.  And on that front, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're seeing increased interest. We had several new customers come and approach us during tthey quarter, looking for samples, looking to begin qualification efforts. Tthey qualification efforts that were already ongoing and 400 gig continue to go well, and tthey discussions with tthey customers continue to indicate to us that we can expect a successful conclusion from those efforts. And so, we're excited about 400 gig ramping in tthey second half of tthey year.  Tthey inventory situation that we talked about, again, with one of our large customers, that should also resolve itself late in tthey second quarter for a second half ramp. And ttheyn, as I mentioned, cable TV, telecom, even fiber-to-tthey-home in China seem to be looking very good in tthey second half as well. Thomas Diffely Maybe if you're willing, a little more color on tthey chip shortage. Are ttheyre particular types of chips or how would you characterize wtheyre tthey shortages is most acute, custom, off tthey ttheyylf, whatever details you might be able to provide? Stefan Murry It's all off tthey ttheyylf stuff that we're seeing shortages on. And ttheyre's no easy way to characterize it. I would say, in general, what we're seeing shortages on are not necessarily brand new cutting edge chips. In some cases, it's actually kind of older technology that I think we're just seeing unprecedented – maybe not unprecedented, but certainly higtheyr demand than we've seen in tthey last several years. And I think it got – some of our suppliers were caught maybe a little bit by surprise by that. And at tthey same time, fab capacity and ottheyr things are very, very tight as we've seen in tthey automotive industry and across ottheyr calls that we've listened in on just ttheir last earnings cycle.  And it really kind of runs tthey gamut across multiple different chipsets and things across tthey industry. But I think one common trend is that ttheyre's just a very, very tight fab capacity. So, wtheyreas in prior times, a supplier of one of ttheyse components might have been able to drop a wafer production run into a sctheydule that already existed because ttheyre were some gaps in ttheyre or some slack time. Now that slack is just non-existent. And so, it's taking longer for ttheym to get new wafer starts going, and ttheyrefore, longer to ramp up that production than it had been in years past. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And tthey next question comes from Sam Peterman with Craig-Hallum.  Sam Peterman Ttheir is Sam on for Richard. I just want to ask a little bit more on tthey data center. It sounds like your largest – or I guess, first want to ask if your largest data center customer in past quarters was a 19% customer ttheir quarter, if that's fair to think about. And ttheyn, if that's tthey case, on a dollar basis, that's tthey lowest sales you've had ttheyre in about two years, it looks like. And curious how you would see sales from that customer trending over tthey course of tthey year as data center recovers.  Stefan Murry That customer was not tthey 19% customer. And as we've talked about, one of our customers has an over inventory situation. We've talked about that in tthey last couple of calls. And I reiterated it in our prepared remarks and, again, on one of tthey earlier questions, so I won't waste everybody's time going over that once again. But we do anticipate that that will be resolved theyre in tthey second quarter and portend tthey second half ramp.  Sam Peterman On Telecom, I'm curious with 5G starting to roll out more in tthey second half, what kind of upside you could see for that business in tthey second half? And could you talk about how we expect that to ramp between tthey second half of 2021 and ttheyn in 2022? Wtheyttheyr ttheyre's kind of step up at some point or if it's kind of a linear ramp from your perspective? Any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Stefan Murry I think 2021, I think we expect a stronger second half than first half. Certainly, we've already started to see some incremental improvement. But we're not back to tthey levels wtheyre we were, let's say, middle part of last year. And so, I think ttheyre's some room to grow ttheyre. We're very excited about tthey progress that we've made in 5G. And also, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey FTTH business in China also seems to be picking up. But more exciting, perhaps than that within China is tthey fact that we have our first design win with a 5G customer outside of China. And I know that's been a question that's come up a lot over tthey last several quarters on ttheyse calls is, well, okay, you guys seem to be doing well in China, but what about tthey rest of tthey world? And I think that provides some tangible evidence that we're able to be successful with customers outside of tthey China market as well. And that's also very exciting.  Operator And tthey next question comes from Tim Savageaux with Northland Capital Markets.  Tim Savageaux A couple of questions. As you look at your Q2 guide and you're getting up kind of mid to high single-digits sequentially, given tthey data center commentary, it sounds like you expect cable TV to be tthey primary driver of that sequential growth, maybe a little telecom as well? Or as you look across your segments, how do you see that progressing? Stefan Murry I think tthey cable TV again, I think we can see some revenue growth in ttheyre. Telecom, again, it remains to be seen how much that's going to grow in tthey next quarter, but certainly tthey trends are good so far. And tthey data center, it really depends pretty sensitively on how fast – particularly tthey customer that we've seen ttheir inventory issue with, how fast ttheyy can resolve that inventory. We believe it'll be at some point in ttheir quarter. But wtheyttheyr it happens in mid quarter or late in tthey quarter will kind of set tthey trajectory in terms of how much revenue we can actually book in ttheir quarter. And so, that's kind of tthey wild card in tthey forecasting picture.  Tim Savageaux Just to follow up on design wins. I think you said two data center or one fiber-to-tthey-home and one 5G, correct me if I'm wrong ttheyre. But in tthey data center, is tthey customer you called out ttheyre, is that a new customer for Applied Opto? Or perhaps a former customer?  Stefan Murry No, it is. It's a brand new customer that we haven't sold to before. It's a California-based, social media focused data center operator.  Operator Thank you. And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Thompson Lin for any closing comments. Thompson Lin  Okay. And thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you for our investors, customers and employees for your continued support. And we look forward to virtually see many of you at our upcoming investment conference. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.