Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Monica Gould - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of tthey Board Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Richard Shannon - Craig-Hallum Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please also note ttheir event is being recorded. At ttheir time I’d like to turn tthey conference call over to Monica Gould, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Gould, you may begin. Monica Gould Thank you. I’m Monica Gould, Applied Optoelectronics Investor Relations, and I’m pleased to welcome you to AOI’s third quarter 2019 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its third quarter 2019 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey release is also available on tthey Company’s website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to that recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations page of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today’s call is Thompson Lin, AOI’s Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI’s Q3 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI’s Safe Harbor statement. On today’s call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey Company’s actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you may identify forward-looking statements by terminologies such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will, or thinks and by ottheyrs similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management’s beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations, as well as statements regarding tthey Company’s outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey Company’s expectation. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey Company’s business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey Company’s reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2018. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financial numbers discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation, or as tthey substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between ttheyir gap and non GAAP measures as well as tthey discussion of why we present non GAAP financial measures are included our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to know that AAOI management will present at tthey Needham Security Networking Communications Conference in New York on November 12, Tthey Raymond James Technology Conference in New York on December 10, and tthey Cowen Networking Cybersecurity Summit on December 11. We hope to have tthey opportunity to see many of you ttheyre. In addition, I'd like to note tthey date of our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for February 25, 2020. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronic's Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Monica, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our continued execution in tthey quarter. For tthey second quarter in a row, we delivered revenue in line with our guidance and achieved better than expected results on tthey bottom line. AOI delivered revenue of $46.1 million, non-GAAP gross margin of 28.8% and a non-GAAP net loss of $0.15 a share. In looking at tthey dynamics in tthey quarter, tthey datacenter demand environment remained consistent with our expectations. We continue to see early signs of recovery among two of our hyperscale datacenter customers. We are encouraged by ttheir sign and believe tthey fundamental need for higtheyr bandwidth within hyperscale datacenters will drive long-term growth. However, in tthey near term, we remain cautiously optimistic on tthey hyperscale market as demand continued to stabilize among our customers. In CATV, we remain encouraged by tthey growing interest in our Remote PHY product and I'm pleased to report our report significant Remote PHY order in tthey quarter. Last month, we demonstrated our Remote PHY solutions at SCTE show in New Orleans and had a very positive response from our current and potential customers. However, tthey overall cable TV demand environment continues to be soft, resulting in theyalthy demand for some of our legacy products particularly CATV demand in China remain weak as a result of trade tensions. We continue to make good progress in diversifying our customer base, and during tthey quarter, we secured eleven design wins including four from new customers. In summary, we are pleased with our results and improving gross margin, which led to anottheyr quarter of better than expected bottom line results. We remain focused on expanding our relationship with both new and existing customers and maintaining our technology leadership. We believe our portfolio, proprietary and a geographically diverse manufacturing and vertical integration of tthey competitive advantage, and we remain confident in our ability to execute on opportunities will have us as a market improve. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q3 performance and outlook for Q4, Stefan. Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. Our Q3 results were broadly in line with our expectations and reflect improving performance compared with last quarter. During tthey quarter, we continued on our path of customer diversification, expanded our margins and tightly manage our expenses, leading to a narrower net loss than we had anticipated. Total revenue for tthey third quarter was $46.1 million which was within our guidance range. Our datacenter revenue came in at $34 million compared with $39 million in Q3 of last year. In tthey third quarter, 69% of our datacenter revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 25% was from our 100G products. We continue to make good progress with our customers as ttheyy work to quality our 400G products for datacenter applications. Datacenter market dynamics played similarly to last quarter, we continue to see early signs of recovery among two of our hyperscale datacenter customers while one customer continues to purchase from us but with reduced demand. All ttheyse improving dynamics are encouraging, we remain cautiously optimistic in tthey near-term. We had seven design wins in tthey quarter in our datacenter segment. Of ttheyse seven, two are new customers in tthey quarter and an additional two are incremental wins with tthey recent new customer. Turning to cable television product segment. Revenue for CATV products decreased 38% year-over-year to $8.8 million from $14.3 million in Q3 of last year, primarily driven by weakened demand from our North American MSO customers, combined with theirtorically high revenue quarter last year. Given limited competition in ttheyir markets, we believe that MSOs are delaying upgrades pending tthey availability of new technologies such as DOCSIS 4.0. Despite ttheyse near-term challenges, we are pleased to report a significant order for our Remote PHY gear form our largest CATV customer. We had a very positive reaction to our latest Remote PHY product at tthey Society for Cable Telecommunication Engineers or SCTE conference last month in New Orleans. In addition to our standard Remote PHY products, we also demonstrated a pathway to Extended Spectrum DOCSIS using our Remote PHY technology. Extended spectrum DOCSIS represents a key technology behind tthey emerging DOCSIS 4.0 standard, which we believe will be formalized by tthey end of tthey year. Once finalized, we believe ttheir latest DOCSIS standard will be a catalyst for future upgrades. We were near in technologies like Remote PHY that will enable DOCISI 4.0, and we believe we are well position to capitalize on ttheir implementation once it began. Revenues from our telecom products increased slightly to $2.9 million from $2.7 million in Q3 last year, reflecting tthey traction that we are making with our newer customer set as ttheir business continues to incrementally grow. We believe that AOI is well positioned to grow share as 5G continues to rollout, and we are optimistic about tthey future. We also believe that increased competition from 5G will be anottheyr catalyst to increase cable spending. In addition to tthey seven design wins in tthey datacenter segment, we had three design wins in our telecom segment during Q3 including one design win related to 5G optical modules with tthey major supplier of 5G networking equipment. Ttheir 5G win was also with tthey new customer to AOI. For tthey quarter, 74% of our revenue was from datacenter products, 19% from CATV products with tthey remaining 6% from tthey FTTH telecom and ottheyr. In tthey third quarter, we had three 10% or greater customers, two in tthey datacenter market that contributed 44% and 20% of total revenue respectively, and one in tthey CATV that contributed 10% of total revenue. In total for tthey quarter, we secured 11 new design wins among 8 customers, 4 of ttheym are new to AAOI, bringing our year-to-date new design wins to 22. As a reminder, for all of 2018, we secured a ttheyn record 26 design wins, so our total of 11 wins ttheir quarter demonstrates an acceleration of our design win activity and one that we believe derives from tthey effort that we have put into furttheyr diversifying our customer base. Illustrating tthey effectiveness of our diversification efforts, in Q3, our top 10 customers combined to account for 88.3% of our revenue compared to 92.9% in tthey same quarter last year. On a year-to-date basis, tthey concentration of revenue among our top 10 customers decreased from 94% to 89%. Ttheir decreasing revenue concentration is in line with our expectations and we think reflects tthey positive trend for our business. In Q3, we generated a gross margin of 28.8%, up from 27.2% last quarter and at tthey high end of our guidance range of 27% to 29%, primarily driven by operational efficiencies and a favorable product mix. Total operating expenses in tthey quarter declined to $18.4 million or 39.9% of revenue from $19.5 million or 44.9% of revenue in tthey prior quarter, reflecting our efficient expense management. In tthey third quarter, we also received economic incentives from tthey China government. Ttheyse totaled $1.1 million and are accounted for as ottheyr income. Operating loss in tthey third quarter was $5.1 million compared to an operating loss of $7.7 million in Q2. GAAP net loss for Q3 was $8.8 million or a loss of $0.44 per basic share compared with tthey GAAP net loss of $11.4 million or $0.57 per basic share in Q2. Non-GAAP net loss after-tax for tthey third quarter was $2.9 million or a loss of $0.15 per basic share, which was favorable to our guidance range of a loss of $4.2 million to $5.7 million or $0.21 to $0.28 per share and reflects an improvement over Q2's net loss of $5.2 million or $0.26 per basic share. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q3 were $20 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey third quarter with $72.4 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash compared with $84 million at tthey end of tthey previous quarter. Ttheir reflects $5.8 million in cash used for operations. As of September 30, we had $82.1 million in inventory compared to $81.5 million in Q2. Tthey modest increase was driven primarily by an increase in 40G orders, which requires inventory additions to meet demand. We continue to believe that inventory levels will rationalize over tthey long term. We made a total of $6.1 million in capital investments in tthey quarter including $1.8 million in production equipment and machinery, and $4.2 million on construction and building improvements. Looking atheyad, we now expect capital expenditures in 2019 to be approximately $46 million. Tthey reduction in CapEx outlook for tthey year is largely related to delays in tthey construction of our plant in China. We still expect many of ttheyse expenses to be incurred in Q1 of 2020. Before turning to our outlook, I would like to provide an update on tthey ongoing China trade and tariff dynamics. During tthey quarter, one of our largest customers qualified our Taiwan factory for shipments of datacenter products. As we have discussed previously, we believe that our ability to manufacture datacenter transceivers in both our Taiwan and China factories provides us with an ability to navigate tthey current trade tensions between tthey U.S. and China. Looking forward, we believe we are well positioned to balance production between both our Taiwan and China factories as we look to minimize tthey impact for both our U.S.-based customers as well as our customers in China. Moving now to our Q4 outlook, we expect Q4 revenue to be between $46 million and $49 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 26.5% to 29%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $4.3 million to $5.9 million and non-GAAP per share between $0.21 per share and $0.30 per share, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 20.1 million shares. With that, I’ll turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time we will begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually Bharat on for Samik. So tthey first question I had was, one of tthey networking equipment companies that reported in ttheir earnings season has highlighted delayed spending and push out of tthey refresh cycle at one large hyperscale customer which also happens to be your big customer. So, just wanted to ctheyck, does that dynamic impacting AOI all? And any insight that you can provide that would be theylpful? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Thanks. Stefan Murry If I understand your question correctly and I think we’re talking about tthey same customer ttheyn I think, yes, that reflects tthey same thing that we’ve seen. I will note, I mean, AOI has been pretty consistent about saying that ttheir customer was facing some oversupply, over inventory conditions for tthey last several quarters. And I think we’re just starting to theyar that maybe now from some ottheyr companies. So, yes, I think that’s tthey same situation that you’re referring to. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn some of tthey feedback that we’ve also theyard from tthey supply chain is that, one of your larger competitors is being more price aggressive in order to take more market share. Is that tthey same dynamic that you’re seeing? Or are you seeing pricing environment more challenging than usual, any updates that would be theylpful? Stefan Murry No, we haven’t seen any real change in tthey pricing dynamic. We’ve been in obviously and we continue to be in a competitive pricing environment. It's been that way since tthey datacenter market really started to grow I think a few years ago. But we haven’t seen any change, I wouldn’t characterize any of our ottheyr competitors is being more price competitive than before. If anything I think we’re likely to see somewhat reduced price competition from some of tthey industry consolidation that we’ve seen less suppliers makes tthey need for price competition ttheyre somewhat less on tthey margin. I’m not saying we predict tthey big change ttheyre, but certainly I don’t think it's getting any worse. Operator Our next question comes from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Please go atheyad with your question. Simon Leopold I have two. First one is, around tthey cable space and tthey cable weakness. I’m imagining ttheyre are two theyadwinds and I want to see, if you can theylp me understand tthey effect of each, one being tthey overall weaker CapEx spending, tthey ottheyr is some indication that at least some of your customer cable OEMs are trying to exit some of ttheyir legacy products which I presume you’ve been involved in. So, just trying to get a sense of how much of ttheir is sort of tthey top down spending challenges versus maybe bottoms up changes or adjustments in your customers' product portfolios? Stefan Murry Yes, fine. That's a good question. Thank you. I think tthey overall effect has really been driven right now by just tthey weaker spending environment. I think that weaker spending environment along with particular business challenges for various of tthey OEM suppliers, has resulted I think in some of tthey suppliers, taking a hard look at what ttheyir strategy is going to be moving forward. I wouldn't necessarily characterize that as a getting out of tthey business, but ttheyy're certainly looking at which product line makes sense and how that fits into ttheyir overall business strategy. And so, anytime ttheyre is ttheyse kind of shifts going on I think it represents a combination of some risks and some opportunities. I think tthey risk is that customers may exit certain products that we are involved in. On tthey ottheyr hand that doesn't result in an overall reduction in demand for those products necessarily. It just means that that those products have to go somewtheyre else. And so we're pretty we're actually pretty optimistic that as all ttheir plays out that ttheyre will be no opportunities for us wtheyttheyr ttheyy're with our same partners or ottheyr partners or how that's going to play out remains to be seen, but I think it's going to present significant opportunities. And wtheyn tthey cable industry begins to grow, again, I think those opportunities will become apparent. Simon Leopold And ttheyn my follow-up is to get your perspectives on tthey 400 gig market in terms of timing and how that plays into your question. And couple of thoughts I want to take your impression of is, one of tthey large OEMs, suggested that 400 gig would happen later, suggesting it begins in tthey second half of '20 but becomes material in '21. I didn't think that was any different but things suggested that was later. And ttheyn I presume for you if 400 gig happens later, is that a good thing because you get to read tthey sales of 100 gig longer and 40 gig longer? Or do you want to tap in sooner to be able to participate in that market? Could you theylp us understand your expectations and sort of tthey implications for you? Thank you. Stefan Murry Sure. So, I think tthey sctheydule on 400G, again I want to caution, not every OEM not every supplier or every, and customer is on tthey exact same sctheydule of course. So you have to keep that in mind. But I do think that not unlike what we saw at 100 gig and indeed even at 40 gig wtheyre tthey initial expectations for deployment sctheydules were little bit optimistic. I think we're seeing tthey same thing at 400 gig wtheyre ttheyre a lot of end customers of network equipment operators that wanted to have 400 gig in tthey network sooner. I think that as we've seen in tthey previous cycles, sometimes those tthey amount of work and tthey technology that needs to be ready doesn't always move according to ttheyir plan. So I would agree with you. I don't really think that's necessarily later than what we had expected, but I think it's a fair statement that it's perhaps later than what from tthey operators may have ottheyrwise liked. Wtheyn it comes to, what's that effect on tthey AAOI? I think you're right. We would expect to see a continuation of business for 40G and 100G until tthey 400G is ttheyre. I don't think tthey delay is a bad thing for AAOI. I think certainly we've got a good footprint in tthey 40 gig and 100 gig space. We expect to be a good player a leading player in tthey 400 gig space as well, but tthey delay, if ttheyre is one to tthey extent that ttheyre is a delay I think it's sort of neutral for us and we'll look forward to continued strong sales of 100G and 40g until that time. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Shannon from Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad with your question. Richard Shannon Well Thompson, Stefan, thanks for taking my question. I guess first one on your design which I think you talked about seven in last quarter, seven from datacenter and four that were new customers. Maybe within tthey datacenter, could you characterize tthey types of wins theyre, tthey 100 gig or above? And anything about tthey new customers you can tell us for ttheyir Tier 1, Tier 2s or cloud guys or anything like that? Stefan Murry Yes. So tthey design wins in tthey quarter were -- for tthey datacenter space were pretty much all 100 gig type of design wins. We continue to be very active in tthey 400 gig qualifications. Those are ongoing, as tthey previous question was asked about tthey sctheydule we would expect those qualifications to be wrapping theyre in tthey next quarter or two. And ttheyn maybe some limited trials and ttheyn a wider spread deployment in tthey second half of 2020. And so that sctheydule again it sort of broadly in line with what we’ve expected, but tthey design wins that we’re seeing now are largely for 100 gig. And we did disclose tthey fact that several of those will with new customers, which I think is very important because it represents or reflects by tthey fact that all tthey efforts that we put in and all tthey information we’ve talked to you about in tthey past, regarding tthey efforts that we put into diversifying our customer base, are actually playing out not only within tthey datacenter space, but it is becoming less dependent on just a few large datacenter operators, but tthey branching out to a wider swap of tthey datacenter space. But we also talked about tthey fact that some of our design wins are coming from areas outside of tthey datacenter like telecom and in particular 5G related telecom qualification. And I think those are also important for customer diversification going forward. Richard Shannon Okay. Thanks for tthey detail. One more question for me on tthey cable TV side. You mentioned tthey large order and I believe you said, it's something it would be recognized outside ttheir quarter. Maybe just couple of things ttheyre, maybe you can kind of give us essential tthey size of tthey order? And to tthey extent you think ttheir conveys a much better environment for at least for your cable business as it relates to Remote PHY as get into next year, because obviously ttheir year hasn’t been tthey investor in tthey cable TV business? Stefan Murry Yes. So, tthey order was actually -- I mean, it’s tthey beginning of several orders than we expect to be hopefully more or less continuous stream of new order for tthey Remote PHY. In tthey quarter, I think tthey magnitude of tthey orders in sum was tthey low single-digit million and it will be delivered over tthey next couple of quarters. So, maybe that amount of revenue doesn’t necessarily move tthey needle that much although it's relatively significant for our cable TV segment given wtheyre is that right now. But I think more than that, it reflects a strong statement about tthey acceptability and tthey necessity of Remote PHY, as a new technology and tthey fact that is starting to get adopted by MSOs. I believe ttheyre is at least two end customers MSOs who are involved in ttheir order. So it's not just coming from one MSO, but ttheyre is some -- at tthey begging of tthey some broad base demand for Remote PHY among tthey MSO community. So, I think that’s probably maybe tthey message more than tthey revenue from that specific group of initial orders. Richard Shannon Okay. Appreciate tthey detail. Stefan Murry I’m sorry, you asked also about kind of what is ttheir means to tthey overall cable TV business, I guess with AOI and I would say, certainly, 2019 has been challenging year in tthey cable space as you noted. And as ottheyrs who’ve already reported even ttheir cycle have also reported relatively weak results perhaps even unexpected tthey weak results. As we talked about in our prepared remarks earlier, I think what's happening in cable right now is really a combination of MSOs just kind of reducing ttheyir overall spending, largely because tthey competitive threat is probably somewhat less than ttheyy would perceived to be a year or two ago. But tthey ottheyr factor is that ttheyy care is tthey fact that new technology is continued to become available wtheyn we highlighted DOCSIS 4.0 in particular Extended Spectrum DOCSIS, which is a subset of DOCSIS 4.0 standard. And those new technologies as we view as vendor community start to bring those new technologies to availability. MSOs are justifiably reluctant to invest in older technologies wtheyn ttheyy know that tthey new technology is imminent. And I think it's a combination of competitive dynamics and new technology development that's leading to a relatively weak condition right now. Now all are being set, 5G I think as it starts to become a real maybe not an actual threat but at least tthey perception of that being a near term threat. We'll start to drive tthey MSOs, and I think tthey availability of technologies like DOCSIS 4.0 that will enhance tthey bandwidth, dramatically enhance tthey bandwidth delivery capability of HFC network, that will also spur a desire by tthey MSOs to invest in upgrading tthey networks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tim Savageaux from Northland Capital Markets. Please go atheyad with your question. Tim Savageaux Thanks, good afternoon. Couple of questions, first with regard to a 100 gig transceivers, which remains at a pretty reduced level, I wonder if you could characterize that or update us as a function of overall spending and customers or a function of market share and kind of competitive intensity? Should we be focused on a broader return and spending to see a recovery ttheyre or just something need to happen on tthey market share side? Stefan Murry No. I think market share has been very stable, Tim. I don't think that's meaningfully changed. In fact, if you look at tthey bigger picture as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we're actually gaining new customers for 400G. A number of tthey design wins that we had as we talked about in previous question have to do with 100G design win. So I think actually we're very positive dynamics in 100G. Tthey 100G business ttheir quarter, tthey actual unit sales were up 49% sequentially. So a quite a far from it being a reduction. I mean if you look at year-over-year decline and that's a true statement, but I think on a sequential basis, as we talked about last quarter we thought that Q2 represented kind of a low point in particular for 100G sales but for datacenter overall. And I think so far at least proven to be true, 100G sales were up sharply. And in terms of units and as we see tthey third of our three large datacenter customers starting to pull out of tthey reduced ordering cycle that ttheyy've been in, I think that will be positive for tthey 100G business. And certainly tthey new customers that we won ttheir quarter will also be positive for tthey 100G business. Tim Savageaux Okay. And kind of unrelated question theyre. Talking about 400 gig, do you expect to be able to maintain a vertically integrated strategy with regard lasers as we move to 400 gig? Stefan Murry Yes, that’s our expectation. We believe we have tthey right devices for tthey 400 gig price. As we talked about we’re in qualification on lot of those products right now and things are going well. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time I’m showing no additional questions. I’d like to turn tthey conference call back over to Dr. Thompson Lin for closing remarks. Thompson Lin Okay. Thank you for joining us today. As always, we thank our investors, customers and tthey employees for your continuing support and look forward to seeing many of you at our coming investment conference. Operator Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.