Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Cassidy Fuller - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Richard Shannon - Craig-Hallum Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker’s remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Cassidy Fuller, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Fuller, you may begin. Cassidy Fuller Thank you. I'm Cathy Fuller, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics. I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's first quarter 2022 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its first quarter 2022 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call are Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q1 results, and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey second quarter of 2022. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you to review AOI's safe harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks can and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intend, predict, expect, plan, may, should, could, would, will or things and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovation as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey second quarter of 2022. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports and filed with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Also, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. I'd like you to know that date of our second quarter 2022 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for August 4, 2022. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Cassidy, and thank you for joining our call today. Turning to tthey fourth quarter, we delivered revenue and gross margin in line with our expectations and non-GAAP EPS above our expectations. During tthey quarter, we continued to see strong demand in tthey CATV market and improving conditions in tthey telecom market. Total revenue for tthey fourth quarter increased 5.1% year-over-year to $52.2 million. Total revenue in our CATV segment of $25 million was up 34% year-over-year and was slightly higtheyr compared to Q4. Tthey overall CATV demand environment remains strong as we see increased activity and orders throughout tthey year and into early 2023. We are working to add additional capacity to middle elevated demand. Total revenue for our data center products of $21.4 million decreased 17.4% year-over-year and 15% sequentially as several of our customers continue to reduce ttheyir 400G and 100G purchase, while our run of next-generation 400G is still in tthey early stage. We can notice ttheyse strong customer balance ttheyyet on 400G, and I'm very pleased to report that during tthey quarter, AOI sorted by a major hyperscale data center customers as a vendor for several of our 400G products. We have a long relationship with ttheir customer and have theirtorically been a significant supplier of ttheyir early 4G and 100G transceiver needs. Pending tthey completion of finer interoperability testing with tthey company's ottheyr prospective vendors, we expect orders to begin in Q3 with deliveries led in Q3 or in early Q4. During tthey fourth quarter, we secured one new design win, which was a 400G transceiver product for hyperscale gas center operators. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q1 performance and outlook for Q2. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thomson. As Thompson mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP EPS above our expectations and revenue and gross margin in line with our expectations. During tthey quarter, we saw continued growth in tthey CATV market and improving conditions in tthey telecom market. During tthey quarter, we secured one new design win, a 400G transceiver product for a hyperscale data center operator. As Thompson mentioned, we are pleased to report that AOI was selected by anottheyr major hyperscale data center customer as a vendor for several of our 400G products. We have a long relationship with ttheir customer and have theirtorically been a significant supplier of ttheyir earlier 40G and 100G transceiver needs. Pending tthey completion of finer interoperability testing with tthey company's ottheyr prospective vendors, we expect orders to begin in Q3 with deliveries late in Q3 or early in Q4. Total first quarter revenue of $52.2 million increased 5.1% compared to tthey first quarter of 2021 and decreased 4% sequentially. Our Q1 revenue was in line with our guidance range of $51 million to $54 million. In tthey first quarter, 48% of our revenue was from our CATV products, 41% was from our data center products, with tthey remaining 11% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. In our CATV products segment, tthey overall demand environment continues to grow as MSOs, particularly in North America, continue purchasing additional capacity to upgrade ttheyir networks. We generated CATV revenue of $25 million, up 34% year-over-year and up 0.2% sequentially. As a reminder, our CATV results are typically negatively impacted in Q1 by tthey loss of production days that occurs during tthey Lunar New Year holiday in China, wtheyre most of our CATV products are produced. Tthey slight sequential growth reflects tthey increased capacity that we have added, which more than compensated for tthey loss in production days. Looking atheyad, we continue to have good visibility with CATV orders as we see our backlog stretching throughout 2022 and into 2023. We are working to add additional capacity in both our China factory and our Taiwan factory to meet ttheir growing demand. We believe tthey conditions in our CATV market are likely to remain highly favorable into 2023. Our Q1 data center revenue came in at $21.4 million, down 17.4% year-over-year and down 15% sequentially. In tthey first quarter, 73% of our data center revenue was from our 100G products. 18% was from our 40G transceiver products and 1.4% was from our 200G and 400G transceiver products. Now turning to our telecom segment. Revenue from our telecom products of $5.3 million, was up 17.5% year-over-year and up 6.1% sequentially. We were pleased to see telecom rebound ttheir quarter as tthey China Telecom market recovered. Looking atheyad, we expect telecom revenue to remain lumpy quarter-to-quarter, however, especially given tthey challenging environment in China due to COVID-19. For tthey first quarter, our top 10 customers represented 88.6% of revenue, down from 90.5% in Q1 of tthey prior year. We had two 10% or greater customers in tthey first quarter, one in tthey CATV market and one in tthey data center market. Ttheyse customers contributed 39% and 19.4% of total revenue, respectively. In Q1, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 17.5%, which was at tthey high end of our guidance range of 15.5% to 17.5%, and was down slightly from 17.6% in Q4 of 2021 and 24.6% in Q1 of 2021. Tthey decline in our gross margin was mostly due to continued challenges with tthey supply chain. Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey first quarter were $19.6 million, or 37.5% of revenue, down from $20.6 million or 41.4% of revenue in Q1 of tthey prior year. Looking forward, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to hover around $20 million per quarter for tthey rest of tthey year. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey first quarter was $10.4 million compared to an operating loss of $8.4 million in Q1 of tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q1 was $16.1 million, or a loss of $0.58 per basic share compared with a GAAP net loss of $15.6 million, or a loss of $0.59 per basic share in Q1 of 2021. On a non-GAAP basis, our net loss for Q1 was $7.9 million or a loss of $0.29 per basic share, which was better than our guidance range of a loss of $8.3 million to $9.5 million, or a loss per share in tthey range of $0.30 to $0.35 per basic share, and compares to a net loss of $5.5 million or a loss of $0.21 per basic share in Q1 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q1 were $27.5 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey first quarter with $40.1 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $41.1 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. We ended tthey quarter with total debt of $67.2 million, up from $62.9 million last quarter. As of March 31, we had $92 million in inventory compared to $92.5 million at tthey end of Q4. Inventory decreased, primarily due to utilization of inventory for customer orders. We made a total of $1 million in capital investments in tthey first quarter, including $0.7 million in production equipment and machinery and $0.2 million in construction and building improvements. Before turning to guidance, I would first like to discuss tthey supply chain environment. We saw supply constraints continue to lessen throughout Q1, and we did not see significant impact from shortages in tthey quarter. However, towards tthey end of tthey quarter, lockdowns in Shanghai began to affect several of our suppliers for our CATV products. We expect that ttheyse shutdowns will negatively impact our revenue in Q2 by approximately $3 million. We do expect to recover ttheir delayed revenue once conditions in China normalize. Moving now to our Q2 outlook. We expect Q2 revenue to be between $56 million and $59 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 16.5% to 18%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $8.4 million to $9.5 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.30 and $0.34, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 27.6 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Richard Shannon with Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Richard Shannon Great. Thank you. And Thomson and Stefan, thanks for getting me on tthey queue theyre. Let's see, a couple of questions. Maybe starting with tthey sales guidance for tthey second quarter. Joe, you just mentioned some supply chain of about a $3 million impact, and it sounds like -- at least, I would guess it's mostly from cable TV. Can you verify that that's wtheyre you're seeing most of tthey impact? And ttheyn, just maybe talk generally speaking about tthey relative growth of each of your primary segments of sales for tthey quarter. Stefan Murry Sure. Yes. So tthey supply chain issues that we called out that we expect to result in about $3 million revenue hit compared to what we would ottheyrwise have due to that supply chain constraint. That was in China, and it was related to our Cable TV product, as you mentioned. As you -- your second question had to do with tthey relative... Richard Shannon Growth within tthey major segments, cable TV, data center, et cetera, that leads to your... Thompson Lin Yes. I mean, I'm not sure what exactly tthey question is. But clearly, cable TV is growing relatively robustly. Data center has been in a bit of a decline, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, because many of our customers are reducing ttheyir, spend on 40-gig and 100-gig. And tthey 400-gig for us has just started to ramp. We noted in our prepared remarks, that we have a new hyperscale customer that just notified us that we're going to be one of ttheyir selected vendors, for 400-gig. So that's good news, but tthey revenue for that won't start until later in Q3 or early Q4, as we noted. So in tthey meantime, we're seeing a little bit of decline in tthey data center business. On tthey telecom business, we did note that tthey telecom business grew substantially, sequentially. However, most of that growth is coming in China. So I want to be really cautious about trying to project that forward. We've said for tthey last few quarters that we expect tthey telecom business in China, especially to be kind of lumpy up and down. And that's what we've seen. And that's basically what I would continue to expect. Tthey situation in China with COVID definitely exacerbated tthey expectation that ttheyre's not going to be sustained growth until after ttheyy can at least get past that period. Richard Shannon Okay. That is theylpful. Following up on one of your comments on 400-gig, you said -- I think you're not using tthey word design win, but we notified you expect it to be a supplier with a major hyperscale or maybe just a few details on ttheir. Is ttheir tthey U.S. or international hyperscaler. Can you describe which versions of 400-gig ttheyre? And ttheyn what do you see as kind of tthey -- any way you characterize dollar opportunity over a period of time from tthey win? Stefan Murry Sure. So it's a U.S. customer. It's theirtorically been one of, and in some cases, our largest data center customer. We haven't disclosed what exactly types of 400-gig products out ttheyre for competitive reasons. And as far as tthey dollar opportunity goes, I mean, it should be a pretty sizable opportunity. We can't put an exact figure on it yet because we don't know -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're still finalizing tthey interoperability testing. And so until that's done and we know kind of who tthey ottheyr players are and what our relative positioning is, it's difficult to project tthey potential dollar figure for AOI. But I would note, I mean, again, ttheir is a customer that we were theirtorically been ttheyir largest supplier for certain of ttheyir applications, including at 100-gig, and ttheir is ttheyir next-generation product. So it's a sizable opportunity for us. Richard Shannon Okay. I appreciate that perspective. Just one last kind of big picture question for you, Stefan, obviously, I think tthey big question for a lot of investors is thinking about your path to breakeven, obviously, if you going to require some sales scale, some growth theyre from ttheyse levels. And ttheyn, presumably with that, we should see some gross margins improve theyre. Maybe you can talk a little bit about how you kind of see your breakeven model now? What's tthey kind of tthey possibility of seeing that happen maybe next year or something like that? Just kind of give us a sense of how you see that happening? Stefan Murry Well, as we said in our prepared remarks, I mean, I expect tthey operating expenses to be kind of stabilized at about $20 million a quarter, wtheyre ttheyy have been theirtorically for a while. So doing tthey math, obviously, getting to breakeven ttheyn will require growth in sales, as you mentioned, in some growth in gross margin. We discussed last time on tthey call that we think we can get back to tthey mid-20% gross margin range. It's difficult to project wtheyn given all tthey supply issues that we've had and lingering COVID concerns and all that, it's hard to put an exact time frame on that, but we certainly need to be back in tthey mid-20% range in terms of margin. And ttheyn revenue, you can figure out from ttheyre, but it certainly needs to be $70 million or higtheyr under any reasonable circumstance for gross margin. So that's kind of tthey puts and takes on it. Richard Shannon Okay. That's great for me. I'll jump out of line and give tthey queue away. Thank you. Stefan Murry Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Richard Shannon with Craig. Please go atheyad. Richard Shannon Thanks. Stefan, maybe I'll throw in one more question theyre within your data center segments. I think you're calling out some weakness theyre in 40-gig, not sure if ttheir is kind of a kind of flat to declining business over time theyre, probably most people would expect that to a degree. But maybe you can talk about your 100-gig business theyre. You kind of -- if you look over tthey last number of quarters, it looks kind of flattish. Some market participants see ttheir as a modestly growing market. I want to get your sense of what you're seeing for that revenue stream. Stefan Murry Yes. I mean, it's been relatively flat. I mean, we're not expecting large drops. However, as I noted, one of our customers, very large customer is in tthey process of playing ttheyir transition from 100-gig to 400-gig. And we've been selected, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, as a 400-gig supplier. So in tthey meantime, we expect ttheyir 100-gig business will decline somewhat in anticipation of that 400-gig and that's pretty much what we expect to see. Richard Shannon Okay. Perfect. That's all from me again. Thank you. Stefan Murry Okay. Very good. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. And I will turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin for closing remarks. Thompson Lin Again, thank you for joining us today. As always, we want to extend to thank to you, to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support, and we will look forward to seeing many of you virtually at our upcoming Investor Conference. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.