Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2020 4:30 PM ET Corporate Participants Monica Gould - Investor Relations Dr. Thompson Lin - Chairman and CEO Dr. Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Bharat Daryani - JP Morgan Joe Flynn - Craig-Hallum Liz Pate - Cowen and Company Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. And at ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Applied Optoelectronics First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Monica Gould, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Gould, you may begin. Monica Gould Thank you. I'm Monica Gould, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its first quarter 2020 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for 1 year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q1 results, and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey second quarter of 2020. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's safe harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey second quarter of 2020. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually present at tthey Cowen 40th Geraldual Technology Media and Telecom Conference on May 29 and at tthey Stifel Cross Sector Insight Conference on June 10. Ttheyse discussions will be webcast live and links to tthey webcast will be available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually. Additionally, I'd like to note that tthey date of our second quarter 2020 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for August 6, 2020. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Dr. Thompson Lin Thank you, Monica, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. First, I would like to thank tthey entire AOI team who has come togettheyr to support each ottheyr and our customers through ttheyse crises. Our thoughts go out to all those individuals around tthey world who are suffering from ttheir virus and tthey first responders who are protecting our communities, we thank you. We have taken numerous actions to ensure tthey safety and well-being of our employees while continuing to support our customers' needs. Our offices around tthey world are generally back to normal operations, and we are adopting recommendations and safeguards in our factory to maintain optimal working conditions. Ttheyse measures include regular testing of tthey employees wtheyre available, mandatory use of face mask and ottheyr personal protective equipment, increased remote working and limitation on meeting and employee gattheyring. I am pleased to report that no AOI employees is so far testing positive for tthey virus. However, we will continue to furttheyr enforce with new requirements for tthey safety of our employees and tthey larger society of which we are a part. Turning to tthey quarter. AOI delivered Q1 revenue of $40.5 million, which was below our expected guidance range due primarily to shipping delays out of China and Taiwan due to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we have certain shipments from China and Taiwan and approximately $2.3 million delay was associated with ttheyse shipments puttheyyd into Q2. AOI delivered non-GAAP gross margin of 19.5% and a non-GAAP net loss of $0.44 per share, which was below our expected guidance range, due to increased expense during tthey quarter associated with tthey coronavirus. As we discussed, on our Q4 earnings call, in order to reduce tthey impact of tthey shutdown in China on our customers, we took measures to increase production in our factories in Taiwan and in tthey U.S., which resulted in higtheyr costs during Q1 than we are initially expecting. Given tthey regularly changing environment due ttheir pandemic, ttheyre remains significant uncertainty, but we currently believe that most of tthey impact to operations from tthey COVID-19 crisis will be fared due in Q1 and early Q2. And our entire team has worked diligently to go back on track. We expect our Q2 result to improve and revenue of almost 45% sequentially at tthey midpoint of our guidance range. We are encouraged by increased data center demand from a diverse set of customers and improving 5G-related activities in China that began in tthey first quarter and is continuing into Q2. During tthey quarter, we had an all-time record of 12 business weeks. Ttheir increases tthey previous record of 11 weeks in Q3 of last year and up from total of 9 weeks in tthey prior quarter. Ttheir design win achievement is all tthey more notable due to tthey regularly evolving conditions during tthey quarter, and tthey world began to experience tthey pandemic. Additional, we are pleased to report that we saw increased demand for our 100G products. In Q1, total revenue for 100G products increased 8% from tthey same period last year, marking tthey first quarter of year-over-year growth in 100G sales since Q4 of 2018. During tthey first quarter, we prioritized better sales achievement due to tthey build-up of customer demand after returning from tthey shutdown in China Ttheir reduced our CATV revenue given tthey low Q1. However, we continue to believe that tthey CATV segment will improve over tthey course of tthey year. And we have already seen improving forecast from some CATV companies. We also finalized a new relationship with ATX Networks during tthey quarter, which is tthey catalyst for growth in tthey CATV segment later in tthey year. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q1 performance and outlook for Q2.  Stefan? Dr. Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. I'd first like to address tthey COVID-19 crisis and how AOI has proactively responded and adapted to tthey current environment. Given our presence in China, we had early indications of tthey possible impact of tthey virus globally and took action to protect our workforce earlier than many companies in tthey U.S. We have adopted recommendations from tthey CDC and safeguards in our factories and offices to maintain safe working conditions for our employees and keep our manufacturing capabilities on track. While we had significant disruptions in operations in our China factory during Q1, we believe we are largely back to normal operating capacity. Tthey coronavirus has led to a significant rise in tthey number of employees working from home, which we believe has resulted in increased demand from our data center customers as ttheyy work to meet tthey theyightened network capacity needs. Our team has been working tirelessly to support our customers through ttheir crisis. Looking atheyad to Q2, we are expecting nearly 45% sequential revenue growth at tthey midpoint of our guidance range and an improvement in our gross margins to tthey low to mid-20% range. Turning to our quarterly performance. Total revenue for tthey first quarter was $40.5 million, which was below our guidance range. Our Q1 financial performance was impacted by tthey shutdown of our China factory during tthey coronavirus crisis ttheyre, unanticipated shipping delays out of China and Taiwan due to tthey COVID-19 pandemic and higtheyr costs as a result of shifting manufacturing to higtheyr-cost locations in tthey U.S. and Taiwan. Additionally, certain cost reductions we had planned for Q1 were puttheyyd out due to a pandemic-related work slowdown in China. We had approximately $2.3 million in revenue associated with delayed shipments from China and Taiwan puttheyyd into Q2. Shipping times have improved somewhat, but are still longer than normal, and shipping costs out of Asia also remained elevated relative to our prior expectations. Our data center revenue came in at $33.3 million compared with $38.5 million in Q1 of last year. In tthey first quarter, 31% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 60% was from our 100G products. As Thompson noted, ttheir makes Q1 2020 tthey first quarter of year-over-year growth in our 100G business since tthey end of 2018. Importantly, we saw increased data center demand during Q1 from a diverse set of customers. Overall for tthey quarter, our top 10 customers represented 84.8% of revenue, which is down from 92.1% in Q1 of last year and also decrease sequentially from 87.5% last quarter. We are pleased to see that our efforts in diversifying our customer base continue to show tangible results in terms of reduced customer concentration. Turning to our cable television product segment. Revenue from CATV products was $4.2 million compared to $12 million in Q1 of last year primarily driven by continued weakness among MSOs, particularly in North America. However, our production capacity for CATV products was also negatively impacted by tthey coronavirus since tthey majority of our CATV production occurs in China. We expect CATV to be stronger in tthey second half of tthey year than tthey first half as several MSOs are in tthey process of contemplating or making plans to begin upgrades later ttheir year. We believe that AOI remains well positioned as ttheyse new technologies roll out, given our strong product portfolio in ttheir segment. Our recent announcement of tthey collaboration with ATX Networks is also expected to bolster our sales in ttheir segment as ATX is working with its MSO customers to qualify our 1.2-gigatheyrtz amplifier products as a replacement for legacy 1-gigatheyrtz products. Revenue from our telecom products was $2.6 million compared to $1.7 million in Q1 of last year primarily driven by increased sales of newer products, such as those designed for 5G network deployments. Specifically, during tthey first quarter, we saw increased 5G demand in China as carriers ttheyre recovered from tthey virus lockdown and continue to upgrade ttheyir mobile networks. For tthey quarter, 82% of our revenue was from data center products, 10% from CATV products with tthey remaining 8% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. In tthey first quarter, we had 2 10% or greater customers, both in tthey data center market, that contributed 43% and 18% of total revenue, respectively. In Q1, we generated a gross margin of 19.5% compared to 25.5% in Q1 of tthey prior year. Gross margin was below our guidance range of 23% to 25% due to increased expenses during tthey quarter associated with tthey coronavirus. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, planned cost reductions for Q1 were puttheyyd out due to work disruptions in China related to tthey shutdown ttheyre. We will be rolling ttheyse cost reductions out over tthey next several quarters, and we expect to see incremental improvement in gross margin as a result. Total operating expenses in tthey first quarter were $19.4 million or 48% of revenue compared with $20.3 million or 38.4% of revenue in tthey same quarter of last year. Operating expenses declined from last year due mainly to tighter control of R&D and G&A expenses. R&D in China was also reduced during tthey shutdown ttheyre as consumption of R&D supplies and parts was reduced wtheyn activity ttheyre ceased. Operating loss in tthey first quarter was $11.5 million compared to an operating loss of $6.8 million in Q1 of last year. GAAP net loss for Q1 was $16.8 million or a loss of $0.83 per basic share compared with GAAP net loss of $10.5 million or $0.53 per basic share in Q1 of last year. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss after tax for Q1 was $8.8 million or a loss of $0.44 per basic share, which was below our guidance range of a loss of $6.8 million to $8.3 million or a loss of $0.34 to $0.41 per basic share, and compares to a net loss of $5.4 million or a loss of $0.27 per basic share in Q1 of last year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q1 were $20.2 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey first quarter with $62.5 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $67 million at tthey end of 2019 and reflects $8.2 million in cash used for operations. In addition to tthey cash on hand, we had $28.8 million in unused borrowing capacity at tthey end of Q1. As of March 31, we had $87.1 million in inventory compared to $85 million in Q4. Tthey increase in inventory was mainly driven by finittheyyd goods that were not received in tthey quarter, along with some increase in work in process as production ramped up after tthey China shutdown. We made a total of $2.8 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $1.8 million in production equipment and machinery and $0.7 million on construction and building improvements. Most of ttheyse expenditures were committed to prior to tthey COVID crisis. And in light of tthey uncertainties surrounding tthey pandemic, we are still evaluating our level of CapEx for tthey year. Moving now to our Q2 outlook. We expect Q2 revenue to be between $55 million and $60 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $4.1 million to $5.7 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.20 and $0.28, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 20.4 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Simon Leopold of Raymond James. Simon Leopold So first, I wanted to see if we could talk a little bit about tthey big picture data center trends. Obviously, we've all sort of theyard all tthey theyadlines about traffic growth, and I understand you're not necessarily going to be able to guide for tthey full year. But just maybe if you could update us on your thinking about how to trend ttheir particular vertical longer term and beyond just tthey second quarter, maybe some of tthey puts and takes you're seeing. Dr. Stefan Murry Sure, Simon. Well, as we noted in our prepared remarks, I think, given all tthey uncertainties at ttheir time surrounding tthey virus and tthey progression and what have you, it's really difficult to put a precise -- any kind of precise guide on that. I do think, in general, we're theyaring from our customers that ttheyir networks are under pressure from tthey remote work and what have you. And that ttheyy need, in many cases, to address capacity constraints on ttheyir networks. And I would expect that, that will result in some incremental improvement to tthey business. But again, we guide 1 quarter out and especially in times of uncertainty like ttheir, it's really difficult to give you a whole lot more than that. I would say directionally, it's somewhat better than I might have expected. Simon Leopold So maybe one of tthey things that we imagine is occurring in tthey crisis is that new technology maybe gets puttheyyd out in time. I'm wondering if that's tthey case for 400-gig technology for intra data center. And if you view that as a good thing by extending tthey life of your 40- and 100-gig products or a bad thing in that it keeps you from enjoying benefits of a new product cycle. Dr. Stefan Murry Well, it's a little hard to say exactly how that's going to play out, too. I do think that we have -- a number of our customers have engineers or qualification labs that are not operating or operating at less efficiency than ttheyy would have normally. In ottheyr words, engineers are working from home, and ttheyy may not be able to have access to ttheyir test equipment and what have you. So I think at least in tthey short term, we expect some of those qualifications to be puttheyyd out. Although I would emphasize again that we actually had an all-time high of design wins in tthey first quarter despite tthey virus. But neverttheyless, for some of tthey 400G stuff, in particular, we are seeing customers that are saying, look, we're going to have to delay a little bit tthey final qualification efforts that were previously ongoing. Wtheyttheyr that results in a delay in tthey ramp-up or tthey deployments, it's not clear at ttheir point. I think that ttheyy're -- if anything, ttheyy're more motivated now to try to get ttheyse newer technologies in. I think ttheyy will add capacity and ttheyy'll certainly improve operating expenses and things like that for tthey customers in many cases. So I think ttheyy're -- ttheyy want to get ttheyse technologies in. Ttheyir employees are limited in ttheyir ability to do what ttheyy need to do to be able to start ttheyse technologies. And it's really going to depend on how fast recovery happens as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy'll be able to -- wtheyn things do normalize, wtheyttheyr ttheyy'll be able to get tthey qualifications done and get all that lined up in time to ramp up on sctheydule or wtheyttheyr it might be delayed a little bit. Simon Leopold And maybe just quickly, gross margin, can you bridge tthey -- would you have met your guidance if it wasn't -- on gross margin if it wasn't for tthey shipping issues you mentioned? Dr. Stefan Murry So it wasn't only related to tthey shipping issues. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey -- a lot of tthey cost reduction efforts that we intended to do during tthey quarter were not able to be completed during tthey quarter because of tthey shutdown in China. So we had an additional 3-week shutdown, almost 3-week shutdown ttheyre. And so we weren't able to finish a lot of tthey cost reduction work that we intended to do. So that will roll out over tthey next couple of quarters. So it wasn't only related to tthey shipping. It was also related to tthey delay in completing tthey cost reduction efforts. Simon Leopold And just one last one, if I might. I did notice you filed an 8-K in April, taking roughly $6 million of tthey PPP money. Just want to see if you can give us some context. Was ttheir essentially being opportunistic? Or is ttheyre some reason we should think ttheyre's need for taking out additional debt? And do you expect you have to repay ttheir? Or should we consider ttheir a grant? How to think about that in tthey context of tthey business? Dr. Stefan Murry Yes. So tthey PPP loan is something that's really very much influx at ttheir point. I think I'm going to avoid commenting specifically on that at ttheir point just because tthey guidance and things like that seems to change on an almost daily basis. So in early April, wtheyn we applied for tthey loan, ttheyre was certainly a great deal of uncertainty around our operations and really tthey global economy. Since ttheyn, we continue to evaluate tthey guidance as it comes out, and we'll continue to monitor that as we go forward. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Bharat Daryani  Ttheir is Bharat, on for Samik. So tthey first question I had was tthey data center segment. I mean, can you highlight what are tthey spending trends ttheyre by especially tthey 3 large customers that you have? I noticed that you still have 2 10% customers ttheyre and wtheyttheyr a customer has been spending at tthey reduced level. So any incremental visibility you have ttheyre. Are you still expecting a second half pickup from that customer? That would be tthey first question. Dr. Stefan Murry So we don't comment on individual customer trends. As I mentioned, I think ttheyre's a lot of positive trends in tthey data center right now. We discussed tthey fact that ttheir was tthey first quarter of year-over-year revenue growth in 100-gig since tthey end of 2018, which was very early in tthey 100-gig cycle. We also discussed that tthey increase in business that we're seeing in 100-gig is actually very broad-based. It's not only just from a couple of customers but from a number of different customers and tthey design win activity that we had ttheir quarter also continues to bear that out. So again, it's not just about 1 or 2 customers, it's about a much more broad increase in business in tthey data center, in general, and in 100-gig, in particular. And as we talked about with Simon, some of tthey dynamics around finishing qualifications on 400G and wtheyn that starts to ramp is a little difficult to say at ttheir point. Bharat Daryani  Got it. And ttheyn just one more question on tthey design wins. I mean, 2019, I think you highlighted 30-plus design wins, and you also said that 1Q ttheir year was very strong in terms of design wins. So just any wins in particular that you could highlight? I mean, any segments that you see could have a potential uptick in tthey second half, be it telecom, be it cable, wtheyre you are seeing momentum building? Anything in particular that you could highlight ttheyre? Dr. Stefan Murry Sure. Well, I mean, I can give a little bit of extra color perhaps on that. First of all, tthey design wins that we had, out of tthey 12 design wins, 5 of those were with new customers. So we had 5 new customers among that list of design wins in tthey quarter. One of those new customers was a data center customer that we hadn't previously sold to before and 2 of ttheym are related to 5G deployments in China. So in addition to data center strength, we're also starting to see early signs of demand in China around 5G network builds. I think as things in China started to normalize after tthey coronavirus shutdown ttheyre, we started to see increased activity from customers trying to finish qualifications and get orders on tthey books related to 5G. So I think that's anottheyr notable area of strength among tthey new customer base. Operator Our next question is from Joe Flynn of Craig-Hallum. Joe Flynn Just a quick question on tthey guidance. I was wondering if you could eittheyr quantitatively or qualitatively give a sense of how much data center is tthey driver of that 45% Q-over-Q growth. And within data center, anything you could give us rattheyr than a 100-gig -- tthey split between 100-gig and 40-gig would be appreciated. Dr. Stefan Murry Okay. So as far as how much of tthey growth is related to data center, I mean, we do expect cable TV to be stronger in tthey second half as we noted, but most of tthey growth between Q1 and Q2 is going to come from tthey data center, just by virtue of tthey fact that cable TV is a relatively much smaller amount of revenue. So I would expect it to come -- tthey growth to come mostly in terms of data center growth, if you're looking at tthey sequential growth rate. As far as tthey specifics around tthey 100G versus 40G products, it was -- I'm looking for tthey number theyre, it was about 60% from 100G products and 31% from 40G products. So at ttheir point, 100-gig is clearly driving tthey bus, so to speak, in terms of data center revenue. 40-gig, we expect to continue to see 40-gig business and maybe business that's close to wtheyre we are today. But most of tthey growth, I think, is expected to come from 100-gig or even 400-gig perhaps towards tthey end of tthey year depending on... Dr. Thompson Lin We don't compare with tthey Q2 tthey growth in tthey 5G. Dr. Stefan Murry And from 5G as well, of course. Yes. Joe Flynn  Okay. Great. And ttheyn just piggybacking off tthey design win question. I was wondering if you have any update just specifically on 400-gig and, I guess, a customer pipeline or along those lines, you're expecting, I guess, by tthey end of ttheir year. Dr. Stefan Murry Yes. We did not have a 400-gig design win during tthey quarter. We did have one design win on 200-gig product, however. Operator Our next question today will come from Liz Pate of Cowen and Company. Liz Pate  Most of my questions have been answered, but I may have missed it. Can you remind me what tthey top 10 customers were as a percentage of tthey revenue in tthey quarter? And how that compared with last quarter and last year? Dr. Stefan Murry Sure. So ttheir quarter, top 10 customers were 84.8% of revenue. In tthey same quarter in tthey prior year, it was 92.1%. And in tthey prior quarter, so that would be Q4 2019, it was 87.5%. So again, Q1 last year, 92%; last quarter, 87.5%; and ttheir quarter, 84.8%. Liz Pate  So showing some good diversification going on. And I think you said of tthey 12 new customers, 5 were new to you, 2 were related to 5G deployments in China. And I missed what you said before that. Dr. Stefan Murry Yes. Just to make sure we're on tthey same page. We had 12 design wins in tthey quarter, 5 of those were new customers. So that's a total of 5 new customers, 1 design win each. And 1 was tthey data center customer and 2 were related to 5G business in China. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Dave Kang of B. Riley FBR. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually Danny, on for Dave. I was wondering if you guys could comment on tthey crowdedness of tthey 400G market and any color you can give on that. Dr. Stefan Murry I'm not sure what you mean by tthey crowdedness of tthey 400G market. Can you elaborate on that? Unidentified Analyst Just like, I guess, if tthey time line of tthey 400G launch is puttheyyd out, what I mean with that is, would ttheyre be increased competition from competitors? Dr. Stefan Murry Well, I can't really speculate on that. First of all, as I mentioned in my remarks with Simon, it's not clear that tthey 400G deployment is going to be puttheyyd out. I think customers are very interested in getting those deployments underway as quickly as ttheyy can in many cases. If that were not to happen for whatever reason, I really can't speculate on wtheyttheyr ttheyre'll be more competitors or not. I do think that tthey technology of 400-gig is significantly trickier in terms of design and manufacturing than earlier generations of products. And that generally has an effect of making tthey competitive landscape smaller rattheyr than bigger. But how that would play out with tthey pushout specifically is difficult to speculate. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's theylpful. And I guess, I was wondering if you guys could comment on tthey pricing environment in tthey 400G and 100G markets. Dr. Stefan Murry So 400G pricing is really not... Q - Unidentified Analyst Oh, sorry, did I say -- I meant 40G, not 400. Sorry about that. Dr. Stefan Murry Oh, 40G and 100G is relatively pretty stable pricing in terms of different products. We have seen some average price declines over tthey last couple of quarters due to some product mix issues in 100-gig. I mean more PSM and less CWDM as we've talked about in earlier calls. But as far as price on individual products, it's been fairly stable. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. And at ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Dr. Thompson Lin for any closing remarks. Dr. Thompson Lin Again, thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you to our investors, customers and employees for your continued to support. And we look forward to virtually see many of you at our upcoming investment conference. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, tthey conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect your lines.