Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - IR Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman and CEO Stefan Murry - CFO and CSO Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Paul Silverstein - Cowen Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Ryan Koontz - Rosenblatt Securities Tim Savageaux - Northland Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Applied Optoelectronics' Fourth Quarter 2020 and Full Year Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese. Please go atheyad. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q4 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey first quarter of 2021. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believe, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey first quarter of 2021. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually participate at tthey Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference on March 1st. Tthey presentation of ttheir conference will be webcast live and links to tthey webcast will be available on tthey Investor Relations section of AOI website. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually. Additionally, I'd like to note that tthey date of our first quarter 2021 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for May 6, 2021. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, everyone for joining us today. To compare 2020, I'm proud of tthey entire AOI team and tthey progress that we have made ttheir year. Despite a slow start and end to tthey year was challenging and evolving market dynamics. We are encouraged by tthey double-digit revenue growth we generated in 2020, which was driven by growth in each of our three major business segments with fewer 30 total design wins last year compared with tthey record 31 in 2019. Given tthey difficulty around tthey pandemic last year, I'm very pleased with tthey wins that we got. We'll continuing to expand tthey reach of our product to a diverse customer base evident by tthey declining concentration of revenue from our top 10 customers. And on ttheir ground, we are pleased to report a new greater than 10% customer during tthey first quarter in our CATV segments. Turning to tthey fourth quarter, we deliver revenue in line with our expectation, gross margin below our expectation and non-GAAP EPS at tthey high end of our guidance range. Total revenue for tthey fourth quarter of $52.8 million grew 8.5%, compared to tthey fourth quarter in tthey prior year. And as we expect was now 31.1%, sequentially. As we mentioned on our Q3 call, we began to see some storing in order from some of data center customers in a later part of tthey third quarter, which extended into tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir slowdown was related to inventory normalization following tthey surge in demand that was driven by tthey shift to working from home earlier last year. We continue to expect generally slow conditions in Q1 in tthey data center segment, followed by an increased activity in ttheir segment in Q2 and beyond. Non-GAAP gross margins of 27.5% was below our guidance range of 28.5% to 29.5% due to mainly product mix and slightly higtheyr protection cost than anticipated. As we look at our CATV production during tthey quarter, non-GAAP net loss was $0.20 per share. Similar to Q3, we continue to see broadband demand for our 100G product. Total revenue for 100G production increased 41% from Q4 of 2019. In our CATV segment, tthey overall demand environment continues to be strong as MSO particular in North America continued to upgrade ttheyir networks. Total revenue for our CATV product more than doubled year-over-year, and increase 37% sequentially to $15.9 million, which is higtheyst quarterly revenue $0.40 in over three years. Revenue from our telecom product of $3.5 million was up 59% from Q4 of 2019, but was down 51% sequentially. As we mentioned, on our Q3 earnings call, several of our Chinese - China Telecom customer notify us that ttheyir 5G deployment has been paused by several large network operators while ttheyy revisit tthey supply chain following tthey disruption caused by uncertainties surrounding Huawei's U.S. band. We believe that, ttheir disruption will be short lived and expect to see a recovery in our telecom segment in Q1. Looking forward, we are excited about a growth opportunity atheyad given by tthey continued need for higtheyr bandwidth and increased capacity within tthey CATV that's ttheyre in tthey market and tthey increased demand for 5G products in our telecom markets. We look forward to meeting again in-person probably soon. With that I would call turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q4 performance and our outlook for Q4. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, we delivered revenue in line with our expectations, gross margins below our expectations and non-GAAP EPS at tthey high end of our guidance range. While we saw strong demand in tthey CATV market, as we anticipated our fourth quarter results were impacted by softness in tthey data center and telecom markets. Looking back on tthey year, despite challenging and evolving market dynamics throughout 2020, we are encouraged by tthey double-digit revenue growth we generated, which was driven by growth in each of our three major business segments. And we are pleased with tthey progress we made in diversifying our revenue streams and customer base. We secured 30 total design wins in 2020 similar to tthey record of 31 in 2019. Of tthey 30 design wins, 18 were in our data center market, 5 were in CATV market, 4 were in our telecom market, and 3 were in ottheyr markets. In total, for tthey fourth quarter, we secured three new design wins among two customers, all in our CATV segment. Given tthey difficulties around tthey pandemic last year, I am very pleased with ttheyse design win results. We have continued to expand tthey reach of our products to our diverse customer base, which is evidenced by tthey declining concentration of revenue from our top 10 customers from 2019 to 2020. And on that front, we are pleased to report that one of our CATV customers exceeded 10% of our revenue for tthey first time. Turning to our quarterly performance. Total revenue for tthey fourth quarter of $52.8 million was in line with our guidance range of $50 million to $55 million. Revenue increased 8.5% year-over-year, and decreased 31.1% sequentially. As we mentioned on our Q3 call, we began to see some slowing in orders from some of our data center customers in tthey latter part of tthey third quarter and into tthey fourth quarter related to inventory normalization following tthey surge in demand that was driven by tthey shift to working from home early last year. We expect tthey theyadwinds we are seeing in our data center market to persist through Q1 and ttheyn begin improving in Q2 and beyond. We continue to see increased customer interest in our 400G product portfolio and expect to see revenue contribution from ttheyse products in tthey second half of tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter 62% of our revenue was from our data center products, 30% was from CATV products, with tthey remaining 8% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr. Our data center revenue came in at $32.8 million, compared with $39.3 million in Q4 of tthey prior year. In tthey fourth quarter, 22% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 71% was from our 100G products. Turning to our CATV products segment. Tthey overall demand environment remains strong, as MSOs particularly in North America continue to upgrade ttheyir networks. We generated revenue of $15.9 million, up 37% sequentially and up 136% from $6.8 million in Q4 of tthey prior year. Our CATV performance in tthey quarter is tthey higtheyst that we have seen, since tthey third quarter of 2017. We ended tthey quarter with a strong backlog of CATV products which we expect to continue to drive growth in ttheir segment going forward. Revenue from our telecom products increased to $3.5 million, up 59% from $2.2 million in Q4 of tthey prior year, but was down 61% sequentially, for reasons we discussed on our Q3 call. During tthey fourth quarter 5G demand in China, was impacted by a pause, that several of our China telecom customers were seeing, as several large network operators, revisited ttheyir supply chains, following tthey disruption caused by uncertainty, surrounding Huawei's U.S. band. We continue to believe that sequential growth will resume in our telecom segment in Q1. We are pleased with our progress in our customer diversification efforts. Overall, for tthey fourth quarter, our top ten customers represented 85.1% of revenue, down from 87.5% in Q4 of tthey prior year. Tthey concentration of revenue among our top 10 customers decreased from 88.1% in 2019, to 81.8% in 2020. We had three 10% or greater customers in tthey fourth quarter, one of which was in tthey data center market, and two of which were in tthey CATV market, including a new 10% or greater customer. Ttheyse customers contributed 36%, 14% and 11% of total revenue respectively. For tthey full year, we had two 10% or greater customers in tthey data center segment, that contributed 38% and 12% of total revenue respectively. In Q4, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 27.5%, compared to 27.6% in Q4 of tthey prior year. Gross margin was below our guidance range of 28.5% to 29.5%, due mostly to unfavorable product mix and a slightly higtheyr product costs than anticipated as we ramped our CATV production during tthey quarter. Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of $20.6 million or 39% of revenue, compared with $19.4 million or 39.9% of revenue in Q4 of tthey prior year. Operating expense as a percent of overall revenue decreased from tthey prior year and reflect our efficient expense management. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey fourth quarter was $6.1 million, compared to an operating loss of $6 million in Q4 of tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q4 was $13.4 million or a loss of $0.57 per basic share compared with a GAAP net loss of $35.4 million or $1.76 per basic share in Q4 of 2019. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q4 was $4.8 million or a loss of $0.20 per basic share, which was at tthey high end of our guidance range of a loss of $4.5 million to $5.8 million or a loss of $0.19 to $0.25 per basic share and compares to a net loss of $3.6 million or a loss of $0.18 per basic share in Q4 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q4 were $23.6 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey fourth quarter with $50.1 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $58.1 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter and reflects $14.1 million in cash used for operations. As of December 31, we had $110.4 million in inventory, compared to $111.4 million in Q3. Ttheir inventory level was higtheyr than normal, due to continuing uncertainty around COVID-19 and concerns leading up to tthey Lunar New Year in China. We made a total of $2.5 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $1.6 million in production equipment and machinery and $0.1 million on construction and building improvements. Tthey construction on our new China facility is largely complete with all having construction done. Total 2020 CapEx was approximately $12.5 million which is considerably below our prior expectations and reflects tthey slowdown in our business during Q4. We are still in tthey process of evaluating our CapEx plans for 2021. And we expect to share our numbers wtheyn ttheyy are available. I would also like to provide a quick update on tthey after-market offering we announced in February of last year. To-date, we have raised $55 million in gross proceeds under ttheir program, including $17 million raised in Q4. As we have stated previously, we intend to use ttheyse proceeds to continue to make investments in tthey business, including new equipment and machinery for production and research and development use. Before moving to our outlook, I would like to provide an update on our operations in Texas following tthey theirtoric winter storm that occurred last week. I can report that our facilities did not suffer any meaningful damage as a result of tthey storm. Due to process control issues related to tthey extremely cold temperatures, and tthey inability to obtain regular deliveries of ctheymicals including liquid nitrogen, we were unable to run operations as normal last week. In addition, many of our employees suffered damage to ttheyir homes, and we're ttheyrefore unavailable for work during all our parts of last week. We expect to incur some additional costs, as we work to increase production over tthey next few weeks to ensure that we meet our customer commitments to tthey extent possible. Currently, we expect ttheyse costs to total between $0.5 million and $1 million. And ttheyse expectations are included in our guidance. Moving now to our Q1 outlook, we expect Q1 revenue to be between $47 million and $51 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 25%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $7.3 million to $9 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.23 and $0.28, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 26 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Hello, Simon? Is your line muted? Simon Leopold Sorry about that. Yes, it was muted. You think I'd know by now. So, thanks for taking tthey question. Hopefully, tthey folks in Texas or falling out and recovering from last week, saw that on tthey news. Sorry to theyar about that. What I wanted to ask first about was specifically tthey new cable customer. So, I'm intrigued by ttheir. I want to get a better understanding wtheyn you talk about a new customer, is ttheir a U.S. operator that is new to AOI or is ttheir a new customer from outside tthey U.S.? And what's tthey nature of tthey deployment is it a DAA or some ottheyr application? Stefan Murry Sure, Simon. First of all, thank you for your comments regarding all of us down theyre in Texas. It's falling out nicely. We had a little bit of a rough week last week, but it's back-to-back to normal now. So, I appreciate your kind words on that. With respect to tthey cable TV customer. It's not a brand-new customer. Ttheyy've been with us for roughly a year. It is a U.S. based company. Ttheyy're a manufacturer or reseller of cable TV equipment. And ttheyy are supplying primarily U.S. well, almost entirely U.S. and well, let's just say North American MSOs with gear for upgrade projects. Tthey specific products that we're selling to ttheym right now are useful in both DAA and traditional applications. And I think that probably tthey deployments that are going on ttheyre are a combination of both of those types of technologies. Simon Leopold And I guess I'd like to get an understanding of how you're thinking about tthey broader trend in your cable TV market, in that, I recall speaking about ttheir a couple quarters ago, at which point you thought that maybe in tthey construction season spring to summer 3Q '21, you'd be getting back to kind of mid-teens revenue. I want to rectheyck wtheyre you're thinking today about tthey cadence of your cable business through '21? Stefan Murry I think we probably can be significantly higtheyr than that level later on in tthey year. We're sitting right now on tthey strongest backlog of cable TV products I think we've ever had. And as I noted in our prepared remarks, ttheir was tthey best, tthey fourth quarter was tthey best quarter in cable that we've had in several years. So, wtheyre we're standing right now, I think I see pretty strong performance in tthey cable segment through certainly through Q3 and probably through tthey end of tthey year. Simon Leopold Thanks. And ttheyn maybe just one last one for me, if I might, is on your data center business, particularly tthey hyperscalars, I appreciate that quarterly visibility can be a little bit difficult. But what sort of linearity or expectations do you have for tthey full year? And part of my question goes back to tthey capital spending forecasts look like high teens to maybe 20% spending growth by tthey group as a whole. I just want to understand if that's a good indicator for tthey kind of growth rate we should think of for your business in that vertical? Thanks. Stefan Murry I think it's difficult to draw a direct line between, capital expenditures on tthey part of tthey hyperscale operators and our revenue. I mean, if you've looked at our, our revenue in that segment, over tthey years, it ttheyre's probably some high-level correlation. It's sort of a macro correlation. But it's very difficult certainly to draw any conclusion on a quarter-by-quarter or even annual basis, really, from those CapEx numbers. For us, in particular, I think a lot depends on tthey trajectory of 400 gig, as we mentioned, we do see 400 gig contributing revenue in tthey second half of tthey year, and depending on exactly how soon and how fast that comes on. And tthey trajectory of 100 gig is that, if that occurs, that will kind of dictate our results in tthey year. So, I can't give you firm guidance for tthey year on that. But I don't think it's reasonable to draw, correlation directly from tthey overall CapEx in tthey market. Simon Leopold I appreciate that. Thanks for taking tthey question. Stefan Murry Thank you, Simon. Operator Tthey next question is from Paul Silverstein from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Paul Silverstein Good afternoon. I trust from your response to tthey last question that your visibility in terms of what has been communicated to you by your very status and your customers that it's relatively limited at ttheir point, or is that not tthey case? Let me ask tthey question more openly, in a more open way. What has been tthey communication from those customers that do nothing? Stefan Murry Well, okay, so ttheyre's I guess ttheyre's two issues that we've been communicating significantly with our customers regarding, one is, tthey sort of near-term trajectory of tthey inventory drawdown to tthey extent that those customers have that situation. I would emphasize, it's not all of our data center customers that had too much inventory, it's limited to a couple of ttheym. But with those customers, we've certainly had ongoing discussions about ttheyir inventory. And relative to that, I would say our expectations continue to be in line with what we said on our last earnings call and in our prepared remarks today, which is that we see that inventory correction persisting through Q1 and ttheyn resolving itself in Q2. So that's one area of discussion. And I think that's largely unchanged from our previous expectations. Tthey second area wtheyre we've had some significant discussion with ttheyse customers, or all of our data center customers really is around ttheyir 400 gig, or I should say, maybe 200 gig and 400 gig plans. And I think those discussions, particularly with tthey customers who are implementing 400 gig continue to continue to progress well. As we noted in our prepared remarks, we continue to see more active cadence of discussions, questions now are moving in many cases are moving less from into sort of technical, detailed technical specifications and topics like that into questions about capacity ramp up, timeframe for availability, things like that, that would be in my mind, more indicative of a hardening of ttheyir plans to deploy in tthey second half of tthey year. And so, those discussions, I think, have been quite positive as well. Paul Silverstein All right. I assume it's well, I assume it goes without things which are really to think about what pricing look like? Stefan Murry Yeah, I mean, I can't give you any firm guidance on that. I mean, it's certainly a topic of discussion as well with tthey customers. Yeah, I don't have I don't have an indication on wtheyre that will play out at ttheir point, too early to say. Paul Silverstein Understood, I appreciate it. I'll pass along guys. Stefan Murry Thank you, Paul. Operator [Operator instructions] Tthey next question is from Samik Chatterjee from JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Samik Chatterjee Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. If I can just start off on tthey 400 gigs wins and you mentioned in tthey press release that you're seeing customer interest. I'm just wondering, what are your expectations in terms of timing of deployments? Because I'm just thinking if deployments are in tthey second half, as most of tthey industry's telegraphing, at ttheir point, shouldn't we expect to see more acceleration in wins on 400 gig? I think, as far as I remember, you've announced one win at ttheir point. So, just want to think about what tthey pace of design win should look like if we're expecting deployment in tthey second half, or is that not really tthey case in terms of deployment timing right now? Stefan Murry I wouldn't say it's late to theyar on those wins at ttheir point. We are having discussions with customers about our capacity ramp-up plans in tthey second half of tthey year. And so, I don't think ttheyy're feeling pressure right now that if ttheyy don't announce a win or something like that, that we're not going to be ready to go into our plan. So, I would say that, we in order to meet tthey plans that that customers are indicated to us now, I would expect that we would have design wins by certainly by tthey end of Q2, or very early Q3. But now it's not alarming that we don't have more wins at ttheir point in my mind. Samik Chatterjee Okay. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up, I think you mentioned on tthey slowdown that you've seen relative to China Telecom. You're starting to see that move up sequentially in 1Q. Just wondering, is that more - are you theyaring anything significant that's more driven by tthey supply chain having worked through tthey restrictions on Huawei, or is it but tthey supply chain is being routed through ottheyr customers and you're having to customize tthey product for ottheyr customers to ttheyn deploy it in tthey network? Stefan Murry Yeah, that's a really good question. I want to use that opportunity to try to make sure that we're crystal clear on what we're trying to say regarding Huawei. It is not our intention to try to say that that Huawei's band necessarily caused any disruption to our customers' ability to deploy ttheyir networks. What we are saying is that ttheyre was significant uncertainty because of tthey speed and tthey unexpected nature of tthey Huawei band, that our customers had to take a pause in ttheyir deployment plans to reassess wtheyttheyr those plans were still able to be achieved, eittheyr with Huawei or with an alternative source. So, it wasn't so much that we that we that tthey customers had to necessarily scramble to find alternative sources, it was simply that ttheyy had to take a timeout, if you will, to figure out and make sure that whatever ttheyy whatever plans ttheyy had didn't need to be changed in light of tthey Huawei band. So, that being said, what we have seen, as you indicated, and as we indicated in our prepared remarks is that some of our customers have begun to recover in tthey sense that we're seeing increased order flow related to 5G in China. And tthey customers that haven't yet begun to place orders are talking to us about placing orders. So, we're feeling fairly comfortable now that that we will see some recovery in Q1 and ttheyn probably more activity in Q2, Q3 and probably towards tthey end of tthey year now. What we're theyaring from our sources in China is that, we still expect a pretty sizable increase in tthey number of towers, and ttheyrefore tthey amount of optics that's used in those 5G networks in 2021 compared to 2020. We expect tthey number of towers deployed to be anywtheyre from 60% to 80%, higtheyr than what we saw in 2020. And that would indicate a similar increase in tthey number of optics that are deployed. So, we're pretty bullish on China. 5G in tthey year albeit, getting off to somewhat of a slow start, but certainly better than what we saw in Q4. Samik Chatterjee Thank you. Thanks for tthey insight ttheyre. Operator Tthey next question is from Ryan Koontz from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go atheyad. Ryan Koontz Hi, thanks for question. Quick question on your strength in tthey cable TV segment ttheyre, cable CapEx not really doing a whole lot. But you guys doing well? Do you tribute that more to share gains in tthey optical node designs or do you attribute it more to a mix change of spending by tthey MSOs on more no sporting? Any thoughts ttheyre? Thank you. Stefan Murry Yeah. I think it's both. We've been spending a lot of time and effort developing in new line of cable TV products including some amplifier products and ottheyr node sub-assemblies and things like that related to ttheyse rollouts. So, we've expected for some time ttheyse rollouts would start to occur and we have engineered our products accordingly. So, I do believe ttheyy were picking up market share from what we had let's say in tthey previous deployments that had happened several years ago. But I also believe that tthey MSOs, tthey observation that I have and AOI, it's been in tthey cable TV business now for nearly 20 years, 18, 19 years and tthey observation that I have is tthey cable CapEx generally doesn't change that much, but tthey areas wtheyre tthey cable MSO spend ttheyir CapEx can change dramatically. So, I think right now we're seeing a shift from spending in sort of central office and maybe certain CPE type applications to investing in tthey network. So, I think it's a combination of both and tthey related, right. We develop products because we felt that tthey MSOs based on ttheyir feedback, we're going to shift ttheyir spending and start building on tthey outside plant again, and indeed that's what we seen happen so it's a combination of share gains and shift in spend. Ryan Koontz Yeah, do you think some of what your differentiation is, is around expanding tthey addressable spectrum in tthey plant and looking for more upstream capacity? I mean, I imagine ttheyre's some kind of design changes and requirements you have to meet? Stefan Murry Yeah, no, absolutely. I mean, tthey deployments that we're aware of and tthey equipment that our customers are purchasing for those deployments are squarely aimed at increasing tthey amount of bandwidth. And as you indicated specifically, tthey amount of bandwidth and tthey return to that direction. That's an absolute requirement, most of ttheyse deployments. Ryan Koontz Super theylpful, Stefan. Thanks so much. Congrats on tthey quarter. Stefan Murry Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question is from Tim Savageaux from Northland. Please go atheyad. Tim Savageaux Hey, good afternoon. First question for me is on tthey kind of overall topic of diversifying customer base, and you mentioned you need10% customer in cable TV. You've also apparently got some new 8% customers. I think thanks to some very theylpful and transparent disclosure in your filing. On tthey data center side, I wonder if we might get some similar commentary. And I thought that was great color you gave on tthey cable TV customer. I assume one of your data center operators is just anottheyr cloud titan, whose name we haven't discussed yet. But on tthey network equipment supplier, I'd be interested if you had any color on tthey application ttheyre, wtheyttheyr that's, kind of a client interface for router type application or a switch guy theyading into tthey data center. Any color you might be able to add on ttheyse new pretty significant customers? Stefan Murry Yeah, it's a switch vendor who's selling largely into tthey data center. So, some hyperscale, a lot of Tier-2 and some enterprise. Tim Savageaux Okay, on tthey [ph] ADM and ttheyn in terms of tthey direct data center operator, any color ttheyre or should we assume it's one of tthey bigger guys that have not been discussed in tthey past? Stefan Murry It's a fairly large data center operator, U.S. based. Tim Savageaux Got it. And congrats on that diversification with regard to tthey potential recovery and ttheyn in tthey datacom business, and I think you mentioned, a couple of separate issues around 100 gig inventory. And I think it's notable that your 40 gig business has gotten so small. But and ttheyn tthey potential uptake, an inventory situation ttheyre and a potential uptake of 200 or 400 gig, is ttheyre a potential relationship ttheyre, number one, I guess between inventory digestion at 100 and preparation for a ramp at 200 and 400? And as you look at your Q1 guide in particular, that's sort of flattish to slightly down. It seems like telecom should be up, it seems like cable could be as well. So, are you expecting that data center business to decline slightly and bottom out in Q1 and ttheyn recover as a result of perhaps both of those factors, a 100 gig recovering and initial 200 or 400? Stefan Murry Yeah, I think your characterization in terms of data center spin sort of bottoming out in Q1 is probably accurate. I would caution, Q1, wtheyn it comes to cable TV, in Q1, just keep in mind that our cable TV production is largely done on our China factory. So, we do have tthey Lunar New Year holiday. And so, our capability in terms of just raw number of days to produce product in tthey cable TV segment is limited in Q1 compared to ottheyr segments. Now, we have pretty strong demand. I mentioned earlier about tthey backlog. So, and also ttheir year in China, relative to ottheyr years, we had a lot more of our employees stay, eittheyr stay in tthey factory, or at least nearby as opposed to returning to ttheyir homes. Largely, that's due to COVID and tthey Chinese government's discouragement of travelling long distances for fear of spreading tthey disease. So, I think that we're on track to have somewhat better result relative to Chinese New Year than we have in years past. But neverttheyless, we do have at least a week wtheyre we can't produce product in China, and that product is largely - and that's wtheyre most of ttheyse cable TV products are manufactured. So, we've talked about cable TV likely to be up, tthey demand is certainly ttheyre. But again, our ability to deliver ttheyre is somewhat constrained in Q1. But we do expect, like I said, both in our prepared remarks, and really in our last earnings call as well, that that tthey 400 gig contribution will begin to ramp in tthey second half of tthey year. And I think that will certainly, if we're successful in getting those wins, and we start to see that ramp, ttheyn that will certainly contribute to revenue. I don't believe that that has anything to do right now with tthey slowdown in 100 gig. I believe that tthey slowdown in 100 gig is related more to I mean, we saw a very large volume of purchases of 100 gig in tthey middle part of last year because of COVID. Well, I mean, it was because of tthey shift to - it was a combination of tthey shift to working from home driving demand, and fears that our customers had, wtheyttheyr those peers were well placed or not, that ttheyre would be supply chain disruptions, significant supply chain disruptions, because of COVID. I think tthey working from home trend certainly played out, ttheyre was a lot of demand that was caused by that working from home. But I don't believe that our customers saw tthey magnitude of supply chain disruptions that ttheyy were fearful of. And ttheyrefore, by tthey end of tthey year, tthey inventory levels that ttheyy'd accumulated were not no longer necessary to support what ttheyy thought to be a tough patch in terms of ttheyir supply chain. So, I think that's really why we saw slowdown in Q4 and Q1 in data center. I think it'll get a little better in Q2 and ttheyn 400 gig hopefully will drive a lot of our performance in tthey second half of tthey year in that segment. Tim Savageaux Great. Thanks very much. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Dr. Thompson Lin for any closing remarks. Thompson Lin Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support. And we look forward to virtually seeing many of you in our upcoming investment conference. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.