AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2016 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Alexander Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Companyope Operator Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year Sales and Earnings Results. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon and welcome to AAON's call relative to tthey year 2015 and fourth quarter. Before beginning I would like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information which is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Stevenual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I’d like now to introduce our CFO, Scott Asbjornson. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I would like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2014. Net sales were up 14.8% to 97.2 million from 84.7 million. Tthey increase in net sales was a result of a 20.6% increase in tthey number of units sold with tthey offsetting decrease due to changes in our product mix. Gross profit increased 17.4% to 29.6 million from 25.2 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 30.4% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.7% in 2014. Tthey increase in tthey gross profit percentages due to lower prices for our copper and steel. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15.7% to 9.9 million from 8.5 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales SG&A remained at 10.1% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended and in 2014. Income from operations increased 16.3% to 19.7 million or 20.3% of sales from 17.0 million or 20.0% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 34.5% from 38.1%. Tthey fourth quarter of 2014 had a higtheyr than expected tax rate due to shifts in income to states with higtheyr tax rates. Net income increased 22.9% to 12.9 million or 13.3% of sales from 10.5 million or 12.4% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 26.3% to $0.24 per share from $0.19 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54.36 m shares versus 54.816 million shares in tthey second quarter eight year ago. Tthey results of tthey year ended December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2014, net sales were up 0.6% to 358.6 million from 356.3 million. Net sales remained relatively stable while we saw an increase in our total units sold most of tthey increase in our units sold came from our [indiscernible] facility which have a lower average price per unit. Gross profit increased 0.4 million to 108.7 million from 108.3 million as a percentage of sales gross profit was 30.3% in tthey year just ended compared to 30.4% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 7.7% to 37.4 million from 40.6 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales SG&A decreased to 10.4% of total sales in tthey year just ended from 11.4% in 2014. Tthey decrease in SG&A is primarily due to tthey non-recurring donations in 2014 along with tthey decrease in warrant expense as a result of continued improvements in quality control offset by an increase in ottheyr expense. In 2015 ottheyr expense increased due to sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations increased 4.8% to 71.3 million or 19.9% of sales from 68.0 million or 19.1% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 35.9% from 35.3%. Net income increased 3.6% to 45.7 million or 12.8% of sales from 44.2 million or 12.4% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 5.0% to $0.84 per share from $0.80 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54.481 million shares versus 55.369 million shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time I'm going to turn it over to Alexander Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Alexander Thompson Thank you Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet you'll see that we have a working capital balance of 80.8 million versus 82.2 million at December 31, 2014. Cash and investments totaled 37.4 million at December 31, 201. Tthey investments and maturities ranging from less than one month to 15 months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.9 to 1. Our capital expenditures were 21 million for 2015. We expect capital expenditures for 2016 to be 32.7 million. Tthey increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to construction projects related to our new research and development lab. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.28 at December 31, 2015 compared to $3.14 at December 31, 2014. Tthey company purchased slightly more than one million shares of AAON stock under it's resumed open market buyback program for approximately 25 million during ttheir year. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Norman, they will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with new products and tthey outlook for tthey upcoming year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales were up approximately 14.8% for tthey quarter and 0.6% for tthey year. We hired four additional regional sales manager or hired two regional sales manager, three additional to tthey four we already had giving it's total of seven. We eliminated some underperforming rep firms and replaced ttheym with rep firms which we anticipate will improve our performance in those geographical areas. We redesigned some products, [indiscernible] to increase efficiency and increase quality. We have some new products expected in 2016 but we will not have a significant contribution until 2017 that won't contribute very much in 2016. Take a couple of minutes to discuss about tthey major [indiscernible] which is totaling new is a new product line Water Source Heat Pumps, Water Source Heat Pumps as a product in tthey industry results in approximately $500 million to $600 million, ttheyre are a limited number of manufacturers in it and we did thorough investigation over tthey past four years deciding how we should enter tthey market wtheyttheyr we should try buying one of tthey existing manufactures or we should just go in on our own. After concluding our financial analysis as well as analyzing what our opportunities were in buying we concluded we would be better off designing our own coming out with a new product line. We’re -- doing that and will be introducing a product into tthey marketplace in production approximately August of ttheir year and obviously we will be very modest amount of sales drop throughout tthey year 2016 and in 2017 we will start having an effect upon our P&L statement. Tthey expectations for tthey product line are that it will allow us to become more dominant in that product line and in any of our present product lines for variety of reasons. One of which is we already manufacture water source theyat pumps in a variety of our present products namely rooftops, self-contained packages and air handling [indiscernible]. So those products we’re presently doing about $10 million in water source theyat pumps. Ttheyy are presently being sold by our existing rep force who also has one of tthey ottheyr existing tonnage water source theyat products which we're going to be building starting ttheir year. We would anticipate that along with tthey $10 million that ttheyy sold of our product ttheyy sold an additional 100 million roughly of somebody else's small tonnage. So it immediately becomes available that we will probably get that $100 million coming to us rattheyr quickly. Nice part about that is tthey products which we have in tthey product line now with our water source theyat pump. In many cases we’re tthey only manufacture building that product and tthey ottheyr cases we are one of tthey very few who are building tthey net result is that if it's a applicable out of job, it kind of locks up tthey job for whoever has our product in that arena and once we bring out our new small tonnage products we will be tthey one who will get tthey ottheyr larger share of orders that we’re getting at tthey present time. We also believe we are going to have tthey capability of manufacturing it very effectively since we’re buying a lot of capital equipment in order to reduce our cost of manufacturing. We are approaching it in fashion such that we believe we can get our cost equal to or below any of tthey present manufacturers. It is definitely a change in direction for tthey company. We are now broadening our scope from wtheyre we would call ourselves one of tthey best in semi-custom manufacturing volume equipment to going into pure volume equipment, mass production of volume equipment. So we will add a new capabilities to tthey company furttheyr broadening our capabilities to additionally expand ourselves into ottheyr areas as time goes by. So it's a major growth occurs for tthey industry or for tthey company into a new industry. We will also be entering an industry that has approximately 50% replacement and 50% new construction. So it will be very similar to what is occurring in products we are today, we’re in as we explained in past years we were primarily a new construction and secondarily a replacement market which change sometime around 2009 or 2010 and we were doing more replacement market than we were doing new construction. That has reversed itself again in ttheir past year. Tthey manner in which we are aware of that do happening is tthey Census Bureau produces information showing tthey number of dollars spent on various types of nonresidential buildings so we can see what tthey building market is doing on new construction from U.S. Census Bureau data. That has shown, decided, upturned ttheir past year. However wtheyn we go over to an industry statistic which is one [indiscernible] which is our industry reporting service that all manufacturers report to that shows that ttheyre has been no growth for all practical purposes, no growth in our equipment in ttheir past year. So tthey only logic to assume is as tthey new construction market has increased tthey replacement market has diminittheyyd and plus we believe it's along tthey same lines of what we're seeing happening on our order desk. We believe we're now back down to roughly 50% new construction and 50% replacement market. Ttheyre is growth is certain market areas. One of tthey big ones that is somewhat untrue in what tthey numbers would suggest is tthey manufacturing market and manufacturing market has reportedly grown considerably ttheir past year. However if you dig into it to find out what kind of buildings it is and everything you find that most of that has come about through things like ctheymical plants wtheyre ttheyy don't use air conditioning. So it's somewhat a misleading number in that -- it doesn't have air conditioning accompanying tthey growth and thus it doesn't show you truly what is happening in that market. That market being put aside ttheyre is growth in ottheyr markets that we’re in and notably in office buildings and in education starting to short a turnaround. Tthey one that we don't see a big turnaround yet is hospitals, medical facilities. But ttheyre's no real dynamic growth nor any great production occurring is showing up at ttheir point in time. Tthey [indiscernible] market is that it's somewhat disconcerting and that it's in a general growth, it is growing as I said tthey new construction market is growing or being offset by tthey replacement market but it is starting to show signs that tthey total market is starting to actually grow for tthey product in ottheyr words tthey AAHRs [ph] statistics or indicating a change and ttheyy are starting to look like ttheyy are getting some growth. Tthey commercial retail market is seemingly theyalthy, tthey office buildings are pretty theyalthy, medical theyalth care as I’ve mentioned before not particularly theyalthy. Education is getting more theyalthy, manufacturing is indicating a greater deal of theyalth but it's not something that theylps us as mentioned before because it is -- does not have air conditioning connected to it. Lodging is looking very good but we do very little of it. So in general I would say what are we looking at? We're looking at a modest amount of growth in tthey industry, very modest any as far as tthey equipment sales are concerned. Big growth however in new construction but being offset by continued diminishing of replacement market. We have some increase in tthey backlog at December 31, 2015 was $15.1 million versus $48.8 million a year ago equating to a 17% increase. Tthey outlook for 2016 we have got a good backlog starting into it however I would caution you in that we have seen a soft market so far ttheir year and thus we’re working off backlog which is in not usual but we're going to probably work off more backlog than we’re off in new construction for tthey first quarter. I expect that to turn around normally tthey turnaround starts happening in March wtheyn tthey market and it's seasonality starts picking up again for ttheir year. April will be a major uptick and so it will go on and go ttheir fall wtheyn it starts slowing down again. With that I will tell you that our capital expenditures are going to be approximately 32.7 million. We will continue to maintain our gross profit at approximately wtheyre it is as far as we can see. We would point out to you that we have not had a price increase since March of 2013 which has is not been too unusual in our industry. Market is very flat financially being offset in our profitability is coming out of reduction and purchase materials primarily and commodities. With finittheyyd goods, purchased materials have not diminittheyyd much in cost it's been primarily in tthey commodity arena. We have improved our operations modestly and thus even though we haven't had tthey price increase we still are retaining our profitability very close to say -- we're not at ttheir point and time anticipate a profit or price increase in tthey near future. Now I would like to open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from Kansas City Group. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Norman, looking at ttheir tthey revenue increase in tthey fourth quarter I think 14% or something like that. Is ttheyre any way you can break that out as to how much that increase came as a result of some of tthey changes you made in your sales and marketing force versus tthey market dynamics ttheymselves, growth in tthey market. I know you were expecting some improvement because of tthey marketing changes. I guess if you can tell us a little bit about how much you think it was a result of tthey sales increase ttheyre was a result of those changes and in addition did some of ttheir impact come earlier than you expected? Norman Asbjornson On various aspects that you’re asking ttheyre was probably about 4% to 5% of that was due to market increase, rest of it was due to additional business that we were getting from our reps. We did do change a lot of tthey number of reps last year and whatever did to us, initially wtheyn you do a change out you lose market share because you basically stop sowing in that end market, any new jobs and what do you do you get really [indiscernible] which company you're dealing with tthey right to finish tthey business ttheyy were doing, close out tthey business ttheyy were doing that always means that ttheyy're not promoting new business. Ttheyy're just out ttheyre trying to get tthey orders that ttheyy already promoted on prior you cancelling it. And ttheyn after that is done you have you turn a new representative loose in tthey marketplace and ttheyy have to start doing all building up of accounts to bring in orders for ttheymselves and so ttheyre's always a diminishing of business from that geographical area wtheyn you do a change out and ttheyn tthey question is wtheyn do you start recovering and get back to tthey same level you were at before and that is very representative change out. It's not a consistent number sometimes it happens fairly quickly and sometimes it's slow and that's wtheyre it's happening once [Technical Difficulty] past year. Tthey net of all that is that we lost business in tthey earlier part of tthey year, we got back to wtheyre we were now getting back most of that would be lost due to tthey change but we didn't get a significant boast as of ttheir point time. As time goes on we would expect a significant boost from those people and tthey ottheyr part that is probably tthey majority of our growth is tthey adding of three additional regional managers that allowed tthey four we already had to be limited to a smaller group of sales officers and new ones take on responsibility for sales office given up. That probably is tthey majority of what we got, we got better penetration by all of our existing reps as opposed to getting additional penetration from tthey new ones. Ttheyy really just did nothing more than get back wtheyre we were. Tthey older reps gave us more business and that's wtheyre most of that came from. Unidentified Analyst So Norman, effectively if you were to suggest that tthey market was to rise x percent next year, you would think because of all ttheyse changes you would be do better than that x percent by you know let's couple of 100 basis points or something to that effect is that correct? Norman Asbjornson That's correct. We improved our capability of taking market share and so we should have better chance of expecting that we will increase our market share now that we've upgraded our sales force somewhat and upgraded our support of tthey sales force. Unidentified Analyst Okay. One final question on tthey water source theyat pump, you suggested that tthey market size might be $100 dollars or you might be able to capture $100 million some of that beginning in 2017. Is that a 2, 3, or 4 process? How quickly could you think you could do that and ttheyn at tthey same time you were talking about being more of a mass market, mass production type of product would ttheir theyat pump have a lot of margin than your typical margins? Norman Asbjornson Okay, first of off I early miscommunicated a little bit, tthey market really is 500 million to 600 million. Tthey residential portion of it is 100 million and we're not planning on going into residential. So that diminittheyys it tthey fact that we’re after is between 400 million and 500 million and yes it is normally a lower priced, our ability to tell that from tthey existing manufacturers would indicate it's not significantly lower but we can't really tell you that for sure. Now it's my belief that tthey methodologies that ttheyy are using and I can get into that in somewhat detail with you. But tthey methodology is that ttheyy're using are ones that ttheyy developed and perfected over tthey years gone by, a lot of those methodologies are really somewhat obsolete and ttheyy're kind of costly, it's a costly thing for ttheym to change because it requires changing way ttheyy do things, in my cases to require significant capital investment, in ottheyr cases for whatever reason tthey industry and ttheir is not unusual for ttheir industry or for any company really. Ttheyre is always a little bit lagging in keeping up technologically with what is possible. Since we start with a clean ttheyyet of paper we're going to do what is possible, so we automatically are going to be more efficient and have more up to date methodology than what tthey industry has that will result in improving profitability. In addition to which we have done a work to accomplish a very much more technologically advanced product and one of tthey things we looked on was tthey weight factor and it doesn't matter wtheyttheyr tthey weight in metal or whatever tthey thing it is, weight cost money for something that creates that weight. And we've been able to have a significant weight reduction in our unit up to depending upon tthey size of tthey unit we have seen some were wtheyre half tthey weight of tthey ottheyr equipment that’s out ttheyre. Now that does not equate in any way to reduction in quality. As a matter of fact it runs tthey ottheyr way, we have been able to do a better job of coming up with higtheyr quality product which also theylped us in some cases to reduce tthey weight. So ttheyre is a lot of things that we're doing different than what's been done in tthey industry. Tthey net result of what I'm saying to you is I fully expect that once we get our learning curve over which will last for probably a year or so not much maybe a little over one year but shouldn’t be much. We should be at that point getting approximately tthey same profitability on ttheir product is what we are experiencing are our ottheyr products. And tthey interim starting out originally in August wtheyn we start producing it will probably have no profit but ttheyre won't be much more volume eittheyr, so it's not noticeable and ttheyn as tthey volume builds, tthey profit builds so it will have a little negative effect on profitability and yet give us volume as we go up that learning curve but it's not going to be a significant change. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Joe Mondillo So during tthey year how many -- I don't know if you look at it as independent rep firms or tthey staff underneath those firms or how you look at it but throughout tthey year how did that change from tthey beginning of tthey year to now in regarding to numbers. I don’t know if you're looking at it in terms of firms or tthey staff underneath ttheym but if you can give us an than idea of how that sort of changed in terms of numbers or maybe it wasn’t numbers, maybe it's really just tthey quality of tthey firms. Norman Asbjornson I don't have that right direction in front of me, as I recall we changed all about seven firms or seven geographical areas. Tthey new representatives I would say have increased tthey number of people on tthey street by a factor of three or four. So maybe we had firm with 10 people, we now have a firm with 30 or 40 people. So not all of those people are sales people but you need support people as well to do that so we have a lot more feet on tthey street in all those geographical areas which will result in a significant improvement in our penetration of market. Joe Mondillo Okay. And so you said that you feel like throughout ttheir transition, throughout tthey year while that disrupted some of your sales especially early in tthey year. Your ottheyr rep firms sort of picked up tthey pace and that's what sort of drove tthey fourth quarter numbers. How do you think ttheyy did that? Did ttheyy take it from those regions wtheyre you were seeing tthey transition or was tthey regions wtheyre ttheyy're located ttheyy just did a good job selling in those regions? Norman Asbjornson Probably that's one of those things, yes all tthey above would be appropriate answer, tthey thing of it is we gave ttheym more attention because we went from having four regional managers to seven so ttheyy've got a lot more attention, a lot more assistance and that by itself added to it. In addition to which we have been consistently growing as we become a more acceptable manufacturer to tthey industry and as people understand some of tthey things we've got going for us so ttheyy have just been able to get a normal natural growth that should be occurring for a few years yet because we haven't really explained our product line thoroughly to tthey industry, it's a long, long laborious process to get ttheym to understand everything that is good about what we're trying to do. Joe Mondillo And so as we look at tthey orders that you've been in taking for January and February, how does that compare to January and February orders of last year? It looked like your orders were up I think roughly 19% in tthey fourth quarter? What does tthey growth rate look like for January and February on a year-over-year perspective? Norman Asbjornson That's what I was talking about, we saw a slack in, it's gone back it's just virtually flat compared to a year ago. Joe Mondillo Okay. Do you think that's just a temporary slowing or how do you sort of reconcile? What's going? Is it just a product of tthey market being sort of slow in general? Norman Asbjornson Listening to what tthey people are telling who are out ttheyre, tthey market hasn't slowed down and it's a strange thing because tthey year ago of course we had weattheyr problems which were giving us problem. So tthey weattheyr problems really haven't been a big thing ttheir year and so why isn't market doing it, I would say it's indecision more than anything. Tthey people apparent are hiring tthey architects and engineers because tthey architects and engineers are quite busy but maybe not putting tthey jobs for bid or wtheyn ttheyy do take a bid ttheyy don't get in a big hurry to sign contracts, whatever it is ttheyy're not ending up making orders available yet and ttheyir representatives are telling us that ttheyy are very busy out ttheyre and everything is going very well but tthey orders just aren't coming through. So I'm of tthey opinion that time whatever it is, why it is indecision on getting orders moving has gone. We will see a continued growth because that’s tthey way message is from tthey field is we will be growing and you say why aren't we growing? Well ttheyn ttheyy give you all ttheyse various reasons why ttheyy haven't been getting more orders. Scott Asbjornson Now one of tthey positive things about tthey weattheyr not being a problem ttheir year is that it is allowing us to get our shipments out within tthey quarter and as you can tell from tthey backlog at tthey end of tthey year we had a higtheyr backlog than we did at tthey end of 2014. So we are able to ship out of our backlog and we are doing so. Norman Asbjornson So what you're likely to see at of ttheir quarter is a reduction in backlog and probability of growing in sales and it is going to come out of our backlog. Scott Asbjornson Tthey ottheyr side of that is that our lead times are able to be brought in which makes us more attractive and desirable as a supplier to some of ttheyse customers. Norman Asbjornson All I guess I'm telling you is that order input is not a continuation of tthey fourth quarter at ttheir point. Joe Mondillo Okay understandable. How about tthey orders that you received in tthey fourth quarter and tthey backlog that you had at tthey end of tthey quarter, how did tthey sort of gross margin and tthey profitability of ttheyse units that we’re in tthey backlog? Was it sort of higtheyr than average or average or how would you characterize tthey type of units? Norman Asbjornson We've only completed January and January was right in-line with tthey preceding months. Joe Mondillo Okay. How about tthey parts distribution business, just wanted to get an update on how that spend progressing through 2015 until now/ Norman Asbjornson It is progressing but not at tthey rate that we had earlier anticipated, we kind of underestimated how difficult it was to get those representatives who weren’t really serious in tthey parts business to get serious and once ttheyy decided to get serious how long it took ttheym to do so. Here's what takes place, tthey reps would be able to order parts directly from as we get ttheym out and ttheyy wouldn't have to stock any parts by doing that but ttheyy were a little bit slower in giving parts to tthey customers or ttheyy might carry small amount parts or more readily used parts. Both of those things were really, what we’re trying to get ttheym to do is do a full-fledged retail establishment with plenty of parts of all natures in ttheyre so that ttheyy would not only get tthey parts but people have to buy from us but ttheyy also sell parts that ttheyy don't have to buy from us and tthey parts business is a profitable business but it does require a commitment of capital and establishment of store front type operation and probably tthey hiring of somebody who's a full time parts person and understands tthey parts business better than just using whoever happens to handle it wtheyttheyr tthey one in-house people with tthey organization or one of tthey external sales people just whoever ttheyy might choose to do it. To really get in tthey parts business you have to hire somebody who has put ttheyir life into selling parts because ttheyy know more than tthey normal person does and getting ttheym to hire that part person and get that type of retail building establish has slowed tthey parts growth down and of course wtheyn we first went into it we had one anottheyr advantage because we got much better, did much better job than we would normally be doing. We were able to pick up a lot of business and ttheyy were maybe buying from somebody else. On those people who were serious parts houses and ttheyn ttheyy switctheyd ttheyir orders over to us and that's already pretty much been accomplittheyyd so it did slowdown from what grew at wtheyn we first started out. Joe Mondillo Okay. So tthey low hanging fruit was sort of taken and now you're sort of plugging away? Norm Bagwell Good analogy, yes that’s correct. Joe Mondillo All right in terms of ttheyse new firms that you hired as your sales reps, is ttheyre any change in compensation or anything as a percentage basis? Norman Asbjornson No I don't think ttheyre has been any noticeable thing that we can tell you that’s per -- recognize that we give a fixed cost to representatives and ttheyy have to put a markup on top of similar to what tthey automotive industry or any type of retail store that ttheyy buy from us on a fixed cost, so what ttheyy do you in getting more money we really don't see that much. Joe Mondillo Okay. And so in terms of SG&A tthey last few years, as a percent of sales it's been in 2014 you had tthey charity contributions but if you exclude that you know tthey last couple years it's been fairly consistent in that mid 10.4 - 10.5 range even with some revenue growth back in 2014. In 2016 if you're able to see some growth on tthey top line. How do we think about sort of tthey SG&A as a percentage of sales? Is that going to continue to still remain sort of flattish around 10.5 or so or are you going to see some leverage and see that pull down some? Scott Asbjornson Well as sales grow obviously it will eventually start to get some leverage on it, it just has not materialized yet to our sales for tthey last couple years have been relatively flat. So we go forward I would expect that will come down easily percentage of sales but tthey dollars will probably be remaining somewhat consistent. Joe Mondillo Okay. And in terms of gross margin what do we need to see or how challenging is it to continue to get gross margin expansion if you do see revenue growth? I mean I'm sure ttheyre's fixed costs on cost of goods sold line that you'd be able to leverage so. I would assume that you should be able to get some increase or expansion in gross margin but ttheyre's a lot of different variables and dynamics, so how do you think about tthey gross margin if you're able to get some growth on tthey top line? Scott Asbjornson Our overall focus is on maintaining gross margin relatively stable. We’re expecting that as we grow tthey business that we should be seeing as a percentage of sales, gross margin relatively stable but tthey dollar is growing. Our focus is not so much on growing tthey percentage because we think we're already at a very theyalthy percentage and tthey larger that becomes tthey more attractive it becomes to competitors. Joe Mondillo Okay. And just lastly just wondering tthey tax rate for 2016, any idea what that will look like? Alexander Thompson Right now we’re expecting our tax rate to be about 36.5%. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from DA Davidson. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Is ttheyre anything particular which weigtheyd on margin ttheir quarter? Norman Asbjornson Ttheyre's no special events really within tthey quarter that adversely impacted it. We did have some additional contributions that we had into our retirement program for our employees but beyond that ttheyre were no unusual items. Unidentified Analyst And I know you just mentioned regarding tthey gross margins that ttheyy were going to be -- you’re expecting that to be relatively stable. Do you also expect that margins overall for tthey business in 2016 to be stable or relatively flat than 2015? Scott Asbjornson That is our expectation. We’re not necessarily trying to grow tthey percentages, we’re trying to grow tthey dollars.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Joe Mondillo I just had one quick follow-up question, so I assume that tthey whole strategy and tthey goal is to drive tthey revenue top line and tthey whole that flows through down to tthey bottom while maintaining sort of your gross margin on profitability, that's what it sounds like if tthey industry is growing at a few hundred basis points which seems like you know is a possibility for 2016 were any stab or any idea in what you think after switching out ttheyse independent sales reps and what you're doing with everything in terms of tthey products and such. Any idea what kind of revenue growth you could realize ttheir year? Or is it just too early to tell? Norman Asbjornson It's too early really to give you good side [ph] because like I said tthey input orders that we experienced in tthey a fourth quarter stopped happening as we turned tthey corner into ttheir year although we expect ttheym to resume that growth that have happened at ttheir point in time. Tthey thing that probably is tthey [indiscernible] is going to depend upon what we do with water source theyat pumps because it is a totally new market to us and depending upon how fast we get into tthey production of equity and penetrate tthey market. Tthey could be tthey biggest upside as far as dollars is concerned not so much ttheir year but next year or tthey very end of ttheir year and tthey present products we would expect tthey growth is whatever it is 2% to whatever, we would expect 3% to 4% growth somewtheyre around double what tthey market is growing for tthey industry. Operator As ttheyre are no furttheyr questions on tthey phone lines, at ttheir time I would now turn tthey call back to our presenters. Norman Asbjornson Thank you, Joe. Ladies and gentlemen appreciate you’re getting on with ttheir for report for 2015. I look forward to talking to you again about anottheyr 90 days and talk about first quarter of ttheir year. Thank you again. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.