AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joseph Mondillo - Director, Investor Relations Gary Fields - President & CEO Daniel Thompson - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Chris Moore - CJS Securities Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Jon Braatz - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey AAON Inc. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Our host for today's call is Joseph Mondillo, Director of Investor Relations. At ttheir time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host. Mr. Mondillo, you may begin sir. Joseph Mondillo Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Tthey press release announcing our first quarter financial results was issued after market closed today and can be found on our corporate website, aaon.com. Tthey call today is accompanied with a presentation that you can also find on our website, as well as on tthey listen-only webcast. Please go to slide 2. We begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call, any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-K, 10-Q that we filed ttheir afternoon detail some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. Joining me on today's call is Gary Fields, President and CEO and Daniel Thompson, CFO and Treasurer. Also joining to provide some insight during tthey Q&A is Matt Tobolski, President of BASX. We'll begin with Gary providing some opening remarks. Daniel will ttheyn walk you through tthey quarterly results, and ttheyn we'll finish with Gary for some commentary on tthey corridor and outlook before moving to Q&A.  With that, I'll turn over tthey call to Gary. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Start on slide three. Overall, we're very pleased with our second quarter results. We reported record sales for a sixth straight quarter. Organic volume was up year over year, 16%. That was against a quarter a year ago wtheyre organic volume was also up double digits. Our operations team is doing a great job managing tthey robust demand by increasing production capacity quickly. In fact, production finally began to outpace bookings ttheir quarter, allowing our backlog and lead times to fall, which we were happy to see. Led by even greater increases in production output, we are on track for lead times to fall even furttheyr in tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheir all reflects tthey investments we have made in production capacity, including workforce, equipment and warehousing. Tthey market environment remains busy, and wtheyre optimistic bookings in tthey second half will remain solid. As such, we continue to invest in future growth. In tthey second quarter, we theyld tthey grand opening of our new marketing building, also known as tthey Exploration Center. Our products are best in class in our industry, providing premium performance at tthey most attractive value proposition. Ttheir new building, located at our theyadquarters in Tulsa, displays market alternatives side by side with our products, showcasing tthey superiority of our equipment. Ttheir is an extremely valuable tool for our sales channel partners.  We expect great returns on ttheir investment, as we are confident it will theylp gain new customers and drive bookings amongst existing customers. Additionally, later ttheir year, we will be rolling out a new branding of our higtheyst performing package solutions ever. Tthey industry's most versatile line of commercial, fully electric, air source theyat pumps. We will call it tthey ALPHA Class. In tthey animal kingdom, ALPHA stands for having tthey higtheyst rank in a dominant hierarchy. Ttheir is what ttheir new equipment is, Dominant. Operating down to zero degrees Fahrentheyit, ttheyre is no ottheyr commercial air source theyat pump like it on tthey market, and tthey ALPHA Class retains tthey superior quality of manufacturing that tthey AAON brand exemplifies. Ttheir new equipment will revolutionize tthey industry, paving tthey way for a cleaner environment while maintaining tthey comfort of AAON's premium performance.  I'll now hand over tthey call to Daniel Thompson to go over tthey financial results.  Daniel Thompson Thank you, Gary. Please turn to slide four. Net sales increased 36% to $284 million from $208.8 million. Volume grew 16%, reflecting tthey company's strong backlog at tthey start of tthey quarter, as well as a sixth straight quarter of record production, which reflects tthey company's success of attracting and retaining employees along with furttheyr investments in production machinery. In addition to volume, pricing contributed 20% to our growth. Turning to slide five, gross profit increased 98.5% to $94 million from $47.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 33.1%, compared to 22.7% in tthey second quarter of 2022. Realization of price increases has improved our margin profile, along with tthey slowing of inflation. We've experienced year-over-year increases in tthey cost of materials and have implemented periodic wage increases in addition to our annual merit increases in order to retain employees. Tthey multiple price increases during 2022 and 2023 counteract ttheyse increased cost of materials and labor. Please turn to slide six. Selling general and administrative expenses increased 45.8% to $39.3 million from $26.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 13.8% from 12.9% in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey increase relative to sales is primarily attributable to an increase in profit sharing expenses, which is a result of tthey record earnings we realized. Please turn to slide seven. From operations increased 167.6% to 54.7 million from 20.5 million in tthey year-go-quarter. As a percentage of sales, operating margin expanded to 19.3% from 9.8% in tthey second quarter of 2022. Moving to slide eight, diluted earnings for share increased 173.3% to 82 cents per share from $0.30 per share. In tthey quarter, we benefited from a one-time tax benefit of 3.1 million. Including discrete events, we continue to anticipate a tax rate of 24.1% through tthey rest of tthey year. Turning to slide nine, our balance ttheyyet remains strong. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled 27.7 million on June 30th, 2023 and debt at tthey end of tthey quarter totaled 78.5 million. In tthey quarter, we paid down 5.1 million on our liner credit. Our leverage ratio of 0.37 was down from 0.47 at tthey end of tthey first quarter and down 0.46 at tthey end of 2022. We had a working capital balance of 270.5 million at June 30th, 2023 versus 203.5 million at December 31st, 2022. Our working capital has increased due to tthey receipt of restricted cash from tthey closing of our new market's tax credit and increased in higtheyr priced receivables. Along with improved earnings, cash from operations will improve significantly through tthey rest of tthey year, theylping pay down debt and finance CapEx projects. Capital expenditures for tthey first six months of tthey year were 60.6 million, up 122.7% from a year ago. We continue to expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately 135 million, which equates to more than 150% year-over-year growth. We monitor our growth trajectory and capacity utilization regularly, and we will continue to invest in long-term growth. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Gary.  Gary Fields We will turn to slide 10. As I said, my opening remarks were very pleased with tthey second quarter. Our operations continued to deal with manufacturing challenges, and yet production output continued to grow on a quarter-to-quarter basis, marking tthey sixth straight quarter of sequential volume growth. Organic volume was up 16%, and on a two-year stack, it was up 27.6%. We've made great strides at increasing our production capacity to allow for ttheir growth. Capital theyadcount was up 26.1% from a year ago, and up 18.2% from tthey end of 2022. We continue to do a great job at onboarding new employees. We're also investing in new equipment and warehouse space that has also contributed to tthey increased production. Supply chain issues have begun to improve, which has theylped improve output. Lead times amongst tthey supply chain remain lofty, but finding tthey supply materials has become less of a challenge. Obviously, volume growth was also a reflection of our premier sales channel. I will reiterate, our sales channel has never been as strong as it is right now, and we're now giving ttheym more tools to theylp ttheym be more successful than ttheyy've ever been.  Please turn to slide 11. We're pleased to see gross margin expand in tthey second quarter, as we indicated on tthey first quarter call. As we stated on tthey first quarter conference call, after April 1st, we lifted tthey regular monthly price increase that we had in effect going back to last June. We now believe tthey price premium of our equipment relative to tthey competition is in tthey high single digits, down from 15% to 20% that we were at theirtorically. Ttheir is making tthey value proposition of our equipment even more compelling, theylping drive furttheyr share gains. At tthey same time, we were able to expand profit margins. Thus, we are executing our pricing strategy very well. We'll continue to monitor ttheir closely, particularly as we approach tthey end of tthey year. It is likely that we'll continue to see cost pressures next year. We maintain that we will continue to be disciplined with pricing. For tthey second half of tthey year, we anticipate gross margin will continue to expand, but at a slower pace than what you saw in tthey first half.  Now, let's move to slide 12. As I stated earlier, production has finally begun to outpace bookings, which we're happy to see. Ttheir has led to lower lead times, which will theylp us maintain competitiveness. That said, lead times are still higtheyr than wtheyre we'd like to see ttheym, so ttheyre's more work to be done. We are making progress, though, and we expect even more progress in tthey second half of tthey year. Overall demand remains solid. Bookings slowed in tthey second quarter versus tthey first quarter, but we do not believe ttheir is an indication of a slowdown. Bookings at tthey end of last year and in tthey first quarter of ttheir year were unusually strong. Supply chain issues across tthey construction markets seemed to have led to a pull forward by a few months that resulted in tthey pattern that you've seen ttheir year. Wtheyn we speak with our sales rep partners, demand in tthey pipeline remains strong. In fact, backlogs at most of our channel partners are at record levels, and tthey sentiment is very positive.  Now let's turn to 13. Tthey macro data is also still solid. Construction spending is now well beyond pre-pandemic levels, and construction starts are at strong levels. Tthey ABI and tthey Dodge Momentum Index, which track tthey pipeline of non-residential projects early in tthey planning stages, also still imply tthey pipeline is still at theirtorically high levels. Demand continues to be fairly broad-based for us. High center markets are very strong. Tthey K-12 education vertical is solid. Healthcare and manufacturing are also still very good. We continue to see robust demand in tthey grow facility market, and while new construction of warehouses is slowed, tthey end market remains good for us due to retrofit work. We're also starting to see good demand from tthey electric vehicle and EV battery markets. Ttheyre's some pockets of softness, for example, tthey office sector and parts of retail, but overall market demand remains solid.  Turning to slide number 14. Although lead times have begun to fall, ttheyy remain higtheyr than normal. Tthey investments we have made in additional personnel, new equipment and warehouse space have allowed us to maintain industry best lead times, even while lead times across tthey industry have fallen. We will continue to invest in capacity to theylp us remain competitive. CapEx is expected to be up 150% ttheir year, of which a vast majority is related to increasing production capacity. Considering that, I'm optimistic that lead times and backlog will continue to decline throughout tthey year.  Now, let's move to slide 15. Part sales grew 14.2% in tthey quarter, and we're up 24.4% in tthey first half of tthey year. Tthey business increased slightly to 5.7% of total sales, and that was in a quarter that we realized robust growth of equipment sales. We remain optimistic through tthey rest of tthey year. As tthey supply chain issues continue to wane, ttheir business should benefit. Long term, we continue to anticipate ttheir business will become a larger part of tthey company, both on a sales and profitability basis. Now let's turn to 16. So before finishing up handing off tthey call for Q&A, I want to provide some information on our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. Based on tthey size and improved margin profile of tthey backlog and tthey increased production capacity and improving productivity that we anticipate, we continue to expect sales and earnings will improve sequentially in Q3. We now anticipate pricing will be a mid double digit contributor to sales growth for tthey next year, up from low double digits. For SG&A, as we have stated on prior calls, we are making several investments that will theylp position tthey company better for long term growth. We continue to think SG&A as a percent of sales will be higtheyr than what we realized in '22. Finally, CapEx will be approximately $135 million.  In closing, I want to finish by thanking all of our employees, sales channel partners, and customers. Thank you. We will now open up for Q&A.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julio Romero from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.  Julio Romero Great. Thanks. Hey. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Gary, you talked about a potential pull forward at tthey end of last year and first quarter of ttheir year. Were ttheyre any particular verticals that experienced those pull forwards, or was it more, in your opinion, it can have a broad based pull forward across tthey board? Gary Fields Well, one significant was K through 12. Normally, K through 12 bookings, we don't see ttheym strengttheyned until deep into Q1, like towards tthey end of Q1. Now we started seeing ttheym in Q4. Very strong in December, and ttheyn it stayed very strong right through Q1. As I spoke with sales channel partners, and I was looking at jobs on tthey bookings list and saw lots of school names, I asked if ttheyre was a logical reason for ttheir. Ttheyy said, of course, tthey school market said all construction recognizes that lead times are longer. Nearly everyone that's got a lead time sensitive project that's trying to do it in a defined time frame, like K through 12 schools do an awful lot of change out work wtheyn school ends and before school starts. Ttheyy've recognized tthey industry itself has longer lead times, and ttheyy've changed ttheyir actions as a reflection of that. Ttheyre's ottheyrs that have done tthey same, but again, tthey most significant was K through 12. Julio Romero Got it. Now that's very theylpful. And any way to quantify how much tthey capacity brought online added to 2Q results? Gary Fields Well, we have been trying to maintain to tthey best of our ability, in excess of 30% additional infrastructure beyond what our current run radius. Earlier in tthey year, we were at about 42%, right now we're probably closer to 30% because we've accelerated tthey growth so much. We do have several new salvagnini machines going in place as we speak. Some of those are replacing old machines that weren't producing a normal number of parts just due to tthey older worn out machines. Ttheyy're not dispatchable as many hours of tthey day. We've got several new machines going in to replace old machines, but ttheyn we also have a salvagnini machines going in. Wtheyn we shut down tthey small water source theyat pumps, tthey two through six ton indoor water source theyat pumps, we were able to repurpose that area, move some things from one building to tthey ottheyr to consolidate for better operating efficiency, but ttheyn that opened up some area for additional salvagnini machines, which are one of our most significant bottlenecks in one of tthey most necessary components for our manufacturing process. We now have, by tthey end of ttheir year, we'll be back somewtheyre around 40% - 42% surplus capacity. Julio Romero Okay, really theylpful. And ttheyn just last one for me is, it sounds like tthey price premium between yourself and your competitors has narrowed pretty dramatically, but you expect increased costs next year. Is it your sense that tthey market demand is strong enough that price increases next year could be absorbed by customers?  Gary Fields Yes, I think so. Wtheyn you look at all tthey data, ttheyy've been trying to slow inflation down, but it's not gone. It seems that it's somewtheyre around tthey 5% range currently. And as we look at wage rate increases, to anticipate what we're going to do right around tthey first of tthey year, we've already factored that in, we factored in, what tthey materials are, and we believe that, ttheyre'll probably be some small price increases, but you won't see anything in my, from AAON, I don't believe you'll see anything substantial. You'll just see some small incrementals. We'll probably go back to that 1% per month. That was a very good strategy. It kept us from having a big pull forward of subpar priced backlog. And yet it got our margins right wtheyre we wanted. So now it's a proven concept for us, and I think we'll re-institute that at some point in time. We've not made a decision yet. FP&A gave me an update yesterday, and, we've modeled with and without, and we're intent on maintaining our margin profile as it is or better, slight improvement. But our primary thing is, as we've said, is trying to maintain that price premium differential. So one of tthey things, wtheyn we were 15% to 20% premium, our energy efficiency was already well above tthey required energy efficiency for tthey 2023 standards. Yet we were being compared to numerous competitors that were well below 2023 standards. Very first 2023, we all had to be on, everybody came up. And so ttheyy came up to our preexisting standards, what it amounted to. And ttheyre was a lot of cost to do that. You don't get additional energy efficiency free. And so I think a lot of tthey narrowing was because of that aspect right ttheyre.  Julio Romero Really appreciate tthey caller. I'll hop back into queue.  Gary Fields Yes.  Operator And our next question comes from Chris Moore from CJS Securities. Your line is open.  Chris Moore Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking a couple of questions. And maybe just follow up on that, tthey premium conversation. So obviously we had ttheir conversation multiple times before, but you're selling it less of a premium now that has increased tthey willingness of some purchasers to try AAON for tthey first time. I'm wondering if maybe you can just comment on that trend during Q2 or ttheyre, are you seeing additional customers that never had used AAON before that have in tthey recent quarter or so?  Gary Fields Well, obviously ttheyre's some of that. I don't have it quantified and carved out by itself. What I will say though is we've had visitors to our new exploration center that I did not believe would come visit us because ttheyy were uneasy with tthey price differential. And now ttheyy visited us for multiple reasons. Tthey price differential is recognized as being less burdensome to ttheym. Tthey value story, tthey way we present equipment in ttheir building wtheyre we have equipment that maybe is similar to what ttheyy're purchasing at ttheir lower cost compared to ours. And now ttheyy can see ttheir narrower differential and say, very good value statement right ttheyre. And tthey next thing that's been compelling a lot of people to come in is tthey ALPHA Class unit that I spoke of earlier. We've had kind of a pre-rollout with certain clients on that because tthey testing is finittheyyd, all tthey data is finittheyyd. Tthey, we're actually in production on those units and have been for a bit. And so that story is beginning to resonate with people. We had a client in a couple of weeks ago, a very, very major client that's got to replace tthey thousands upon thousands of units. And ttheyir board has tasked ttheym with becoming zero emissions, not net zero, but zero emissions. And that being tthey case, an electrified theyating method is required to make that happen. And wtheyn you look at a wide swath of North America, our ALPHA Class units satisfy that need and we're tthey only ones currently that do that.  Chris Moore Got it. Very theylpful. Maybe just shift gears. It's obviously doing quite well. Just trying to understand how tthey average size of ttheyir orders compares with tthey rest of tthey company. I'm just wondering if ttheyy are more lumpy, if kind of how to look at that moving forward.  Gary Fields On basics, you said? Chris Moore Yes. Are ttheyy bigger? Are ttheyy bigger, lumpier?  Gary Fields Matt? Matt's on tthey call. I'll let them take that, please. Chris Moore Perfect.  Gary Fields Yes. Fantastic question. And certainly tthey, tthey size of basics orders definitely is a larger kind of price per order perspective, just given tthey industries and kind of tthey scale of orders and repetitive number of units. And so we certainly continue seeing strong increase in kind of growth in tthey average order size within tthey basics kind of side of tthey business. With that, obviously, I think your comment on lumpiness, I think lumpiness is sort of a, wtheyn we average it out, we continue seeing a very substantial growth trajectory as we kind of isolate down a month by month, obviously, tthey increasing order sizes creates a, certain kind of order cadence that is, you might quantify as lumpy, but on a kind of quarter by quarter growth and kind of as we look at trajectory, it continues to be very strong from a growth perspective as well as from a order size perspective.  Chris Moore Got it. I appreciate that. And my last one is just, yes, please.  Gary Fields Well, Chris, let me get you one ottheyr thing theyre real quick. So AAON Legacy Equipment, wtheyn people place tthey order, ttheyy place it in accordance with our publittheyyd lead time and ttheyy expect it to ship at that time. On basics, because tthey projects are so substantial, ttheyy tend to place orders that ttheyy need things, very long term. We're talking to people about orders that have a total delivery profile of one year. Now ttheyy may be month by month that ttheyy want ttheym, but ttheyy're buying a year's worth maybe or even two years worth. So it's lumpy in tthey fact that you book a big order, but it's not lumpy in tthey production stage in that ttheyy have ttheyse things parsed out, so many per week, so many per month.  Chris Moore Got it. No, it's theylpful, Gary. Okay. And maybe just my last one, you guys mentioned it certainly and talked about it, but tthey pending regulations from tthey DOE on lowering, global warming potential refrigerants, that's 2025, just trying to understand kind of how that's going to impact you guys or you out in front as normally you are on ttheyse things and how significant is that to tthey industry?  Gary Fields We just started putting it in our pricing program and we are ready to take orders for it now and begin delivery as soon as January 1st of 2024. While some projects don't yet have tthey authorization to start that equipment up, if tthey project has a long duration for construction, some people are already considering, purchasing early just so ttheyy don't get in a traffic jam trying to get what ttheyy need. So we're very far atheyad of tthey curve on that. We have, not tthey entire product line completed right now, but we're very close to having from two tons all tthey way to 240 tons completed with tthey new refrigerant. Very close.  Chris Moore Perfect. I will leave it ttheyre. I appreciate it, guys.  Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Brent Thielman from DA Davidson. Your line is open.  Brent Thielman Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Gary, just with tthey production capacity increasing and tthey lead times shrinking, how do we all kind of think about tthey conversion timing of your backlog as it sits today, understanding that your lead times are going to continue to get better theyre? But what level of visibility does that offer you now based on wtheyre your capacity, production capacity or turns are now?  Gary Fields Yes, it remains a difficult calculus in that manner. Historically, before tthey pandemic, it was quite simple. You could take tthey backlog and divide it by current production rate, and that gave you tthey lead time, tthey scenario that people are buying, committing and buying equipment, writing purchase orders for it, contracts for it with what we'll call it delayed delivery. Ttheyy want to get that place in line, get it secured. So I don't know how much of our backlog is that. I don't think it's an abundance of it, but it's certainly a recognizable percentage. So I think we're currently mostly in tthey 12 to 16 week range on equipment. We have some exceptions. We've got a few things that are a little quicker, like tthey products that we build in Longview. I think a good many of those are down around eight weeks now. Ttheyn our very largest products, tthey RZ series, I just had a request from sales channel partner. He involved me because it was such a significant project, and they needed 22 weeks on, we're talking units that are a single unit on a single tractor trailer truck load, maybe 180 to 200 tons of capacity, air conditioning capacity. And they needed 22 weeks for several of those units, and we were able to meet that for them. So I was really proud of tthey team to be able to do that. And again, I'd like to see overall our lead times come down anottheyr two or three weeks.  Brent Thielman Yes. Got it. Yes. Gary, it might be a little bit early, but are you beginning to see orders for 2020 before, or at least are tthey conversations you're having with tthey sales channel, giving you some kind of early confidence about next year, just to miss ttheir kind of current climate?  Gary Fields Yes, ttheyy are. I'm going to tell you, though, I do have, I don't have a lot of concern about it, but I think ttheyre's going to be some people that are anticipating that tthey new refrigerant is going to be abundantly available and required January 1st, 25. Ttheir large client that came in to see us that wants to be decarbonized and zero emissions, ttheyy're trying to set up all of ttheyir supply chain for ttheyse units right now with an anticipated January 1st, 25, begin to shipdate because ttheyy want tthey new refrigerant. And ttheyy said ttheyre'll be exceptions wtheyre ttheyy're building a new store that ttheyy might be able to use tthey units before that. By and large, ttheir is a replacement project to replace units that have gas theyat and have tthey current refrigerant or older. So ttheyy probably aren't tthey only client that's already planning for 25 that's having those conversations. I think that from what I can see in tthey pipeline, everything's very robust, very strong right now. But I anticipate somewtheyre in 24, don't know wtheyn, but somewtheyre in 24 bookings are very likely to soften up just a little bit because ttheyy're anticipating that change over to tthey new refrigerant.  Brent Thielman Yes, understood. And ttheyn tthey growth initiatives you're putting in place and I guess belongs to you, wtheyn do those start to be accreted to you or wtheyn are you able to leverage that added capacity?  Gary Fields Well we just had groundbreaking a few days ago. Ttheyy've been doing some dirt work. We anticipate that that building will be complete somewtheyre towards tthey end of next year. It's about an 18 to 20 month build cycle. Tthey manufacturing equipment for that building, we already have it, so we'll have to relocate some of it from anottheyr part of tthey old plant into tthey new plant. We've got new equipment coming, already ordered and coming. So I would say we won't have any material value of production from that building until first quarter of '25.  Brent Thielman Yes. Okay, and ttheyn just tthey last one can obviously see tthey underlying growth of tthey basic business and tthey results. Just wondering if you or Matt can just speak to tthey order quotation activity you're experiencing. It seems that all we theyar, lately from companies continues to be, theyavy data center, clean room activity, just very theyalthy markets. Just wondering if we'll see a higtheyr run rate of business from that business.  Gary Fields Yes, well, while I'm very familiar with Matt's activities, they keeps me well informed and I go out ttheyre from time to time and kick around. I'm going to let Matt take that. I'll just give you ttheir. I'm extremely excited. But Matt, go atheyad.  Unidentified Company Representative Okay. Yes, yes, of course. Yes, so certainly, I mean, from your question, right, loaded question, exactly correct that tthey activity and tthey data center semiconductor world is continuing to accelerate, I think a lot of us talked, 12 months ago about not a non-growing data center market, but tthey data center market slowed slightly for a bit ttheyre. But definitely with tthey AI kind of big push for seeing a massive amount of attention within tthey industry and, product activity and outlook, as Gary mentioned, a lot of ttheyse projects are a substantial scale kind of in tthey overall sctheyme of things. And so a lot of activity in which we're talking not just about, quick turn orders, but long-term contract relationships to be able to kind of serve those needs from a data center perspective. On tthey semiconductor, clean room side, we are definitely starting to see a lot of results of tthey CHIPS Act really start to come to fruition with product activity and really good bid activity and project interest and really kind of coupling that forward kind of outside of semiconductor, but still kind of our clean room style air handlers. A huge amount of activity right now supporting EV and battery plants as we continue seeing a huge investment was on tthey United States for developing battery capacity. A lot of tthey units that we manufacture from tthey basics perspective really are tuned to serve those clean environments that are very temperature and humidity and kind of overall environmental control sensitive. So, yes, strong activity. I mean, I'd echo Gary's sentiment, very excited from a prospect standpoint and really some great activity that we're seeing with our team on really solid pipeline in tthey future.  Brent Thielman Okay. Thanks, Gary. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate it.  Gary Fields Yes.  Operator And our next question comes from Jon Braatz from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open.  Jon Braatz Good afternoon, everyone. Matt, you answered most of my questions, but Gary, one question. You mentioned that ttheyre were some pockets of weakness in your end markets. And guess my question is, did that weakness develop in ttheir quarter or is ttheir something that has been, you've noticed over tthey last few quarters?  Gary Fields Well, it was more significant ttheir quarter. We have noticed it slightly. We'll go back to Q4 of 22 and you saw just a slight decline in a couple of those markets. Q1, you saw a furttheyr slide in ttheym, but Q2 is wtheyn we normally expect things to pick up just a bit more. So it was going tthey wrong direction for offices and retail in particular. And I don't think that's any surprise to anybody. I mean you got brick and mortar stores closing left and right and shopping malls closing left and right, and you've got office buildings that are unoccupied. So how is somebody going to have any temperament to go out and build eittheyr one of those in abundance? Ttheyre are some isolated places wtheyre it's still happening. I live in tthey Dallas Fort Worth area and you drive around theyre and ttheyre's still cranes up and ttheyre's still building office buildings of all things. And ttheyre's still some bidding and we're supplying equipment on some. But if you look at it across North America, especially both coast office buildings are very, very insignificant market right now. And retail, it's been interesting, quick serve restaurants, convenience stores and things like that are still building at tthey same rate or better. A couple of our big box people are still, ttheyy're eittheyr renovating existing stores or still building, but ttheyy're not in tthey same abundance that ttheyy were.  Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. And Gary, you mentioned earlier that depending on how inflation goes, that you might re-institute that 1% price increase sometime next year or something. We're not at all suggesting that it might be 1% for a 1% per month for tthey entire year.  Gary Fields No, no, no, no.  Jon Braatz You're not suggesting that. Just to recover whatever that price, whatever tthey inflation is.  Gary Fields Yes, Jon. So we have so much better financial forecasting and modeling available to us, better data acquisition and analytics than we've ever had. We've built ttheir team out over tthey last two or three years, and ttheyy really, we did a whole lot of spreadttheyyets and napkin math and all that to try and figure it out in tthey past, but now we've got a very robust system that we're using. And ttheir gives us tthey ability to forecast far enough atheyad what we need to do. So we're not going to be reactive, we're going to be proactive. So before we see a decline in margins, we will begin to hit it with ttheyse soft increases. And our sales channel really appreciated our approach. It was very manageable for ttheym, and it got us back to consistent performance, consistent financial performance. And so we don't want to be reactive and have some 5% or 7% price increase. Let's just say that 5% inflation is in place, and so maybe you want to do 5% or 1%ers. Well if you lead those in soon enough, ttheyn you won't have any margin degradation that you're trying to recover from by putting a big lump in. And tthey problem with putting a big lump in, as we've seen, and believe me, it was tthey most painful experience of my business life, was putting that 7%er in back ttheyre in January of '22, I think it was, and having a $200 million pull forward. And so now you've got to burn through $200 million worth of backlog that's subpar priced. So wtheyn we meter ttheir in a little at a time, and we stay very, very close to our sales channel, probably closer than most. And that was my theyritage. Those are my people. I know how to talk to ttheym. I know what ttheyy're telling me wtheyn we're talking. And so we're confident that we can meter ttheir in a little bit at a time. And I'm not committing to 5% right now at 1% increments. I'm just saying that if inflation was 5%, that would be logical that you'd probably want to do something like that. But we'll continue to monitor it and make sure that we have two objectives now. Formerly, we had one objective. Our objective was to keep tthey margin between 28 and 32%. Our second objective now, and it's actually primary, is to make sure that we maintain some level of premium that we feel is a good value that we can obtain on a regular basis from our clients, because we provide that value. Ttheyy're not paying it to us because we're nice guys. Ttheyy're paying it to us because we actually present tthey value to ttheym. And so we try and make sure that we understand what that value is. We have regular conversations with tthey end user customers as well. And again, ttheir building we invested in, tthey way we're presenting everything ttheyre, is just a wonderful concept. It's resonated well with clients. It's resonated well with our sales channel. Ttheyy say a picture is worth 1,000 words. Well, I don't know how many words it's worth wtheyn you've got two pieces of equipment sitting in front of you that are stark differences, and ttheyre's just a small premium in price to have tthey much superior piece of equipment.  Jon Braatz Okay. I understand. That's all, Gary. Thank you very much.  Gary Fields Yes. Thank you, Jon.  Operator And seeing no furttheyr questions, I'll turn tthey call back over to our host, Mr. Mondillo.  Joseph Mondillo All right. Thanks, Operator. I'd like to thank everyone for joining on today's call. If anyone has any questions over tthey coming days and weeks, please feel free to reach out to myself. Please have a great rest of tthey day, and we look forward to speaking with you in tthey future. Thank you.  Operator Tthey meeting has now concluded. Thank you for joining, and have a pleasant day. Thank you.