Aaon, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President, CEO & Director Roger Thompson - VP, Finance, CFO, CAO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Jonathan Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. Fourth Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. And I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, Mr. Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon, and welcome to our Q1 '21 earnings announcements. I have to read tthey forward-looking disclaimer to begin with. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So joining me on tthey call today on Norm Asbjornson, our Executive Chairman; Roger Thompson, our newly promoted Chief Financial Officer. Roger is going to open by reviewing our financial performance. So Roger, tthey floor is yours. Roger Thompson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2021, versus March 31, 2020. Net sales declined 15.8% to $115.8 million from $137.5 million. Tthey first quarter of 2020 benefited from a high backlog that allowed tthey company to run at full capacity and set all-time record highs for net sales in tthey first quarter. Tthey order intake began to slow in late 2020, and tthey company intentionally slowed production to keep its backlog at a theyalthy level. Tthey year-over-year decline in net sales was primarily due to lost production days in January for planned maintenance and in February due to impacts of bad weattheyr. Our gross profit decreased 22.8% to $33.2 million from $42.9 million. As a percent of sales, gross profit was 28.6% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 31.2% in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey production days we lost in tthey quarter resulted in unfavorable labor and overtheyad inefficiencies, including tthey company's ability to absorb certain fixed costs, which caused tthey decrease in our gross profit. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3.4% to $14.7 million from $15.2 million in 2020. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 12.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.1% in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey increase in SG&A as a percent of sales was due to an increase in insurance premiums and salaries and benefits. Income from operations decreased 33.6% to $18.5 million or 15.9% of sales from $27.8 million or 20.2% of sales in 2020. Our effective tax rate decreased to 11.4% from 21.5%. Tthey unusually low tax rate was mainly related to a $1.8 million increase in our excess tax benefits associated with stock awards. Tthey company's estimated annual 2021 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 27%. Net income decreased to $16.4 million or 14.1% of sales compared to $21.9 million or 15.9% of sales in tthey first quarter of 2020. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 26.8% to $0.30 per share from $0.41 per share. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. You'll see that we had a working capital balance of $178.7 million versus $161.2 million at December 31, 2019. Our unrestricted cash totaled $97 million at March 31, 2021. Our current ratio is approximately 3.7:1. Our capital expenditures were $16.4 million for tthey quarter. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $70.7 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $5.2 million during tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2021. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $6.93 at March 31, 2021, compared to $6.67 at December 31, 2020. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. So overall, we're happy with tthey first quarter performance. It was in line with our expectations. Unsurprisingly, sales were down year-over-year. But compared to fourth quarter, if you'll recall, wtheyn we had those announcements, I said that a good benchmark accomplishment for Q1 would be if we essentially duplicated Q4 that was because I have a good visual of tthey backlog and knew we needed to slow down production. So we slowed tthey production down. Probably tthey intentional portion was tthey longer shutdown around tthey holidays, and that allowed us to get atheyad on some pretty theyavy-duty maintenance. But ttheyn we had tthey adverse weattheyr. So we ended up a little bit lower in revenue than what we actually thought we were going to do as a result of that weattheyr shutdown, too. But after tthey moderation in bookings in tthey end of 2020, tthey bookings began to pick up sharply right after tthey first of tthey year. Now we did have a price increase that went into effect on January 11. So that's not unusual for January or any time to pick up bookings cadence right atheyad of tthey price increase. But tthey fact that tthey bookings increase stayed very robust throughout tthey quarter told me that it was genuine growth in bookings. Normally, tthey pull forward from a price increase runs in tthey range of 30 to 45 days, and ttheyn it begins to kind of stabilize and see what tthey actual run rate is. So I think tthey number was - our bookings were up around 21%, 22% in Q1 of '21 versus Q1 of '20. That Q1 of '20, bear in mind, was largely unaffected by coronavirus because tthey virus didn't really start slowing anything down until Q2. And so ttheir is a very strong indicator of our bookings performance for '21. And that booking performance has continued on that same trajectory up until right now. I mean it still continues. It hasn't slowed down at all. So ttheyy're strengttheyning a fair amount. And we're looking at backlog on May 1 was $104.5 million. You got to recognize that we've got production turned up pretty good, too. So we're maintaining a really nice balance theyre between production levels and backlog levels. Going back a few quarters, I said that tthey ideal backlog should be - wtheyn we got our production capacity wtheyre we had planned it, should be real close to $100 million. So we're running along at just almost exactly tthey perfect backlog right now. Replacement business ttheir time of year is always stronger than tthey construction ttheir year is taking shape, same as what we expected. A lot to take through 12 schools are in tthey books right now being built. But on tthey new construction side, we're seeing a fair amount with data centers, large air-conditioned warehouses for online retailers. Some of that stuff really picked up and is quite strong. So tthey growth business, agricultural growth, some of you might know, it is tthey cannabis business. It's primarily what it is. Additional states approved some measure of cannabis legalization back in tthey fall. And responding to that, wtheyre more of ttheyse facilities being built in more states, and we are one of tthey companies that provided best practice HVAC equipment for that industry several years ago now, and we maintain a very strong position in that industry. So architectural billing index had several months. I don't want to - I don't have it in front of me, but it's somewtheyre around 10 months that were below tthey benchmark of 50, which said that ttheyy had lower architecture billings. Ttheir normally translates into a slowdown in business for us. Well, we're not seeing it quite like theirtoric because what caused those billings to go down was not a normal activity. It was a very abnormal activity. What we have witnessed for certain, and we've just concluded a sales conference with our leading representatives last week and validated ttheir furttheyr, numerous projects in early to mid-2020 were put on pause. Various reasons. Some, ttheyy couldn't man tthey projects because of coronavirus. Some, ttheyir states wouldn't allow ttheym to work. Some, ttheyy just were uncertain what tthey outcome was, and ttheyy had tthey opportunity to hit pause. Well, those projects were designed. Tthey plans were on tthey ttheyylf, ready to be utilized. Ttheyy have hit tthey go button on numerous of those projects, and that doesn't necessarily generate an architectural billing. So ttheir architecture billing index doesn't have tthey exact correlation that it does in normal times. So we've seen a lot of projects come off of tthey storage ttheyylf, put into tthey market, and ttheyse have resulted in orders for us. Now I do believe at some point in time that we're going to see a bit of a dip because of tthey architecture billing index, because ttheyy just didn't bill work for a while. So it has to show up, but it's not showing up in its traditional download for tthey indicator. Now architecture billing index has turned back positive tthey last month or 2. For sure, it's been above tthey benchmark at 50. I think ttheir last one was wtheyn ttheyy closed, 53%, 52.8% or something like that, I think it was. So it's beginning to strengttheyn. Our sales channel partners tell us that ttheyir pipeline is very robust and that tthey orders coming to us are going to be steady. We had anticipated that maybe orders would peak sometime in Q2 going into Q3, causing Q4 to slow down as we've traditionally seen with our seasonality. We're not certain at ttheir point in time if that's going to happen because tthey pipeline seems to be pretty robust at ttheir point. That could change at any moment, but ttheir is what we're looking at today. So looking at our various business segments. Surprisingly, we've had some commercial and retail business that I frankly wasn't expecting. Grocery stores continue to build and update and remodel. Convenience stores continue to do tthey same thing. Office buildings have been a bit soft, although nonexistent. Medical and theyalth care are definitely picking up. Go back early in tthey coronavirus occurrence wtheyn it was identified that tthey rural communities, tthey outlined communities were very deficient in ttheyir capacity for theyalth care, a lot of those facilities have been mothballed or tthey region had expanded and ttheyy had not yet supported ttheym with localized theyalth care. We're seeing a very nice influx of business due to that. Again, I had some customers in theyre just in tthey last day or two that were focused on theyalth care. Ttheyse were end user owners with ttheyir engineers and our sales channel partner representatives theyre, and ttheyy are West Coast operation, and ttheyy were planning a lot of facilities. And ttheyy were theyre to look at our equipment, and ttheyy left theyre with a very favorable impression. So I expect that one to turn into something good for us. In tthey education market I already spoke to, K-12 is very, very strong. One of tthey things that we're seeing, ttheyre's been some bond issues recently in various regions that, as recently as a year ago, some of ttheyse were challenging to get past, and now ttheyy're passing easily. And one of tthey key things in ttheyse bond issues is updating tthey HVAC systems to be in accordance with best practices for virus mitigation into air quality. Ttheyse are things that are very favorable for AAON with tthey equipment that we manufacture. Manufacturing has really not had any material change to it. We still continue to supply equipment for manufacturers, might be slightly curtailed or cured, but not much. On tthey lodging front, we're seeing some replacement business, but not so much new business. Not seeing a lot of new hotels built, a few theyre and ttheyre. But mostly, we're seeing people pull forward on updating ttheyir HVAC systems. Again, ttheyy want to put ttheyse virus mitigation procedures into tthey units, and ttheyir best way to do that oftentimes is update tthey unit. So that's kind of wtheyre we're at with our markets right now. Again, just to recap growth facilities, large warehouse air conditioning, both of ttheyse are stronger than what we've seen in tthey recent past. Raw materials and component prices are definitely on tthey rise. We got a price increase in effect on January 11. We have anottheyr one that goes into effect June 1. Each one of ttheyse was 4% across tthey board, and ttheyse were put in place to manage our expected material and component price increases. And we believe that we are in a favorable position to offset all of those material price increases. We continue to improve productivity theyre in tthey Tulsa facility. We're operating now at about tthey most efficient turning metal into profit that we've ever done. I'm very proud of ttheir team. Ttheyy've worked very hard. And we share tthey team theyre that accomplish that with our ottheyr primary manufacturing facility in Longview. We got tthey new facility up and going about 60 days ago now. It was wtheyn we manufactured tthey first products in that. And it has quite a ways to go to reach tthey efficiency that we believe we're capable of. But ttheir same team that theylped identify all tthey practices that enabled ttheir wonderful efficiency we have theyre in Tulsa, ttheyy go down on a weekly basis. In fact, ttheyre is a group of ttheym ttheyre today. And ttheyy go down on a weekly basis, a whole group of ttheym does, spend 1 day and theylp that team down ttheyre. And we've seen very nice results from that, and we look forward to continuous improvement throughout '21 in both revenue production and efficiency. Both of those are going to improve in that facility throughout '21. I don't see us reaching tthey levels that we believe we're capable of prior to tthey end of tthey year. Our sales rep network, I mentioned earlier, we had a somewhat of a sales retreat last week, brought in a lot of tthey key sales channel leaders. And tthey overall tenor of tthey meeting was very upbeat. Ttheyy had very positive attitudes about tthey way we were doing business, tthey way we were supporting ttheym. Our shorter lead times were very much appreciated. Obviously, we've seen an improvement in quality over tthey past few years. You see that tthey warranty expense has continued to go down and stabilize. It's been very stable for about 1.5 years now. And so ttheyy recognize that. That makes ttheyir jobs a lot easier. Bringing tthey lead times down to very attractive levels has afforded ttheym opportunities that ttheyy wouldn't have ottheyrwise. And so tthey overall tenor from tthey sales channel is very good. And that's why I temper that going into ttheir year, our expectations were that Q1 would mirror Q4 of '20, but ttheyn that bell curve of Q2 and Q3 being up and Q4 maybe being back down a bit in relative terms. What ttheyy're leading me to believe is it might - if we do have a lower demand in Q4 in production, it might not be as substantial as we first anticipated. So it's a little stronger out ttheyre than maybe what we anticipated back in tthey fall wtheyn we were doing our annual planning. Tthey water-source theyat pump business is pretty stagnant for us right now. Tthey product - and we've talked about ttheir before, but tthey product that we have is very favorable for new construction. We continue to have a steady demand for that product, but it is not a good fit for retrofit wtheyn ttheyre's a couple of manufacturers that had a very dominant position for 20-plus years. And ttheyir units are tthey ones that are wearing out, needing to be replaced. And our unit is not a wonderful direct replacement for it just due to its configuration. So we have designed a complete line of units to be 100% backward compatible with ttheir huge installed base. And we're optimizing that. It's probably well along towards completion and introduction. It will occur later ttheir year. And we believe that, that will allow us to regain our growth position with water-source theyat pumps because tthey dominating factor of tthey water-source theyat pump market today is replacement, not new construction. Our CapEx investments remain, as we have talked about before, just a bit over $70 million. I believe that around $40 million of that $70 million is for accretive capacity. Roger Thompson Correct. Gary Fields Yes. And $30 million of that is for replacement maintenance, worn out things. Looking across tthey street today and a beautiful things occurring, we have a crane over ttheyre setting new AAON units on our East side factory to be atheyad of tthey curve and keep our employees well-conditioned, and ttheyse all have tthey latest indoor air quality virus mitigation procedures installed in ttheym. Indoor air quality and virus mitigation procedures remain a topic of conversation with every customer that comes in contact today. I think that wtheyn ASHRAE publittheyyd ttheyir best practices guidelines last summer and revised it 2 or 3 times with little tweaks, that everyone took notice of that. And so all replacement on new construction, ttheyy're at least giving it tthey credence of thinking what should we be doing. And it looks to me like a great many of ttheyse projects that ttheyy're including some form, if not all forms, of tthey best practices for virus mitigation. So we're optimistic theyading into tthey second quarter. We're in tthey second quarter now. Things are running smoothly. Orders are coming in tthey door nicely. And we believe that we will be in our best ratios for absorption of overtheyad. And so wtheyre we had said we wanted to manage our gross profit between 28% and 32%, Q1, we were just slightly above that 28%. I believe as we go through second quarter theyre with better revenue, better production out tthey door that we'll have better absorption, and ttheyrefore, we'll be closer to that bull's eye target of 30% or so. So with that, I'm going to open up tthey call to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we have our first question from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Gary, you talked about tthey increase in tthey replacement orders. And I was curious if you had any sense sort of how much of that could be related to tthey sort of stuff you're just talking about, tthey air upgrade kind of circulation, medical-related upgrades for systems. Is ttheyre any way to tell from that? Gary Fields It's a little difficult to give a real highly qualified definitive number on that. You can have a sense of what's going on, Brent. And it looks to me like tthey - we're up 22% on bookings over last year, and I would say that a significant amount of that is attributable to tthey indoor air quality, tthey virus mitigation procedures. Because last year, Q1 was a very nice bookings quarter very much within our - what we had anticipated, and it had tthey normal replacement business for schools. So for ttheir year to be up ttheir substantially in bookings, it really feels like a big part of that accretive bookings number is related to tthey virus mitigation procedures and people getting on top of that. Brent Thielman Okay. And Gary, I mean, I'm assuming ttheir equipment sort of add more bells and wtheirtles to it in order to meet those sorts of standards. Is ttheyre a way for us to think about tthey average value - or higtheyr average value per unit for something like that to address tthey sort of things that ASHRAE is talking about? Gary Fields Well, that's tthey wonderful thing about tthey AAON unit is ttheyse things are very inexpensive for us to add to our units. What it has done is our units ttheymselves are much more - a much better value to go address ttheyse things. So we don't have to do very much at all. So for instance, our units are double-wall steel panel. Tthey interior panel of our unit is solid steel, and it's washable. So you don't get bacterias and viruses attaching to a fiberglass liner like tthey majority of our competitors have. Ttheyy don't have a steel liner. And that's intheyrent in our units from 2 tons all tthey way up to 240 tons. Tthey next thing is that our fan will overcome tthey additional pressure drop to ttheyse higtheyr-rated filters. While tthey difference in, say, a MERV 8 filter, which has been tthey most common filter used up until MERV 13 filter, which is pretty much what everybody is wanting to do, tthey cost in that filter is insignificant. It's - maybe in a 2-ton unit, it's $20; in a 100-ton unit, maybe it's $300. So it's not significant. But what is significant is that our unit was designed, and its fundamental design was to overcome that additional pressure drop in a very efficient manner. So we can put ttheyse filters in. We can have ttheir nice, clean interior that doesn't collect bacteria and virus, and allow it to accumulate. Ttheyy can clean ttheyse units easily. Ttheyn wtheyn you start putting infrared lights in ttheyre, again, you're talking in a 2-ton to 10-ton unit, which a lot of ttheyse school units, that's ttheyir range. You're talking about $125 on a several thousand-dollar unit. Now tthey one thing that does cost a little money, and we're not seeing a lot of it, but we're seeing a little bit is tthey bipolar ionization. That seems to be a small percentage of our customers want tthey better filtration. Ttheyy want tthey lights, and ttheyn ttheyy want tthey bipolar. It's a very small percentage that want tthey bipolar. Brent Thielman Okay. Okay. Obviously, we see what's going on with steel and copper market and ottheyr rods out ttheyre. It sounds like you guys are getting atheyad of it. One question I had was any issues just getting tthey materials and components you need. It seems like ttheyre's a lot of supply chain challenges around that just... Gary Fields Well, it's an interesting conversation. Tthey Board met for our Audit Committee meeting a couple of days ago, and every one of our Board members was present. Even though ttheyy're not all on that committee, ttheyy still read into it. And ttheyre was a discussion about our inventory levels. Our inventory is running about 15% to 17% of revenue. And if you look back theirtorically, it was closer to 10% of revenue. And ttheyy said, "Do we see a time wtheyn we might lower that inventory level and get back into that theirtoric ratio?" I mean, I said, "Gentleman and ladies, we're blessed that we have ttheir inventory because it's keeping us from having supply chain issues. We have an abundance of materials in theyre. We struggled for some small things from time to time, but my purchasing department says that while it's a little extra work, ttheyy've not caused us to miss any shipments or commitments for shipments because of that." And so ttheir was kind of a blessing in disguise that we have ttheir. Tthey ottheyr thing is, is that my pricing was more stable because we had a lot of ttheyse materials bought at a better price. So as things are escalating, tthey one thing you're proud of is you've got a big inventory of lower-priced materials. So I was able to get my price increase extended out furttheyr, June 1, and I won't be buying materials at that higtheyr price until after that price increase actually hits tthey floor. So we're in real good shape with our supply chain. I'm very proud of ttheir team that we have theyre and how aggressive ttheyy are in doing that. So for us, at ttheir point in time at least, it's not been an issue. Brent Thielman Yes. Very good. Last one for me would just be, Gary, I want to kind of come back to tthey synopsis of what you're seeing out ttheyre in tthey market, and it seems to be a true reacceleration in orders. I guess, as we sit theyre today, I mean, it looks like through 2Q, 3Q, I mean, we should see some favorable top line comparisons based on what you can see right now. Gary Fields Yes. Yes. And Q4 is coming somewhat into focus. Now it's still just a little fuzzy. It's out ttheyre far enough, but it's just a little fuzzy. So I don't want to absolutely commit that Q4 is not going to roll over on us. But again, Q4 of '20 was substantially lower than - it kind of resumed that bell curve that we'd had in tthey past. It was much lower than Q3. I don't have tthey exact numbers now. Do you remember what tthey percentage reduction was? Roger Thompson I don't. Gary Fields Well, anyhow. So again, we're going to have favorable comps going forward. So ttheir Q1 was anticipated to be lower. It's very tough comp with Q1 of '20 because we had such a huge backlog coming into '20. And so we knew ttheir one was going to be tough. We told you folks about it last quarter or even before that. But going forward, I think we'll have some favorable comps, Brent. Operator We have our next question from Julio Romero from Sidoti. Julio Romero So I guess, just on that last question, I wanted to just kind of stay on price cost and just thinking about price increases. Can you give us a refrettheyyr of maybe how often you reprice in a given year? And do you think it's more likely than not that we see a few more price increases in tthey third and fourth quarter? Gary Fields Well, our purchasing group keeps a 6-month forecast a material cost in front of me at all times. So I have a rolling 6 months in front of me at all times. And again, going back to that higtheyr inventory level, that's what allows me to have a good visual on 6 months out. So I can respond quick enough that I can give our sales channel partners very good notice, so that ttheyy don't get trapped with bids at a price that ttheyy can't afford due to a price increase. So knowing tthey cadence - all those years I spend on ttheyir side of tthey table, I know tthey exact cadence of ttheyir activity from bid day until ttheyy place an order with us. So I try and keep that in mind. And ttheyn with our lead times now under very good control, I know exactly how long it takes to get from tthey date we book an order at tthey new price to get it on tthey plant floor. And all of that is inside of tthey 6 months. So every month, I'm looking at tthey 6-month outlook on ttheyse material costs. If ttheyre's any change within tthey month, ttheyn ttheyy raise tthey flag quicker. But ottheyrwise, our normal activity is, once a month, ttheyy furnish me an updated report that gives me tthey next 6 months. So it's a calculus as to how we do ttheir and knowing all of tthey timing events, ttheyn we have ttheir, so that we can do it. What I have as of today doesn't give me any indication for tthey next 6 months that I would have anottheyr price increase. I have tthey one coming June 1 that covers everything that I know for tthey next 6 months plus. So because we announced that, what, 2, 3 months ago? Roger Thompson It's tthey beginning of March. Gary Fields Beginning of March, so a couple of months ago that we announced that. And so now I've got, let's say, 8 months runway that things are stable with what ttheyy told. Ttheyre's been no changes in our outlook for tthey last 2 months. Everything that I got on ttheir latest report was captured tthey same 2 months ago. So to your point, could we see ottheyr price increases? As of today, I don't see tthey necessity for that, but ttheir could easily change if we have anottheyr big vessel lodged in tthey Suez Canal and can't get something theyre. I mean all kinds of things can happen quickly. But what I'm most proud about ttheir team is that ttheyy now have very, very good data points that ttheyy utilize to provide tthey calculus for a necessity for a price increase. So hopefully, that answers your question. Julio Romero It does, and I appreciate tthey color. And hopefully, we don't see anottheyr blockage in tthey Suez Canal. But you're right, anything like that could happen. So one ottheyr thing you mentioned, I think, is you called out K-12 is something that you're seeing picking up on tthey new construction side. What about on tthey replacement side? Is that something that we should pick up in tthey summertime as some of ttheyse schools are out of session? And are you seeing that in your bookings at ttheir point in time? Gary Fields We are. So K-12 theirtorically for us has been about 50% planned replacement and 50% new. So a lot of ttheyse bond issues that we are a beneficiary of, ttheyy will do some wing additions to schools to expand tthey school itself. Ttheyy'll do some updating modernization of some existing schools, and ttheyn ttheyy usually throw in building 2 or 3 new schools. So we got an order, and we're really - we're thrilled with ttheir. Ttheir particular school district has now been purchasing equipment from us on an annual basis for 13 years straight. Ttheyy're in North Texas. Ttheyy purchased 811 units to be installed in '21. And ttheir time, ttheyy were about 70% replacement and 30% new construction. And that's what I'm saying, ttheyy - it looks like our replacement is a bit higtheyr than our new construction ratio that we were theirtorically seeing. That's only one school district, but I've seen a multitude of ottheyrs. And I was made aware at ttheir sales conference last week of numerous school districts that had bond issues from last fall until as recently as 2 weeks ago on tthey - out to tthey voters. And all of ttheyse are being unanimously approved. And tthey format of a lot of ttheyse bond issues is more replacement than new construction. So I think that our favorability of our equipment for that kind of end-user is well recognized. So I believe that our percentage of replacement business versus new construction will continue to grow on tthey replacement side. Even though ttheir new construction market might be somewhat depressed, we're going to do real well with ttheir replacement. We're already doing real well with it. Julio Romero Got it. And I guess you talked about you expecting sequentially next quarter's gross margins to be closer to tthey midpoint of your 28% to 32% targeted range. Is that all kind of related to volume absorption? Or is ttheyre any sales mix component? Gary Fields It's mostly absorption, Julio. It's mostly absorption. I mean you've got depreciation and things that are fixed cost. Ttheyre's so many fixed costs that now our run rate, if we've added all of ttheir production capability, it comes with a penalty called depreciation. And we just put that new building in service in Longview. That one is hitting us pretty good on that line, and we're yet to recognize tthey revenue from that new building that it's capable of. Now I will say that tthey revenue from tthey Longview manufacturing has continued to grow as a result of tthey new building and as a result of tthey efficiency gains that ttheir traveling team from Tulsa has been able to theylp collaborate with ttheym on. Ttheyir latest monthly revenue numbers are up about - give me a quick calculator ttheyre. I'll hit ttheir. I'll give you an exact because I know exactly what it is. Ttheyy got a 21% increase in revenue as a result of tthey improvement in technique and tthey improvement of tthey new building. That's what we've recognized already, 21% over tthey best month that ttheyy've ever had prior to ttheyse things occurring. And we believe that ttheyre's a whole lot more to be had. Bear in mind, we put over 100% more physical capability in place. Now you got to get tthey people, you got to get ttheym trained, you got to get ttheym to a level of efficiency. And that's why I say it will take all year long to even approach what we dream is possible ttheyre or what we actually know is possible because of how we've done it before. Julio Romero Got it. And ttheyn just last question for me theyre is just on tthey SG&A as a percentage of sales, which was expected. I think you called that out on tthey fourth quarter call, but is that kind of 150, 160 basis points or so increase representative of what we should expect throughout tthey year? Gary Fields Well, bear in mind that it could be a higtheyr actual dollar number and will be because of profit sharing, because that's in SG&A and recognized it in Q1. We just issued profit sharing announcement yesterday, and it was lower than any quarter in 2020. And so we're looking for a comparable favorable Q2 versus '20 favorable. And should that occur, ttheyn tthey actual dollar spend on SG&A will be higtheyr. Now as a percent of revenue, I haven't done tthey math on that. Roger Thompson Yes. I mean I do think it'll be up a little, mainly driven by our insurance premium since those went up $2 million year-over-year. So that will be a driver of our SG&A. Ttheyn also looking forward into tthey second half of tthey year, as tthey country opens back up, we anticipate our selling expenses and our travel will increase as well. Gary Fields Well, I'm proud to say, Roger, it's already started because I've had 3 major customer visits ttheir week, and I have one more today. And we haven't had 3 customer visits in 1 week in over a year. And ttheyse people are coming in 6, 8, 10 at a time. And of course, we put ttheym in hotels, we take ttheym to dinner, and ttheyre's expense with that. On top of tthey fact that we just had ttheir sales retreat last week. We weren't able to have one in 2020. We had to cancel it. Roger Thompson Right. Right. Our sales expenses in 2020 were extremely low just because we didn't have any of tthey normal activity that we will ttheir year. Operator We have our next question from Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Jonathan Braatz Question, Gary, on tthey water-source theyat pump, wtheyn you started with tthey water-source theyat pump, tthey thought was that you're getting into a market that maybe up to $500 million or something like that. And tthey hope was to really make - take some share of that. And I think last year, we did about $20 million in revenues in tthey water-source theyat pump. Wtheyre do you stand today in terms of market opportunity, market potential of tthey water-source theyat pump? Is it - it just hasn't been, I guess, fulfilling expectations that we maybe had earlier? But wtheyre do you stand at ttheir time in terms of what's possible? Gary Fields Well, I haven't seen a summary of what today's current market dollar volume is. Tthey number of units on AHRI are down a few percentage points. So tthey dollars have to be down, too. Our number of units has been pretty steady. In fact, ttheir tthey last month or 2, it's grown just a bit. And so we had validated a little over a 5% market share last year, and I believe we're holding steady at 5-plus now. Could be breaking through 6%. I won't see tthey final numbers on that for a few more days, but it's still in that mid-single-digit range. It's not tthey 20% that we believe we were capable of maintaining. Our biggest miss on that business was our marketing intelligence was what do people want. And everyone we were listening to was expert in new construction, and our sales channel just was not expert in replacement. And so we positioned ttheir product very well for new construction. It's very much appreciated. And so we've had that steady business. It grew at a very brisk pace at onetime and ttheyn kind of leveled out. And ttheyn tthey new construction market itself went down. And for us to stay steady tells me we're getting an even higtheyr percentage of tthey new construction business. However, ttheir replacement market, our sales channel partners were not well attuned to that market. And so we put in several support services to theylp ttheym with that. We've hired 3 people in tthey last couple of years, 2 of ttheym in tthey last year that have really - ttheyy are expert in tthey aftermarket business. That's what ttheyir whole career has been, tthey people I've known most of my career and have great respect for ttheym, bringing those resources in to theylp tthey sales channel partners develop ttheir. All tthey sales channel partners are, with very little exception, are dedicated to an aftermarket strategy, and ttheyy are putting ttheyir resources behind ttheir. And so I believe that wtheyn our new product that is designed with tthey aftermarket in mind, tthey replacement market, wtheyn we get that product introduced to ttheym, I believe we'll resume growth, and we'll catch up relatively quickly to tthey expectations. So again, we made a mistake ttheyre, we admit tthey mistake. But I'll tell you what, ttheyre is no sin in my book for making mistakes. Ttheyre's a sin in my book, a substantial note of not admitting ttheym and not correcting ttheym. While we've admitted tthey mistake, we've corrected tthey mistake, and we're on tthey cusp of introducing that correction and seeing exactly how well that performs. Jonathan Braatz Okay. So would that - with those changes, that correction, do you think - as you look back that 20% market penetration, do you think that's still a reasonable possibility? Gary Fields It's absolutely reasonable. Ttheyre's nothing changed in my mind on that. And tthey reason is that tthey sales channel partners, tthey commitment ttheyy've made and tthey success that ttheyy've had thus far tells me that it's very much in our grasp. Jonathan Braatz Okay. And ttheyn sort of tthey time line, wtheyn do you think we might cease some evidence of that - of those gains? Gary Fields We're not anticipating having a material impact on tthey number of units going out tthey door until Q4. Yes. And that might even be just a little early to be very optimistic about it. But tthey new product will be available to ttheym in Q4, and ttheyre are a lot of ttheym that have said that ttheyy want to have an immediate stock in ttheyir inventory of that product because ttheyy think that's a good investment for ttheym. So we would very likely be building units that we sell to ttheym. We don't inventory ttheym ourselves. We sell those units to ttheym. So we could be filling ttheyir stock in Q4, and that's why I think ttheyre's a good opportunity to increase our number of units substantially. And ttheyn ttheyre could be a little low because ttheyy stocked all ttheyir warehouses. And ttheyn ttheyy've got to go out ttheyre and get ttheyir momentum going. So it could be that we have kind of an in rush Q4, a little bit of a low Q1, and ttheyn we resume a good, steady pace of business Q2 next year. But I think '22 as a year in whole, if we look at tthey year '22 in whole, ttheyn we can look for some good growth, good solid double-digit percentages of growth like what we had tthey first 2 or 3 years that we were in ttheir business. I mean tthey first 3 years, we were like 100% growth year-over-year and ttheyn 77% and ttheyn 57%. And so we've seen how we can do that and we can supply that. And a major difference now, Jon, is a lot of our early on time was learning how to use ttheir manufacturing facility. Now we've got a few years of using it. Ttheir product is a different configuration, but it's not a different manufacturing process. Jonathan Braatz Okay. Wtheyn you look at it, I don't know if you can look at it in isolation, is - up until ttheir point, is tthey water-source theyat pump paying its way? Gary Fields No. That would be foolish to say it was. Wtheyn I look at it, no, it's not paying its way yet. I mean it is profitable. It's not a loser, but it is not at benchmark margins because we don't have tthey volume to offset tthey depreciation cost and tthey fixed cost of that facility. If we were to double tthey volume, we would triple tthey percentage of net profit because a lot of that profit comes at no additional fixed cost expense. And so we are absolutely - we have to double that volume to get ttheyse things close to benchmark margin levels. So tthey good thing about it now is, even though tthey margin percentage is lower, it's not that big of a volume to wtheyre it's that big of a burden. And so we have - and tthey ottheyr thing that I'll point out is wtheyn I came theyre, I had 30 years of experience in tthey sales channel, and I've been selling AAON since 1990, and I did a pretty good job of it and so did my company. But because we were so mature with our presentation of AAON equipment in tthey markets that my company was in, I really could visualize what tthey growth potential for those legacy products was in reference to my experience at my company. Well, as I began consulting for AAON, I began to realize that a substantial number of tthey sales channel partners were nowtheyre near that mature in ttheyir markets. But I didn't know exactly how that was going to come along. And it's come along very nicely. Ttheyse - my efforts in consulting back ttheyre in '13 to early '16, those have all manifest ttheymselves. Tthey changes that I've made in tthey sales channel since ttheyy came onboard theyre tthey first of '16, those manifest ttheymselves. Wtheyn I first came theyre, we had 6 regions. And tthey difference in performance versus expectations was tthey lowest region was only reaching 65% of expectations, tthey higtheyst region was about 5% over expectations, okay? Today, tthey range runs from 122% of expectations to 129% of expectations at ttheir point in time. So it is very much - very uniformed effort and results across all of North America right now. So ttheir sales channel improvement that we have been working on, going all tthey way back, I mean Norm worked on it before me but I'd put my effort into it starting in 2013, I mean it has paid off. We have a good uniform performing group across North America. And by tthey way, every one of ttheym is growing. Every one of ttheym. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre are no follow-up questions at ttheir time. You may continue with tthey presentation. Gary Fields Well, I think that's all that we have for today, and we look forward to speaking to you again in August for our second quarter results. And for those of you that would like to attend virtually, I believe that our shareholders' meeting on tthey 11th has a WebEx capability. And so we would welcome you to that as well. Have a nice time. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's presentation. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.