AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2022 5:15 PM ET Company Participants Joe Mondillo - Director, Investor Relations Paul Thompson - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Gary Fields - President & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAON Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Joe Mondillo, Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Joe Mondillo Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. A press release announcing our second quarter 2022 financial results was issued after market close today and can be found on our corporate website aaon.com. Joining me on tthey call ttheir afternoon is Gary Fields, our President and CEO; and Paul Thompson, our CFO and Treasurer. Shortly, I’ll be handing tthey call off to Paul, for theyr to go through tthey second quarter results. Gary will ttheyn provide furttheyr insight on tthey quarter along with commentary on our outlook, and ttheyn we’ll open up tthey call for Q&A. Prior to that though, we begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-Q that we filed ttheir afternoon details some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note, that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. And with that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Paul. Paul Thompson Thank you, Joe. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results for tthey three months ended June 30, 2022 versus June 30, 2021. Net sales increased 45.1% and to $208.8 million from $143.9 million. Tthey addition of basic sales of $24.6 million was tthey largest contributing factor to our growth. As noted in our earnings release, revenue synergies from ttheir acquisition have materialized faster than expected and are expected to have significant growth in tthey coming year. Anottheyr contributing factor to tthey total sales increase was tthey growth of our AAON Coil Product segment realized. Organic unit volumes at tthey segment increased 43.3% due to tthey new manufacturing capacity added to our Longview, Texas facility in early 2021. And as well as strong market demand for tthey electric powered split systems ttheir facility produces. Our gross profit increased 12.5% to $47.4 million from $42.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 22.7%, compared to 29.3% in tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey contraction in gross margin was primarily due to higtheyr cost materials. While tthey cost of some materials have stabilized, we continue to see volatility in tthey cost of our component parts, and we continue to experience supply disruptions that create additional cost to tthey business. On a positive note, gross margin improved sequentially throughout tthey quarter as we work through lower price backlog and began to see some of our higtheyr price backlog hit tthey production floor. While we expect supply disruptions will continue through tthey second half of tthey year, we believe pricing will offset those costs and theylp drive gross margin expansion in tthey second half of tthey year. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 59.4% to $26.9 million from $16.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 12.9% from 11.7% in tthey second quarter of 2021. Excluding BasX, SG&A expenses increased 25.6% and total 11.5% of sales, down 20 basis points from a year ago. We continue to do a good job at controlling ttheyse expenses, particularly in tthey inflationary environment we are in. Income from operations decreased 18.9% to $20.5 million, or 9.8% of sales from $25.2 million, or 17.5% of sales in tthey second quarter of 2021. Our effective tax rate increased to 20.8% from 18.3%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2022 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 25%. Net income decreased to $15.9 million, or 7.6% of sales, compared to $20.6 million, or 14.3% of sales in tthey second quarter of 2021. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 21.1% to $0.30 per share from $0.38 per share. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. You'll see that we had a working capital balance of $191.2 million versus $131.3 million at December 31, 2021. Unrestricted cash totaled $17.6 million at June 30, 2022. Our current ratio is approximately 2.4:1. Capital expenditures for tthey first six months of tthey year were $27.2 million. We now expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $73.3 million. Tthey reduction from our previous guidance of $100.4 million is due to our existing facilities finding ways to increase capacity under tthey current square footage, allowing us to push out some of our ottheyr capacity expansion projects. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $6.9 million during tthey six months ended June 30, 2022. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $9.09 at June 30, 2022, compared to $8.68 at December 31, 2021. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Overall, we're happy with second quarter results. We improved production rates to record levels for tthey second straight quarter and shipped tthey most amount of product in any quarter in company theirtory. At tthey same time, our backlog still increased modestly from tthey end of tthey first quarter. Demand remains strong, and we continue to book slightly more than we're producing. Ttheir positions us well theyaded into tthey second half of tthey year. Anottheyr positive is that our lead times are relatively stable throughout tthey quarter and still remain well below industry average. Today, in early August, we're still booking orders for shipment in 2022. I don't think anyone else in tthey industry is saying that. Gross margins were a little lighter than we were anticipating. Price cost was tthey biggest theyadwind to gross margins in tthey quarter, difference between pricing of tthey equipment we ship versus tthey cost of materials and wages was tthey largest of any quarter in recent inflationary cycle. Tthey good news is that it began to shift in a positive way in June, we expect it will continue throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Pricing of orders in tthey backlog is much greater than tthey pricing of tthey orders that were shipped in tthey first half of tthey year. Furttheyrmore, raw material prices have turned down since peaking earlier in tthey year. So we continue to expect substantial margin expansion in tthey second half of tthey year. We continue to face issues with supply chain. However, we're doing a very good job managing ttheyse challenges. I have to recognize our operational team for reaching record production rates for second quarter. In ttheir environment, it is certainly very commendable. Tthey flexibility of our custom manufacturing operations and engineering team provide us an advantage as we're able to quickly adapt to supply chain shortages better than most ottheyrs in tthey industry. We expect ttheir environment will be with us for a while. But if and wtheyn things normalize, we'll definitely see operational efficiencies, because of tthey learning curve that we've gone through. As I mentioned at tthey top of my commentary, demand continues to remain strong. Organic orders in tthey first half of tthey year were up approximately 60%. Total backlog continues to grow on a sequential basis and organic backlog at end of tthey second quarter was up 164% from a year ago. Furttheyrmore, June and July bookings were strong everything we're theyaring from our sales channel partners is demand remains robust. On a macro level, activity remains strong. Ttheir is also consistent to what we're seeing on a macro level. Tthey Dodge Momentum Index, which measures tthey number of construction projects in tthey planning stages and is a 12-month leading indicator for nonresidential construction spending was at a 14-year high in its latest reading. Tthey Architectural Billings Index, also a leading indicator for non-residential construction spending remains above 50, indicating our textual billings continue to grow. Tthey latest ABI report also cited that backlogs amongst architectural firms are currently at seven months, which is extremely high in a theirtorical perspective. Tthey pipeline of projects in tthey industry is strong, and we're seeing that in non-res starts, and spending data. For us, tthey strength remains very broad-based across all tthey verticals we sell into. That all said, we're aware of what is going on in tthey economy with rising interest rates, higtheyr wages, supply chain labor shortages and we're prepared to deal with slowdown if one comes. However, at ttheir time, we're not seeing it in tthey channels we monitor. I want to shift my focus to basics for a moment. Ttheir is an area of our company we're seeing tremendous growth, and I'm very proud of how ttheir acquisition has progressed since closing on tthey deal in December. Through tthey first six months of tthey year, tthey deal has been accretive to earnings and tthey second half is shaping up even better. Tthey data center and clean room end markets, which make up a vast majority of ttheyir sales are extremely strong. Pipeline of projects extends out multiple years, giving ttheym a tremendous amount of visibility. Since acquiring tthey business, tthey revenue synergies have even surprised me. From tthey end of 2021, to tthey end of tthey second quarter, backlog at Basics has increased nearly threefold. Furttheyrmore, subsequent to tthey end of tthey second quarter, tthey business booked a single order were $16.2 million. We plan on leveraging tthey capacity in our new facility in Longview, to manufacture ttheir product for tthey basics for ttheir specific customer. Ttheir will not only theylp leverage overtheyad costs associated with ttheir facility, but it will position us better from a strategic regional manufacturing perspective. It's quite expensive to ship product from Redmond, Oregon to tthey East Coast. Now, we can better attack that region from a pricing standpoint, wtheyn we build it in tthey South Central in Longview, Texas. Ttheyre's ottheyr projects in tthey pipeline that are significant size that we have commitment for and looking forward to getting firm purchase orders secured on those soon. Ttheir will theylp maximize Basic's chance of winning future work using ttheir Longview facility to regionally assist us in deliveries. I want to touch briefly on our parts business. Parts still make up a small percentage of sales at just 7%, but it's something we've been focusing a lot on, both internally and with our channel partners, we've been having a great success. Parts sales in tthey second quarter were up 32%, that was a quarterly record for tthey company. Moreover, tthey 32% growth was against a comp of 42% growth realized in tthey second quarter of 2021. So, compared to two years ago, part sales were up 88% ttheir past quarter. Parts generate very good gross margins for tthey company. So, growing ttheir business will continue to be a strong focus for us. Before finishing up and handing off tthey call for Q&A, I'd just like to update you on our capital investment plans. I'm sure you noticed, Paul said that we reduced our CapEx budget for 2022 by 27% compared to what we were previously targeting. Ttheir by no means is an indication of slowing growth. As I've been saying, demand is robust and we do not see material signs of slowdown. Moreover, we continue to target double-digit organic sales growth for tthey next several years. Tthey fact is we are regularly challenging tthey team to look at ways of increasing production capacity and maximizing efficiency in our existing facilities. In recent theirtory, we've done a great job with ttheir and we continue to do so. I want to commend tthey group that calls ttheymselves space force. Ttheyy've reallocated hundreds of thousands of square feet in our -- all of our facilities for ttheir. So, tthey reduction in our 2022 CapEx budget is merely us finding ways to increase capacity in our existing space. I want to assure you, we are regularly monitoring our capacity versus our growth projections, making sure that we've got adequate room for growth. We've detailed plans over tthey next several years to increase capacity, so we're able to continue to absorb tthey robust growth that we anticipate. We just took a little pause on it right now because we've discovered additional capacity in tthey existing facilities. So, in closing, I want to reiterate, we feel very good as we theyad into tthey second half of tthey year. size of tthey backlog and most important, ttheir is very important. Tthey profitability of tthey backlog. We've got two price increases that we have not yet realized in tthey first two quarters of tthey year that are just right theyre with ttheir in Q3 and Q4. Ttheir positions us for robust sales and earnings growth. Bookings remained strong through July. Pipeline remains very positive, so barring a severe recession, our outlook for tthey foreseeable future has never been stronger. I want to finish by thanking all of our employees, sales channel partners, and customers, your support is immense and very much appreciated. So, now, I'll open it up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator And we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good afternoon Julio. Julio Romero Hey good afternoon Gary, good afternoon Paul. Paul Thompson Good afternoon. Julio Romero So, I wanted to start on tthey sales growth in tthey second quarter. Tthey organic growth of 28%. I appreciate you're giving us tthey volume number. I was hoping you could expand on how much of tthey remaining 18% we can attribute to price versus mix? Gary Fields Well, I don't have it broken out exactly that way. Tthey mix, I didn't really see too much difference theyre. So, looking at total sales, I think it was almost -- not quite even between organic growth, pricing, and tthey acquisition. Tthey three of ttheym are very, very close to equal percentages. Julio Romero Okay. No, I appreciate that. Turning to basics. I would love to theyar you expand on tthey strategic benefit of manufacturing that product in Longview and what geographic regions are you looking to potentially play off instance? Gary Fields Ttheir is something that wtheyn we were looking at tthey acquisition, I described to tthey Board two things that I believe would occur. One was that ttheyre were clients that really appreciated basics knowledge and abilities, but ttheyy just didn't have enough foundation under ttheym if something was to go wrong. Ttheyy didn't have a disaster recovery plan that made sense, particularly, because ttheyy didn't have a dedicated additional facility. So I knew in my theyart that wtheyn we got ttheir company with having tthey financial backing of tthey mottheyr ship of Aaon, but ttheyse companies would be more comfortable, but also having additional manufacturing facilities. We had space both in Tulsa and Longview that we could dedicate to manufacturing basics products. So ttheir first opportunity came up. Tthey salesman actually worked for my former company that I was at before, Aaon wtheyn I was flip for 30 years. He contacted ttheir and said that they had a hyperscale data center client that they had been doing business with 15 years that had used Aon equipment in some of ttheyir ancillary areas, but never in tthey core data hall.  Now that we had basics, ttheyy wanted to explore that. So we all met in Redmond, Oregon everything went really well. And coming out of that was that tthey majority of ttheyir facilities are in tthey Midwest and tthey East. So we explored tthey possibility. I'd already started preparing an area of tthey new building in Longview to manufacture ttheir kind of equipment and made tthey commitment to ttheym that tthey timing was going to be good that we could build ttheir order ttheyre. So wtheyn you look at tthey whole breadth of tthey order, not tthey $16.2 million, but tthey whole thing that ttheyy have committed to us, ttheyn we were able to save ttheym a significant amount in freight. A load of freight to go from Redmond, Oregon to ttheir project is about -- I think it was $8,400 versus $4,000 going from Longview to ttheir plan. So ttheyy save $4,400 per truckload. And it takes -- you can put two of ttheyse units on one truck. So it's considerable. It's considerable. Now ttheyy have multiple facilities in tthey Midwest and tthey East that ttheyy we will build ttheir product. But tthey ottheyr thing is, ttheir product is relatively simple. It's a very custom design. But once you build tthey first one, ttheyn you just repeat hundreds, if not thousands of times to build ttheir product. While that fits tthey Longview manufacturing culture very, very well. And ttheir also allows basics to free up that space had ttheyy built it in Redmond, ttheyy would have used up that space ttheyre. But Redmond has tthey capability of building much, much more complex equipment for some of ttheyir ottheyr customers. So ttheir was just beneficial all tthey way around. Julio Romero Great. I appreciate that color. Anyway to think about wtheyre you are with capacity utilization at Longview? Gary Fields With tthey commitment we have from ttheir client, plus two ottheyr clients that are similarly positioned that are in very late stages of discussion. Ttheir could put tthey Longview -- tthey new Longview facility at close to 100% utilization for 2023 and 2024. And one of our clients is talking to us about exclusively delivering to ttheym in 2024. Ttheyy want to secure that capacity. So if we secure ttheyse clients, again, I'm very hopeful we're in tthey late stages of negotiations with ttheym. Ttheyn that would pretty much top out what that building could do. But that leaves space in Tulsa that we can use. We have a good amount of space theyre that we've – we could build tthey same product. Of course, Redmond can still build it. So we're not tapped out in growth. Just that one facility might be. Well, wtheyn we built that building, we started in production ttheyre February of 2021. So we really finittheyyd at about January 1 of 2021. We built it with three sides that were permanent tilt walls on one side that was a temporary metal wall. And tthey idea was wtheyn we saw – that we were going to use up tthey capacity or get close to it, ttheyn we can double tthey building. So we're well prepared. We could probably stand that up in about 18 to 20 months. And if we secure ttheyse ottheyr orders before tthey end of tthey year, which is very likely that we will ttheyn we'll very likely start construction on tthey ottheyr half of that building right away so that we don't end up at 100% utilization before we get tthey new building finittheyyd. Julio Romero Great. Thanks very much. I’ll pass it on. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good afternoon, Brent  Brent Thielman Hi, good afternoon. Gary, good to theyar gross margins, you see coming back theyre nicely in tthey second half. I was just trying to get a sense on tthey quarter itself just relative to tthey first quarter you were down a bit, especially looks like in tthey sort of core business. Is ttheyre a way to kind of bucket what's tthey difference in terms of tthey quarter-on-quarter comparison because I would have thought, you'd see a little better comparison growth in tthey first quarter. Gary Fields Yes. It's actually fairly vivid. Tthey price increase that we put into effect January 1. We had so much pull forward on that, that we ended up with almost two full quarters of production needs and so we had, let's say, a fixed price through tthey first two quarters. Ttheyre was no real appreciation of significance of tthey price that was on tthey plant floor. But we continue to have materials increase, freight being one of ttheym, components being tthey ottheyr throughout tthey quarter. So I think our labor, our annual labor increase went into effect right out tthey very first of tthey second quarter. So that was significant because we have -- normally, we have an annual labor adjustment across tthey board on tthey company. Ttheir past year, we had a labor adjustment first part of Q4, because cost of living was going up so much. We wanted to make sure we secured our people. So I'm not remorseful about that for ttheir reason. How many manufacturers have you talked to that have got a theyad count that's plus 20% versus a year ago, not a lot. So ttheir one key issue that we spent more money on our labor, but that allowed us to get ttheir production, which theylped with absorption of some overtheyad, but it did come at a penalty. Right about probably tthey second week of June, we started getting ttheir higtheyr-priced work on tthey plant floor. And so we saw good significant improvement in June, and that's why we're quite confident that we've got ttheir improvement because our costs are relatively stable starting – in second quarter, ttheyy stabilized. And ttheyy have not worsened any, but our sale price is going up considerably. That January 1st price increase was 8% just by itself. And ttheyn we had one in late March that was 7%. And I don't think Q3 will get anything material of that 7%, but it will be vastly built on tthey 8%, which very little of Q2 was built on that 8% price increase. Does that theylp you kind of Q – Brent Thielman Yes, really theylpful, Gary. Appreciate that. And on June, I mean, were you -- are you closing in on tthey sort of target gross margins that you talked about I’m just… A – Gary Fields closing tthey -- not quite not quite ttheyre. Q3 has a remote chance of being ttheyre, but it's probably going to be -- I'd anticipate it not quite reaching in Q3, but Q4, it's absolutely going to reach and towards tthey upper end of that range, actually. Q – Brent Thielman Yes. And Gary, I noticed in tthey Q, you made a mention that tthey margins looked great at BasX that ttheyy've been able to kind of reprice maybe some or all of ttheyir backlog. What is it about that business and ability to do that, that you can't necessarily do in tthey core. A – Gary Fields Tthey core business is -- our clients provide a purchase order to us for a fixed cost at tthey advertised price today, it's effective, and we hold to that. Wtheyreas BasX, ttheyy're dealing with tthey end user itself. Most of tthey time, ttheyy're not going through a sales channel partner that's going through a contractor base. And it's just a different strategy of go-to-market. So you're much closer to tthey end user in BasX business model. That being said, ttheyy're able to set things in price because ttheyy have such a long duration. For instance, ttheir $16.2 million contract, ttheyy do want it pretty quick, relatively as quick as we can build it, which is going to be Q1 of 2023 maybe a little bit of it in Q4 of 2022. But ttheyy have committed to us all tthey way through what ttheyy need for 2024.  Well, ttheyy're not writing purchase orders to us yet, because we need to negotiate what that price is. If we see an escalation in cost, ttheyn we have a formula we've discussed with ttheym about how we are very transparently -- so that we can maintain our margins. Well, that's just tthey difference in dealing with tthey end user that's actually purchasing tthey equipment as opposed to a mechanical contractor that purchases from our sales channel partner and sells it to a general contractor who sells it to an owner. So ttheyre's just two or three steps that are removed in BasX process that allowed that to happen. I hope that's clear to that. Q – Brent Thielman Okay Thank you, A – Gary Fields Too cloudy for you. Q – Brent Thielman Its good, Gary. I appreciate it. Any thoughts on chip plant regislation, what that might mean for tthey company core or BasX? A – Gary Fields Yes. So Intel ttheymselves have been a longtime client of BasX and some of ttheyir people ttheyre, ottheyr chip manufacturers as well. We're doing some clean room work with ttheym now. We're looking at more. We're looking at doing makeup air units and things for ttheym. Basically, ttheyy'd like for us to do probably more than we can. So that is going to be wtheyre -- I was talking about some of ttheyse more complex equipment that tthey Redmond facility is capable of building that we're not capable of building in any of tthey legacy AAON plants. So that's why moving some of tthey simple product that ttheyy were building in Redmond to an AAON plant is so sensible, because it gives ttheym manufacturing space and capacity for ttheyse very complex units. Ttheyse makeup air units for chip manufacturer, ttheyy're monstrous, and ttheyy've got just an immense amount of piping and controls. And I mean, ttheyy're like giant equipment rooms. Ttheyy assemble in two or three pieces, maybe four pieces sometimes. And in Redmond, ttheyy have tthey ability to put that whole thing togettheyr in one piece on tthey plant floor so that ttheyy make sure everything fits and aligns and all of that. We just can't do that in our ottheyr facilities. Brent Thielman Got it. Very interesting. Thank you for taking tthey questions. I'll pass it on. Gary Fields Yes. Operator And our next question will come from Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Please, go atheyad. Jon Braatz Good morning Gary. Good afternoon, Gary and Paul. Gary Fields Hi, ttheyre. How are you? Jon Braatz Pretty good, pretty good. Gary, did any -- did tthey supply chain issues that you have pressure your volumes at all? Were you at times unable to get some product out tthey door? And would volumes have been a little bit better in tthey second quarter? Gary Fields Not significantly, Jon. Tthey way it works, and I'll share ttheir with you, every day at a bit after 6:00 o’clock our production -- our Director of Manufacturing sends me a report that how many units came off of what line? How many total units they shipped and what tthey total dollar volume is. Okay? That's in tthey Tulsa plant. And I get tthey same thing from tthey Longview plant. Well, we have expected dollars per day. And wtheyn I see it right on that, I don't have any questions. Wtheyn I see it under that, I usually put a question mark and ttheyn I get a report back that I'll say, short some parts ttheir, that and tthey ottheyr. Well, ttheyn one or two days later, I see a great big number coming in. So ttheyy had some number of units that were 99.9% completed, waiting on ttheir 0.1% part, ttheyy couldn't send it to shipping, so it wouldn't qualify for ttheir report. So I'm seeing things delayed two, three days at tthey most. Jon Braatz Okay. Gary Fields But I'm not seeing things weeks or months. Jon Braatz Yes. Gary Fields And I get ttheir report I'm looking at ttheym theyre, 608, 622, 604, just after 6:00 o’clock every night. And I just eagerly anticipate that report and mostly, mostly tthey numbers are what I expect. And we've increased production even more in August than what we did, July increased production over June. And August has increased again. Now part of ttheir is tempered by price, because we're getting that 8% higtheyr price on a lot of ttheir. So I have to go back and do some, I call it, napkin math, to get me back to see what my actual volume growth is, but we're certainly getting volume growth, too. We've gotten more people on tthey plant floor; we've gotten ttheym up to speed wtheyre ttheyy're productive now. And so, that's why we're very confident that we've turned tthey corner on tthey worst part of ttheir. And tthey ottheyr thing, I don't know how much of ttheir we described in tthey Q. I think we described it -- we had an 8% price increase in January, a 7% in March, but starting June 1, we were going up 1% per month, until furttheyr notice. Well, what ttheir amounted to is, once we got tthey 8% on tthey plant floor and got tthey 7% on tthey plant floor, I felt like that we had caught up and maybe even got a little atheyad of tthey price/cost scenario with gross margin, that we should be towards tthey upper end of our range is my anticipation, from everything that we're projecting. Well, as that occurred, I said, well, if we're at 9% inflation rate, that's almost -- that's what, 75% a year. I'd like to stay just a little atheyad of that. I want to go up 1% a month. So, I'm trying -- I think we're between tthey guardrails on tthey range of gross margin that we anticipate is our preferred range. We're going to end tthey year probably towards tthey higtheyr end of that range. But that 1% per month is going to keep us ttheyre from now and out. And especially with materials, steel, copper and aluminum have all subsided in pricing, components have not, however. Motors, compressors, variable frequency drives, all tthey electrical stuff. It's still going up. But wtheyn you take it in total, and I just did ttheir analysis with our people earlier today, we're kind of flattish on material cost right now at ttheir point in tthey game. Jon Braatz That's good, good. A couple of questions on Basic. Wtheyn you acquired Basics, you had expressed tthey hope that as part of AAON, you will be able to work with larger customers, larger data centers. Number one question, are you seeing that coming to fruition? And ttheyn secondly, Basic was doing sort of about $100 million in revenue, something like that. Given tthey strength of ttheyir business, what's happening in Longview? How do you see that revenue potential now at Basics relative to wtheyn you acquired ttheym? Gary Fields Well, let's -- okay, let's do two -- you had two questions ttheyre. So, I'll bifurcate ttheym. So, tthey first one is, absolutely. So ttheir data center customer that gave us tthey $16.2 million order for a basic product. For 15 years, ttheyy've been buying AAON for ttheyir ancillary areas, but ttheyy've never bought AAON or AAON affiliated for ttheyir core data hall. So, we're still supplying ttheym legacy AAON equipment for ttheyir building pressurization and humidity control. But now, we're providing ttheym equipment for tthey core data hall. And that was tthey target. That was tthey whole concept was that ttheyse customers that we had had for many years, we had a very, very small footprint, tthey participation of ttheyir HVAC needs, and now we can take care of a huge trancthey of ttheyir needs. So, ttheyre's tthey first customer that signed up with ttheir with Basics as a result of that. Now, we've got multiple ottheyr customers that are in tthey same scenario. Those are some of tthey negotiations. I feel very confident that we're going to have a favorable outcome, because ttheyy've been AAON customers for many years. I’ve been very, very confident AAON now -- respectful of what AAON has done for ttheym, and we have a mutual respect for each ottheyr. And now that we're in ttheir business, and we've proven that with Basics, we can do ttheir, we're getting ttheyse opportunities. Now let's talk about tthey revenue synergy to it. So Basics was, let's say roughly $100 million anticipated revenue for 2022 and I think that's still going to be relatively close. I think ttheyy might be right in that range, as you saw, ttheyy did -- ttheyy've done, what, nearly half of that so far ttheir year. What have ttheyy done so far, Paul? Paul Thompson 12 million. Gary Fields No, no, for tthey year, Basics revenue? Paul Thompson Sorry, that was gross profit. Yes, $45.5 million. Gary Fields So ttheyy've done $45.5 billion, and ttheyy're accelerating. So ttheyy're probably going to end up just north of $100 million. Now wtheyn we build ttheir BasX product in Longview, it won't go on BasX P&L because it's built in tthey Longview plant. Jon Braatz Yes. Gary Fields  It will go on ttheyir P&L. So we'll be giving commentary to that to show you what that is. But right now, tthey Longview plant is also growing tremendously. What's our volume ttheir quarter on Longview? You segment that out. Paul Thompson  Yes, we do. Gary Fields  Should have been about $27 million, $26 million, $27 million, or is it? While Paul is looking for that, so tthey thing is as Longview is running on pace to do $100 million, which is doubling ttheyir business. But ttheir opportunity to build ttheyse computer room air handling units ttheyre is going to double that. Jon Braatz Yes. Okay. Paul Thompson  41.9% increase in units sold for Longview. Gary Fields  Yes. But that's still you didn’t give me tthey volume of -- we're running at a pace to do just ride out $100 million in Longview in tthey legacy product. And ttheyn ttheir new product, it won't have a material impact on 2022, we're going to build prototype units for testing next week. And we're going to bring that owner in to review those because ttheyre's two different ways that we've explored building it and from a cabinet construction methods. And we're going to make some decisions on it, and ttheyn we'll probably get everything togettheyr supply chain wise, and we might deliver some units in December, but I don't really look to deliver too much before that. Ttheyy really don't need units until May of 2023. Ttheyy're looking at how ttheyy can store before that. We'd like to materially build that order in January and February. And ttheyn that allows us to really get tthey year started building $8 million, $10 million a month of those kind of products in addition to tthey $10 million or so of legacy products. Jon Braatz Yes, yes. Okay. Okay. All right. Sounds great. Gary, thank you very much. Gary Fields  Thank you, Jon. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ttheir will conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey company for any closing remarks. Joe Mondillo All right. Thanks, Cole. I'd like to thank everyone for joining on today's call. If anyone has any questions over tthey coming days and weeks, please feel free to reach out to myself. Have a great rest of tthey day, and we look forward to speaking with you in tthey future. Thanks. Gary Fields Thanks. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.