AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2023 5:15 PM ET Company Participants Joseph Mondillo - Director, Investor Relations Matt Tobolski - President & Co-Founder, BasX Solutions Charles Thompson - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company David Ramirez - D.A. Davidson Chris Moore - CJS Securities Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAON Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Our host for today's call is Joseph Mondillo. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host. Joseph Mondillo, you may begin. Joseph Mondillo Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Tthey press release announcing our fourth quarter financial results was issued after market closed today and can be found on our website, aaon.com. Tthey call today is accompanied with a presentation that you can also find on our website, as well as on tthey listen-only webcast. Please turn to slide two. We begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call, any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-K that we filed ttheir afternoon detail some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. Joining me on today's call is Charles Thompson, CFO and Treasurer; and Matt Tobolski, President and Co-Founder of BasX. Unfortunately, Gary Fields, our President and CEO; is under tthey weattheyr today, which is affecting their vocals a bit, that's why we have Matt theyre today. He will be filling in for them. We wish -- we all wish Gary a speedy recovery. Matt will provide some opening remarks to start tthey call. Charles will ttheyn walk through tthey financials, and ttheyn we'll finish with Matt for some commentary on tthey quarter and outlook for 2023. With that, I will turn over tthey call to Matt. Matt Tobolski Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon. So, starting on slide number three. Overall, we are very pleased with our 2022 results and particularly with how we finittheyyd tthey year. We started tthey year faced with several challenges, which resulted in a slow start. However, we quickly assessed tthey issues, adapted and were able to overcome those issues by tthey second half of tthey year. We reported record results in tthey third quarter and followed that up with anottheyr record in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Despite tthey slow start to tthey year, we finittheyyd 2022 with record sales and earnings for tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter, sales were up organically 67.7%, and earnings were up over 500%. Organic volumes in tthey quarter were up 41% and a two-year stack, volumes are up 46%. Compared to our previous record EPS in tthey third quarter, EPS was up 39%. Gross profit margins were tthey higtheyst since 2020. At tthey same time, backlog has increased throughout tthey year, finishing 2022 at record levels. We've increased capacity and production output throughout tthey year and hope tthey orders continue to outpace production. Now, please turn to slide number four. Ttheir is a very interesting time for AAON. For decades, tthey company focused on a nicthey of tthey commercial HVAC market, centered around tthey design and manufacturing of premium quality, high-performing, high energy efficient equipment. Historically, two factors prevented ttheir nicthey offering from becoming mainstream, tthey first factor being price. A theirtorically has had equipment that carried at least a 15% to 20% price premium as compared to market pricing. Ttheir limited tthey size of our addressable market to specific applications and to our customers. Tthey second factor is value. Up until recently, a vast majority of end users were not focused on total cost of ownership and premium quality, higtheyr performing equipment. However, over tthey past two years, tthey market has begun to shift dramatically in AAON's favor with tthey pandemic creating more focus on indoor air quality, and at tthey same time, markets adopting an increased focus on energy efficiency due to higtheyr energy prices, decarbonization, electrification and government regulations, tthey demand for higtheyr performing, higtheyr energy-efficient equipment has accelerated. Meanwhile, tthey price premium of AAON equipment has narrowed significantly, as government regulations related to tthey minimum energy efficiency standards have forced most of our competition to reengineer ttheyir equipment, causing ttheym to use higtheyr quality, higtheyr priced components in ttheyir designs. AAON's full product portfolio has been in line with ttheyse new standards for years. Ttheir regulation did not affect us at all from a pricing perspective. As a result, tthey cost of manufacturing across our industry has gone up significantly more compared to our costs. Ttheir has resulted in substantially larger price increases of our competition compared to tthey price increases that we have initiated. Tthey end result, our higtheyr-quality product offering now sells at a much more competitive price, making tthey value proposition that much more attractive. On top of all that, we continue to maintain tthey lowest lead times in tthey industry with best on-time delivery rates. All in, ttheyse dynamics have paved tthey way for AAON to transition from a nicthey player to a mainstream player. I'll now hand tthey call over to Charles Thompson, to go over tthey financial results. Charles Thompson Thank you, Matt. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2022, versus December 31, 2021. Please turn to slide five. Net sales were up 86.8% to $254.6 million from $136.3 million. Tthey largest driving factor to tthey growth was organic volume, which contributed 41%. Volume growth reflected tthey company's strong backlog and tthey fourth straight quarter of record production. Improved productivity, along with approximate 36.2% increase in total theyadcount theylped drive tthey increased production. In addition to volume, pricing contributed 26.7% and inorganic growth contributed 19.1%. Similar to tthey legacy business, BasX performed extremely well in tthey quarter. BasX realized record sales and EBITDA of any quarter in its theirtory. Moving to slide six. Our gross profit increased 195.9% to $78.5 million from $26.5 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit margin was 30.8% compared to 19.5% in 2021. Gross profit margin benefited significantly from multiple price increases initiated throughout tthey year, reduced impacts from supply chain issues and production efficiency improvements across all of our manufacturing locations. Tthey year-over-year improvement in gross profit margin was also partially attributed to tthey abnormally low gross profit margin realized in tthey year ago quarter, a result of supply chain issues at tthey end of 2021, which constrained production and resulted in unabsorbed fixed costs. Please turn to slide seven. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 51.3% to $31.9 million from $21.1 million in 2021. Adjusted SG&A expenses increased year-over-year at 85.9%. As a percentage of sales, adjusted SG&A decreased to 12.5% of total sales compared to 12.6% in tthey same period in 2021. In dollars, SG&A increased primarily due to our volume growth that created higtheyr earnings, including higtheyr profit sharing expenses, commissions and bonuses. Please turn to slide eight. Adjusted income from operations grew 397.2% to $46.6 million from $9.4 million in tthey year ago quarter. As a percent of sales, adjusted operating margin expanded to 18.3% from 6.9%. Adjusted operating margin was tthey higtheyst of any quarter since 2020. That said, pre-pandemic, tthey company had achieved operating margins of over 20%. We foresee us fully returning to those levels and thus expect furttheyr improvement from what we achieved in tthey fourth quarter. Moving to slide nine, diluted earnings per share increased 545.5% to $0.71 per share from $0.11 per share. In tthey quarter, we benefited from a lower-than-normal tax rate due to decreases -- due to increases in our expected R&D tax credits and 179D deduction. Even without ttheir benefit in tthey fourth quarter, we still experienced growth wtheyn compared to our previous record earnings in tthey third quarter. Turning to slide 10, you'll see that our balance ttheyyet remains quite strong. Cash totaled $5.5 million at December 31st, 2022, and debt was $71 million. Within tthey quarter, we paid down approximately $5.3 million on our line of credit, lowering our leverage ratio to 0.46 from 0.65 at tthey end of tthey third quarter and returning us to a similar leverage ratio we were at one year ago. Tthey increase in debt from a year ago was primarily to finance investments in working capital. We had a working capital balance of $203.5 million at December 31st, 2022, versus $131.3 million at December 31st, 2021. Tthey investment working capital was made to theylp facilitate tthey robust volume growth, while also theylping mitigate supply chain issues. Capital expenditures for 2022 were $54 million, down 2.4% from a year ago. Capital investments were less than we expected at tthey beginning of tthey year, primarily due to a finding ways of increasing capacity within our current manufacturing square footage allowing us to push out certain projects. Supply chain issues and ottheyr economic factors also delayed projects. We have not slowed our growth-related investments at all, and we are still on track with our capacity expansion plans relative to our needs. We continue to be aggressive with our investment planning to theylp facilitate tthey robust organic growth we anticipate over tthey next several years. In 2023, we anticipate capital expenditures to be $135 million. With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Matt. Matt Tobolski Thanks Charles. I'll now turn to slide 11. As I said in my opening remarks, we are very pleased with how we finittheyyd tthey calendar year. Our operations continue to perform well in Q4 and I continue to command tthey team for ttheyir performance. All three of our locations are pushing more volume through ttheyir respective plants than we've ever seen before. Organic volume growth of 41% realized in tthey fourth quarter is pretty much untheyard of in its industry and tthey comp was not easy. Volume in tthey fourth quarter of tthey year ago period was up 4% from tthey fourth quarter in 2020. On a two-year stack, volume was up 46%. Ttheir performance is a result of several factors. First, tthey theyadcount was up 36.2% from a year ago and up 6% from tthey third quarter. We continue to do a great job with our onboarding new employees and efficiently integrating ttheym into our operations. Second, productivity continues to improve. Supply chain issues, while leaning a bit, still very much exist. Throughout tthey year, we learned to manage through supply chain constraints much better, leading to improved productivity. At tthey same time, we're ramping up theyadcount at an aggressive rate, which can result in inefficiencies, if not addable properly. Despite tthey challenges, our metrics on productivity tell us that our operations are continuing to become even more efficient. Tthey team is fully adapted to tthey environment and has mitigated most of tthey financial impact, particularly wtheyn it comes to supply chain issues. We should see productivity improve even more as supply chain issues abate. Lastly, in addition to theyadcount and productivity improvements, tthey volume growth was also a reflection of our premier sales channel and tthey backlog of our partners have been able to generate for us. I'd like to thank all of our channel partners as well as our internal sales support. Our sales channel has never been as strong as it is right now, and we're seeing through tthey shares like share gains that we've been realizing. Please turn to Slide 12. I want to discuss our pricing and gross margin. For a couple of quarters now, we have been saying tthey improving margin profile of tthey backlog had us on track to drive a recovery in gross profit margins. We realized some progress in tthey third quarter. And as we expected and indicated on our last call, we saw even more progress in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey 30.8% gross profit margin realized in tthey fourth quarter was up 380 basis points from third quarter and 810 basis points from tthey second quarter. On a year-over-year basis, gross profit margin improved 1,130 basis points. In tthey last five years, as size in tthey first quarter of 2020 wtheyn we realized gross profit margin of 31.2%, it was tthey strongest gross profit margin of any ottheyr quarter in theirtory. We are certainly happy to see that. Ttheir improvement is largely related to a realignment of price versus cost. Improved productivity is also a contributing factor. Historically, we have always managed our pricing through our cost structure while targeting a gross profit margin of about 30%. However, as I addressed at tthey top of tthey call, our industry has changed a lot over tthey last couple of years. Secular trends related to decarbonization, energy efficiency and new government regulations is causing tthey cost of manufacturing across tthey industry to increase much more drastically than it is for us, causing market pricing to increase more than our pricing. At tthey same time, our product offering is a much higtheyr quality and offers a better total value proposition, justifying a premium price. We will continue to monitor our pricing to cost, and we are also beginning to manage pricing to market. In tthey end, we will be able to continue to improve our gross profit margin while maintaining a price premium that is smaller than it was a few years ago. Moving to Slide 13. Overall, demand remained strong. Total backlog was up 110.6% from a year ago and up 6.5% from tthey end of third quarter. Tthey fact that backlog continues to increase sequentially and is tthey sign that demand remains strong, particularly because our production is also increasing. Organic bookings in tthey quarter were up year-over-year 45%. Sequentially, ttheyy were up 14%, which is mostly driven by volume. Even if you remove tthey price increases from orders and sales to look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, orders are still outpacing production. Demand is also very strong at BasX. Backlog of BasX was up 260.9% since tthey end of 2021. Tthey pipeline of projects among tthey data center in semiconductor manufacturing end markets have remained extensive, and tthey team ttheyre is doing a great job at winning orders. Likewise, tthey production team at BasX is doing an outstanding job in increasing capacity. Please turn to Slide 14. Demand continues to be a fairly broad-based -- demand continues to be fairly broad-based as far as our end markets. Lodging and office buildings remain soft, but outside of that, most sectors in which we participate are still quite strong. Data centers and semiconductor markets are very strong, as I mentioned already. K-12 education vertical is also solid. I think that actually strengttheyns in 2023 with tthey majority of tthey stimulus money in tthey CARES Act having still not been spent. Health care and manufacturing are also still very good. We continue to see robust demand in growth facility markets. And while new construction of warehouses seems to be slowing, tthey end market remains good for us due to retrofit work. Overall, demand is solid across tthey board. While we continue to monitor for tthey slowdown that everyone is anticipating, we still do not see it. Sentiment among our channel power group remains very positive and tthey macro data we track is still encouraging. Construction spending is back to pre-pandemic levels and construction starts are at tthey strongest level in years. Tthey ABI and tthey Dodge Momentum Index, which tracks tthey pipeline of non-residential projects early in tthey planning stages, have recently peaked, but it still imply tthey pipeline is still at theirtorically high levels. Turning now to slide 15. Our biggest challenge right now continues to be ramping up production fast enough. While we are happy to see backlog growing, you'd like to see it start to come down, led by improving lead-times. I think we'll start to see ttheir happen in 2023, but it won't be until tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey team is doing a great job with adding theyadcount, while improving productivity. That said, our orders continue to outpace production. We want to continue to provide our channel partners and customers with tthey best lead-times in tthey industry. To do ttheir, we're going to continue to invest in tthey business. We will continue to add theyadcount and invest in capacity for long-term growth. Our CapEx in 2023, as Charles mentioned, is estimated to be to be a $135 million, which would be a 150% increase from last year. We feel strongly that we have tthey best product offering for tthey best value, which is allowing us to accommodate tthey increasing demand caused by secular trends within to decarbonization, energy efficiency, higtheyr energy prices into our air quality and government regulations. We must continue to deliver at tthey very competitive lead-times growth, so we will continue to invest in capacity. Moving to slide 16. I want to touch briefly on our parts business. At 6% of total sales, parts still made up tthey small percentage in 2022. However, as we discussed in tthey past, ttheir is an area of tthey company that we have been focusing on a lot, both internally and with our sales channel partners. In tthey fourth quarter, part sales were up 23.1% and in 2022, ttheyy were up 30.3%. Compared to 2020, parts sales were up 64.6% in 2022. While parts became a smaller part of tthey company last year, it was due to tthey robust growth of equipment sales as well as tthey acquisition of BasX. Overall though, it was a record year for parts. It could not have been even better. In 2022, tthey Parts business arguably was tthey most effective part of tthey company on supply chain issues. While parts was not as affected on a profit margin basis, it was on a sales volume basis. Our parts business leverages tthey company's buying power of components and parts that go into tthey equipment we manufacture. Supply chain shortages limited ttheir buying power in 2022, which, in tthey end, adversely affected parts sales tthey most because deliverability of tthey equipment takes precedence over part sales. Thus, despite tthey success we had, it could have been even better. As our supply chain normalizes, however, our parts business will reaccelerate. We'd expect to see ttheir occur over tthey course of 2023. Longer term, with what we're doing to structurally build out ttheir part of tthey company, tthey fundamentals are very strong. Furttheyrmore, tthey parts business is somewhat like a razor, razor blade type of business. With all tthey new AAON equipment entering tthey field last year and ttheir year, parts will start to benefit from maintenance demand in just a couple of years. I'll remind you that Parts gross profit margin is significantly higtheyr than tthey company's average gross profit margin. We anticipate ttheir business will become a larger part of tthey company, both on a sales and profitability basis. As such, we are happy to see wtheyre ttheir business is positioned, and we expect it will continue to be a big priority within our growth strategy. Please turn to slide 17. Before finishing up and handing off tthey call for Q&A, I want to provide some information on our outlook for 2023. Based on tthey size of our backlog, tthey margin profile of tthey backlog, which continues to improve, increasing production capacity and productivity, and strong order trends, we anticipate anottheyr record year of sales and earnings. For your modeling purposes, theyre's some additional information that should theylp. Pricing will be a low double-digit contributor to sales growth. For gross profit margin, we will build off wtheyre we finittheyyd in tthey fourth quarter. It may not be a straight line, especially given some temporary expenses that we would see in tthey first quarter, but gross profit margins will continue to improve in 2023. For SG&A, you should be aware that we're making several investments that will theylp position tthey company better for long-term growth. Ttheir will limit tthey operating leverage you will normally see within SG&A. We think SG&A as a percent of sales will be slightly higtheyr than we realized in 2022. And finally, CapEx will be approximately $135 million. In closing, I want to finish by thanking all of our employees, sales channel partners and customers. I also want to announce that we'll be hosting an Investor Day on May 17 and 18 at our theyadquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma. You can find more details on ttheir event on our website. We will also be attending Sidoti & Company's small cap conference on March 22, and Wells Fargo's Industrial Conference on June 13. I hope to see some of you at ttheyse events. Thank you. And I will now open tthey call for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Julio Romero Thanks. Hey, good morning, Matt, Charles, Joe. Charles Thompson Good afternoon. Matt Tobolski Good afternoon. Julio Romero Maybe to start on tthey quarter, if you could just talk about what product lines drove tthey 41% volume growth you realized in tthey fourth quarter? Matt Tobolski Tthey overall growth in tthey fourth quarter was across tthey board. It was not isolated to one specific product or product line. We've seen consistent growth throughout all of our production facilities and across all of our production lines. Julio Romero Okay. Got it. And thinking about price, I love tthey slide deck and love tthey guide. Does tthey pricing guide of low double-digits for 2023 assume tthey monthly 1% price increase kind of continues through tthey entire year or all tthey way through December of 2023? Charles Thompson Well, I think someone was going to ask that question, Julio. So right now, tthey -- well, so we have been continuing tthey 1% a month price increases. We have not determined if yet if we're going to stop those price increases. Ttheir is something that we've been looking at on a continuous basis. As Matt spoke to in their presentation, a lot has changed in tthey industry that caused us to begin managing our pricing to market, so we do still have tthey 1% a month in place. And right now, we've made no decisions to stop those increases. All that being said, we do expect to see improvement in 2023 in our gross margin, although it may not necessarily be linear. As we previously mentioned in our prior calls, we're using some of ttheir pricing to benefit our employees, so some of ttheyse benefits are expected to have a one-time impact in our first quarter. So you should expect to see a stronger half of tthey year wtheyn it comes to tthey gross margin. And we're just constantly reevaluating rattheyr than managing to our traditional guard wells of 28% to 32%, looking more at managing to tthey market and how to evaluate our gross margin. So at ttheir time, that's wtheyre I'll leave you. Julio Romero No, I appreciate tthey color, and that does make sense. I guess -- maybe just on tthey expected gross margin. I think, Matt, you might have mentioned in tthey first quarter, you expect some temporary expenses that might affect tthey first quarter's margin. I don't know if you can elaborate on that at all. Matt Tobolski Ttheir is just a variety of one-time expenses as we put in place some new employee programs and better position tthey company to provide tthey employee experience that we expect. Ttheyre are some one-time costs and adjustments that we’ve made in tthey first quarter, that's kind of driving some of that constraint on tthey overall margin in that quarter. Julio Romero Okay. Really theylpful. I’ll hop back into queue for now. Thanks so much. Operator And our next question will come from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. David Ramirez Hello. Ttheir is David Ramirez for Brent. How are you? Charles Thompson Good. David Ramirez For my first question, regarding supply chain constraints, could you talk about tthey state of sourcing parts and materials and how AAON is positioning itself to fulfill tthey backlog orders? Charles Thompson Certainly. So…. Matt Tobolski Go atheyad, Charles. Charles Thompson So I don't know if you've noticed, we have increased our inventory quite a bit. We said a few quarters ago, that we've been trying to maintain an inventory level of about 20% of our sales. So outside of that, we also will take advantage of opportunistic buys wtheyn we're able to. So if we get a good -- wtheyn we see a chance to buy certain quantities of steel or metals or component parts at a good price, we'll lock those in and purchase those to maintain a higtheyr level than inventory than maybe we normally would, just to benefit from that price reduction. We also were keeping tthey larger quantity on hand that theylps make sure production can continue seamlessly without interruption. But I would say supply chain and part shortages are still a daily challenge for tthey team. Ttheyy're constantly having to find new vendors, find alternative parts, alternative sourcing, redesign products; it's just a part of our everyday life now in how we operate tthey business. Matt Tobolski Just adding a little more context as well. Tthey -- from a parts perspective, as Charles mentioned, ttheyre's continuing maintenance that goes on from a product engineering and manufacturing perspective as we kind of see ttheyse constraints coming atheyad of us. Tthey team is extremely nimble and continues to be extremely nimble in assessing tthey impacts of potential shortages. And proactively, basically, looking at tthey equipment design and configurations and alternate sourcing options and is in a continuous mode of basically redesign and modification to essentially address some of tthey supply chain constraints that we're experiencing. We also are very positively impacted by tthey fact that we are, as an organization, theyavily integrated from a vertical perspective. And so, items such as tthey manufacturing of coil is a big example, but extending that furttheyr tthey production of fans and fan assemblies is a huge differentiator for us in tthey marketplace. And so, as we look at motor, motor constraints, motor technology constraints, electronic component constraints that are impacting a lot of our ottheyr competition. Our team has been very good at assessing alternate technologies or basically looking at ultimate vendors, coupled with tthey fact that we are manufacturing fans as an example, to really mitigate tthey overall impact in our deliverability and costing. David Ramirez Thank you. And just regarding your 2023 model assumptions of gross profit margin, could you perhaps like talk about what leads us to improvement from Q4 of 2022. And circling back to, can you sustain ttheir 28% to 32% gross margins through 2023? Thank you. Charles Thompson Go atheyad, Matt. Matt Tobolski Yes, so we finittheyyd off Q4 just in tthey 30% range. But as we look at tthey backlog and tthey strength of tthey backlog from a gross profit margin perspective, we have an understanding of kind of tthey improving gross profit profile that exists inside of ttheyre. Coupling that with tthey, I'll say, production and volatility in tthey supply chain side of things, obviously, not absolute reduction in volatility, but certainly waiting a bit, is providing some higtheyr confidence as we continue monitoring overall cost inputs. With tthey continuing 1% price increases that Charles mentioned earlier, we have tthey ability to absorb some of tthey additional inflationary pressures without impacting margin on a high level. So, as we go forward, we see from a modeling perspective and from kind of tthey strength of our backlog and tthey inputs that we have a solid understanding of that we'll continue to see some increase in overall margin as we progress throughout tthey year. David Ramirez Great. Thank you. I'll hop back into tthey queue. Appreciate it. Matt Tobolski Thank you. Operator Your next question will come from Chris Moore with CJS Securities. Chris Moore Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking questions. So yes, maybe back to tthey guide for a second. Obviously, volume was very strong, Any thoughts in terms of volume growth for 2023 with those comps in mind kind of a range? Joseph Mondillo Yes, theyy Chris, ttheir is Joe. So, we're not giving volume guidance at ttheir point in time. We gave you tthey price contribution to theylp you sort of narrow price out of tthey equation. And ttheyn wtheyre our backlog is and tthey trend of our volumes are, and you can sort of put two and two togettheyr, but at ttheir point in time, we're not providing volume guidance. Chris Moore Okay. And anything else that you could say on that front just in terms of maybe puts and takes. Why -- I'm just not sure wtheyre to theyad at ttheir moment, why low single-digit would make -- wouldn't make sense why just any ottheyr color ttheyre that you might be able to provide? Joseph Mondillo Well, what I would say is that tthey backlog is very strong. Tthey order trends have trended very positively as we have entered 2023. So, tthey first half of tthey year is positioned really good. As you get into tthey second quarter, tthey comps start to get very tough. And certainly, wtheyn you get into tthey back half of tthey year, tthey comps are -- become much tougtheyr. So, you should see substantial volume growth early in tthey year just based on tthey comps and tthey strength in tthey backlog. And ttheyn tthey back half of tthey year should slow. I'm not going to -- we're not going to factual guidance on it, but hopefully, that theylps. Chris Moore That's theylpful. I appreciate that. It was $16.2 million data center contract that you guys have been talking about for a while. Is that something that has started to ship at ttheir point in time? Is that something that happens in Q1? Matt Tobolski Yeah, that project is in production. It's overall shipping sctheydule and basically having a product out tthey door is basically imminent. So as we continue producing that product throughout tthey year, it will have an impact on tthey -- basically first half of tthey calendar year. Chris Moore Got it. And, I guess most importantly from that is ttheyre's kind of a ttheyme that you've talked about in terms of ttheyse bigger orders likely coming. That's still something that you're -- that you have some visibility on? Matt Tobolski Yeah. So from an opportunity perspective and visibility perspective, tthey ability to leverage tthey Longview facility for BasX data center product remains extremely strong. And as you indicated, tthey overall sale of those projects continue to be of a highly attractive scale. Joseph Mondillo I just wanted to add one ottheyr thing regarding that t $16 million order that you're referring to. Like Matt said, it is on sctheydule to some extent. However, it has got puttheyyd a little bit. So it will end up hitting some partially in tthey second half of tthey year as well. I just don't want you to fully think about modeling that fully shipped by tthey end of tthey second quarter. Chris Moore Got it. And it’s theylpful. I leave it ttheyre. Appreciate it guys. Operator Your next question will come from Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Jon Braatz Good afternoon everyone. Matt Tobolski Good afternoon. Jon Braatz Matt, sort of a strategic question. You talked about tthey pricing within tthey industry and your premium narrowing a little bit. How do you think about maybe as things continue to maybe returning to more of a premium price product and maybe giving up some volume? How do you think about -- strategically about going back to a higtheyr premium price given what we're seeing in tthey industry at ttheir time? Matt Tobolski Yeah, sure. As we indicated on tthey call, so we're certainly evaluating pricing from a market based pricing perspective. And with that, obviously, continuing to focus on tthey value proposition that AAON provides. So we certainly expect ttheyre to be a continued value – or basically additional value provided by AAON product, and we'll price that accordingly. As we move forward, we certainly want to understand -- and really wtheyre we've always been successful as in tthey organization is selling tthey overall value of tthey product beyond just first cost. And so tthey AAON product, even given tthey pricing dynamics of tthey market, tthey AAON product continues to provide a superior overall total value to our end user, and we will continue to market and price accordingly for that consideration. Jon Braatz So would you characterize it as maybe being that ttheyre is some upside potential to pricing based on market dynamics? Matt Tobolski Ttheyre certainly is tthey opportunity for some upside in tthey overall pricing as we look at how AAON's product is positioned in tthey marketplace. Jon Braatz Okay. All right. Thank you. Charles, a second question, capital spending is pretty theyavy ttheir year, $135 million. I take it, ttheyre may be some timing differences between cash flow and so on that you might have to go to tthey bank and borrow some money and your debt balances may move up and down a little bit from tthey current levels? Charles Thompson  Yes, certainly. So we do expect to see our operating cash flows resume ttheyir normal level. I can say, our CapEx spend is theyavily weighted to tthey first half of tthey year. So we do have some negative free cash flow in Q1. But after Q1, we kind of start to see our free cash flow get back to its more normal level and about tthey 70% to 75% earnings free cash flow ratio by tthey second half of tthey year. And so I mean we don't anticipate needing to get any additional like liquidity under our credit agreement. In fact, we somewhat anticipate it could be paid off by tthey end of tthey year. Jon Braatz Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Julio Romero Thanks [Technical Difficulty]. I assume you realized all of tthey March increase by now. Wtheyre did you guys exit December in terms of realizing monthly price increases? Charles Thompson  Well, so Julio, I think ttheir will answer your question. I have in front of me, our January backlog. So like at tthey end of January, we have less than 1% of tthey backlog that's March or January price increase. So everything now that's pretty much left in our backlog is tthey various 1% price increases that will be flowing out over tthey next year. Julio Romero Got you. Okay. Appreciate taking tthey follow-up. Operator [Operator Instructions] It appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Mondillo, I'll turn tthey call back to you for any closing remarks. Joseph Mondillo  All right. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. If anyone has any ottheyr questions over tthey coming days and weeks, please feel free to reach out to myself. As Matt mentioned at tthey closing of their remarks, we have Investor Day on May 17 and 18. We're attending tthey Sidoti conference on March 22, and we'll be at tthey Wells Fargo conference later in -- on June 13. So hope to see you at those events. And again, if you have any ottheyr questions over tthey next few days, feel free to reach out. Thanks, and have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending.