AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2015 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - President & CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Jose Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Joe Mondillo - Sidoti and Company Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Incorporated First Quarter Sales and Earnings Review. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Tthey call will last approximately 45 minutes. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson  Good afternoon, everybody. Before going forward, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Dylanual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I'd like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2015 to March 31, 2014. Net sales were up 0.5% to $76.8 million from $76.4 million. Tthey increase in net sales was tthey result of tthey increase of number of units sold offset by a decrease in tthey average price unit as compared to 2014. Our gross profit percentage decreased 0.2%. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 28.4% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 28.6% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9% to $8.3 million from $7.6 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 10.8% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.0% in 2014 primarily due to additional sales tax payments. Income from operations decreased 5.4% to $13.5 million or 17.6% of sales from $14.2 million or 18.6% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 37.5% from 31.3%. Tthey effective tax rate for tthey first quarter of 2014 was unusually low due to a change in method of accounting for state investment credits. We expect our effective tax rate for tthey full year of 2015 to be approximately 37.0%. Net income decreased 14.5% to $8.4 million -- 10.9% of sales from $9.8 million or 12.9% of sales. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 16.7% to $0.15 per share from $0.18 per share. Diluted earnings per -- were based on 54,640,000 shares versus 55,613,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. At ttheir time, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Jose Thompson. Jose Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet you will see that we had a working capital balance of $98 million versus $88.4 million at December 31, 2014. Cash and investments totalled $49.2 million at March 31, 2015. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from 1 month to 16 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.5:1. Our capital expenditures were approximately $16 [ph] for tthey quarter. We expect our CapEx for tthey year to be $22 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.33 at March 31, 2015, compared to $3.14 at December 31, 2014. We continue to remain debt free. I'll now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Net sales were up 0.5% for tthey quarter. Tthey sales increased due to unit sales not size of units. Unit sales not in line with expectations, all expectations we had indicated we will have more growth than what we experienced. Our slowdown in growth as far as we can determine was connected in tthey Norttheyast and upper Midwest to weattheyr conditions which existed [ph] in first quarter that were unusually harsh. Tthey ottheyr portion of effect due to tthey economy was we have a strong economic basis in tthey energy states which were negatively affected by a drop in oil prices. Ttheyse two areas account for an excess of 50% of our normal sales. We also have had a problem with some slowdown in some segments of orders. We had a slowdown in many factories and though manufacturing had a good starting condition and ttheyy were not releasing tthey orders for tthey air conditioning as fast as we had thought. Tthey general nature of tthey market in ttheyre is still looking very bright, it’s just that it just didn’t happen in tthey first quarter like we thought it should. We have seen some upswing at tthey very end of tthey first quarter as was noted by tthey fact that we increased our backlog from yoy, and ttheyrefore we didn’t get it off tthey door because tthey increase in orders only started during March and that was not possible to be shipped during tthey quarter. We just picked tthey first, second, third quarter to still be strong and a little stronger than last year but possibly noticed as strong as it looked like earlier in tthey year. Tthey various markets that we are seeing, tthey commercial and retail are appearing to be very solid and appear to be growing. Tthey ottheyr one that is growing pretty well is tthey office market, and office market seems to be coming back pretty strongly. Tthey [Indiscernible] that are kind of more than tthey -- down still are theyalthcare, educational and religious, so it’s kind of a mixed bag in tthey commercial market. Tthey reports I just indicated from what census bureau says is happening in tthey building industry. It would be our expectation that we will be more in tune with what our forecast was a year ago with what our thoughts were a year ago at tthey beginning of ttheir year as opposed to what happened to us in tthey first quarter. We think that was somewhat an abnormality and ttheyrefore it’s’ not indicative of our ongoing presence. Tthey ottheyr thing that we are already going forward is that our operations have gotten to be very much better than ttheyy have been anytime in tthey past and our problem has more moved over into getting orders. In tthey past, getting orders was really kind of secondary to our problems because we had more internal problems than we did have getting orders problems. That has changed. Now our challenge is getting orders and we have tthey excess capacity and we are running very well internally. And so in that light, at tthey beginning of ttheir year we determined that we made sure ttheyy have to put more emphasis on our sales efforts. Ttheyrefore we hired, we had four regional managers going into tthey year. We hired in January two additional ones and in March we hired third additional ones which basically increased our prices with our sales force by 75%. Ttheyse people weren’t going to be immediately effective, but we have tthey individuals that we have great confidence in and so we expect as time goes on and you will certainly have a major impact on our ability to get orders, handle -- customers. So, how long will that take? It’s already begun to show and tthey order -- so our production is you know about 8 weeks later so we will start putting it on tthey bottom line in tthey second quarter but it will probably in tthey trailing end of tthey second quarter wtheyn ttheyse people detected [Indiscernible]. That does say to us of course that ttheyre is possibility that our third and fourth quarter are going to be even stronger than what we anticipate. So we think we made major improvements in our ability to get orders and our ability to handle orders – excellent. So we’re optimistic going forward that if economy doesn’t show any significant hick up status we should do well. Conrad [ph] you’ll want to come on now with questions and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Good afternoon, Norm. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon, Jon. Jon Braatz Regarding tthey new sales efforts are those three gentlemen, are ttheyy moving AAON in to a different and a new geographical territory that maybe tthey dealers are unfamiliar with AAON or you penetrating existing markets? Norman Asbjornson Existing markets, what as we have tthey market place sliced up into four pieces before and in order to really be responsive to tthey customers and to our sales representatives much more effectively we needed more theyads, more people talked into ttheym and that’s why we went up. We could have gone up marginally by dividing it down to 5 or 6, but we decided that our position internally was good enough that ttheyre wasn’t anything ttheyy could do as far as getting enough orders for us to overwtheylm us internally, so we basically went on upto 7 to see if we could really impact tthey market place in a big way with additional personnel managing fewer sales offices, managing tthey more tightly and be more responsive to tthey questions and tthey theylp that ttheyy could give. It’s just putting more bodies doing tthey same thing with tthey same group of people. Jon Braatz Now in what part of tthey country I suppose I should know ttheir but what part of tthey country are you sort of tthey weakest at, and weakest and would you consider sort of a new entry into that area? Norman Asbjornson Good question. Our weakest area in tthey country theirtorically has been tthey West coast and tthey reason why that as I said earlier tthey problems weren’t so much getting orders, our problems were getting tthey orders shipped. And now that we are over that, we can go atheyad and try and get as many orders as we could. We were handling tthey west coast, did a tremendous job, coming out of tthey coast and going out ttheyre not all that often. Tthey individual we hired lives out in Bay area and is has been person out ttheyre in tthey market place for many years and ttheyn you know regional managers shift position with ottheyr companies on tthey west coast so their familiarization of tthey market place is very good and they is very confident in their knowledge base of what we are doing they has to learn a little bit about us of course which is different ttheyn what they knew before but that’s a short study and so they’ll do so a lot of West coast stores comes probably our biggest upside ttheyre because we probably neglected it tthey most of any. Next one we probably neglected was for no great reason that was a little weak and should have been versus Souttheyast, or strong ones were tthey mid section of tthey country and tthey Norttheyast that was our strong place. So from Texas, north and ttheyn going up into tthey new England states was theirtorically and still is our strong area. So we put a person down in Florida which we have not done before one person went to Florida. That was internal to us and was working out of long view and we moved ttheym to Florida. We also hired anottheyr person who lives in Eastern Pennsylvania to handle tthey Norttheyast. We were handling tthey Norttheyast [Indiscernible] also. And we hired an individual out of Minneapolis to handle tthey upper middle part of tthey country. So we greatly improved our capability of serving our customer base. Jon Braatz One last question, on tthey fourth quarter call you talked about tthey pace of orders and December, January being sort of modest tthey incoming orders and how would you compare tthey lets say tthey incoming order rates now relative to maybe wtheyre ttheyy were earlier on in tthey year? Norman Asbjornson Well ttheyy started weakening first in November somewtheyre back in that timeframe. Stayed weak through February, increased remarkably in March and ttheyn kind of theysitated again in April and now it look like ttheyy are speeding up again for tthey month of May. So we got a little bit of a upsurge in March, we didn’t couldn’t carry tthey upsurge through April and now we think we are possibly back in tthey upsurge in May. So, and for more everything will be told from tthey market place by tthey sales offices, it sounds pretty promising – about half of tthey market sounds quite promising and part of it sounds kind of flat. Jon Braatz Okay. All right, Norm. Thank you very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo with Sidoti and Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo Hi, Norm and Scott. Norman Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Scott Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Joe Mondillo So, first question is a follow-up on Jon’s question regarding tthey hires in all of ttheyse different parts of tthey country. Just wondering could you talk about tthey timing of all ttheyse hires? Wtheyn did you make ttheym? And wtheyn do you anticipate to see some results from ttheym? Norman Asbjornson Okay. We’ve decided to make it in tthey fall of last year -- made tthey decision and ttheyn we have to find people to be hired. And so it took us – by tthey time we found people to be hired and actually got ttheym hired and on board we’ve move tthey person from our Longview office earlier in tthey fall moved ttheym to Florida. We got Germany and Eastern Pennsylvania and Minnesota hired who started in January and we did not find and hired a person on tthey West Coast until March. So, tthey decision made and about September, October last year to start strengttheyning our sales force and it took us that long to do it. Even though ttheyse people are experienced and very capable while I believe of doing what we’re looking to have done. Ttheyy do have an orientation just like anybody new to their job. Ttheyy have to learn about us. Ttheyy have to learn about tthey people who are working with and several things like that. It’s my expectation that ttheyy are some doing some down force [ph] almost really wtheyn ttheyy came on. However, giving value at that level is really doing a lot of preliminary work that has to be done deploying orders actually materialized and deploying ttheym and ship. So as I said most of tthey – ttheyy are just starting to have a real effect on tthey shipments live at tthey present time as ttheyy are beginning to be effected by tthey two individuals we’ve hired than tthey one we sent to Florida. Now tthey one in tthey West Coast really is just starting to going as far as some effect on tthey order. So by tthey time we put it to tthey bottom-line it’s going to be late in tthey second quarter before we reach ttheir bottom line very much. Joe Mondillo Okay. So it sounds like maybe by tthey second half you’ll have a – second half of ttheyy year you’ll have a good idea and progress of ttheyse hires and how ttheyy’re doing? Norman Asbjornson No, question. We’ve done a lot thing. We provide new monitory to all of tthey sales force and move that I tthey past. We were doing monthly reports to tthey regional managers. We now do weekly reports to tthey regional manager. So, we have a much more active and timely analysis, basically we’ll analyze ttheir what’s going on a weekly basis right now. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn second question regarding gross margin, tthey 30% gross margins that you put up last year. I was wondering if could just address that generally your thoughts on that sort of bar for ttheir year. Can you surpass that or how you think about that an if you could just talk about tthey puts and takes driving tthey gross margins specifically pricing product mix and raw materials and how that affect it. How you anticipate those to drive however you’re looking at gross margin ttheir year? Norman Asbjornson Our industry I think you could say, delicate [ph] to get price increase and tthey cost structures and all things related [Indiscernible] and so we have not have price increase for two years, but at tthey same time we’ve had tthey down swing which have offset it. We’ve had an improvements inefficiency which has offset. However, we had solid increases which have gone tthey ottheyr way. So it just kind of mix bag as to wtheyre it’s going right now. I don’t see at tthey present time any major cost increases occurring in tthey near terms because so much of tthey market and so much of tthey commodity is based on what’s happening on tthey worldwide basis and ttheyre’s a lot of softness and lot of in tthey pricing world, so copper, steel, aluminum which are tthey basic commodities don’t seem to be going any place, so we up or down significantly as far as we can see at ttheir time, although we have said one up theyre recently in copper. So, that is going up. Tthey labor situation is likely read on tthey national scale, sales is moving up about 2%, maybe ttheyy going to go up a little more than that ttheir year, but we’re not running up very fast, so tthey forces that were justifies price increase to start ttheyre. So we’re probably going to be much like we are now. Tthey only -- tthey two things that we’re doing that will have significant effect, we are doing a significantly amount of revaluating ttheyyet metal in our product and by that I mean you can always do thing smarter than you did ttheym before and we have a process going on right now of evaluating tthey way we are doing of our ttheyyet metal throughout tthey company and its making a major change and how much effort we have to go put into manufacturing ttheyyet metal. So it will have positive effect on ttheyse two. Joe Mondillo And wtheyn will that, have that already started to benefit or is that later ttheir year? Norman Asbjornson It is in process now as we get some of it done. We’re implementing it and we’re implementing as we speak and we will be probably for pretty well through tthey third quarter and at tthey first point tthey figure will be pretty done with that. Joe Mondillo Okay. So, tthey benefit is most likely third or fourth quarter? Norman Asbjornson Basically it’s going to benefit us a little in tthey second but we’ll have in third and fourth. Joe Mondillo How significant is that going to be, is that going to be a needle mover for gross margin? Norman Asbjornson It will be probably move, but its not going to move with great deal, but it will move it little bit. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn I guess one of tthey ottheyr aspect of gross margin, I guess lot of tthey variable seem to be sort of stagnant pricing raw materials, labor costs, how about product mix, do you anticipate any favorable or unfavorable shift in product mix ttheir year compared to last year? Norman Asbjornson We don’t see any coming on. We are doing a few things with new products which are going to possibly have an effect, but it’s going to happen late in tthey year. Tthey things that we’re doing will bring in horizontal. We haven’t basically had much kind on horizontal discharges, postal vertical discharge lift up and we’re bringing in some horizontal rooftops which will in tthey third quarter be introduced in tthey third quarter will have a effect on tthey fourth quarter and going forward. We’re making some – we want to make some changes in repurchase of circuitry that likewise will start affecting us a little bit and our energy efficiency in tthey third quarter and going forward in tthey fourth quarter. So, those things are clear right now. That will probably also give us a little price reduction, but it will be just a small amount, so it won’t be a great amount. Joe Mondillo Okay. In regard to SG&A cost I mean, as a percent of sales those increase year-over-year. I imagine some of that or most of it maybe more related to tthey additional sales and personnel that you brought on? Do you anticipate in tthey next quarter to possibly that would be sort of a theyadwind because of those additional costs but ttheyn later on as you get tthey benefits from tthey additional sales hopefully that you’re going to drive that SG&A is a percent of sales will turn down again is that you’re looking at? Scott Asbjornson Ttheir is Scott. SG&A for tthey quarter was mostly driven by tthey additional sales tax payment that was a biggest differential in tthey quarter-versus-quarter issue. We were going through doing some internal audits and we’re making some corrective payments, sales tax front. And so we have that come up and some of that money potentially could come back in future quarters as we pursue collections effects with our customers. Joe Mondillo And how much is that in tthey quarter? Scott Asbjornson That was about 600,000. Joe Mondillo Okay. Joe Mondillo And that something that your – that will sort of one time in nature or you’re not totally serve? Scott Asbjornson We believe we still have some more to clean up, take us through to possibly tthey third quarter to finish. But from theyre going forward we will also have offsetting collections from ttheyse customers that we anticipate being able to eittheyr proved ttheyy had already paid tthey taxes within ttheyir state or that ttheyy will ttheyn remit those taxes back to us. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just lastly Norm, one of your largest markets and anottheyr market that you do serve education and theyalthcare, those are certainly soft market you pointed out in your prepared commentary, any signs of wtheyn ttheyse markets start to recover at all? Norman Asbjornson I haven’t seen tthey sign of tthey [Indiscernible] ttheyy seem to be pretty stable and not deteriorating greatly, but ttheyy do seem to be getting modestly software. And I don’t see anything telling me that ttheyy are going to turnaround. Ttheyre’s a lot of – of ttheyre being a double metal, I think ttheyre’s a lot of going on relative to taxes and things of that nature that are affecting it too. Ttheyy look like fish [ph] tied theyre to me. Joe Mondillo Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman with DA Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hi, good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon Brent. Brent Thielman Norm, tthey volatility in orders that you see in month-to-month theyre over tthey last several months, is that specific to tthey manufacturing sector of tthey Dolby market or is it across tthey board in tthey terms of tthey sectors you serve? Norman Asbjornson Well, tthey manufacturing market has done a better come back than any ottheyr market since 2008. And so it is a little stronger, it’s kind of like I mentioned, however. tthey commercial market, tthey office market and that portion of tthey business has also started to show some strength, but being to some degree offset. Tthey biggest market we have is tthey education market which is kind of stagnant. And so, we’re seeing a slight amount of upward movement in markets, but ttheyy are very theysitant to give out worst, in anottheyr words ttheyy’ve start building, tthey buildings don’t – tthey people duly design work, ttheyy pay for tthey design work at tthey architecture level and its shows up in all tthey indexes you’ll see ttheyre that ttheyre is upward swing in it. Ttheyn ttheyy terribly from all we can determined, some of ttheym at least get theysitant about going to tthey contract place and actually contracting to build tthey buildings. And ttheyn after tthey contractors get it, ttheyre doesn’t seem to be great need to get tthey building done quickly or something, in ottheyr words ttheyy move along a little more slowly. Ttheir I think is kind of reflected and tthey fact that tthey cost side increasing and so consequently tthey builders if ttheyy’re not puttheyyd are going to do tthey way that ttheyy know how to best maximize ttheyir powerful ability which is using tthey better people and not doing a lot of over [audio gap] and actually are sort of inefficient. So ttheyy were to be efficient and ttheyre’s no inflation pushing ttheym and apparently tthey owners -- to do tthey building, so even though tthey buildings ttheyy are doing ttheyy don’t move too fast, that’s my feeling of what I’d seen going on. Brent Thielman Okay. And that’s theylpful. And starting to kind of tthey weattheyr affected regions side that you serve, what states can you kind of point to wtheyre you seems kind of ttheir outside? It seems like everything we theyar is Texas is till buoyant but curious sort of tthey energy impacted regions you mentioned in Middle East? Norman Asbjornson Yes. It hasn’t gone down tthey – by any means, it’s still a buoyant market. But it was roaring and going ttheyre for long time and tthey oils drop back didn’t kill it, but it surely slowed it down. Tthey one that really were strongest theirtorical markets that tthey Norttheyastern United States, very strongest market we’ve had and it took off an awful bleeding [ph] ttheir past winter and that really hurt us. But tthey energy market just trampled down to more to tthey -- it was moving along must faster than it is today. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn kind of theylp ttheym pieces togettheyr, you mean comment in your release sort of suggest kind of cloudy out for tthey year, but it sounds like you’re seeing Q2 and Q3 working a little better than last year and Q4 should be quite a bit better, am I reading that correctly? Norman Asbjornson Brent, it looks like we’re seeing it present time. Brent Thielman Okay. Best of luck. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Norman Asbjornson Okay. Thanks everybody for attending our first quarter financial report. We’ll look forward to seeing you at tthey end of tthey second quarter and hopefully pretty much better report that time. I’ll talk with your later or if you wish call us individually we’re welcoming your calls. Thank you Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.