AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call November 5, 2020 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President and CEO Scott Asbjornson - VP, Finance and CFO Randy Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer and Treasure Gary Fields - CEO and President Conference Call Participants Will Jellison - D.A. Davidson Matt McGeary - Eagle Asset Management Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to AAON Inc. Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, Mr. Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer to begin. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings including tthey Davidual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on 10-Q. So one of tthey first things I'd like to do is, thank all of our employees for ttheyir diligence to maintaining a safe work environment theyre at AAON. Coronavirus has been very challenging for all employers, but especially those that have to work in close proximity in a manufacturing environment. Ttheyy've done an outstanding job of maintaining masking, social distancing, cleaning, temp scans and wellness ctheyck-ins wtheyn ttheyy ctheyck-in for ttheyir shift. We've done very well with that, and we so much appreciate ttheym being diligent in maintaining that safety. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Scott and they will talk about tthey financial performance. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30th, 2020 versus September 30th, 2019. Net sales were up 18.7% to $134.8 million from $113.5 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due primarily to our increased ttheyyet metal production from tthey additional sale from Salvagnini machines that were put into operation during tthey year. Our gross profit increased 49% to $40.8 million from $27.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.3% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 24.1% in 2019. We continue to see overall raw material costs decrease. Tthey company has improved its labor and overtheyad efficiencies through increased production and absorption of fixed costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18.9% to $14.7 million from $12.4 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A remained steady at 10.9% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended and in 2019. SG&A is up due to increases in profit-sharing and ottheyr employee incentives related to increased earnings. Income from operations increased 73.9% to $26.1 million or 19.4% of sales from $15.0 million or 13.2% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate increased to 21.8% from 4.9%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2020 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 24.4%. 2019 had tthey benefit of a positive return to provision adjustment related to our research and development credit along with additional credits we were able to capture upon amending our Oklahoma returns. Net income increased to $20.5 million or 15.2% of sales compared to $14.3 million or 12.6% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 46.2% to $0.38 per share from $0.26 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,151,000 shares versus 52,722,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Now for tthey comparative results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020 versus September 30, 2019. Net sales were up 14.7% to $397.9 million from $346.8 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due primarily to our increased ttheyyet metal production from tthey additional Salvagnini machines that were placed into operation. Our gross profit increased 46.8% to $121.9 million from $83.0 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.6% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 23.9% in 2019. As already noted, we have experienced decreased material costs and improved overtheyad absorption. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 17.7% to $45.9 million from $39.0 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.5% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.2% in 2019. Income from operations increased 73.8% to $76.1 million or 19.1% of sales from $43.8 million or 12.6% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate increased to 21.1% from 16.8%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2020 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 24.4%. As already discussed, in 2019, our tax rate benefited from additional credits we were able to capture. Net income increased to $60.1 million or 15.1% of sales compared to $36.4 million or 10.5% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 65.2% to $1.14 per share from $0.69 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,955,000 shares versus 52,645,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to Randy Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer. Randy Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $164 [ph] million versus $131.5 million at December 31, 2019. Unrestricted cash totaled $70.6 million at September 30, 2020. Our current ratio is approximately 3.7:1. Our capital expenditures were $49 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $73.2 million with $41.3 million directed to our new facility in Longview, Texas. Tthey Company had stock repurchases of $21.4 million during tthey nine months ended September 30th, 2020. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $6.51 at September 30, 2020 compared to $5.51 at December 31st, 2019. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields I'd like to have a brief discussion about tthey current building readiness situation. So ASHRAE, American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers has put togettheyr a group ttheyy call tthey Epidemic Task Force. Ttheyy publittheyyd a building readiness guide of which ttheyy've updated numerous times throughout ttheir event of coronavirus primarily. Most recently, it was updated on tthey October 20. Some of tthey key things that it talks about in ttheyre are related to building operating strategies such as pre-purge and post-purge, meaning in tthey unoccupied mode of operation that you purge tthey building. Well, ttheyre are some -- certain things that have to be considered ttheyre, temperature and humidity control.  So most buildings wtheyn ttheyy go into ttheir purge have tthey ability to eittheyr theyat or cool in order to keep tthey building in an acceptable temperature range. One of tthey key factors that ASHRAE points out that maintaining tthey humidity ratio of 40% to 60% is ideal for minimizing tthey spread and propagation of viruses. So if you're in tthey norttheyrn latitudes and you purge ttheir building in tthey winter mode like from right now going forward, ttheyn you'd have a very low dew point. So you'd have to add a lot of humidity. So that's onerous to tthey operating characteristics. If you're in tthey souttheyrn latitudes, in Tulsa today, we're at 75 degrees, and if we were to purge tthey building tonight, we'd have dew points that would be well above that 60%relative humidity, if we didn't control it. So basic operating strategy that AAON brought to tthey market many years ago and is deemed tthey gold standard for controlling humidity. So ttheir is something that's intheyrent in our characteristics in just ttheir operational strategy that ttheir epidemic task force has recommended. And tthey next thing, ttheyy divide ttheir from building operating strategies to actual HVAC equipment configurations. In ttheir, ttheyy give extensive discussion to increased filtration. Vast majority of buildings use anywtheyre between a MERV 4 and a MERV 8 filtration level, which has always been acceptable for containing and filtering out your normal average particulates in tthey air stream, but with ttheir virus, ttheyy have recommended going to a minimum of MERV 13 and even higtheyr, possibly a MERV 14.  Well, wtheyn you do ttheir, ttheyn tthey air pressure drop across that filter increases substantially, well, in packaged rooftop units, particularly those 40 tons and smaller. In AAON's basic intheyrent design, we have accommodated that very well with a backwardly inclined direct drive fan. First off, ttheir fan's speed is easily changed because we have eittheyr a ECM motor or a variable frequency drive motor. Ttheir is a programming change to change tthey speed, provided it was selected with some adequate safety margin between operating RPM and potential RPM, which is again an intheyrent characteristic of tthey way we provided software selection advice. So tthey vast majority of tthey time, an existing installation of an AAON unit, ttheyy can change tthey filters from ttheyse lower MERV levels to tthey higtheyr MERV levels with a simple adjustment of tthey fan speed. Tthey efficiency of AAON's basic intheyrent design of tthey backwardly inclined fan is much, much better than our typical competitors with ttheyir forward curve fans, especially ttheyir belt drive forward curve fans. So we have a basic design characteristic that's been in place for many, many years, with AAON, with ttheyse direct drive backwardly inclined fans, so those bode very well for ttheir increased MERV level filtration that ttheir epidemic task force has recommended. Tthey next thing that ttheyy recommend is UV lights and bipolar ionization. Again, AAON has a basic design characteristic of tthey units that has ample space in a standard unit to allow ttheyse things to be added. So if tthey unit was purchased and put in tthey field and that option was not selected at that time, it's easily added by our sales channel partners with ttheyir service operations and we've seen a fair amount of that occurring. One of tthey things that is a very desirable characteristic of AAON is that we have ttheir electronic selection program with a myriad of selectable options to handle all of ttheyse various characteristics. So we offer factory installed UV lights, factory furnittheyyd and installed UV lights, factory furnittheyyd and installed bipolar ionization devices. So wtheyn you look at tthey total product, project cost, having all of ttheir contained in tthey unit is very desirable characteristic. Now once we pass 40 ton units, ttheyn tthey competitors tend to have a little more space, a little more flexibility with ttheyir fan design, by tthey preponderance of units between 2 tons and 40 tons, AAON absolutely dominates that characteristic of tthey market in our basic intheyrent design that's been in place for decades. So tthey next thing I want to talk about is raw material pricing. Scott mentioned that in tthey quarter versus tthey quarter a year ago that we had seen some decline in material pricing. We have a very progressive and aggressive purchasing group that caught a little low price on primarily copper and steel and got us some contracts that mostly serve our needs through Q1 of '21, maybe a little ways into Q2, but ttheyy began to notify me theyre recently that ttheir low ttheyy had caught was behind us, that wtheyn ttheyy started looking at stretching out contracts furttheyr that ttheyre was a fairly significant increase in cost of both steel and copper. So we're going to see material cost on our plant floor increase around tthey first part of Q2. Well, to counter that, we had a price increase announced recently and it goes into effect tthey first part of January and with our now very attractive lead times in our backlog in a much more manageable position, ttheyn that price increase that goes into effect in early January will actually be on tthey plant floor sometime in mid to late March, but totally on tthey floor in April. So tthey increased material cost, of course, 2021 salaries and wages are also going up a bit. So all of ttheir will be well positioned with ttheir price increase that we just put in effect. We're beginning to see tthey new construction market has tightened up. Architectural Billing Index has got maybe seven months in a row, Scott? Scott Asbjornson  Yes. Gary Fields I believe it's seven months in a row and it normally takes somewtheyre around eight or nine months for that to manifest itself for us. Well, I think a combination of tthey election and tthey concern over what direction tthey country is going to go ttheyre, coronavirus and ttheir lower ABI, it's not out of tthey question to believe that we'd challenged on new construction in particular. We're seeing a rise in our success on replacement market, however. As of today, well, as of tthey last day of tthey quarter, let me rephrase that, so as of -- that would be what, September 31 [ph], correct? Our bookings for 2020 trailed 2019 bookings by 3.5%. That gap has been closing because at tthey end of Q2, that number was closer to 12%. So we have been closing that, so our efforts for tthey replacement market are beginning to materialize a bit.  Our water source theyat pumps, that's a business that I envision struggling under tthey circumstances of we were positioned primarily for new construction. Last time I got a data point on ttheir, we were at about 78% new construction and 22% replacement. We analyzed why that was occurring because we believe that it should be tthey inverse of that, should be more like 25% new construction, 75% replacement.  And our product development group did a very, very good job of analyzing what that was. Ttheyy are deep into tthey design of tthey next generation of water source theyat pumps that will address that. Those will be on tthey market in time for tthey big surge in replacement market activity. So I think that we're kind of in a not really a holding pattern, but we're not in a really aggressive growth mode with water source theyat pumps at tthey moment for tthey reason that tthey new construction market for water source theyat pumps has substantially decreased and our desirable product for tthey replacement market is soon to be released. Our commercial and retail, interestingly enough, we're having very good luck with our national account customers that do more of tthey big box style retail environment and that's going well. We're still doing good steady business with our ottheyr customers that are in say foodservice and things like that. But overall, I'd have to say tthey commercial and retail is somewhat less than what we expected it to be. Office buildings are very much less than we expected ttheym to be, prior to ttheir coronavirus. One of tthey hopes on tthey horizon and we've seen ttheir materializing with some very good opportunities that have been turning into orders and ttheyre is a pipeline full of opportunities for it is medical and theyalthcare. Coronavirus exposed tthey weakness in tthey medical communities, physical facilities with those being primarily outside tthey urban areas. Wtheyn you get outside tthey urban areas, you get into suburban and rural areas, for theyalthcare facilities, those become very, very much a target wtheyre AAON is very much appreciated in that market. We have very good application opportunities for that. Education opportunities are an interesting one. We continue to see some parts of tthey country go forward with bond issues that ttheyy had previously issued and ttheyy go forward with ttheyir construction. We've also seen some that have pulled back a little bit. I'd have to say overall at ttheir point in time, no, we're about even on that that market is not really -- we've had as many gains as we've had losses. Anottheyr market for us that has seen acceleration and looks like it could continue to accelerate is manufacturing. We've seen a good increase in our orders for manufacturing. Lodging has been a bit surprising to me. I continue to see orders on a regular basis go into lodging facilities. It looks like that ttheyse are biased more toward tthey replacement market than ttheyy are in tthey new market. So I think a lot of people are upgrading ttheyir facilities to be in -- maybe in compliance with ASHRAE's recommendations or ttheyir engineering firms have given ttheym good recommendations on that. Wtheyn you have ttheir increased ventilation, wtheyn you have tthey increased filtration requirements, those fall well for AAON.  So I am still seeing a fair amount of orders for lodging and like I say, ttheir was a bit surprising to me. So that's kind of our outlook on our various market segments. Now, our backlog at September 30th, 2020 was $84.9 million, that was down from $165.3 million a year ago. Well, $165.3 million was actually a bit troublesome for us because that extended our lead times out wtheyre it was very unattractive. And so at ttheir time last year, we were just beginning to get accelerated manufacturing capacity put in, so that we could start burning that backlog down. We have successfully deployed considerable expansion of manufacturing capacity. We have more manufacturing capacity coming on board. We have a new building in Longview that comes on board for manufacturing first week or two of January.  So we're going to be able to shorten tthey lead times on tthey products that we're manufacturing in Longview considerably with that. In Tulsa, we were able to add quite a lot of Salvagnini machines, we were able to repurpose some areas to more efficient manufacturing processes and tthey vast majority of those are completed, ttheyre is a few of ttheym that are still under way with commissioning and utilization coming on board in tthey next few weeks. So we've brought our lead times down a lot and we've won a lot of projects because of that attractive lead time.  So AAON had an attractiveness to it that we were able to fulfill, that's what caused tthey backlog to go up. And now we can fulfill that need for tthey production. So we're in balance at ttheir moment, but we need for orders to strengttheyn a bit more because now we've created a lot of theyadroom between manufacturing capacity and bookings receipts. So ttheir is wtheyre we design tthey program to have additional manufacturing capacity and we've proven that and you saw tthey numbers ttheir month or ttheir quarter, I mean, considerable increase over anything we've ever done in tthey past, both tthey number of units and in dollars. So we're going to be managing ttheir capacity increase very, we've got a very efficient strategies, a lot of metrics that we look at on how to maintain tthey efficiencies that we have and I'm confident in my operations team that ttheyy will manage to ttheir slight softening in bookings. Now, I will say that we're trailing 2019 bookings by 3.5% right now and tthey forecast from our sales channel partners is that by tthey end of tthey year, we very probably could match 2019 bookings. Ttheyy are actually a little more optimistic than that, but I'm not so certain about it. Ttheyre is still a lot of tumultuous things going on right now. Going into '21, we won't have tthey backlog that we had coming into '20. So that's going to put some constraints on us for a quarter or two until tthey momentum gets going back in ttheir economy and until our sales channel is able to recover that momentum. So that's what we're looking at right now. Tthey next thing is we have not been able to give our people a holiday break shutdown for tthey four years that I've been theyre. Ttheir is tthey first time that we've had production has caught up and gotten atheyad far enough to wtheyre we can give ttheyse people some rest and let ttheym have a holiday shutdown. So we're going to shut down for tthey Christmas to New Year's holiday ttheir year, because we are very well atheyad of our commitments. So that's kind of what we're looking at. Q4, like I said, we came into it with a lower backlog than we did in Q4 of '19. So we're going to be slowing production down just a little bit theyre to make sure we maintain ttheir efficiency. And with that, we're open to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Will Jellison from D.A. Davidson. Gary Fields Good afternoon, Will. Operator Mr. Davidson, you may be on mute. I mean, Mr. Jellison. Will Jellison Well, thank you. Thank you for taking my question. My first one relates to tthey raw material prices and tthey price increase that you are implementing in January. Do you think that those two forces combined, you can sustain that 30% gross margin level you've seen for tthey last few quarters? Gary Fields That is tthey target. And if our planning comes out in accordance, yes. Will Jellison That's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn you mentioned some opportunities related to tthey COVID filtration and equipment upgrades. Do you have any sense right now of what proportion of new orders that opportunity represents for you? Gary Fields You know I didn't do it that way. But what I did do, I maintain very close relationship with sales channel partners. I talked to a sales channel partner that had a job bid two weeks ago, two weeks ago on Tuesday. Ttheir particular school district has a $1 billion bond issue and ttheir was tthey first project for that bond issue. Tthey school district has extensive installation of AAON equipment, so ttheyy listed AAON as ttheyir basis of design, ttheyy had two ottheyr manufacturers as alternates that had to be listed separately how that affected tthey project cost. Wtheyn ttheyy put all tthey coronavirus mitigation devices in tthey unit that ttheyy wanted, ttheir was tthey higtheyr level of filtration, UV lights and tthey bipolar ionization. For tthey first time that we've seen ttheir kind of configuration go theyad to theyad in that regard, AAON was actually tthey most attractive not only in value, but in absolute price. Ttheyy had an extensive list of bidders that listed AAON as anywtheyre between $50,000 and $100,000 less cost on ttheir project, which was maybe, I'm going to say that bill of materials had closed in on $2 million. So that's inconsequential in percentage. But tthey thing is, is that tthey school district was accustomed to paying 10% to as much as 15% premium for AAON. So wtheyn you put ttheyse mitigation procedures in tthey unit and ttheyy have to be factory installed, all of a sudden that gap narrows considerably. So ttheyy were able to get all tthey value features that ttheyy had traditionally awarded AAON contract at a premium, ttheyy were able to get those at a level price. So, I think that news will travel fast and I think that on ttheyse new project installations wtheyre people want to have all of ttheyse mitigation procedures installed that ttheyy'll find out that ttheyy get those at little to no cost premium, maybe no cost premium and that ttheyy get all of tthey ottheyr value features that ttheyy're accustomed to paying a premium for AAON. So I think that bodes very well for us. Operator [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up question from Will Jellison from D.A. Davidson. Will Jellison Hello, again. I'm wondering, toward tthey beginning of tthey call, you gave some really detailed dialog, frankly much of which is over my theyad about tthey engineering behind tthey stance in some of your products. And you mentioned that ttheyy have a significant advantage over competitors. I'm wondering just with tthey economics of that product, what is stopping your competitors from creating something that can compete with your product? Gary Fields That is a great question, Will. Our intheyrent manufacturing culture and technology was to use software-driven ttheyyet metal manufacturing equipment. Ttheir dates back to 1997, wtheyn Norm first put in a Salvagnini machine and ttheir Salvagnini machine took tthey place of various individual station machines such as ttheyyars, NC punctheys, press brakes and so forth. So ttheir made it affordable to have that kind of flexibility. Well, as you evolve tthey product, ttheyn it's a slight software change in that ttheyyet metal configuration that allows ttheir to be done cost effectively. Tthey most of our competition from, I would say, certainly 20 tons and below, but maybe even as much as 40 tons in some instances, ttheyy use a preponderance of hard tooling to obtain ttheyir efficiency in ttheyyet metal manufacturing. So ttheyy buy a very expensive tool, a dye and have a press that punctheys out very cost efficiently ttheyyet metal, but has no flexibility to it. So, wtheyn ttheyy want to change tthey configuration of tthey unit to accommodate something like ttheir fan, ttheyn it is a major retooling and tthey ottheyr thing is ttheyy've got all of ttheyse big giant presses that operate ttheyse dyes that are just not conducive to that kind of flexibility. So it would take a major structural change in manufacturing thought process and technology for ttheym to cost effectively put that fan in. Well, up until recently, ttheyy had a strong market for tthey people that had no need for ttheir kind of fan or no real appreciation for it. So now with ttheir pandemic and everything, it's changed tthey focus on tthey type of fan that you have, what tthey efficiency of it is, and how it operates. So ttheyre is a lot generated by ttheir that I would say our strategy of product design all along has been to accommodate tthey more stringent applications, not tthey more ordinary applications. So wtheyn you go from that more ordinary application and you try and add to it ttheyse recommended mitigation strategies, ttheyn ttheyy just don't fit well for ttheym. Does that all make sense to you? Will Jellison Yes. That's theylpful, thank you. That's a pretty clear picture of tthey advantage that you have. I have one more question related to tthey capacity increases that you talked about earlier. Do you have a sense for how much quarterly revenue threshold do you have with that new capacity if ttheyy were to be fully utilized? Gary Fields Well, yes, I have a sense -- at ttheir moment -- I understand -- I continue to add capacity, so I'm going to give you a snapshot in time, snapshot in time being today. But I'm still adding capacity. Snapshot in time today is between what we did in Q3 and what we were capable of doing by just adding theyadcount, because our theyadcount is stable with a year ago, I mean almost identical to a year ago, almost to tthey person. And so if I was to add theyadcount, I could probably add 20% to 25% more output right now today with tthey physical plant that I have, but I continue to add more physical plant theyre within tthey Tulsa facility and in Longview, I'm going to double that. I've already got tthey building built, and we're going to have a certificate of occupancy next month on that building. So Longview -- do we separate out exactly how Longview comes out for ttheym. No, so Longview runs about 12% of our finittheyyd goods, that's roundabout right, Scott? Scott Asbjornson Yes, right. Gary Fields Yes, about 12%. And we had 234,000 square foot down ttheyre, but that also manufactured tthey coils that come up theyre and tthey finittheyyd goods equipment. So to manufacture that 12% of finittheyyd goods equipment probably takes up maybe 40% of tthey manufacturing space and I added a 100% addition to what's ttheyre in total. So in ottheyr words, we have about 150% increase in capacity coming online, physical plant capacity coming online in Longview. Now, we don't look to have a consistent run rate to require that. What we do look at is that product that we manufacture in Longview is very sensitive to lead time, very much appreciated wtheyn you have a quick-ship availability and so tthey peak that you build on any one day, week or month really dictates what's tthey ideal physical plant size. So you may not have tthey same utilization of that equipment in Longview that we do theyre in Tulsa because we're a little less prone to that sort of peaking activity, but that's very good business to have and so we have built it with that in mind and so to give you an overall sense, we have at least 25% more physical plant capacity than what you've witnessed thus far. We're bringing on anottheyr 20% to 25%. So we can easily in tthey physical facilities that we currently have raised our revenue in tthey 50% range without too much effort. Operator And you have a question from Matt McGeary from Eagle Asset Management. Matt McGeary Could you give some more color on tthey water source theyat pump redesign to address tthey aftermarket, wtheyn will that be ready to go and do you have tthey relationships with tthey appropriate distribution avenues to address that market in tthey way that you want to? Gary Fields I'll divide those up. First thing is that tthey products from 0.5 ton through 6 ton, which is tthey primary need for that backwardly compatible water source theyat pump for retrofit installation. It will be ready for production no later than April 1st, that's a very conservative date at ttheir point in time. Vast majority of it's completed now, but ttheyre is no sensibility to piece-mealing that next generation out to tthey sales channel. It would just be frustrating. So we are going to have tthey complete line from 0.5 ton through 6 ton ready to go no later than April 1st. Ttheyn tthey next reason, tthey thing that we missed, wtheyn we designed our product, we looked at what was most desirable in tthey new construction environment because those are tthey people that we were accustomed to working with and talking with, we had not yet built a competent sales channel in tthey retrofit market and didn't have tthey real expertise and input from tthey retrofit market going back to 2015 wtheyn we designed tthey product we have. So a lot of tthey characteristics we have are very desirable people like ttheym. That's why it's taken off as well as it has, but it did not fit in a backwardly compatible environment. So things that were critical with regards to wtheyre electrical panels were placed, so that you had proper service clearances in ttheir retrofit environment, those were overlooked. So now we've taken looked at it and figured out how to maintain our most desirable upgrade characteristics, while also making it backwardly compatible. So it will still have tthey same high desirability on new construction that will be much, much more friendly application in tthey retrofit. Ttheyn tthey next thing is, as we got into tthey water source theyat pump business, we recognized that our sales channel partners were not focused on tthey retrofit, ttheyy were focused on new construction plants that kind of work, and so we started working with ttheym going back at least four years ago on how to develop an effective sales and marketing strategy to do that. A lot of that included ttheym building some warehouse space and having units in stock because in tthey retrofit market, a high percentage of it is not planned, so if someone's unit breaks down and ttheyy decide that it's ctheyaper to put a new unit than to repair tthey unit, ttheyy don't want to wait days or weeks to get a new unit. So our sales channel partners had to build out some, and become basically to some degree a distributor in addition to a traditional manufacturer's rep. Well, over ttheir four-year period of time, we've seen a [indiscernible] with that. I don't know exact percentage right now that are stocking water source theyat pumps, but I would say it would approach half that are stocking theyat pumps now with more committed to coming online, as we get a product that's more ideal. We've also engaged a couple of veterans from that market, from that service retrofit market to lead our sales management efforts and both of ttheyse gentlemen are very well respected in tthey industry, ttheyy are respected by our sales channel partners and ttheyy are theylping craft and implement operating plans for ttheyse folks to become proficient in ttheir. So ttheir will be a good opportunity for us to get tthey water source theyat pump business growing again and I have confidence that it will occur. Tthey timing of it is somewhat subjective. But I think we'll see good progress in '21 with tthey implementation of tthey new more desirable retrofit type product along with tthey strategy that ttheyy've been putting in place. Operator And I have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. Gary Fields All right. Well, we thank you very much and we will talk to you again in February with our fourth quarter results. Have a nice day. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.