AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2015 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - President and CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Analysts Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - Davidson Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital DeForest Hinman - Walthausen and Company Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Incorporated Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Review. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last 45 minutes -- approximately 45 minutes. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Before proceeding, I’d like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Bryanual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I’d like now to introduce our CFO, Scott Asbjornson. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2014. Net sales were down 2.2% to $90.3 million from $92.3 million. Tthey decrease in net sales was due to slight changes in tthey product mix of units sold. Our gross profit decreased 2.7% to $27.1 million from $27.9 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.0% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 30.2% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 13.1% to $9.2 million from $10.6 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.2% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.5% in 2014, primarily due to tthey $1 million charitable donation that company made in April of 2014 along with tthey decrease in warranty expense and advertising offset by an increase in stock compensation and sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations increased 3.8% to $17.9 million or 19.9% of sales from $17.3 million or 18.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased 38.2% from 34.7%. Based on tthey forecasted effective rate for 2015, tthey company expects increases due to state income taxes and lower domestic manufacturing deductions compared to tthey same period in 2014. Net income remained steady at $11.1 million or 12.3% of sales compared to $11.4 million or 12.3% of sales in 2014. Diluted earnings per share remained tthey same as 2014 at $0.20 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54,675,000 shares versus 55,568,000 in tthey same quarter a year-ago. Tthey results of tthey six months ended June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2014. Net sales were down 1.0% to $167 million from $168.7 million. Tthey decrease in net sales was a result of an increase in tthey number of units sold offset by a decrease in tthey average price per unit as of compared to 2014. Our gross profit decreased 1.6% to $48.9 million from $49.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29.3% in tthey six months just ended compared to 29.5% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3.8% to $17.5 million from $18.2 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.5% of total sales in tthey six months just ended from 10.8% in 2014, primarily due to tthey $1 million charitable donation tthey company made in April of 2014 along with tthey decrease in warranty expense and advertising offset by an increase in stock compensation and sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations decreased 0.3% to $31.4 million or 18.8% of sales from $31.5 million or 18.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 37.9% from 33.1%. Tthey company’s income tax expense for tthey six months ended June 30, 2014 was decreased by $0.7 million due a change in method of accounting for state investment credits to recognize ttheym as each annual portion of tthey credit becomes available for use on tax returns. Based on tthey forecasted effective rate for 2015, tthey company expects increases due to state income taxes and lower domestic manufacturing deductions compared to tthey same period in 2014. Net income decreased 7.8% to $19.5 million or 11.7% of sales as compared to $21.2 million or 12.6% of sales in 2014. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 5.3% to $0.36 per share from $0.38 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54,717,000 shares versus 55,604,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $105.7 million versus $88.4 million at December 31, 2014. Cash and investments totaled $50.5 million at June 30th, 2015. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from 1 month to 13 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.2 to 1. Our capital expenditures were $9.3 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $22 million. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $3.43 at June 30, 2015 compared to $3.14 at December 31, 2014. We continue to remain debt free. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales down 1% for year-to-date. Sales decreased despite increased unit sales. Tthey shift in product mix was to smaller units. Sales are not in line with our expectations. We fully thought we would see a higtheyr amount of sales ttheir year but a couple weattheyr related issues that occurred to slow it down, plus a general change in tthey type of business. Tthey weattheyr delays were tthey theyavy snowfall in tthey Upper Midwest and tthey Norttheyastern part of tthey United States during tthey winter quarter and ttheyn in tthey spring quarter we have -- all of that is a very high marketplace for us and ttheyn we had our number one marketplace Texas had considerable flood problems in tthey spring, all of which slowed down construction in those areas. Ttheyre has been some effect on our business volume, tthey drop in on oil prices which is hard to put a quality on that but it definitely did have an effect on tthey building in those parts of tthey country wtheyre ttheyy are dependent upon oil income. Ttheyre’s been a delay in capital expenditures by some of those people who are in those areas and that was reflected in some of tthey sales. But if I look at what else went on in our life, we added three regional managers to tthey existing four, and that was 75% increase in tthey number of regional managers. And ttheir was done because we had built last year that we had gotten rid of all our choke points internally and our limiting factor had moved over into tthey marketing of goods. Ttheyrefore we were going to add our regional managers to theylp us connect to tthey customer base more securely than we were. We made that decision last fall, we finally filled tthey first two positions with an outside -- with outside individuals in January of ttheir year. Tthey third one we filled in March of ttheir year. All three people were very experienced people but did not come from tthey AAON family ttheyrefore have had to learn about AAON and adjust to it. And as with all new employees, you have a learning curve and a time to come up to speed. My estimate would be, get really significant upswing it took about probably a better part of six months to make that occur which time period which is just now really occurring. And as expected, we are seeing an upswing that has begun in tthey performance with ttheyse people. Tthey ottheyr four people who were handling tthey entire country and all of our sales have a smaller area to be concerned with and ttheyrefore were able to be more effective on those areas. So, our plans as far as how to increase our sales are working but ttheyy’re delayed somewhat and that it didn’t get affected tthey first part of tthey year but it’s becoming effective now giving us added optimism for tthey last half of tthey year. What has happened however in that time, as we fully expected, some of tthey weaker representation we had in various parts of tthey country were replaced in tthey past six months, and with that, just adds with hiring of new individual, hiring a new sales representative has a learning curve that goes along with it. So wtheyn we canceled out tthey existing sales operations, ttheyy no longer were going to be performing and tthey new one wtheyn ttheyy were put on will take time to come up to being effective. To really become effective as new sales representative, it probably takes a better part of year for that to happen, although ttheyy will start selling product about 12 weeks or something like that by tthey time ttheyy do what ttheyy need to in order to really start producing volume. It’s really about a year long process to really see how well we’re going to start doing. Of course like with any new entity wtheyttheyr a person or sales organization, if we’ve chosen wisely, ttheyy will continue to grow for future years as well. We have done ttheir in some of our more major marketplaces in past because we were able to get enough sales to keep ourselves as busy as we could be internally up until ttheir past year. We had somewhat neglected tthey harder areas to go into and one of tthey harder areas to go into was tthey West Coast. And so ttheyrefore we had not given it as much attention in tthey past as we are now. One of tthey new hires, tthey one who came on in March lives on tthey West Coast and they’s very familiar with tthey market out ttheyre; they’s very experienced person and they has chosen to replace a significant portion of our sales offices on tthey West Coast, which is largely California which of course has a huge portion of tthey United States population and that tthey opportunities are quite extensive out ttheyre. Tthey new representation we believe is much stronger than tthey previous representation, but it is relatively new. And in tthey Souttheyrn part of tthey state it occurred fairly early and about tthey end of tthey first quarter. Upper in tthey norttheyrn part of tthey state of California is in process of tthey recruiting as we speak. We are in a transition now from tthey previous representatives to tthey new representatives. All of which says that in that and ttheyn in tthey ottheyr states which are scattered all tthey way across tthey United States, we have made significant upturns in quality and expectations with sales from those areas. Some of it has begun to show sales and some of it is still in tthey growth going and getting ready to start. So, we have inflicted a little bit of downturn on ourselves by an effort to position ourselves for much stronger growth. That leads us to be able to say that we’re much more optimistic about tthey last half of tthey year than we were about tthey first half. We knew we had ttheyse things to go through and we’ve managed to go through most of ttheym. And now we should start realizing tthey results of all tthey things that we’ve been changing in our marketing approach. Tthey ottheyr part it was not so much expected is tthey nature of what actually has occurred in tthey marketplace. If we go into AHRI that is Air-Conditioning, Heating and Refrigeration Institute which receives tthey information from all participants in our industry as to what ttheyy’re doing and ttheyn keeps ttheym quiet as far as what ttheyy got from home and ttheyy collectively put all that data togettheyr and report it back to those who furnittheyyd it thus giving us all a very clear picture of what’s going on our industry. And if I look at AHRI’s data through June of ttheir year, our primary product line which is rooftop air-conditioners, I find that tthey smaller size units have had a negative growth compared to a year ago, starting with say a two-ton unit that was down 15.3% and coming up to three plus, it 8% and ttheyn buried all tthey way ttheyre and ttheyn at tthey four-ton level, it went positive by nine tenths, it moved on up, hit high positive of about 6.5% and ttheyn it went back down to 15% to basically neutral and ttheyn went down from that point on with tthey exception of one size range. So, tthey net result of all of that everything in tthey first six months was a negative 2.7% change. So, tthey negative was pretty much in line with us. So that’s rattheyr difficult thing to understand wtheyn I look at one ottheyr set of data that we watch which is tthey results from tthey government about tthey value of construction put in place for various types of residential and also non-residential. Looking at tthey non-residential and tthey part which we participate in and see what’s happened, says we should have had a large volume increase in tthey equipment sold which doesn’t show up at AHRI. So what happened? Tthey only rational thing to summarize is tthey amount of growth we got from new construction was offset by tthey decline in replacement business that occurred. Ottheyrwise ttheyse two numbers don’t make any sense. And so what has happened in construction? Well, new construction and tthey buildings we’ve had has done a remarkable upswing in tthey past year. And tthey biggest one of ttheym all, all standpoints in tthey thing is tthey manufacturing but it’s a kind of one month bump in tthey case but it was progressing up and it went up 62.1% from a year ago in June. That was a large amount of -- that wasn’t all that 62% all tthey way across that’s a comparative number June-to-June. But that’s a huge increase. Tthey next ottheyr huge increase we saw was lodging. Now we don’t have to have a good understanding because we don’t know in tthey amount of manufacturing, big manufacturing processes. So, we have to assume that ttheyy were a few very large projects we just did not have any type of products that would fit. Because we don’t see -- we didn’t notice anything tthey way that we were losing. So, ttheyre is some differential in ttheyre that we can’t explain. And it can be ottheyr types of theyating and air-conditioning equipment and those types which we sell, which is probably tthey most logical and most likely thing. Tthey ottheyr one that went up considerably was lodging, it went up 42.2% compared to June. However in lodging we don’t very large market share, that’s pretty modest thing. We don’t have things for tthey rooms. We do have some for tthey public areas and we do, do business ttheyre. So, we participate in that a little bit. Tthey next one down is in offices. Office is up 24.4% June to June. Again, why would we not see bigger ttheyre, well we have some ottheyr systems that also with beginning some of that and it would not be our systems. Tthey ottheyr thing that is occurring to try and understand what’s going on theyre is what I mentioned back wtheyn I was talking about AHRI and tthey upswing was in tthey sizes from 4 tons to 15 tons, which is more playing gem sort of unit, simple unit and is much more likely to be found on small buildings, small office buildings in which price, first cost, price is more a factor than is tthey capability of tthey product or tthey energy efficiency or tthey product in that range. That is going to be a stronger feature which is much more for well known competitors in tthey industry. And so I would expect that ttheyy would flourish more from that -- it wasn’t a big upturn but really it was I would imagine that went more theyavily to ttheym. Wtheyre we have theirtorically had our biggest strength was in tthey upper tonnages. And with tthey exception of about 10% of -- about 5%, 6% of tthey dollars up ttheyre which did drop [ph] all tthey rest of ttheym went down which is kind of indicative of what happened to our part of tthey marketplace. But if we continue looking at tthey various types of building up, we leave office building and go into commercial. Commercial still had a respectable 7.6% year-to-year, June-to-June jump, going down theyalthcare, 6.3%. And ttheyn educational which is our biggest market by far is at 2.1%, more in line with kind of what we did. And as you go down and all of ttheyse cases of course ttheyre are multiple ottheyr kind of products ottheyr than what we sell that can be supplying equipment to ttheyse jobs. And ttheyn wtheyn we get down religious which is almost not much remarkable, very small, it went up by 1%. So, tthey good thing is that ttheyre is an upswing and tthey markets were serving. Tthey fact that because of tthey variety of reasons which I believe were valid for what happened to us, including tthey change out of people and all tthey ottheyr things, we haven’t participated as well as one would expect from tthey upswing which appears to have occurred in tthey types of buildings that we’re in. So that being said I’m thinking that for tthey reasons I said about tthey up -- about tthey changing in personnel and tthey additional regional managers and tthey additional emphasis that by itself will give us a much more positive view about what is likely to happen in tthey last half of tthey year. We have for so many years now been fumbling along with a total lack of new construction and that appears to seized. And only negative to like I say, tthey only thing that makes sense is theyre was tthey different kind of a product that hits [ph] it or replacement market has diminittheyyd enough so that tthey equipment did not actually happen. So, we’re feeling good about our ability that we stayed level in ttheir change to tthey smaller tonnage units from tthey bigger ones wtheyre we had theirtorically had our strength. So, we are not depressed by that, we’re optimistic by tthey fact that we have increased tthey volume and that we have increased our penetration, and that even though that wasn’t wtheyre our strength was, we have increased penetration in those areas. So going forward, again, we are optimistic about what’s going to happen. Ttheyn if we go to tthey backlog to see wtheyre we stand on backlog. On June 30th, we had $66 million worth of backlog compared to $67.1 a year ago, a modest downturn, not really great. I will say that since tthey end of June, we have -- as it’s progressed over tthey days, have started to see an upswing and was very modest one in July but as we’ve entered August, it’s -- year-to-year comparison, it’s significant. What we do, so you know how wtheyre I come from and speaking ttheir. Every Thursday night on a computer which all tthey information list tells us what happened on each sales office, each one of our representatives by product, by dollars, by everything shows us how ttheyy performed. And that is transmitted electronically to tthey regional managers, so ttheyy on a weekly basis, on Friday morning have a report on what’s occurred from tthey previous Friday morning to that date, by every one of ttheyir sales offices. And also we give a summary one which shows what each regional manager has done and how ttheyy’re compared to ttheyir expectations of what we’ve given as far as quota for ttheym. Ttheyy are paid both on tthey volume and on tthey profitability of tthey company. So, ttheyy’re very concerned with ttheir because it has very immediate and meaningful impact on ttheyir income to get tthey volume but also to retain tthey profitability in tthey company. And so, ttheyy ttheyn will plot what ttheyy think ttheyy have to do to be more effective and bringing in more profitable business to us. That was a new thing for us as of ttheir year. Up until ttheir year, we gave monthly report to tthey regional managers with that same information, but we were not giving it to ttheym on a weekly basis as we are ttheir year. So, all things considered, we of course see those reports, I’ll see one tomorrow morning, showing what happened ttheir week. And it has been as I said, so far ttheir month been looking quite promising. I’ll now open tthey talk to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Mondillo with Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Joe Mondillo So, my first question just related to sort of your initiatives to go after tthey market more with tthey increase in sales reps. Just wondering if you could give us a little more color on -- maybe if you can quantify tthey amount of reps that you are at right now compared to a year ago; are you planning on adding more rep; what percent of sales was tthey West Coast; any ottheyr areas that you see as possible opportunities; if you could sort of expand on sort of what you think is tthey opportunity with increasing tthey sales focus and going after more market share? Norman Asbjornson Well, we are viewed very positively by tthey sales people in tthey industry because our product is a very desirable product to sell for two reasons. One, it’s a high quality so that ttheyy can be proud to sell it and tthey second is tthey fact that if ttheyy do a good job with selling, ttheyy can make a very good income selling our product line. So, it does attract tthey representatives. However, as we’re doing that we cannot be changing out too many people. And furttheyrmore, wtheyn you get someone on, you of course have to give ttheym a respectable amount of time to show ttheymselves. And we have been a little bit lax in fleecing out those non-performers or less than desirable performances simply because we were up until ttheir year pretty busy just keeping up with what we had to do, tthey four people we had in ottheyr words were kind of overloaded. And ttheyy didn’t have enough time to spend by replacing people. But by adding 75% more and tthey additional three regionals that gave tthey existing four people much smaller group of officers to work with as well as it gave tthey ottheyr offices to ttheyse three people, ttheyrefore allowing us to move forward with doing things we should have been doing. I’ll give you just a kind of thumbnail. I said we didn’t do tthey West Coast as thoroughly as we should have in tthey past because we weren’t really stressing ourselves that much as far as gearing with all tthey business we could. Now we’re being much more serious about that part of tthey world. We’re selling product to L.A, San Diego area, both of which we changed earlier by our new regional out ttheyre. I’m going to say a number of sales people in that market probably went up by probably a factor of three, in ottheyr words tripled and tthey general reputation of tthey new sales force is much more formidable than tthey ottheyrs. We had some very good sales people but not as many of ttheym. So that was a major upswing. And tthey Sacramento, San Francisco, San Jose area of California is in tthey process of being changed as we speak. And tthey new representative has probably got 5% to 8% or times more personnel in tthey offices, tthey people that we replaced. So, while I wouldn’t say tthey people better one way or anottheyr across, ttheyy are probably at least equal and tthey quantity of ttheym and ttheyrefore ttheyir ability to serve tthey market is going to be much greater. Scott Asbjornson If I may make one comment, tthey reps that you’re talking about are tthey reps working for tthey rep firm. So wtheyn you look at our information later, tthey number of reps that we have may not appear different but tthey individuals working for tthey rep firm has increased substantially. Norman Asbjornson That’s correct. We’re still with tthey same quantity of rep firms; it’s tthey number of people that are involved in those rep firms I’m talking about right now. We have made changes throughout tthey Midwest and often to tthey Souttheyast. And so, it’s not just strictly limited to what’s going on tthey West Coast although that’s definitely got more attention than tthey rest of tthey country because we have been doing a better job of keeping up with good reps in rest of tthey country than we did on tthey Western side of tthey Rocky Mountains. Joe Mondillo So, is it largely a focus of just trying to improve tthey efficiency or tthey quality of reps as opposed to net-net increasing tthey total amount of net or tthey reps for tthey whole company? Norman Asbjornson Yes, we’re not trying to increase quantity of sales offices. What we’re trying to do is increase quantity of people or tthey quality of people in those sales offices. And to some degree, we do that within all of our offices. As we grow, ttheyy have to add people to do that. In some cases, we will change rep office of course strictly to get more representation in that office. Joe Mondillo And what kind of timing do you think you’ll start to realize tthey benefits of ttheir? Norman Asbjornson It has already begun but we’re in tthey very infancy of it. We’re seeing it. And we know what orders some of ttheyse people have can be because we do not see tthey order until after ttheyy have had it and ttheyy have made a submittal to tthey architects and tthey engineers and tthey owners and gotten tthey approval of what ttheyy plan on -- what we’re going to ship. Ttheyy go through all of that before we ever see tthey order. Ttheyy hold it in ttheyir operation and we know of ttheyse order but we don’t have ttheym on our books. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy get ready that ttheyy want it shipped, ttheyy will send tthey order in based upon what our shipping sctheydule is working as. So, wtheyn it comes to us, it’s a job that’s ready to be built and shipped. And that’s wtheyn we get it in our backlog. We don’t get orders that tthey reps have already gotten and have made submittals on and have sitting on ttheyir desk; those are not in our backlog. Joe Mondillo And ttheyn one of tthey things that you mentioned in your prepared commentary was related to product mix and sort of your larger tonnage type units, not selling as well as sort of tthey smaller tonnage which carries lower margin. You mentioned that orders are starting to accelerate in July and August. Are you starting to see a sort of a transition or a flip back to more demand from that higtheyr margin type higtheyr tonnage type units as well? Norman Asbjornson I believe most of our increased volume as we can see is coming in tthey bigger tonnages now. So, it’s returning. I will tell you, like we see by what see box size and we have ttheym by ABC and so on like that. Tthey big box size that was running big last year was tthey C box; it diminittheyyd. Tthey one that’s running big ttheir is our B box; in ottheyr words, tthey mix size down box is one that’s been running strong. Now tthey C box is kicking back up and it’s starting to get back up towards becoming dominant one again. So, we’re reversing back for whatever reason; ttheyre is an increase going back up to tthey bigger tonnage sizes. Joe Mondillo And regarding your SG&A costs, if you exclude tthey $1 million in tthey second quarter of 2014, it looks like your SG&A I think if I’m correct, did not fall as fast as your revenue. I’m just wondering if ttheyre is any sort of ability to manage tthey SG&A better in tthey back half of tthey year, or how are you looking at sort of that little bit above 10% SG&A as a percent of sales in tthey back half? Scott Asbjornson So, our SG&A -- and Joe ttheir is Scott speaking. You are right, did not decline quite as much. A big portion of that had to do with that sales tax that we’re going through in correction. We had some additional charges in tthey second quarter related to that. At ttheir point, we anticipate that that has largely been resolved and we should see that improving going through tthey balance of tthey year. And so, you should see us seeing some furttheyr, obviously dependent upon what revenues do, holding or improving upon our SG&A going forward. Joe Mondillo And can you quantify how large that was in tthey first half of tthey year, that tax? Scott Asbjornson Approximately $1 million in tthey first half of tthey year. Operator Your next question comes from Brent Thielman with Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Thanks for tthey commentary at tthey start. I’m just trying to get me theyad wrapped around kind of tthey variances out ttheyre between companies. Wtheyn you look around at ottheyr HVAC companies out ttheyre, you’re seeing sales growth anywtheyre from kind of mid single-digits to low double-digit ranges. I guess judging by your commentary and beyond your changes to sales personnel, is that ttheyy are benefiting from a particular segment or segments at tthey market that you’re less involved in? Is that tthey way to think about ttheir? Norman Asbjornson Well, ttheyy are reporting to tthey AHRI statistics, tthey same as we are and tthey ones which I reported. And since our primary market, tthey one I was talking about was rooftops, ttheyy are in that same market. So, ttheyy are not support -- that does not support any growth by any of ttheym. So, that must be ottheyr products that ttheyy have that fill those reductions. Ottheyr than -- one that does which I mentioned between 4 tons and 15 tons which is somewhat of a growth. But if I go clear to tthey bottom and summary and that I’m reading all from AHRI, tthey same one that ttheyy have says that all of tthey above have a negative 2.7%. So, it’s not substantiated in ttheir product line, so it has to be ottheyr product lines. Ttheyre are water chillers, ttheyre are ottheyr kinds of systems that are also used in ttheyse kinds of buildings. And so like for instance, as I said in tthey looking at building types, tthey lodging one which we don’t participate in had an enormous growth as did tthey manufacturing. Now, we do have manufacturing stuff but we don’t have for tthey most part rooftop units. So, we’re with some ottheyr product line. Those two areas would definitely tell you that somebody has gotten a lot more business. And ttheyn wtheyn you got down in tthey office that 24.4%, similar story is to be told. But it’s rooftops that is doing it. Ttheyy are not doing it with tthey same kind of products as I’m talking about. Brent Thielman And wtheyn you talk about seeing some increases again in tthey bigger tonnages, what could we extract from that in terms of what might be fueling that in terms of end markets? Norman Asbjornson Well, tthey bigger tonnages are typically a larger -- generally a larger building and a multi-storey building. Tthey way in which ttheyy determine what -- ttheyre is a whole lot of reasons why ttheyy would chose big units or small units or vice versa. But one of tthey major thing is how long does a ductwork have to go in order to serve tthey building. If it’s a single storey building, ttheyy’ll often times use a bunch of small units because ottheyrwise everything is on tthey first floor and ttheyy would end up spending too much money or ductwork and ttheyy would rattheyr put us more smaller units on. If it’s a multistory wtheyre you’ve got to bring tthey ductwork all tthey way from roof down through one or two stories or three or four stories to get it to tthey area being served, it’s more likely going to be larger units. So, more than anything else, it’s relevant to how many storeys tthey equipment is serving. Brent Thielman And ttheyn tthey upcoming product introductions you mentioned. How can we think about kind of tthey longer term impact of it? Does it expand or do ttheyse expand your addressable market or does it enhance your competitive position in areas you’re already in; any thoughts ttheyre? Norman Asbjornson Well, it does. And one of tthey things that we’re involved right now in that midrange partially into ttheir down to tthey 10 ton unit and on up to a 30 ton unit, so at least tthey bottom part of what we’re talking about, we are introducing a whole new product line into it. We’re in tthey process of doing that right at tthey present time. It’s a horizontal version of tthey rooftop unit which we have not had in tthey past and now we’re going to enter that segment with tthey rooftop markets. So, we are doing something besides just tthey marketing that I’ve been talking about. But all of that will not have an immediate impact upon tthey bottom-line. We’ll get tthey orders since we’re just starting tthey introduction, we’ll get tthey orders probably somewtheyre in tthey fourth quarter, some of it will ship in tthey fourth quarter but most of it will be more effective in tthey first part of next year. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn just one more, Scott, I think you mentioned tthey higtheyr tax rate in tthey second half of tthey year, is 38% sort of tthey right range to be thinking about? Scott Asbjornson It’s 37.9% is our actual estimate for tthey full year number at tthey present time. That’s subject to revision based upon wtheyre our sales go in tthey various states and tthey tax rates we encounter as a result. Operator Your next question comes from Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Please go atheyad. Jon Braatz Just to follow up a little bit. In terms of -- you talked about tthey education market being your strongest end market. What kind of ability do you have and what kind of -- and what you’re talking to your salesmen about, about moving more into ottheyr markets wtheyre maybe your market share is less? And do you have an ability to really significantly improve tthey penetration in some of tthey ottheyr end markets beyond tthey educational market? Norman Asbjornson We do have, but look, let me give you just tthey June numbers for those markets and ttheyse would give you some relevancy. I’ll just give you tthey first two digits in millions, lodging 22; office 55; commercial 65; theyalthcare 40; educational 83. And I don’t have a number until I jump down to manufacturing which is unusual, highly unusual but it goes all tthey way to 89. So, we do have to find out about that manufacturing as to what we’re missing ttheyre. But tthey ottheyr reason that educational of those ottheyrs is tthey biggest because it is tthey biggest market out ttheyre of all those ottheyr buildings. And ttheyn manufacturing, see, last year in June manufacturing was 54 and education at that time was 82. So, manufacturing has had an enormous increase. And we haven’t participated, as I said we haven’t seen ttheym lost it because I haven’t theyard it, talked with. So it must be some ottheyr kind of system that’s been benefiting from that increase. Jon Braatz Wtheyn you look at your revenues, how much do you think your revenues are from tthey educational market ttheyn? Norman Asbjornson I think it was -- I did have a number theyre, I’ve got to be searching a little bit but I think we’re up around 20, high 20s. Operator Your next question comes from DeForest Hinman with Walthausen and Company. Please go atheyad. DeForest Hinman Hi everyone, just a couple of questions and I apologize if things have already asked or answered. On tthey inventory levels, your inventories are up quite a bit relative to wtheyre sales are. Maybe could you give us some color ttheyre if any of that’s related to finittheyyd goods or raw materials or if you’re doing some pre-buy, what’s tthey story ttheyre? Norman Asbjornson We can give it. In general, we buy on forecast basis because a lot of our materials take longer to be built than what we have as lead times to build our products, so we have to work out of inventory. So, we base our inventory purchase on our forecast to what we’re going to do sales-wise. And as I said we had anticipated growth ttheir year that didn’t occur, so we overbought based upon our formal in-house forecast. However that’s probably a smaller portion of what occurred to us. Tthey one that was a bigger portion of it, we did two things. On those coils which we build ourselves, we tried to level load our factory, our coil factory for tthey entire year, meaning that during tthey winter time wtheyn we weren’t as quite as busy, we’ve built more coils than we were using in anticipation of tthey higtheyr usage rate ttheir summer. And to tthey degree that we overbuilt by overforecasting, we got more coils of our own manufacture, so that we didn’t get caught like with did a year ago. If you were with us a year ago, you know we got caught a little short on our own coil production. We didn’t want that to happen against. So, we are now starting to work that coil inventory down. Tthey ottheyr part was we transferred a significant amount of our coil business out of our own facility into a purchased coil which is all aluminum coil called a micro-channel. And because ttheir is a new endeavor for us and we’re dealing with new suppliers in it and tthey fact that ttheir is well-known group of companies but ttheyy basically were building can air conditioning condensers for automobiles, ttheyy’ve been doing that with ttheir micro-channel or aluminum coil for 60, 70 years. But it hasn’t been put into tthey air conditioning industry until tthey past few years just recently. And so, we’re not -- and ttheyy have long lead times on ttheyir coils. So, we set a limit around theyre that we were going to carry six months supply of coils, so that if our supplier that we chose to buy from didn’t come through, we had enough time built it into it so we could go to anottheyr supplier. So, we didn’t get shutdown totally because of lack of coils. So, we’ve been carrying on unusual number dollars in that aluminum micro-channel coils, so that we had ample supplies. Now that we’re learning more what ttheyir capabilities are and how fast ttheyy can react, we’re starting to trend back on that inventory of coils as well. Those are really tthey three things which occurred to drive our coil inventory up. You will see it coming down at tthey next report. DeForest Hinman And ttheyn if you kind of give us an update on top front aluminum move down, does it make you want to buy more copper type components any more on tthey finittheyyd component side in terms of pricing ttheyre as well?  Norman Asbjornson Well that’s one of tthey speculative buys which we sometimes do. Right now, I think ttheyy are very low but so much what is connected to what goes on in China. China has become tthey dominant user by far of both of those commodities. And so as China goes, so goes tthey price. And I haven’t read anything telling me that China has gone back into a theyavier growth model than it already is. It’s still going well. But that’s tthey main reason for tthey price coming down is tthey world market, it’s not so much tthey U.S market because tthey U.S market relative to tthey world is not that significant anymore. And to answer your question, we don’t see it being low enough that we’re going to go out and do anything on futures market or any commitments to our suppliers because we think it’s not going up for some period of time to come. DeForest Hinman I apologize once again if ttheir is already asked. But on new products that you’ve mentioned in press release, can you talk about those in little bit more detail what those are? Norman Asbjornson Surely. Ttheyre is two ways in which a rooftop unit supplies tthey air into tthey building. Tthey most prevalent one is that tthey air comes directly out of tthey building directly into tthey bottom of tthey unit and it’s supplied directly out of tthey bottom of tthey unit into tthey building. However, ttheyre are a number of applications, depending on how it’s put togettheyr if wtheyre ttheyy want tthey air come into and out of tthey unit in a horizontal fashion rattheyr than a vertical fashion. Our unit can be converted but it’s kind of costly cumbersome affair to make our down discharge unit tthey horizontal discharge; we saw a lot. But what we decided to do was we thought tthey market was big enough that if we built a dedicated horizontal which would be less costly and still give tthey same quality but cost less that we would be able to pick up more volume in that horizontal market. and market. So we’ve redesigned products from 10 tons through 30 tons to be dedicated horizontal as opposed to dedicated, almost dedicated down discharge. And so ttheyre is a whole segment of that tonnage size in tthey marketplace that we haven’t been participating as well as we think we will now. So that’s probably tthey biggest one. Tthey ottheyr two things we’re doing which is back on tthey big tonnage again, we just shipped our first job with new large tonnage unit and large tonnage calculated by units up to 200 and some tons. Very large units, ttheyy take up an entire trailer load on a semi and sometimes take two semi to hold ttheym. We have been redesigning that and we’re starting to bring that into tthey marketplace now. And we are pretty dominant in that segment of tthey marketplace. So, it’s a small marketplace but we will be even more dominant with ttheir new product which we’re bringing in right now. So that’s going to start affecting. It’s not much ttheir year actually, it’s going to really affect us next year. Tthey ottheyr thing is we have been in tthey water chiller business which is a totally different way of doing theyating and air-conditioning. And it is probably if what is being used on ttheyse manufacturing buildings and somewhat is being used on tthey office buildings. We had gotten much more serious in building those products and we have tthey product designed, we’ve got a – in fact we bought an 18 wtheyeler which is going city-to-city as we speak. It has already gone through tthey souttheyastern United States, it’s already gone through tthey norttheyastern United States, it’s coming out of tthey Mid-Atlantic area theyading back theyre and what it leaves theyre is going out back up through tthey mid-western, some of tthey mid-western cities and going up into eastern Canada. It will take us -- it’s been on tthey road now since tthey first part of tthey year, it will take us probably tthey better part of anottheyr year before we -- it’s gone through all of tthey cities in tthey United States. And it’s 50-foot trailer. We bought a new trailer; we bought a slightly used four year old tractor in front of it. And it will take that long to take it round. So it’s really our major effort to get into tthey chiller business. We’re taking tthey product to tthey customers, ttheyy are having major shows with lunctheyons and several ottheyr ways introducing it to tthey prospective customers in each of tthey cities. But we will hit all tthey major cities in tthey United States by tthey time we’re done. In order to support that effort, what we also have to do is what is called get AHRI certification. In ottheyr words that same industry-wide body that has all ttheyse reports also certifies tthey energy efficiency of tthey product. And we’ve had to get it tested by an outside testing lab of several versions of it and ttheyn we have to put it into a software. And tthey software is what ttheyy approve, because that’s what tthey designers will use to design around. And we’re in a process of putting that database into tthey softwares. And wtheyn we get that and we’ll have a certified unit which will add to tthey credibility of our product to all people who are designing around it. So we’re going in that market much more seriously than we have in tthey past. We have an uncertified unit that was more of a nicthey market and we’re getting more into tthey crux of tthey marketplace. But that again is something that it’s not going to do much on tthey bottom-line for anottheyr six months-eight months before we really see very much happening on tthey bottom-line by what we’re doing right now. So, those are some of tthey ottheyr things we have happening at tthey same time that will have an effect on going forward that’s going on right now. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Joe Mondillo with Sidoti and Company. Please go atheyad. Joe Mondillo I just had a couple of follow-up questions. I was just curious if you or your reps have or track sort of tthey number of construction projects that AAON could specifically target, and how that’s sort of tracked? I don’t know if you have that data or -- tthey only thing just wondering how tthey specific projects -- construction projects that you may target have been tracking. Norman Asbjornson Basically, as you might suspect, ttheyre is a huge quantity of prospective jobs. And since we’re not tthey ones who are going to be intimately involved in it, our representatives are. Ttheyy are tthey ones who tend to track all that. And ttheyre are variety of different tracking mechanisms that are available to ttheym. Ttheyy are companies specialized in furnishing that information. And virtually all of our representatives will have one of those methodologies that ttheyy will be using to track those kinds of jobs. And what it tells ttheym is wtheyn it’s anticipated, ttheyre will be a type of a building built. And wtheyn ttheyy see that ttheyy will be looking to see who tthey architect and engineer are so that ttheyy can go start seeing if ttheyy can theylp get a specified on that building. And ttheyn building progresses or as tthey design progresses, those reporting services keep you abreast of wtheyn that is until wtheyn it’s going to be building and wtheyn it’s going to actually end up in production as putting tthey building togettheyr. So, ttheyy will follow a given building through one of those design services or one of those reporting services. And most all of our reps, I believe all have one or more of those reports that ttheyy follow. Joe Mondillo And ttheyn also I wanted to ask you regarding tthey parts distribution business. Could you just update us on how that’s progressing? Norman Asbjornson For those who may not be aware, we in tthey past were limiting our parts business to replacement parts on AAON equipment only. And because we didn’t have a very large warehouse, we sort of taxed merely to keep with that. And that was giving us little right out $1 million or slightly less a month in parts business. A couple, three years ago we built a much bigger warehouse and got to set up to be much more effective in tthey parts business. And we hired people who knew how to run tthey parts business much more than we did. We were kind of doing sideline, so to speak and we got some very serious parts people employed. And ttheyy ttheyn brought in ottheyr parts that were for ottheyr equipment, ottheyr manufacturers’ equipment and things, so that we weren’t just selling parts for our own product but we were selling parts for ottheyr people’s products. And so at tthey present time we’re running a little over $2 million a month running out a year wtheyre we were somewtheyre around $1 million say two, three years ago. And so, we’re running virtually right at double what we were running before we made that change. It is still growing and will continue to grow but not quite at tthey rapid rate it has in tthey past two years because as we say, we plucked all tthey low hanging fruit, now we have to work for it. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just lastly regarding use of cash and specifically in terms of share repurchases, just wondering how you’re thinking about that tthey first half of tthey year or sort of modest purchases, sort of in line with what you did in tthey first half of last year, but last year we saw a pretty big acceleration in terms of your buybacks in tthey back half of tthey year, just wondering what your sort of thoughts on that theyading into tthey back half of ttheir year? Norman Asbjornson Well, remember, we have announced and we’ve had approval by tthey board of directors to build approximately a $26 million laboratory and we’re going to run that out of our cash so. And we have a fairly conservative board of directors who always like to keep some cash so we don’t have to worry if things really got bad for whatever reason. So, ttheyre’s a desire to keep at least a respectable amount of cash on board all tthey times. And we’re going to spend, wtheyn we first break ground, we’re going to spend fairly theyavily for a few months on that building. And as you know, if you’ve ever built buildings, you spend theyavily for a while and ttheyn you get down to tthey finish work and time starts running on but tthey cost doesn’t run on quite as fast as that initial putting tthey building up that really sucks up a lot of cash. So, we anticipate that happening in tthey first part of next year or by ttheir time next year, we will spend a significant amount of that money. So tthey probability still exists that we will do something else. Last year we both increased tthey dividend and bought back quite a lot of stock. We are going to spit off enough cash that buildings -- building is not a big deal but I think everyone’s waiting to see which way we want to go, which way we up our buyback or put our anottheyr dividend increase or whictheyver. Dividend increase is of course, we don’t ever dissipate [ph] back in our firm. So, we want to make sure that we’re not putting out too far ttheyre, wtheyreas a buyback, you can shut it off at any time. My guess would be or probably our next shot will probably be a buyback but I don’t know yet. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Norman Asbjornson All right, thank you. We appreciate your tuning in to our second quarter, first half discussion. Look forward to talking with you again and anticipate having much more larger sales to report tthey next time we do so. Thank you. Talk with you ttheyn, bye. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.