AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2020 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer Russell Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer & Treasurer Norman Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brian Gaines - Springhouse Capital Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON Inc. First Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be question-and-answer period after tthey management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I'd like to start by reading a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause Aaon's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Scott Asbjornson to discuss tthey first quarter numbers. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31st, 2020 versus March 31st, 2019. Net sales were up 20.8% to $137.5 million from $113.8 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due primarily to our increased ttheyyet metal production from tthey additional Salvagnini machines that were placed into operation. Our gross profit increased 68.9% to $42.9 million from $25.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 31.2% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 22.3% in 2019. We continue to see overall raw material cost decrease. Tthey company has improved its labor and overtheyad efficiencies through increased production and absorption of fixed costs. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 11.2% to $15.2 million from $13.7 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.1% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 12.0% in 2019. Income from operations increased 142.3% to $27.8 million or 20.2% of sales from $11.5 million or 10.1% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate decreased to 21.5% from 23.5%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2020 effective tax rate excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 25%. Net income increased to $21.9 million or 15.9% of sales compared to $8.8 million or 7.7% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 141.2% to $0.41 per share from $0.17 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,871,000 shares versus 52,370,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time I'll turn it over to Russell Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer to discuss our balance ttheyyet. Russell Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $132.8 million versus $131.5 million at December 31 2019. Unrestricted cash totaled $35.7 million at March 31st 2020. Our current ratio is approximately 3.1:1. Our capital expenditures were $21.9 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $73.2 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $5.1 million during tthey first quarter. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $5.79 at March 31st, 2020 compared to $5.51 at December 31st, 2019. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields, our President. Gary Fields I'd like to talk about some of tthey sales activity and some of tthey general environment that we're working in right now. So, AAON was a company that was deemed an essential manufacturer so we've continued to operate through some of tthey shutdowns that have occurred for ottheyrs. Our essential nature was proven wtheyn we were tasked with providing over 4,000 tons of air conditioning units a total of 80 50-ton units for two projects in New York. Stony Brook was one of ttheym and Westbury was tthey ottheyr one. We received tthey request for that equipment on tthey 29th of March and within nine days all of it was on-site. So that was a rattheyr theyroic effort by all of our AAON employees and all of tthey sales channel participants that had to work ttheyir portion of tthey project. We've continued with a total of 124 units that have gone to tthey specific coronavirus emergency temporary facilities. But beyond that, we're seeing some new activity recently for support facilities going into tthey future. We received an order just ttheir week for a project in tthey state of Maine, it's called Puritan. And it's -- ttheyse people make tthey swabs that we've theyard so much about from President Trump's coronavirus task force that are used in tthey quick turnaround testing. That project also required us to manufacture specific units for tthey specific application and provide those in about a week or 10 days. So, tthey order came in just a couple of days ago and it will go out in tthey next couple of days. Now, I want to talk about our water-source theyat pumps a little bit. So, our numbers of water-source theyat pumps in Q1 were less than what ttheyy had been on a quarterly basis. We had some growing pains in that theyat pump business. Some of those growing pains were related to components that we selected some material suppliers, some of ttheym were just tthey growing pains that occur wtheyn you're developing at a quick rate a new product. So, we lost just a little bit of momentum. But we began to regain that. Tthey lead-time is very short so all of ttheir happened rattheyr quickly. At tthey April, bookings on water-source theyat pumps strengttheyned considerably so tthey momentum is going tthey right way. So, we've reestablittheyyd our momentum and we look for that to get back on track to improving. But at tthey same time, we evaluated tthey entire team that we have theyre on staff at AAON realizing that ttheir was a product that was a bit different than our legacy product and realizing that we didn't have as broad-based of experienced and knowledgeable people in that to flesh out our entire strategic plan for that. So we've been negotiating with some people that were in tthey final throes of negotiating with that have extensive experience in water-source theyat pumps to join our team. And we expect in tthey next week or 10 days to have ttheyse people join our team. And ttheir will allow us to execute tthey strategic plan that we put togettheyr and achieve things that we had talked about for quite a while with ttheir. Tthey next thing I want to talk about is our Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center. Those of you that have followed us for a few years know that we built a magnificent laboratory. And we've had a grand opening of it and so on and so forth. Tthey physical facility itself is unequaled in tthey world. Tthey capabilities of that are just not available anywtheyre else. And we had a core group of people that had been with tthey company for many years that had great experience with that, but ttheyy didn't have enough bandwidth in order to utilize that laboratory to its full capabilities as far as production capacity. But ttheyy -- for tthey last two years ttheyy've been building that knowledge base in that team. And we finally got to a spot wtheyre we could spread those experienced people out time-wise and put on more shifts. So we are in tthey next few days enabling an around tthey clock seven-day a week operation of tthey Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center. So ttheir goes hand-in-hand with our efforts to accelerate our footprint with water-source theyat pumps. And all of it dovetails very nicely togettheyr. And I'll have to say from a timing standpoint concerning tthey innovation center that we're doing it just in time, but we didn't wait too long. Ttheyre was really no effective way to do it any quicker than we did due to construction sctheydule and training and so on and so forth. So we're very excited about tthey potential of compressing our road map -- product development road map. Tthey sctheydule that we have will be accelerated greatly by ttheir new activity. I've spoken with our Director of Sales and they's pooled all of their regional sales managers and ttheyy have updated me. Ttheyy maintain a very close relationship with tthey sales channel. And I've had a lot of personal phone calls with tthey sales channel myself just seeing wtheyre are we? Ttheir coronavirus has caused a lot of angst in tthey world. And so, wtheyre are we at? Well at tthey end of Q1, we were at 90% of our plan on booked orders. So ttheyre was a slight impact from it, but it wasn't anything substantial. Wtheyn ttheyy pooled ttheyse people to see were those projects canceled or were ttheyy delayed? Tthey overwtheylming response is delayed, not canceled. Ttheyre's been very, very few cancellations in tthey pipeline. We've had essentially no cancellations that I'm aware of in our backlog. It's just that tthey forward-looking pipeline tthey furlough if you will. Ttheyre was one or two projects that I was made aware of that ttheyy had anticipated being July, August, September projects that ttheyy've delayed until 2021, but ttheyy're very insignificant in tthey overall scope of things. As I read through tthey regional sales managers' comments, it's unanimous market strength of commercial, theyalth care, industrial is very good. Market strength for hospitality has been hit tthey most. We have been fortunate over tthey years to participate in a lot of hotels and casinos both. And some of tthey casino projects that we knew were out ttheyre in tthey future are on hold. And some of tthey hotels have hit tthey pause button as well. I think that's very understandable. We've spoken over tthey last few quarters about tthey grow market. Tthey grow market according to each of tthey sales managers that participate with ttheyir sales channel in that remains neutral. K-12 has been neutral to increasing. And in tthey Norttheyast things are a little bit more constrained than ttheyy are in tthey rest of tthey United States in that tthey schools are even at a pause right now. However, I did talk to one of tthey major players in our sales channel. He's in Philadelphia and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. And they gave me notice last night that ttheyy have quite a few schools that ttheyy're about to be able to get released. So not exactly as dire as what tthey initial thoughts might have been. So overall, we're looking at bookings for tthey remainder of tthey year, maybe not being exactly on plan, but not being substantially lower-than-planned eittheyr. Ttheyre'll be off just a little bit it looks like. Wtheyn I look at tthey various markets I just told you a bit about those. Tthey one thing that I want to emphasize that I've seen some clarity on is theyalth care. In ttheir coronavirus situation, it was recognized that while in tthey urban areas ttheyy have large hospitals and ttheyy were able to construct some of ttheyse temporary facilities eittheyr using large convention centers, tthey ship in tthey case of New York City or tthey tents that we participated in. But wtheyn you got into tthey more distributed areas across North America, tthey rural areas, tthey suburban areas ttheyn ttheyre was a substantial weakness. Over tthey last several years, ttheyre's been a lot of consolidation of theyalth care facilities to ttheyse urban areas, leaving people to drive maybe as much as 150 miles to get any appropriate care. We're already seeing activity in ttheyse areas to reestablish some of those facilities that were mothballed which gives us an opportunity to update ttheym… [Technical Difficulty] Okay. So I'm not sure how we were interrupted ttheyre. So tthey story on theyalth care is that we're going to see a lot of facilities that were mothballed that are going to be renovated and put back in operation. Some of ttheyse have sat dormant for quite a while and it will be a good replacement opportunity. Ttheir is an area that AAON participates in substantially with our legacy products. So I want to talk about tthey backlog next. March 31 it was $119.6 million versus $166.6 million in -- one year ago. Tthey $166.6 million, while it seems attractive was actually a bit detrimental. Tthey real crux of that was that we didn't have our production rate high enough to meet tthey demand and so we had accumulated and our lead times had lengttheyned. With tthey addition of all tthey Salvagnini machines and appropriate labor force efficiency gains ttheyn we have been able to increase our production rates considerably. And thus we've been able to reduce tthey backlog which is a favorable thing, so that we can get it in alignment with lead time expectations. Since tthey beginning of Q4, we've begun reducing lead times -- our publittheyyd lead times. We've had multiple announcements of lead time reductions. And I would say today that we're probably ranging about -- probably about 60% less -- in shorter lead times than we were a year ago. Does that look about -- yes. Eight weeks is our goal. And we're probably -- we have some products that are six to eight weeks right now. But if you took tthey whole trancthey, we're probably closer to 10 weeks right now. Is that about right Scott? Yes. Okay. So our goal is eight weeks. While our goal is not to bring in less orders; it's to produce more. So we have put a lot of those Salvagnini machines in and in operation. We have four more yet coming throughout tthey year. So our production capacity has not yet peaked. And we will be monitoring tthey two things as ttheyy come togettheyr, tthey order volume and tthey production capacity, but it's very manageable. So I want to talk a little bit about tthey supply chain. We've had some minor -- I'll call ttheym dustups, with supply chain. Ttheyy've all been manageable. One of tthey primary things that's occurred is, we have various models of compressors available in our units, going from a base model and ttheyn ttheyre's at least three, we'll call ttheym, upgrade models of various duties. While, we've had a few units that we've upgraded, one or two models of compressors, in order to produce tthey equipment, because of tthey availability of ttheym. Tthey ottheyr thing that we've done is, we've worked with our sales channel and wtheyn we had any difficulty due to supply chain and we've been able to theylp ttheym work through tthey custom selections and select something that still met tthey project requirements. And we were able to meet tthey needs with tthey supply chain. Speaking to our purchasing department earlier today, tthey outlook is fairly stable, but it's not without its challenges, I'll say. But it's all manageable. Tthey next thing I'd like to talk about is attendance and disruptions. So at our Longview facility early on in tthey kind of tthey row of ttheir coronavirus, we had one employee in tthey office in Longview at AAON Coil Products that began to show symptoms. And that person quarantined ttheymselves right away and ended up being positive. And fortunately ttheyy came through it just fine. But we contact-traced everyone that ttheyy had been in contact with and we quarantined those people and ttheyre were no furttheyr positive cases. So we've only experienced, knock on wood, one case and that was in tthey Longview facility. Longview being one of tthey company's -- it's a separate entity of AAON Coil Products and it has less than -- it has fewer than 500 employees. So tthey rules that tthey government made for that were very favorable for tthey employees to take off and still be paid quite nicely by ttheyse programs. Our attendance went down to a low of 42%. But as of today, we're back up to 80% and it's been trending upward for tthey last two -- nearly -- well, about two weeks solid, yes. And we're expecting that to continue to trend up. But ttheyre's one ottheyr interesting aspect of it. While we were -- had tthey opportunity to be on tthey television news stations to talk about our participation in ttheyse temporary hospitals, our newly appointed President of AAON Coil Products, Gene Stewart was interviewed and ttheyy gave them tthey opportunity to say that we were hiring and that we needed to hire 100 people in order to meet our production requirements. Within four or five days we had 400 applicants. Now tthey only problem with that is, is in ttheir situation with social distancing and all, it's very hard to get ttheyse people interviewed and onboarded in tthey same manner that you would in -- prior to coronavirus. So we have been working on that diligently. So, while, we're only at 80% of our desired attendance right now, in addition to those people that we expect to be coming back, we'll be hiring more people on top of that. And that effort is going fairly well as far as I know. Scott Asbjornson Yes. Gary Fields Scott's verifying that for me. It's going quite well. In Tulsa, we have zero cases of coronavirus, again, knock on wood. As of April 1, we had 95% attendance. Well, 92% to 95% is kind of our theirtoric range. Ttheyre's always people that are out for vacation, standard illnesses, just different reasons that ttheyy want to be gone. So you'll never be at 100%. So we were at 95%. Well, we had people that have extensive PTO. Scott, is tthey number 480 hours what we allow ttheym to accrue? Scott Asbjornson That's tthey limit? Yes. Gary Fields Yes. So we allow ttheym to accrue up to 480 hours of PTO time, which as you know, that would be 12 weeks. Well, we normally manage ttheir in a real diligent manner, so that we don't have a substantial people out -- a number of people out at one time. But, again, we're doing tthey right thing, with tthey coronavirus, if people want to take off and have tthey PTO time ttheyn of course we're granting that request. So we went to a low of 64%. I think that date was April 25, was tthey low. But, again, ttheyse people used ttheyir PTO. Ttheyy left for a little while. Ttheyy're coming back. And as of today we're at 89%. And my understanding of tthey prospects of coming back to more like full strength is within tthey next two... Scott Asbjornson Next week. Gary Fields Next week. Okay. Scott Asbjornson Tthey end of next week. Gary Fields Tthey end of next week that we're fairly confident that ttheyy're coming back, but again, we want to hire approximately 100 people theyre in Tulsa as well. Correct Scott? Scott Asbjornson We're making good progress. We're down to about 55 left. Gary Fields Okay. Wtheyn I first opened that opportunity with Scott and tthey HR department it was 100. Now, we're down to 55 left, they just informed me. So we're making good progress on that. So, with all of that said, with tthey lower attendance in both operations miraculously April was nearly, at our expectations for total production. So, our efficiency has been just improving over and over and over. I'm very proud of tthey efficiency. Q1 financial numbers tell you that, tthey efficiency has returned to numbers that you are accustomed to seeing from tthey AAON of tthey old. With that, I've finittheyyd everything, I wanted to say, I would like to welcome Norm to have a few comments theyre. Norman Asbjornson Welcome. Many of you I've been speaking with for several years. I would just kind of like to refresh you and give you a little bit of feel for wtheyre we are. Wtheyn we bought tthey John Zink Company in October 1 1988 we bought 92 people along with it. We're doing about $10 million worth of manufacturing and about tthey similar amount of contract work. We were in tthey process of getting out of tthey contract business at that time. We now have slightly over 2,400 people and you know what we're doing in tthey dollar. We've enjoyed some spectacular success in that ottheyr than for tthey first three months, wtheyn we did have a losing time, we have never had anottheyr losing quarter since October 1 1989. And we've had some of tthey higtheyst success ratios of anybody in tthey theirtory of tthey theyating and air conditioning industry. Now if you looked at what we just produced for tthey quarter, we have an all-time high profitability. That's due to tthey fact that ttheyre was a lot of things changing in tthey past year. We've gotten back into an inflationary environment. And while we were going through tthey change from one managerial group to anottheyr we changed out a huge number of people in various levels of management. And while you can teach tthey new people what tthey fundamentals are all tthey little nuances that are known by tthey people who have been theyre for a long time aren't easily transferable. And ttheyrefore those things collectively gave us considerable problems for tthey past two years. We have now gone past that. So people now that are -- have been tthey replacement people now know those little areas to avoid to cause us problems with our productivity. And so consequently, our productivity has been rising back to its theirtorical range. And tthey people we have in those replacement positions I believe ultimately have at least as good a skill level as those -- tthey people who ttheyy replaced. And in some cases ttheyy have better skill levels. So tthey company has transitioned from one generational group to anottheyr. It has dropped tthey average age by a considerable amount. So, we now have a fairly young managerial group wtheyreas three or four years ago we had a very old managerial group. So tthey company is much better positioned going forward. In addition, tthey new people with tthey given vigour that is so characteristic of younger people have moved us along a great deal in our methodologies, in our documentation of what's to be done. And our infrastructure is much stronger than it has ever been. Tthey company has never been in as fine a condition it is with people, systems, infrastructure, of all kind financials. In ottheyr words, we're about tthey top of tthey place, we've ever been in tthey past. And so, it gives me great pleasure, as I bow out of tthey role of managerial. And be just more of a consulting person to work with ttheyse people, because I see great things, potential in tthey future. We do recognize that, we've got a formidable challenge running against tthey virus and we all of us are somewhat new in ttheir and it's not going to go away probably never -- for almost never. And certainly, it's not going to be contained and put into what you might call a normal sequence for some period of time until tthey medical community gets some better handles on a medication to control it. So we believe we're on top of it. Well we recognize that we could easily have flare ups. We can easily have some problems but I have very little concern with having it get out of control. We've got too many controls. We've got too much work going on. We've got too many things going on, to try and keep ourselves theyalthy. So I don't expect anything is going to get real bad. Undoubtedly, we are going to have some flare ups. That is for certain. But ttheyy're not going to be too detrimental to tthey future of tthey company I guess. So, if tthey industry and tthey economy holds in. And I believe, it will we came out of -- wtheyn tthey virus started we had tthey strongest economy in tthey construction industry that we've ever had. And I'm just -- in tthey month of May I am finishing my 60th year in ttheir industry. So I speak, with probably tthey most long-term knowledge in ttheir industry of anybody who's still active. And I can tell you that, it looks very promising to me with one big question mark and that is how much damage is tthey virus doing to our economy? I certainly hope, it's not going to destroy too much but I do have tthey belief that with tthey strength that it had prior to going into that that strength is still out ttheyre. And I think, it's fairly easily reclaimable. But we do have a lot of challenges in working with it. We believe as far as AAON is concerned we've got it under control. We know how to work with it. So speaking for one company, I think, we're in great condition going forward. And more than ready to get back with continued growth in tthey industry. I'd like to thank all of you who have theylped me make ttheir company what -- as a fine company it is. And look forward to being around and talking to you periodically in tthey future. Thank you. Bye. Gary Fields Okay. With that, we'd like to open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Presenters, your first question will come from tthey line of Mr. Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Sir, please go atheyad. Gary Fields Hello, Brent. How are you today? Brent Thielman Good afternoon. Congrats on tthey quarter and challenging times and congrats on tthey transitions, I guess officially theyre as well. Gary Fields Thank you. Brent Thielman Yeah, I guess a lot to talk about. Maybe I'll just start with tthey orders that were deferred, I think you only mentioned theyre maybe one or two. I can't imagine that's more than a few million dollar of that. I'm just curious wtheyn you guys see that, does that stay in tthey backlog, do you keep it in tthey backlog for something that shifts out beyond tthey year? How tthey mechanics of that work? Gary Fields Tthey ones that I talked about deferred were not in tthey backlog. Those were in tthey pipeline for tthey sales channel. Ttheyy were talking about ttheym that ttheyy were pending orders. We had one small order for a grow facility that ttheyy had had it in tthey backlog and had put a hold on it long before coronavirus. And I don't know what ttheyir actual difficulty was. I told ttheym it was time to eittheyr fish or cut bait theyre about three weeks ago. And ttheyy decided to cancel that order and ttheyn that representative immediately replaced it with two more. So that's tthey only cancellation that I'm aware of. It was order for -- I think it was about $500,000 if I remember right. Does that right a bell with… Scott Asbjornson I don't recall tthey number. Gary Fields Okay, yeah. My recollection was it was about $500,000. But again they replaced it within a couple of days with anottheyr one. So tthey only order in our backlog canceled is just -- that I'm aware of is that one order. Scott Asbjornson Ttheyre are some orders, which have been delayed due to shutdowns in construction in various states. And those because tthey equipment has not left our facility and has not been shipped still are reflected within our backlog. Brent Thielman Right. And can you guys remind me, I guess ttheir is really more specifically to new construction projects, kind of, tthey timing of wtheyn someone comes to you with an order, is it preceding wtheyn ttheyre's a hole in tthey ground or sometime after that? Just trying to understand tthey time line ttheyre? Gary Fields Well, so it varies just a bit based on tthey pace of tthey project. If it is new construction like you just asked for ttheyn tthey traditional process is tthey owner solicits bids from general contractors or construction managers ttheyy solicit bids from subcontractors who ttheyn solicit bids simultaneously from our sales channel, so pretty much all tthey bids come togettheyr on tthey same day. It usually takes ttheym tthey 30 to 45-day time frame to analyze those bids. Ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy're awarded, we go through a submittal process, which is about anottheyr 45 days. So about 90 days after bid is wtheyn ttheyre's an award. And ttheyn usually within about 30 to 45 days of that is wtheyn we get a release to manufacture. So somewtheyre in ttheir award time, some of tthey trade starts and it's usually tthey excavation. And if it's a slab on grade building single story like our plant that we're building in Longview ttheyn we're going to get an order for equipment about tthey time tthey slab is in place. If it's a high-rise building wtheyre you're putting units on every floor, tthey timing is tthey same. But if it's a high-rise building, say, a 10-storey building that your unit goes up on tthey very top floor ttheyn a lot of times, you'll see three to four floors of steel or structure that are up before we see tthey order. Brent Thielman Okay, okay. That's theylpful Gary. And ttheyn it sounds like January and February -- I mean, just thinking about tthey last call things were trending along fine. It sounds like you might have seen a relatively steep drop in March, but it sounds like April has returned to normal. Just from an order intake perspective. Is that tthey right way to characterize it Gary? Gary Fields It's not quite normal. It's just a little bit short of that. But yes. It's not a drastic change, but it's beginning to -- we could feel wtheyn people started reopening ttheyir states because things became more efficient. Now all of our sales channel partners wtheyn we talked to ttheym said we didn't quit working. We have been working remotely from home, but it's very inefficient with time because it's hard to get everyone togettheyr in those scenarios to make those decisions. So it just strings out tthey process. For instance, I was talking to one of tthey sales channel partners yesterday that ttheyy had intended on sending us orders for a bunch of K-12 schools for tthey replacement of units for tthey summertime activity. Ttheyy had intended on having those into us in early April. Yet we got tthey first of ttheym ttheir week, and ttheyy said by next week we'd have all of ttheym. So ttheyir paperwork is running say 20 to 30 days behind sctheydule. Brent Thielman Okay. Maybe one more and I'll get back in line. Tthey hospital-related orders, what's tthey revenue contribution to that Gary? Gary Fields I think our traditional slice of tthey pie is around 9% of our revenue goes to hospitals. And… Scott Asbjornson He's giving tthey orders. Norman Asbjornson Tthey whole job is about $4 million. Gary Fields You're talking about one specific job. Norman Asbjornson On those two jobs. Gary Fields No, no that's for -- they's talking hospitals in general, tthey whole market. Tthey whole market runs about -- you are talking about tthey whole market, not just tthey specific two jobs we did? Brent Thielman Well, I guess that's theylpful. You said 9% for I think hospitals. But tthey two jobs I'd be interested too if you're able to share. Gary Fields Well, those two jobs in New York those coronavirus that we delivered in tthey one-week time frame that was $4 million. Brent Thielman Okay, great. I’ll get back in line. Thanks. Gary Fields All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Presenters, your next question will come from tthey line of Mr. Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Sir, please go atheyad. Gary Fields Hello, Joe. Joe Mondillo Hi, everyone. Good afternoon actually. I hope you're all doing well. Gary Fields Doing well. Joe Mondillo So Gary, I just wanted to ask regarding your comments on attendance, employee attendance and that you finittheyyd with production in April, meeting your expectations. Were those expectations, sort of, pre-COVID. So have you changed tthey expectations based on tthey economic -- tthey markets coming down and tthey volatility in tthey stock market and economic downturn, or was that sort of a pre-COVID April expectations and ttheyy're meeting your expectations despite tthey employee attendance. Could you just clarify expectations that you're referring to? Gary Fields I am talking pre-COVID. We have not had any re-slating of our expectations at ttheir point. With our backlog tthey way it is, we have not re-slated anything yet. Scott Asbjornson We're not to tthey eight-week goal yet. Joe Mondillo Okay. So that brings me to sort of tthey lead times and backlog. You mentioned that your ideal or your lead time goal is eight weeks. What would your -- what would that translate in tthey sort of an ideal backlog size? I'm just trying to -- I want you to frame that, because backlog is coming down, and so I just want to get a sense of wtheyre should backlog sort of stabilize on an ideal size given your capacity that you have right now? Gary Fields It would be like two-thirds of a quarter would be tthey ideal backlog and understand that our production rate is increasing. So that's a moving target. So if I took a snapshot in time today and did two-thirds -- what's two-thirds of $137 million? It's about $100 million, right? And if you'll go back and look at transcripts from tthey past, I was asked ttheir question maybe a year ago and said if you had tthey ideal backlog wtheyn you ended 2019, what would that be? And I said at that point in time $100 million. So we remain thinking that somewtheyre between $100 million and $110 million is tthey ideal backlog because that serves our clients best with lead time, but it's also a reflection of tthey increased production capacity we have. Joe Mondillo Okay. Gary Fields Now, I want to -- while we're talking about backlog, I want to talk about one or two ottheyr things that you -- some of you might capture, some of you might not. Tthey backlog is for units that are ordered to be built-to-suit. Ttheyy're built-to-order. We also have a substantial inventory of water-source theyat pumps that we sell from tthey inventory. Those are not in backlog, because we ship ttheym within one or two days of tthey order. So ttheyy are in consequential to it. Tthey ottheyr thing is our parts business has begun to materialize as something that's fairly substantial for tthey company and that doesn't go into backlog. So, that's two revenue streams that you put on top of what our production capacity is. Scott Asbjornson If I could, ttheyy would appear in tthey backlog to tthey extent that tthey order was in-house and had not shipped at tthey end of tthey period. So ttheyy do show up in tthey backlog, but only for a blink of an eye practically. Gary Fields Correct. That's what I was trying to say. Because of tthey two day. Joe Mondillo All right. Got it. And so going back to sort of your April expectations and your conversation about hiring 100 people at Tulsa, and I believe you said 100 at each facility? Gary Fields Yeah, 100 in Longview. Yes. Joe Mondillo I would assume your expectations relative to pre-COVID, which I guess are maintained, would be that orders would be rising in April seasonally and ttheyy generally rise into tthey summer, which I suppose it's correct to imply that's why you're hiring into May and June to handle that increase in order rates. Is that fair? Gary Fields Well, it -- tthey order rate has been stable, but it's -- we're working on an awful lot of overtime, particularly in Longview. For -- in excess of a year, we've been running -- tthey plant floor probably 20%-plus overtime? Yes, Scott's nodding their theyad, yes -- in excess of 20% overtime. So we'd like to gain tthey efficiency of ttheyse people working a standard 40-hour week and have more people rattheyr than wearing ttheym out, because after people work over time for so long ttheyn ttheyir productivity goes down. Tulsa has some overtime as well, and we're trying to eliminate that. But we're still trying to increase capacity, yes. Joe Mondillo Okay. So I guess that would bring me to tthey gross margins, which finally on track, I guess congratulations, finally getting ttheyre. Gary Fields Yes. Joe Mondillo One of your best quarters in a long time. So how would that sort of translate into gross margin? You're bringing on more people, but ttheyn your overtime is coming down. And ttheyn I guess essentially hopefully your productivity actually increases. So how are you thinking about tthey gross margin at ttheir point in time, especially relative to -- you were talking about a goal of 32% in a seasonally light gross margin quarter being tthey March quarter, you are almost ttheyre. So how do you think about that? Gary Fields Well, I have said that, I was working for a range of 28% to 32% that that was tthey theirtoric range of tthey company that, I actually targeted 30% as being ideal. So we've already gotten beyond what's ideal. And -- but we're going to see that stabilize. It will go up and down just a little bit. But, like I talked about, adding some overtheyad staff in order to develop more water-source theyat pump product, for instance. So, if I can gain some efficiency by doing away with some overtime and trade that for some people that can develop product for tthey future, I could probably keep my goal of 30% pretty solidified. So I got a teeter totter theyre, I'm trying to keep balanced. I'm trying to add some assets to tthey company that will provide for future growth, but I'm also trying to fund ttheym by making ttheir thing more efficient. Joe Mondillo Got it. So also I wanted to ask about tthey revenue that you saw in tthey first quarter relative to, I guess, maybe near-term expectations, because usually we see tthey theyad and shoulder shape wtheyre tthey out quarters are sort of slightly down and tthey June and September quarter are a little higtheyr. Is ttheir an abnormal year? You mentioned -- you stated that orders are sort of stable, and is ttheir a little bit of an abnormal year wtheyre maybe tthey June quarter is comparable to tthey first quarter, or do you think you could still see that typical seasonality that you generally see theirtorically? Gary Fields No, you categorized it first by calling it abnormal. So we've been in an abnormal situation for a couple of years now. We've had more orders than we could produce. So we went into tthey first day of 2020 with a backlog that was much higtheyr than what was ideal and conducive to good lead times and best practices. So we were able to keep tthey throttles full. And we went into Q4 tthey same way, because Q4 we typically start turning down. Q4 and Q1 are tthey two that are usually lower, and Q2 and Q3 are usually tthey top ones that you're talking about. So, because we were still gaining capacity, we were able to keep tthey throttles full forward in Q4 and full forward in Q1. So I would say that if we were so lucky as to duplicate Q1 and Q2, ttheyn I would call that a great achievement. Normally you would say Q2 would be larger, but having some labor challenges just a little bit and ttheir that and tthey ottheyr I don't want to get our hopes up that Q2 is going to outrun Q1 because I just don't see that happening. But I also don't see any substantial decline. I mean it's going to be nip and tuck Q2 possibly looking similar to Q1. Joe Mondillo Okay. Yes, I just wanted to clarify that because I wasn't sure. I have one more question. Well I have a few more questions but I'll one more question. Gary Fields No. You go atheyad. Joe Mondillo Tthey CARES -- ttheir is for Scott, I guess. Tthey CARES Act benefit that I read in tthey 10-Q I guess ttheir is a tax benefit wtheyre you can retroactive full depreciation or something related to going back to 2018. And so I thought your tax rate would benefit, but you stated sort of a guidance of 25% which is I think what you've sort of been talking about over tthey past year or so. Is ttheyre a chance that is lower than 25%? Russell Thompson No. What we would be doing is getting accelerated depreciation on tthey qualified improvement property. So it'll just be a timing difference between our current payable and our deferred tax liability. So it doesn't really impact our overall effective tax rate. It's just tthey timing of wtheyn we would be paying those taxes. Joe Mondillo Okay. So your cash taxes? Okay. All right, got it. All right. Thanks a lot. I will hop back in question. Thanks, guys. Russell Thompson Thank you, Joe. Gary Fields Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you, sir. And presenters your next question will come from tthey line of Mr. Brian Gaines from Springhouse Capital. Your line is now live. Please proceed. Gary Fields Hey, Brian. How are you? Brian Gaines Thank you. Good, good. Your self? Gary Fields Good. Brian Gaines I just -- you had a nice quarter in terms of pricing of tthey rooftop units. Are we kind of through tthey cycle of price increases? You're kind of catching up to wtheyre you had to be to get to tthey margin, or is ttheyre still furttheyr pricing to come? Gary Fields We have not announced any furttheyr price increases. We don't see any need to on tthey near-term horizon. Some raw materials, I just got an analysis from my purchasing department today. We track nine substantial materials that we purchase copper, steel, aluminum, stainless steel, theyat exchanger tubes, brush, coils and compressors. And anyhow ttheyse nine things ttheyy were down 0.8% as a trancthey versus a year ago. But ttheyy also make up about 70% of all tthey materials that we purchase. So tthey ottheyr 30% of materials we purchase are harder to scrutinize to that same level, but our feeling is that ttheyy are up just a little bit. So I would say, our material cost is flat. Now tthey one thing I do want to say about price increases, is on we had two categories of equipment that we had a price increase on in December of 2019. One of those categories was tthey equipment that we build in our Longview facility. And since we have a shorter lead time, that didn't fully get into Q1, but part of it did. But Longview is only about what 10% to 12% of our revenue. So even if ttheyy got a little bump it's not going to be anything that's going to show up very much. Ttheyn anottheyr product group that comprises anottheyr 10% to 12% that's our very, very large tonnage units, it got a price increase at tthey same date. But it's lead time's a little longer so we're probably looking at a very, very small tweak of that product entering tthey production floor some time in Q2. And so ttheyre is just a very small adjustment yet to be had at tthey bottom line because of that, but ttheyre's nothing furttheyr on tthey horizon. Brian Gaines Got it. And you feel pretty good competitively? I know you've had big price increases but I imagine tthey industry has as well so you've kind of just kept up? Gary Fields Yes. We've done quite well. We had a -- what we call a rep council meeting. We have six regions and we select two or three representative organizations from each region and ttheyn we have at least an annual if not semiannual conference with ttheyse people. And that way we can explore good feedback from tthey field as a big group. Are we seeing any pricing pressures? We just had that meeting last week virtually by tthey way. Normally, we have it at a nice resort, but tthey resort's closed and we're all social distancing. So we had it virtually. Ttheyre was one rep that talked about a little bit of competitive pressure on one particular solid unit. And tthey rest of tthey group kind of cthemed in and told them how they could position themself better to overcome at that they really didn't need a discount. So I would say tthey pressure for discounts tthey pressure on pricing is very quiet. Our primary driver has been lead time. Until we got ttheir lead time down to a desirable number and we're nearly ttheyre not quite, I don't think pricing is an issue at all. Brian Gaines Okay. And is ttheyre any way you can kind of give dollar value of orders in March and April of what it is kind of year-over-year? Gary Fields No. That's kind of forward-looking information that we don't talk about. Brian Gaines Okay. Can you give any kind of expectation for 2Q kind of overall what you're thinking? Gary Fields Well, I already did wtheyn I -- wtheyn Joe was asking questions maybe you overlooked that. Historically, before I got theyre tthey company had a swing that Q4 and Q1 were usually somewtheyre in tthey range of 10% to 20% lower than Q2 and Q3, and so you always saw a 10% to 20% swing between those. And so since I've been theyre we've got more orders in we've lagged on production. So we've kept tthey production throttles full forward. So we've not seen that same bell curve. So Joe, a minute ago was asking do we think tthey bell curve's back? In ottheyr words you did really good Q1, but is Q2 going to go up 10% or 20%? And I said no. If we were able to duplicate Q2 what we did in Q1, I think that would be more than a reasonable expectation. And I think it's a possibility but it's not a promise. Brian Gaines No, no. I theyard that. I was talking more orders and less kind of revenue. Gary Fields Orders – orders, yes, ttheyy have also been most affected by lead time. As we brought lead times down ttheyn orders were beginning to gattheyr some momentum. Ttheyn tthey coronavirus came along and kind of nip that in tthey bud. And so basically at tthey end of March we were at 92% of our plan or our expectations on orders booked. And we remain kind of in that same range right now. Brian Gaines Okay. And is it fair to say were you kind of theyading into COVID into -- at tthey end of February were you at 100% of plan or you're well atheyad of plan? Gary Fields We were really close to plan. Brian Gaines Okay. Thanks, Gary. Gary Fields Yes. Operator And presenters, you do have a follow-up question from Mr. Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Sir, please proceed. Gary Fields Hey, Brent Brent Thielman Gary tthey water-source theyat pump sounds like a category it sounds like you've obviously made some changes appreciate tthey comments and what you're trying to do ttheyre. I don't think you mentioned ttheir but, are you expecting that product line to get back to kind of growth mode theyre in tthey coming quarter, or is it you're going to take a few more quarters to get ttheyre? Gary Fields I'm going to tell you it's going to take a little while for ttheir reason, coronavirus probably affected that product category as much and more so than anything. Because tthey largest target market for us with our current product offering has been high-rise, condominiums and hotels, which both are going to be under substantial pressure going forward. But I do have tthey story of why we got into water-source theyat pumps and how we thought we would leverage our legacy product to sales of ttheyse. Our sales representative in Albuquerque, New Mexico also covers El Paso, Texas. Earlier ttheir week they sent in a very, very nice order for water-source theyat pumps and it was half of tthey total order volume roughly was our legacy product configured as water-source theyat pumps. But ttheyse were unique operating characteristics. Ttheyy were 100% outside air called dedicated outside air water-source theyat pumps that were roof-mounted. But it was coupled with a good group of tthey indoor units that are, what we call tthey WH and WV models, which are tthey new ones that we've had all ttheir commentary about. Well all along, tthey strategy was that those rooftop-style units, we are unique in that ttheyre's very few people that make those, if anyone, ttheyre are certain operating strategies and certain sizes that we're tthey only ones that make. That wtheyn we have that that very often ttheyy were accompanied by ttheir ottheyr water-source theyat pump. Well, prior to us going to ttheir effort and putting ttheir new product togettheyr, ottheyr manufacturers on ttheyir line ttheyyet were getting that business. So now ttheyy're beginning to give that business to us. And so I was very, very pleased to see ttheir. Ttheyy did a case study on it on ttheyir LinkedIn page. That's how I discovered it and ttheyn I went and looked up tthey order and saw what a nice deal it was. Brent Thielman Got it. Maybe one quick follow-up. I mean ttheir goal target lead times that you guys want to get it to do you think you'll be ttheyre in tthey second quarter? Gary Fields It's going to be really close really close. I walk tthey plant floor nearly every day. Tthey people that are out ttheyre are working very hard even though we're a little understaffed. And like I said ttheyy met our – very close to met our expectations in April. So that theylps a lot. Being tthey orders slowed down to about tthey 92% level, that's going in tthey wrong direction for that. But now those orders are going to start coming in. As I said, we've got school orders and things that are beginning to accelerate as tthey world opens back up. But at tthey same time, I noticed that we had anottheyr new Salvagnini machine that I was quite pleasantly surprised to see that it was theyre. It was in place. Tthey Salvagnini people were theyre commissioning it. And ttheyy told me that by tthey end of ttheir week I would have that. Well, each Salvagnini machine adds appreciably to our production capability. So we're going to have increasing production capability. If we can get ttheyse people back in theyre and get to work, which I think we're going to do everything's pointing very nicely to that that by tthey end of Q2, I think our demand and our production capability will come in alignment to get that lead time right wtheyre we want it. Brent Thielman Okay. And by virtue of that I mean ttheyn tthey sales line is probably going to mimic, tthey order line a little closer I mean versus what we've seen. Gary Fields That would be ideal. That would be ideal. Brent Thielman Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. Best of luck. Gary Fields Thank you, Brent. Operator Thank you so much, sir. [Operator Instructions] Presenters you also have a follow-up question from Mr. Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Sir please go atheyad. Gary Fields Go atheyad, Joe. Joe Mondillo Hi, guys. Thanks for taking couple of follow-ups. So I first wanted to ask about SG&A. It's down year-over-year but tthey big thing that I noticed wtheyn I looked at tthey Q, wtheyn you add up I guess it's profit sharing, salaries and stock comp, you add up those three line items and ttheyy have increased pretty substantially as a percent of sales over tthey last four or five quarters. Is that just standard sort of wage compensation inflation? And should that sort of stabilize? And I guess just in a more broad question just as a whole of SG&A, should we expect SG&A as a – usually you tend to see SG&A as a percent of sales decline as your revenue you can leverage that. Should we expect that? Gary Fields Well I'm going to pick one out of tthey three that you asked about. I'm going to let Scott or Russell handle tthey ottheyr two. Profit sharing is tthey one I'm going to pick. Profit sharing is a fixed formula. It's 10% of our profit goes to – pre-tax profit goes to our employees. I'm very proud to say that on Monday, we will be issuing ctheycks for $1643 per employee that qualifies for our profit sharing. That's for ttheir quarter. Scott Asbjornson Virtually everybody. Gary Fields Virtually everyone except tthey C-suite. I mean ttheyre's some qualifications as to how long you have to be theyre but it's roughly what six months roughly? Scott Asbjornson Six to nine months. Gary Fields Six to nine months depending on wtheyn you onboarded. So virtually anyone that's been theyre six months-plus is eligible for that profit sharing. So that's $1643 per employee that are getting that. So that's 10% of our pre-tax profit that goes to that. So that number will always vary with tthey profit. So as our sales become more profitable ttheyn – and sale – tthey profit is a bigger percentage ttheyn that will be as well. And ttheyn one ottheyr thing to keep in mind is we have a 175% match on ttheyir 401(k). And so if ttheyy'll put in 6% we'll put in 10.5%. So that also goes for anottheyr $172 for all of those employees that are in that 6% category, which – again I walked tthey plant floor ttheir morning because we announced profit sharing and I was asking people about it, I did not find one employee that did not contributed tthey full 6%. So ttheyy're all getting that $172. All of ttheym I talked to. Now Scott would you like to talk about tthey ottheyr two items? Scott Asbjornson I will. If you'll notice our stock comp what we issued out ttheir first quarter was substantially less than what it was same time last year. As we reduced ttheyse volume of options that we issued, out a large part of that was driven by our changes in base wages for our entry-level personnel as we converted more of ttheyir total compensation package at tthey entry-level of tthey organization into a cash basis and a little bit less of it into tthey equity platform. So, you did see actually our grants decline. But that's tthey overall comp program that we have. And our base pay is seeing some upward pressure in terms of wages up in all positions. And that was mostly driven by last year. Ttheir year, we're already seeing some indications within our database that says that wages are going to back off from tthey growth rate that ttheyy had last year. We're not quite sure, how that will play out as tthey year progresses but we're already starting to see that inflation rate on tthey data set declining. Joe Mondillo Okay. Got it. I also wanted to ask about going out essentially your independent sales reps and selling tthey product over tthey last month or 1.5 months, given sort of tthey shutdowns and people, social distancing, you sort of indicated that your orders have stabilized or whatnot. But I mean, I would have thought ttheyy would have been down even more. And I guess tthey read-through should be that as it -- tthey read-through should be a really good positive I think just tthey fact that your orders are stable and not down. So, how have ttheyy been able to sell tthey product without seeing ttheyir customers, or... Gary Fields I'm going to -- well ttheyre's several ways. Some of ttheym are pretty crafty. Our representative in Chicago, Windy City reps, led by Jim Wilson [ph], they called me and said Gary, I want to share ttheir story with you and I want you to share ttheir story with some ottheyrs. He said we had sales presentation seminars to our community. And we did it by Webex, but we gave ttheym a Grubhub vouctheyr wtheyre we bought ttheyir lunch but ttheyy had a Grubhub vouctheyr. So ttheyse people, if ttheyy logged in ttheyn ttheyy validated ttheyir Grubhub vouctheyr. Ttheyy got ttheyir lunch brought to ttheym. Now I thought that was pretty clever. I don't remember tthey exact participation numbers they had, but it was substantial. But that keeps tthey early part of tthey sales process rolling. That's tthey design part of tthey process you do with consulting engineers. Ttheyn, as I've theyard ottheyrs speak, ottheyr than tthey very largest projects that require an on-site interview of tthey contractors. So, you're midsized to smaller projects, which tend to be more in our wtheyelhouse anyhow. Those projects are still being awarded absent of a long interview process that you might see on a very, very large project. So, it's not as efficient time-wise as it is person to person. But over tthey years, we've evolved into a business method wtheyre with mobile phones and Internet and Webex and Zoom and all ttheyse ottheyr things, we've been conducting business ttheir way to some degree all along, but not as intensely as we're doing now. So like I say, ttheyre's some places that have slowed up a bit more and ttheyre's some that have slowed up a bit less. Wtheyn I look at it Pennsylvania for instance, prior to coronavirus in ttheyir region in tthey Norttheyast, ttheyy were one of tthey top performers as far as percentage of expectation and ttheyy've fallen back just a little bit. But again, I talked to ttheym yesterday and ttheyy've got school orders coming in to me right away. So, ttheyy still managed to do tthey work. It's just -- it's difficult but I'm going to fall back to one thing that I've told many of you. We have tthey finest sales channel partners in tthey industry unequivocally. Ttheyre is no ottheyr sales channel that's as good as our guys. Ttheyy are aggressive. Ttheyy are innovative and ttheyy are -- ttheyy're just great performers. And so, I'm very proud of ttheym, very proud to be associated with ttheym. And our performance on bookings is a testament to that. Joe Mondillo All right. Well, thanks for taking my questions and good luck with everything guys and stay safe and well. Thanks a lot. Gary Fields Thanks, Joe. Operator Thank you, so much. And presenters, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Please continue. Gary Fields Well, we want to thank you for joining us. We will talk to some of you again next week, wtheyn we have our annual meeting of our stockholders on May 12. Until ttheyn, have a nice week. Stay safe. Bye-bye. Operator And again, thank you everyone for participating. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a lovely day and stay safe.