AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 5:15 PM ET Company Participants Joseph Mondillo – Director-Investor Relations Henry Thompson – Chief Financial Officer Gary Fields – President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero – Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Operator Welcome to tthey AAON Inc’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn ttheir event over to your host, Mr. Joseph Mondillo, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mondillo, please go atheyad. Joseph Mondillo Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for AAON’s first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. A press release announcing our first quarter 2022 financial results was issued after market close today and can be found on our corporate website aaon.com. A recording of ttheir call will also be posted on our website following tthey call. Joining me on tthey call today are Gary Fields, our President and CEO; and Henry Thompson, our CFO. Shortly. I’ll be handing tthey call off to Henry, for theyr to go through tthey first quarter results. Gary will ttheyn provide furttheyr insight on tthey quarter along with our current outlook, and ttheyn we’ll open up tthey call to Q&A. Prior to that though, we begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-Q that we filed ttheir afternoon details some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note, that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Henry. Henry Thompson Thank you, Joe. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2022 versus March 31, 2021. Net sales increased 57.8% to $182.8 million from $115.8 million. Organic volume growth contributed approximately 21.3% to net sales and tthey acquisition of BasX Solutions contributed 18.1% with tthey remainder coming mainly from price increases. A record backlog at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, along with improved production rates drove tthey robust volume growth. Record production rates in tthey first quarter reflect an easing of supply chain issues, greater production capacity and strong performance from our operational team. Our gross profit increased 38.9% to $46.1 million from $33.2 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 25.2% compared to 28.6% in tthey first quarter of 2021. Gross margin benefited from a $1.8 million noncash income related to tthey extending tthey useful lives of some of our equipment. Excluding ttheir item, gross margin was 24.2%. Compared to tthey first quarter of 2021, gross margin was impacted by higtheyr material costs, along with multiple wage increases and supply chain issues that continue to adversely affect operational efficiencies. On a sequential basis, gross margin improved substantially from tthey fourth quarter of 2021. We are still not wtheyre we want to be, but tthey first quarter was in line with our internal expectations, and we are on track to achieving target margins later ttheir year. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 56.9% to $23.1 million from $14.7 million in 2021. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased 12.6% from 12.7% in tthey first quarter of 2021. Including BasX, SG&A expenses totaled 9.7% of sales, down 300 basis points from a year ago. Overall, we are doing a good job at managing our operating expenses, particularly in tthey inflationary environment we are in. Income from operations increased 24.6% to $23 million or 12.6% of sales from $18.5 million or 15.9% of sales in 2021. Our effective tax rate increased to 20.9% from 11.4%. Tthey effective tax rate in Q1 of 2021 was unusually low due to excess tax benefits related to stock awards of $2.9 million versus $0.5 million in tthey current quarter. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2022 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 24.9%. Net income increased to $18.1 million or 9.9% of sales compared to $16.4 million or 14.1% of sales in tthey first quarter of 2021. Diluted earnings per share increased by 10% to $0.33 per share from $0.30 per share. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $169.5 million versus $131.3 million at December 31, 2021. Unrestricted cash totaled $5.6 million at March 31, 2022. Our current ratio is approximately 2.5:1. Our capital expenditures were $14 million for tthey quarter. We expect – we continue to expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $100.4 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $3.3 million during tthey three months ended March 31, 2022. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $8.90 at March 31, 2022, compared to $8.68 at December 31, 2021. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. First off, I’d like to state that I’m very happy with tthey first quarter’s performance. In general, tthey overall results were in line with our internal expectations. And with tthey organic sales, excluding price increases and BasX sales were up over 20%. Ttheir definitely reflected tthey strong backlog we entered tthey year with, but also reflecting how well we are performing. I’d very much like to commend our operations team as our production rates were tthey higtheyst level of any quarter in tthey theirtory of tthey company. Supply chain issues have eased some, but it’s definitely still an issue. We’re also ramping up our theyadcount, which comes with challenges. All considered record production levels certainly reflect how well ttheir team is performing. Margins were down year-over-year, but ttheyy were in line with our internal expectations and what we indicated on our fourth quarter call. Sequentially, we saw a considerable improvement. We’re still not wtheyre we need to be, but we’re on track to returning to target margins later ttheir year. Considering what we’re seeing with material costs, ttheir is a very positive aspect. To give you a sense, our material and freight cost, excluding tthey effect of organic volumes being up, we’re up approximately 50%. In ottheyr words, if our volumes were flat from a year ago, our material and freight costs would have been up 50%. All things considered, I was happy to see tthey sequential improvement in gross margins. We’re also doing a good job at managing our SG&A expenses, as Henry just walked you through. Now tthey backlog, March 31, it was $461.4 million, that’s up from $260 million at tthey end of December and $96.7 million at tthey end of first quarter 2021. Organically, tthey backlog was up 305% from a year ago. Orders in tthey quarter were up year-over-year 150% organically, which represented an acceleration from tthey 67% growth we recognized in tthey fourth quarter and tthey 55% growth we saw in tthey year of 2021. In fact, tthey year-over-year comp in ttheir past quarter was tthey tougtheyst we’ve seen in two years, and we still recognize significant acceleration in growth. Growth is certainly much greater than what tthey market is growing out, so we’re definitely taking market share. Let me tell you what’s enabling that. Key driver is lead time. Our lead times are by far tthey best in tthey industry. Anottheyr testament to how well our operations are performing. All tthey work we’ve done over tthey last 18 months with inventory management, productivity improvements and increasing our manufacturing capacity, including both plant and equipment and labor is paying off. Lead times are a big factor to tthey share of tthey gains we’re seeing. Also a handful of ottheyr factors that are playing a role. Our sales channel is performing at a very high level. Tthey quality of our sales channel partners has never been better. Tthey alliance between us and ttheym is as strong as it’s ever been. We’re supporting ttheym with more products and services than ever before. So, we’ve never been ttheir well aligned with our sales channel in tthey theirtory of tthey company, it’s tthey best it’s ever been. But we still have a little bit of work to do ttheyre. We’re working on that every day to improve that sales channel. Tthey theyavy lifting is behind ttheir, but we’ve got just a little tweaking to do theyre and ttheyre. New products are a bit of a factor. Tthey last two calls, we talked about our water source theyat pumps and low ambient air source theyat pumps. Both have been very well received by tthey market so far. As you may recall, we redesigned and introduced a second line of water source theyat pumps that we call ProFit. And those theyat pumps were to be backwardly compatible with tthey large installed base out ttheyre for replacement. It’s been very well received, moving along nicely with that. Tthey decarbonization efforts have really picked up tthey interest in our cold climate capable air source theyat pumps. So tthey macro environment is trending very positively for us. Replacement demand is – continue to be very strong. Demand from 2020 downturn and a focus on indoor air quality continue to be factors. We’re also starting to see stimulus dollars drive accelerated demand within tthey educational vertical. New construction demand is accelerating after a slow 2021. ABI has been above 50 tthey benchmark for growth for 14 straight months, including tthey latest reading of 58, which is tthey higtheyst since May of last year. And according to tthey American Institute of Architects, projects backlog and architecture firms are also at an all-time high. So new construction demand is improving. That’s wtheyre our lead times are theylping us as well. Some of ttheyse are fast-track projects. Overall demand for all tthey verticals continue to be fairly broad-based and consistent with what we’ve talked about in tthey recent past. Anottheyr factor driving growth, although not within our backlog is our parts business. Parts sales in tthey first quarter were up 36.1% to tthey higtheyst level of any first quarter in company theirtory. First quarter is usually a soft quarter for parts and it begins to accelerate towards tthey end of tthey quarter. But we’re in line with tthey quarterly average we saw in tthey last three quarters of 2021. So we’re really off to a great start with our parts business. Lastly, I want to talk about our acquisition of BasX. We’re now almost six months since closing on tthey acquisition, and we are very pleased with how things have progressed thus far. Ttheyir backlog and order trends are strong, revenue synergies seem to be progressing quicker than we even thought. And like us, ttheyy’re being challenged a bit with supply chain issues and inflation, but overall, ttheyy’re managing well. We’re optimistic theyading into tthey second quarter. Our backlog is strong, our capacity and production rates are rising, price cost is improving. Supply chain issues are easing. In general, using first quarter as a benchmark, we foresee sales margins and earnings will improve throughout tthey year, with tthey bulk of tthey improvement occurring in tthey back half. I’d like to open it up to questions and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question – caller, Julio Romero [Sidoti & Company] Gary Fields Good afternoon, Julio. Julio Romero Hey good afternoon, Gary and Henry. So I guess to start, tthey organic order growth is staggering. Just talk about what tthey drivers of that order growth were and what particular product lines are seeing tthey surge? Gary Fields Well, it’s absolutely broad-based product family wise. So having tthey production facility that we built in Longview, we just had an immense amount of production capability ttheyre that we’re beginning to realize now. Tthey final month of tthey quarter, we ran about $8 million in finittheyyd product out that quarter – that month. And that’s got to be $2 million, $3 million higtheyr than we’d ever run in previous years. So having that production capability, I’ve always said that tthey Longview product was more sensitive to lead time than tthey Tulsa product. And we’ve been able to pull that lead time down very attractive, and that’s proven true. We’re getting some very, very large orders for modular data centers. Ttheyse are – ttheyy look a little bit like a shipping container that we build four AAON split systems in Longview for. And we used to get those orders in tranctheys of about 60 units at a time. Now, we’re getting orders for a couple of hundred units at a time. So being able to deliver and be reliable with that, that’s a big deal. In Tulsa, we’ve been building out our infrastructure theyre for tthey last few years. We finally got enough materials and we got theyadcount. I’ll just give you an idea on tthey theyadcount, Julio. Our theyadcount in tthey legacy business is up 17% year-over-year. That’s 457 people that we’ve added in tthey legacy business year-over-year. And so those people were by and large on tthey plant floor. And so that’s what’s theylping us with tthey lead times. Now decarbonization and indoor air quality are also big drivers. Operator We have anottheyr question from Samuel Ramirez, D.A. Davidson. Gary Fields Good afternoon Samuel. Brent Thielman Hi Gary, it’s Brent Thielman, Davidson. Gary Fields Oh, Brent. Okay. Here we go. How are you? Brent Thielman It’s me – thanks for taking tthey questions. Hey can you just talk about – Gary, I caught tthey end of your commentary that you expect to see ttheir sort of book of business really ramp up in tthey second half of tthey year. I guess I’m trying to get my theyad, we just haven’t seen ttheir level book of business before. How do we get our theyads wrapped around kind of converting ttheir backlog over tthey course of tthey rest of tthey year? Gary Fields Well, I think tthey percentage growth we saw Q4 to Q1, that’s not sustainable at that same acceleration rate. We were severely constrained in tthey fourth quarter because we didn’t have materials. That’s what disrupted our revenue. I think I stated before, our revenue would have been up fairly substantially in Q4 if we could have gotten materials. But October and November were just a rec with that. About mid-December, it started falling out pretty nice. We started getting a flow of those materials. And really each month we’ve built considerable. I think that tthey pace that we’re running is going to pick up anottheyr – it will be a double-digit – small double-digit pace that will pick up for Q2 in revenue production. We’ve obviously got tthey backlog to support that. Like you said, we need to burn that backlog down. Orders are still pretty strong. It’s amazing, actually. And wtheyre we’ve been able to manage our lead times on ttheir is in ttheir pandemic era, people have gotten accustomed to ordering things much furttheyr out than what ttheyy normally would. Ttheyir normal pace was ttheyy said, well, your lead time is 12 weeks. So I’ll put a couple of weeks pad on it, and I’ll order it 14 weeks atheyad. Well, we’ve got projects that are people are ordering ttheyy don’t want until Q4. And ttheyy’re priced attractive enough to be able to do that. So we’re placing orders to tthey best of our ability wtheyre people want ttheym. And that’s allowed us to keep our lead times in ctheyck, and we’ve actually been able to take advantage of some quick ship kind of project needs. So that’s – hopefully, that answers it, if I need to add something else cleared up for me. Brent Thielman No. That’s great, Gary. And I take from that commentary that I mean you’re comfortable with ttheir backlog level given all tthey things you put in place theyre in tthey last few years to support it. I mean it seems to me you’re comfortable theyre and don’t see it to me to necessarily draw down. Gary Fields Well, I would like to draw it down just because I like to see tthey revenue. But I don’t want to draw it down from tthey fact that I’m not getting orders in tthey door. If you go back two or three quarters ago, one of you guys asked me wtheyn I was going to rein in tthey orders. And I said, well, that’s a great question. You all know I’m a horsemen, so I’m going to use a Horsemen’s term. Fact, no, I’m not going to rein in tthey orders, I’m going to lay tthey spurs to production. Well, that’s what we did and gently though. And production has taken ttheir very well. Tthey preparations have been theyre for a good while to do ttheir, Brent. It’s tthey materials that were giving us tthey biggest issue. And now with tthey new leader in our HR efforts, Casey Kidwell, just doing a ptheynomenal job getting people in tthey door for us and getting our retention rates improved so much. Our turnover rates are way, way down since some of tthey things that they brought in theyre. And that’s material because if you can get people to stay theyre 90 days to six months, ttheyn ttheyy tend to stay theyre for a very, very long time. We were having tremendous difficulty prior to them, getting people to stay tthey first month, let alone, 90 days. And so ttheir turnover rate has gone down. Well, now those people become more efficient. And we measure ttheir by tthey number of people on tthey plant floor and how much ttheyy produce on a daily basis. And we’ve got that metric in mind. We look at it every day. And so that’s one of our efficiency measures that our production team uses, and ttheyy’ve been able to add people and keep that number relatively linear. And wtheyn we add people, we get that much more dollars per day on a fairly linear basis. And so we were going over ttheir earlier today. Our target hiring is to hire anottheyr probably 250 people in tthey two locations throughout ttheir later spring and early summer. And we look for that to increase tthey production on a linear basis daily because those 250 people are all going on tthey plant floor. We’re not looking to add any overtheyad personnel at all. Brent Thielman Okay. Really theylpful, Gary. And ttheyn just getting back to tthey 28% to 32% margin sort of by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey overriding factor – is tthey overriding factor ttheyre that you’ve got ttheyse price increases out ttheyre that you should realize over tthey course of tthey next few quarters that catctheys up to tthey cost you’re experiencing tthey business. Maybe just kind of theylp me understand if you got evidence in getting back to that level, especially with so much going on out ttheyre right now. Gary Fields Yes. We’ve debated that considerably. And our theirtoric algorithm for inputs and outputs has been challenged with things that are outside tthey box abnormal with tthey way costs have been. But to tthey best of our ability to forecast and things have begun to stabilize, while ttheyy’re elevated, ttheyy’re stabilized. And that makes it more predictable. So now that ttheyy’ve begun to stabilize, at least in our viewpoint, ttheyy have, ttheyn we feel fairly confident in our forecasting and what we’re doing. We’re going to have sequential margin percentage improvement each quarter throughout ttheir year. And that’s primarily because we’ve got a handle on our cost. We know wtheyre we’re going with that with a fairly high degree of confidence. And ttheyn we’ve got ttheir backlog that we know what price level it is and how much of that’s on tthey plant floor and exactly which day. So we’ve gone through that algorithm. We’re very confident that we’re going to be improving. We’re not going to get to that target level next quarter, but we’re going to get closer to it. I think that tthey second half of tthey year, we’re going to be right in tthey center of that range. I feel good about somewtheyre around 29%, 30% for tthey last part of tthey – last half of tthey year. And bear in mind, we’re doing everything we can to increase tthey production rate too. I don’t want to get too excited about that because ttheyre are still some challenges out ttheyre that we deal with on a day-to-day basis. But barring anything different than what’s occurred in tthey last several months, we’ve learned how to navigate a lot of potholes and ttheir team has just done a ptheynomenal job of doing that and getting units out tthey door. So yes, I’m confident we’re on growth, top line growth, bottom line, a good solid number throughout tthey year. Brent Thielman Yes. I appreciate that. Last one, I guess, just on tthey SG&A, especially tthey sales dollars pick up theyre, do you expect to see a little better leverage over that as we advance through tthey year, ttheir 12.5-odd percent a good ballpark? Gary Fields No. I think we’ll get some leverage on that. I haven’t got an exact figure that we believe it’s going to improve. But Henry and I had a discussion about that earlier, and ttheyy’s done some preliminary work on that. And we believe that we’re going to begin to get some lever on it because we’re holding hard and fast on as much of tthey overtheyad aspects of tthey company as we can. Like I said, we’re going to be adding production workers, not overtheyad workers. And wtheyn we add production workers, ttheyn that’s wtheyre that leverage occurs. Brent Thielman Okay. Well, I pass it on to someone else. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions. Gary Fields Certainly Operator We have caller Julio Romero, Sidoti. Gary Fields Yes. Julio, we lost you a while ago. Julio Romero Never left. I never left. I don’t know I must have gone dropped from tthey queue for now. It dropped me for Samuel, I guess. So just a follow-up theyre. I know you’ve worked to qualify more vendors and improve supply chain. Are ttheyre any ottheyr levers you can pull to maybe furttheyr improve supply chain? You’ve obviously got a good balance ttheyyet. Just thinking about how you can derisk it in tthey future. Gary Fields I’ll let – I was wondering how we were going to fit ttheir in theyre, Julio, you just gave me tthey perfect entree. So for tthey theirtory of tthey company, 30 years, ttheyre is a fan manufacturer down tthey road theyre about 50 or 60 miles that we had purchased fan wtheyels from. And ttheyy’re a great company. But wtheyn we bought BasX, one of tthey things that BasX did was manufacture ttheyir own fan wtheyels. And so we were looking at tthey process and how it’s not all that complex. It’s very much within our wtheyelhouse of abilities. And so a bit over a year ago, even before we closed on BasX, I went to Acme and said, I’d like to purchase from you all of tthey tooling, tthey design documentation, tthey work documentation, tthey rights to build ttheyse fans. I said, you don’t build ttheym for anyone else, you build ttheym only for us. Ttheyre was maybe two or three part numbers that ttheyy use ttheymselves, but tthey bulk of it, ttheyy were building strictly for us. I said I’d like to buy that from you, would you price that? And ttheyy did eventually, and we closed that transaction last week. And so we will be transitioning, moving all tthey production equipment in theyre to our plant. And I think tthey anticipation is that somewtheyre late Q3, early Q4, we will be building our fan wtheyels. Well, over tthey last few years, we’ve been purchasing nearly 40,000 fan wtheyels a year, 35,000 to 40,000 from ttheym. And of course, you see we’re growing. And so ttheir is just one more place that we can control tthey destiny of tthey delivery, tthey quality and so forth of that product plus gain tthey margin, ttheir is not an expensive product. So we’re not talking anything that’s going to be material to tthey bottom line. It will theylp, it a little bit. But tthey main thing was is tthey vulnerability of someone else supplying while ttheyy’re a great company and we had no reason to doubt that, it was just something that was in our wtheyelhouse of abilities to add that to tthey vertical thought process of we manufacture units, we don’t assemble units. Julio Romero Sounds exciting. And just one more for me. Ttheyre was a comment in tthey press release, BasX and you’ve learned that revenue synergies are better than initially estimated. Can you expand on that at all? Gary Fields Well, tthey part that I see is some of ttheyse clients that ttheyy had were kind of constraining how much ttheyy would grant ttheym in an order. How much ttheyy wanted to risk with ttheym because it was a huge percentage of ttheyir annual production, for instance. And now that ttheyy’re part of a larger foundation, ttheyn ttheyy’re looking at that purchase from BasX as a percentage of tthey whole enterprise, not as a percentage of BasX. So ttheyy have already attained orders for much higtheyr dollar volume per order than anything that ttheyy’d ever experienced in tthey theirtory of tthey company. Fact is, ttheyir backlog is up nearly tthey same percentage as our legacy company. Let’s see theyre, almost 300% year-over-year. And by tthey way, ttheyir theyad count is up 75% year-over-year. So ttheyy’ve been able to get people ttheyre too and produce. But that was one aspect of it. Tthey ottheyr aspect was that ttheyre were people in AAON’s legacy sales channel that had entrees to some of tthey customer base that is traditionally BasX customer base. And we’ve been able to leverage those relationships and collaborate and land some work that was both tthey legacy company provided equipment on it and tthey new company BasX provided. So that’s wtheyre we’ve leveraged some of that. Ttheyn purchasing, tthey legacy company buys a tremendous amount of steel, for instance. And we were looking at ttheyir steel purchasing, and ttheyy were not able to use that purchasing power that we had until we got a hold of ttheym. And we’ve been able to improve ttheyir cost basis on steel is just one thing. And I’m sure ttheyre’s ottheyrs that are less significant to me or not quite as visible. But that’s wtheyre I was going with that in that statement. Is that clear that? Julio Romero It does, thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Gary Fields Certainly Operator At ttheir point, we do not have any ottheyr questions from participants. Gary Fields Yes, Joe, go atheyad and close it out for us, please. Joseph Mondillo I’m sorry. I’d like to thank everyone for joining today’s call. If anyone has any furttheyr questions in tthey coming days and weeks, please reach out to myself. Thanks. And we look forward to speaking with everyone next time. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s event. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.