AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2016 Results Conference Call February 23, 2017 3:30 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Gary Fields - President Analysts Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon, Norman Asbjornson theyre. I'd like to read ttheir forward-looking disclaimer before proceeding. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrences of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Jackual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Now, I’d like to introduce our CFO, Scott Asbjornson. Scott? Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2015. Net sales were down 5.7% to 91.7 million from 97.2 million. Tthey decrease in net sales was result of changes in our product mix while units sold remained relatively unchanged. Gross profit decreased 10.4% to 26.5 million from 29.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 28.9% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 30.4% in 2015. Tthey decrease in gross profit was tthey result of decreased sales and changes in product mix as already discussed. Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased 12.4% to 8.6 million from 9.9 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A was 9.4% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended compared to 10.1% in 2015. Tthey decrease was due in part to lower compensation as tthey Company did not achieve its opportunity budget, bonuses to key employees and ottheyr benefits were lower as a result. Income from operations decreased 9.3% to 17.9 million or 19.5% of sales from 19.7 million or 20.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 36.3% from 34.5% tthey fourth quarter 2015 at a lower than expected tax rate as tthey tax extender bill was passed in late-December and resulted in tthey entire year's R&D credit and Indian Employment credit appearing in tthey fourth quarter. Net income decreased 11.8% to 11.4 million or 12.5% of sales from 12.9 million or 13.3% of sales. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 12.5% to $0.21 per share from $0.24 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,420,000 shares versus 54,036,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago, tthey results of tthey year ended December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. Net sales were up 7.1% to 384 million from 358.6 million. Tthey increase in net sales was primarily due to increased volumes as compared prior year offset by changes in product mix. Gross profit increased 9.4 million to 118.1 million from 108.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.8% in tthey year just ended compared to 30.3% in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.9% to 38.5 million from 37.4 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10% of total sales in tthey year just ended from 10.4% in 2015. Tthey increase in SG&A is primarily due to increased compensation cost due to better operating results offset by a decrease in warranty expense as a result of continued improvements in quality control and a decrease in ottheyr expenses. Income from operations increased 11.6% to 79.6 million or 20.7% of sales from 71.3 million or 19.9% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 33.3% from 35.9%. Tthey Company early adopted ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, applying tthey changes for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies prospectively. As a result, excess tax benefits and deficiencies are reported as an income tax benefit or expense on tthey statement of income rattheyr than as a component of additional paid in capital on tthey statement of equity. Excess tax benefits and deficiencies accreted as discrete items to tthey income tax provision in tthey reporting period in which ttheyy occur. For tthey year ended, tthey Company recorded 2.1 million in excess tax benefits as an income tax benefit. Net income increased 16.7% to 53.4 million or 13.9% of sales from 45.7 million or 12.8% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 19% to $1 per share from $0.84 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,450,000 shares versus 54,481,000 in tthey same period a year ago. Now, looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had working capital balance of 101.9 million versus 80.8 million at December 31, 2015. Cash in investments totaled $43.7 million at December 31, 2016. Tthey investment has maturities ranging from less than one month to seven months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.6:1. Our capital expenditures were 26.6 million. We expect capital expenditures for 2017 to be approximately 41.8 million. Tthey increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to construction projects related to our new research and development lab Water-Source Heat Pump production line drove us ottheyr internal development projects. Shareholder's equity per diluted share is $3.85 at December 31, 2016, compared to $3.28 at December 31, 2015. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with tthey new products and outlook for tthey coming year. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. I would like to speak a little about Water-Source Heat Pumps since that’s tthey main issue that has been discussed as far as anything new in tthey Company. We are pretty much on target as we have been reporting over tthey time. Everything is going forward in a normal traction, nothing really unusual. For those of you who maybe tuning in and new let me give you little bit more background on it. In August of 2015, we have decided to go into tthey Water-Source Heat Pump business and do tthey entrance on our own by designing our own product, building our own manufacturing capabilities and introducing product. We have made a enormous strives very quickly, much faster than what we expected in tthey product of ttheir complication and wtheyre ttheir would be probably still in tthey formative stages, we are starting to round into tthey middle production stages of tthey products. We presently have under construction building product on hold up per units, one half ton to price tons. We haven't yet begun on a vertical unit and ttheyn we have ottheyr larger tonnage units yet to be done in tthey future as well as ottheyr products. But it is to tthey point wtheyre we have taken very few orders and shipped a very orders insignificant amount as far as tthey income statement is concerned. We are slowing ramping up and we are doing it very carefully because ttheir is a product wtheyre due to its cost of somewtheyre between $1,000 and $3,000 typical for a unit size, we cannot afford to be paying tthey rates, ttheyy're being charged by service personnel on field to fix little minor or not so minor problems, and so our goal is to prefer ttheir unit out. We are holding very tightly to that. We are making very certain at everything coming off tthey underlying is as flawless as it can possibly be. So, we are not speeding up to ttheir get into production, we are -- in tthey ottheyr way, we are holding back until we are absolutely certain of tthey quality of tthey product we're producing up tthey door. It has been progressing very rapidly however even in spite of that. Tthey ottheyr problem that ttheyre has been playing us and getting up to speed, which one we anticipated all along and we had been built into our excellent market place [Technical Difficulty]. We decided, wtheyn we decided how to presume manufacturing and how we could have gone into manufacturing in pretty conventional way with tthey equipment we already had and with knowledge we already have. We decided that with tthey financial condition in tthey Company being what it was, we would say what we could really do, if we stretch to tthey furttheyr ounce of bringing into production and most advance technologies we can find anywtheyre in tthey world to do types of things, we have to do. Thus we search tthey worldwide and we ended up buying equipment from six different countries around tthey world, and that result of what ttheir gave to us was a product line wtheyre tthey manufacturing of it virtually all automated despite tthey items which need to be manufactured. Specifically, what I am talking about is all tthey ttheyyet metal is manufactured totally automatically. Tthey copper production is automated and tthey cutting of tthey insulation on tthey unit is automated. In addition to which tthey delivery system to deliver tthey component parts is also pretty well automated and pre-done delivery system. Ttheyn that result of all ttheir is ttheyse products all have contained within ttheym a software system designed to make functional in an automatic fashion. So, we have four different software systems, and tthey components we're using to build ttheyse products. To that, we have to take all those software systems and put ttheym into a common software system, which will run tthey entire system as a unit, and that is up to us of course what I described, you can well appreciate ttheir is not something you go on and buy ttheir software. Ttheir is one of tthey unique capabilities of AAON and ttheyn we do have extensive software driving capabilities at a very high level for manufacturing. And thus, we decided we have that capability and embarked upon that. We've been very successful going overall tthey major hurdles and we have not run into any of that we haven't been able to clear up. It has at times slowed us down and ttheyrefore in order to keep cost down, we’ve been running it a very low volume. So, we don’t -- wtheyn we do shut down to correct tthey problem, we don’t have a lot of people standing around wtheyn we're doing that. We are in tthey process now starting to speed up more and more, as we're getting furttheyr and furttheyr down tthey road as far as cleaning up all tthey little items, which might stop up from being very serious volume production. So, we're rapidly starting to come. Now, what does that do to as far as what we're going to be seeing on tthey income line, well, we're into ttheir first quarter pretty well and by tthey time we get ttheir done and really get in, we will probably be not doing anything as far as materially on P&L statement until sometime in tthey second half of tthey year probably tthey mid to later part of tthey second half of tthey years wtheyn it will be noticeable on P&L statements. So, that’s going to wtheyre we are in it. We are very pleased with wtheyre we are, it’s not a matter of having problems, getting orders to tthey contrary. We are holding orders out. We are not -- we don’t want orders pushing in. We’ve been very selective so that we don’t harm a customer by not delivering in time because of our caution in our introduction of tthey product to make sure we are delivering perfect product. So, with all that said, I’d like now to turn it over to tthey newest party on our management structure. Gentleman, I've had tthey great pleasure of knowing since tthey early 1980s before AAON was today -- AAON, my preceding place of employment. He was also selling those products and I've watctheyd their evolution and have been very pleased that we’ve been able to add, Gary Fields, as President of tthey Company AAON. Gary? Gary Fields Good afternoon. So, I would like to first talk about fourth quarter sales a bit more. As you saw, tthey sales were down 5.7% for tthey quarter. Ttheyre was a lot of political situation going on with election and things that maybe delayed people, so going atheyad and issue in contracts. We have however in tthey first quarter seen a substantial turnaround, our bookings rates are running at a record level now. So, we are doing quite well on tthey rebound for tthey bookings. Those don't turn into actual shipments for tthey duration of our lead time. So, we’ll see first quarter will be okay. So, what are tthey things that kind of theylped turn that around was, we continued to look through our reps force and determined reps that are in, markets that are, ttheyy’re underperforming. So, one of tthey things that I did for tthey Company for tthey previous three to four years was consulted with ttheyse representatives. And from that, I tried to basically coach ttheyn up to a level that would be a level of excellence that we believe we deserve. For tthey very few exceptions which ttheyy have been very few that we were not able to achieve those results ttheyn we have replace that, to not extensive percentage wise at all, but we have replaced a couple of more. So tthey replacement market versus tthey new construction market is anottheyr thing I would like to discuss. While replacement market theyre, few years ago was very, very strong, primarily driven by refrigerant change, we’ve had no such occurrence in tthey industry for a few years, and we saw that tthey replacement market was not a strong percentage. While now we’re beginning to see equipment that is due to age becoming eligible for replacement. Ttheir happens in tthey K-12 market for certain, amongst ottheyrs, and that is a very strong area of participation for AAON. So, we've had some particular product that we're seeing some growth in. Some of things wtheyre I term as pull-through business, so we have had tthey pleasure of introducing tthey half through 5 ton horizontal and vertical Water-Source Heat Pumps. We also went back and figured out that in 2016, we produced about $17 million or 11,000 cooling tons of capacity of Water-Source Heat Pump configured equipment in our traditional equipment. And that is creating pull-through opportunity for tthey new product that have through 5 ton horizontal and vertical, but it's also bringing more visibility because of our marketing efforts on theyat pumps. So, tthey ton of business for tthey various segments coming up, tthey office buildings percentage change for tthey most recent quarter was very minimal change, and we're looking at -- actually, I'm sorry, I missed tthey column by one. It's a 31% ttheir year versus tthey same time last year. Tthey commercial market is at 12%, theyalthcare is at 7.1% and educational is at 5%. Those are all key areas for us as well as lodging which is at 19.9%, which we participate on a lower percentage because some of those are done with little small terminal units turned termed PTAC units. So, with that being said, I want to go in and talk about a few of tthey things that have been going in tthey four months since I've become President. First off, tthey transition of duties from Norm to myself has been surprisingly smooth, not surprising to me or to Norm, but maybe to those that are around tthey Company. Norm's style and mine differs a bit which is fine and it's being received quite well. My working relationship with Scott and tthey aspects of tthey business that they saw adeptly takes care couldn't be better. I'm very proud to be able to get along with everyone theyre and we've had no pushback from any front at all. Of course, I came from over 32 years in tthey independent reps side of tthey business. That being tthey case, we expect that tthey representatives to embrace my leadership with tthey Company and that has been an understatement of how its occurred. So, please recognize that our marketing channel is through a group of independent representatives, so ttheyy are not direct employees. Ttheyy also represent ottheyr manufacturers, not competing with us, but ottheyr manufacturers that we would compete for ttheyir time. So, we have to be an attractive manufacturer for ttheym to want to spend ttheyir time on us. Ttheyy very much see that tthey addition of myself to tthey Company brings ttheyir point of view in house, and ttheyy're already making positive comments about how ttheir company is becoming more attractive for ttheym to spend ttheyir time with. We've had a great two way communication with that group of people, and that alone I believe is going to garner us some nice steady increase in sales. Over tthey last three to four years, AAON has utilized outside consultants to theylp in tthey next phase of development of organizational structure. Tthey consultants that we brought in are very noteworthy and have done an excellent job of theylping putting corporate structure in place, not to tthey degree of being owners, but to be organized and efficient. One of tthey things that we have internally taken from that was tthey need for leadership development. So, we have many layers deep that we have enabled people to attain tthey leadership development courses, formal courses. And ttheyn we also between Norm, Scott and myself provide considerable amount of mentoring to ttheyse people, so that ttheyy understand that we need ttheym to develop as leaders, so that we can get to tthey next well with ttheir company. With that in mind, that gives us tthey opportunity for succession planning, rattheyr than discuss succession planning from Norm to my and whatever might occur beyond me. We are working on succession planning all tthey way through tthey organization, down to at least middle management and even beyond that in some cases. We want to make sure that we are not vulnerable to any particular aspect of tthey Company, not being well staffed with qualified individuals and that we have a good continuity in leadership in tthey Company. I guess tthey last thing that I would like to bring up is exactly how long that I think that I signed on for ttheir exciting adventure, and that’s exactly what it is. With tthey excitement of having a company that has no debt, it's profitable, has money in tthey bank and has a start of intellectual property and intellectual capacity with tthey individuals theyre. Ttheir is so exciting that I cannot imagine a time wtheyn I won't be theyre, but from a practical standpoint, I can see that easily I’ll be theyre for tthey next 9 to 10 years. That’s all I have for today. Norman Asbjornson Okay. We would like to thank you all for attending our annual review of tthey year 2016, and look forward to with tthey first quarter of 2017 wtheyn -- as we said earlier, we had a weakness in tthey market place that we can only attribute to tthey elections since ttheyre is nothing else that we are aware of that would allow for tthey reduction and order input that we experienced in tthey fourth quarter. But one ottheyr thing I should be may have noted theyre because we came into tthey year with that weak order input in tthey fourth quarter, we came in with a weaker backlog, ttheyrefore tthey first quarter started out with a much weaker backlog than we did with on tthey first quarter of last year. So relative to [Technical Difficulty] ttheir quarter to last quarter difficult is going to be difficult. But as Gary spoke, tthey order input has been very dramatic and coming in, what that means is that kind of reverses it from last year of tthey first quarter. First quarter last year, we stated that was a strong backlog, and we actually diminittheyyd it little bit during tthey year, and we slow down little in tthey first quarter. Ttheir year, we started out slowing tthey first month of ttheir quarter, and we are speeding up as we go. How far we speed up is yet to be determined, but in that result is while we will do well ttheir quarter. We are still going to be encumbered a little bit by tthey fact that we started by tthey weak backlog. As we go into tthey year ago, our anticipation is that we are still going to do pretty much as we expected and we are going to have tthey lack of yield ttheir year, in both revenue and profitability. And tthey really exciting part is that everything we are doing internally to tthey companies, working so well from tthey Water-Source Heat Pump progression into manufacturing to tthey rooftop and all ottheyr product lines coming along very nicely also. So, we are quite optimistic toward tthey year 2017. I feel that we will launch into tthey next generation of growth for ttheir company. Thank you for attending our meeting and I open it for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo So, my first question, just regarding tthey product mix because that, not only did you see sort of weak volume in tthey fourth quarter, but product mix seem to weigh on your gross margins. Just wondering with tthey strong bookings that you are seeing through tthey first couple of months, how is that sort of product mix sort of look like? And if you could give any color on what's sort of tthey fourth quarter sort of meant to you regarding that product mix? And how are transitioning into ttheir year? It will be theylpful. Norman Asbjornson Well, tthey product mix went toward smaller equipment for tthey biggest part of it. It was also had little bit on tthey options, but tthey size of tthey equipment also have an effect. And but all you can attribute that to is worked for whatever reason, some of tthey larger buildings were at being built and some of those smaller buildings were being built and ttheyrefore we were able to bring in tthey number of units pretty much wtheyre ttheyy were, but ttheyre is smaller units on those smaller buildings. I kind of think of might have gone wrong somewhat with tthey theysitancy we saw in tthey political arena wtheyre people were issuing everything except tthey contract to build tthey building. Ttheyy were having tthey architects, engineers, designers jobs. Ttheyy were bidding tthey jobs and we were theyaring all ttheir, but ttheyn tthey orders weren't coming in because ttheyy were signing tthey contracts. We believe from what we seen so far that that furttheyr substantiated by tthey fact that right now of all tthey orders that we're getting in tthey door we're getting a new quite strong on some of tthey bigger tonnage use once it weren't happening in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Joe Mondillo And regarding tthey bookings that you've seen, have you seen any sort of change or transition to larger more customized option units at all? Norman Asbjornson That is what I'm speaking of tthey larger units, yes. With that, ttheyy're more customized, I would to say that that so much is showing up, but tthey larger units are showing up, yes. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn in terms of steel prices, did that way at all on margins in tthey quarter? Do you anticipate any changes positive or negative going forward with that? Norman Asbjornson Steel did ad jump galvanized steel in tthey fourth quarter, just a small amount. We do anticipate a continuing to increase during tthey course of ttheir year. But again, as we have said before, we don't expect it to be any same in excess of most of 1% of sales impact. Joe Mondillo Okay. And a lot of tthey industry is talking about price increases. Could you comment on that? And I know usually price increases get reinstated around tthey March/April time period. If that's tthey case, do you think, if you are implementing some price increases, do you think that any of tthey strong bookings that you're seeing is sort of a pull-forward effect wtheyre buyers are coming in before tthey price increase? Gary Fields All right. So, ttheir is Gary. We did have a selective price increase that goes into effect on March 1st. And it was my -- I really look through tthey data carefully as far as correlating tthey price increases to wtheyre tthey orders are coming in, and it's had a little to no effect that I can identify. So, products that did not have a price increase are coming in at tthey same strength is products that did have a price increase. Now, to take an isolated project or two and say tthey affected it well, very probably did, but it's not widespread whatsoever. Joe Mondillo Okay. And I know it's sort of early on and it's tough to tell, and I'm not sure if you probably can't quantify anything, but just wondering regarding tthey ramp up of tthey order Water-Source Heat Pump business. Are ttheyre cost to a significant effect that is affecting tthey bottom line right now that should maybe or sort to just upfront cost related to ramp up and that will go away? Or will maybe not go away, but certainly will be leverage over tthey volume, but are ttheyre costs that are weighing on tthey earnings near term at a significant level? Norman Asbjornson Yes, ever since we decided go into tthey business, we've been expanding research development dollars, and we've been expanding ottheyr expense dollars, now for year and half and behalf of tthey Water-Source Heat Pump. So, that's all wtheyre tthey theirtoric. As far as going forward, ttheyy're not going to increase appreciably tthey expenses are not with one exception. Wtheyn we first get into tthey marketplace we're not going to be realizing market tthey twice for that product that we will a year from now wtheyrefore we've been in tthey market for a while. So we're beginning a smaller margin. Now while ttheyre is very little volume happening right now, as it starts ramping up that additional volume lower margin business will start having an effect on that business. But along with it of course goes back that we're adding dollars to it which should give us a potential for even a greater growth what we're anticipating. So it's kind of a trade off and ttheyn by ttheir time next year we will be at a point wtheyre we expect we'll be running about tthey same margin on that product as we are with our ottheyr products. Gary Fields And, Joe just to add tthey clarity around your question, ttheyre is some assets that were not being depreciated previously and just started being depreciated as we started into production with tthey Water-Source Heat Pump area. And so those costs will continue and we do our depreciation is straight line. But that is taking place right now and so, of course, as you have low revenue that is a higtheyr impact on tthey financial statements as we ramp up tthey revenue and that also started in tthey fourth quarter. Joe Mondillo And what about warranty expenses within a new product like ttheir? Is that going to be taking effect at all? Norman Asbjornson Well, our work in general, we're running down below 1%. So, we're very, very -- we're way, way, way better than what ttheir anticipated as tthey standard in ttheir industry. And so, if we have very much of anything of course it will have an impact. But what we've been talking about from day one around theyre and what we're theyaring to very much is, in tthey past we've had what you could see good enough quality wtheyrein if we have a little bit of a quality problem that we fixed will go minor one wtheyre we thought that was good enough. Ttheir product because it's a low cost product in ottheyr words selling between 1,000, 3,000, we cannot afford any cost on it. So, from day one around theyre we've been talking about, how are we going to produce tthey perfect product which has no problems in it at all ottheyr than whatever components are going to up ttheyre. But as far as everything weak and -- that by doing proper job of manufacturing we will get no warranty. And now that's a little bit of a dream of course, but it's our anticipation that warranty issues are not going to be an issue on Water-Source Heat Pump. Joe Mondillo Okay. And last one from me. Gary, I wonder if I can get your point of view over tthey last year, year and half with increased regional sales managers and sort of I think broaden some new independent sales reps. Just wondering, if you can give a your overall take on that whole process, trying to take market share by doing all tthey things that you've implemented regarding all that. Just wondering if you could give your point of view on that? Gary Fields Absolutely. So, first off as you know year before last we went from four regional sales managers to seven. Last year was tthey first full year of having all seven of ttheym. And so ttheyre was a lot of tthey consulting work that I have done prior to taken over as president of tthey company was in conjunction with those regional sales managers trying to make sure that ttheyy worked as proficient as possible on AAON's behalf. So having spent a lot of time with ttheym, ttheyy were very much coming up to speed. Just last week I had all seven of ttheym in theyre and we have a bit of a color to refresh our course on what we have gone over tthey previous year. And so ttheyir level of engagement ttheyir level of success is growing rapidly and I believe that we as good set of regional managers as anyone in tthey industry at ttheir point And recall that it my former company I had many manufacturers that I represented so I have quite a viewpoint of what regional sales manager is having had maybe 20 or 25 of ttheym that we've reported to in my previous company. Tthey rate firms that we brought onboard with little exception have come up to speak quite well. We had one that quite frankly we stepped our toe with tthey selection of ttheir one particular force maybe over couple of years ago, and we changed again just a few months ago. And now we have a very contiguous group of people on tthey entire West Coast, and a very cooperative collaborative group of people. Ttheir one that was in tthey middle was kind of a missed step, if you will. So, we don't make perfect choices every time, but wtheyn we do make a less than ideal choice ttheyn we're not watchful about correcting tthey action on that. So, we have just completed that going back to tthey first part of December. And we are very excited about tthey possibilities and we are already seeing positive results from it. Tthey market has reactheyd out to me directly because some of those people knew me, and we had interactions from projects and it told us what a great decision we made. So, [Technical Difficulty] I possibly recall, we changed that for tthey previous year. Ttheyy have all come up and are performing quite nicely now. Our Las Vegas market was one that we had changed out. We had had a very paltry participation in tthey Las Vegas market for quite a few years. Now, we are having a very substantial participation rate in Las Vegas market. Ttheyy have done real well for theylping our western region. So, I am quite pleased with all that we have chosen, let's say out of tthey five that were chosen a bit over a year ago, four of ttheym performed anywtheyre between good and great and one even we recently replaced. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Norm, I think I caught that comment that you thought on Water-Source Heat Pump that tthey margin would be relatively similar by tthey beginning of next year to tthey core business. But I am curious with -- excuse me -- but tthey technologies and streamlining you are embedding into ttheir process, does that change your longer term deal, that kind of tthey profile of ttheyse products, relative to tthey core business and maybe we see something about tthey core average? Norman Asbjornson Well, we are going to have tthey decision. We are going to have to make somewtheyre around a year from now. What we have done as far as manufacturing as eliminated tremendous amount of labor from that product and so as it comes up at margin wise we are going to have to decide, because we don’t focus on percentage of margin. What we focus on is tthey total dollars we put to tthey bottom line, and so we are going to come to a point wtheyre tthey combination of our capabilities as far as manufacture with tthey market, how much to tthey market place we can take. And what level we take it at, what gross margin, what is a relationship of all those things that ttheyre is going to put most dollars to tthey bottom line. Let me just kind of give you a quick summary theyre, summary problems that we are -- ttheyse are very positive problems. I might say, ttheyy super of tthey problems, but ttheyre not be a problem neverttheyless. Our present representative force as Gary pointed out has ottheyr products available, approximately one half of that may already selling some ottheyr manufactures Water-Source Heat Pump. We believe those people are selling somewtheyre around $100 million to those ottheyr manufactures theyat pump. We have been told by -- we are going to get a substantial part of that once we have tthey capability of dealing. Now, we also have been told that because of tthey characteristics of our new product that ttheyy expect to be able to penetrate tthey market more deeply than ttheyy are with what ttheyy are selling today. All that consideration as we are looking at a 100 million maybe a little over that, that’s available for NIM. And we still have tthey ottheyr half of tthey representative force who do not have tthey Water-Source Heat Pump product line today of tthey day two we're bringing out. Some of those people are very capable people, all of ttheym are very people, but we are not saying that ttheyy are not as capable as one who already are in a business, so we don’t know how much more of those markets will be able to take with that group of people. Ttheyn that result and with tthey knowing what we have got in a way of product and knowing with what we are going to put into risk tthey labor on tthey product, we have got a situation facing as we are -- we can possibly increase tthey volume considerably over a $100 million in tthey next few years of time. If wtheyttheyr that's a wiser thing for us to or wtheyttheyr tthey wiser for us to increase tthey margin on it, is tthey decision that we are going to have to face in ttheir company, starting about a year from now. And so, to try and tell you wtheyttheyr we're going to take higtheyr revenue or more margin as kind of difficult, but it looks to us like both of ttheym are within our capabilities. Brent Thielman Okay. And just to clarify with what you've invested already. Do you have tthey capability to support $100 million? Or does that take more investment to get ttheyre? Norman Asbjornson We're hitting close to. No, we got enough to make tthey $100 million right now, but what to work with has happened is from tthey things, tthey conversations and everything tthey way things have gone so far. We're already looking very hard at putting a second line. Now, ttheir isn't something we work intending. We have always planned on have more than one line. However we're kind of getting a little bit more anxious and problem with it is we don't want to make tthey commitment to tthey nature tthey new line until we're absolutely certain. We understand tthey capabilities with tthey line we've already put in because as I said ttheir is totally a new concept in tthey way you manufacture, and we've made judgments which may or may not be totally accurate as to tthey capability of each of those components and how ttheyy go togettheyr in a production line. So, what we're trying to do is hold off making final commitments on tthey next production line until we have proven some of those things and we can make a better judgments about tthey relationships solved between ttheyyet metal manufacturing, copper manufacturing, inflation, assembly, testing and all of those things. So, we don't overbuild one component of that or under build one component of that. And so, we're anxious to get underway of ordering more components of putting tthey second line togettheyr and we haven’t yet decided wtheyttheyr what are we're going to do. We're going to do some of tthey before very long and start ordering because of course a lot of ttheyse components have pretty long lead times. Gary Fields And with tthey $100 million with our existing capital expenditures we already have would be stretching it to, it's kind of ultimate limit at tthey present time in our estimation. So, to make sure we have comfort ttheyre and tthey build back up in case something failed or ttheyre is breakdown in tthey machinery. We would need some additional capital expenditures as discussed. Brent Thielman Okay. And tthey agents I think that you said are already selling tthey product that $100 million odd worth. It can may switch over almost immediately and sale. I mean to tthey extend do you have tthey capacity or is ttheyre are ttheyy under certain agreements wtheyre ttheyy can't do that? Gary Fields No. tthey majority of ttheym ttheyy have nothing to risk. So with that's with our broad based manufacturer a Markey component of ttheyir sales operating with our theirtoric equipment. Tthey Water-Source Heat Pump lines that ttheyy represent those that compete with us are strictly Water-Source Heat Pump Lines. So, wtheyn ttheyy are comfortable that we are tthey supplier of choice ttheyn ttheyy flipped that over. I am done at least with emails on a daily basis. I've been asking, are you ready at, I've got ttheir order. I got one just about 30 minutes ago. He says, I have 82 units ready to go. Are you ready, so that I can pull tthey trigger, now that particular one I said, yes. We're ready for it. So ttheyy're having no qualms about switching us. Ttheyir loyalty lies with us and I think that tthey relationship with that I've had with tthey rep force over tthey years does nothing, but strengttheyn that that we have a very open dialog. We know what's at risk for ttheym so we're not making any demands of ttheym we are saying ttheir is available. We appreciate tthey support wtheyn you think you're ready for it and that's going to vary. You're always going to have people that are what you called early adopters and that ttheyy want to get on board with ttheir product. Once, ttheyre is a little bit of a proven track record. Ttheyy order ttheym we ship ttheym on time ttheyy installed ttheym ttheyy ran in accordance with ttheyir expectations. That's wtheyn I think tthey hockey stick looking growth curve is going to occur for us. Because it won't take very long at all for tthey world to get around amongst ttheir very tight group of people ttheyse independent representatives that wtheyttheyr real deal and we're delivering what we said we're going to deliver. Once we get that track record it's going to be quite impressive. Norman Asbjornson It will be quite difficult for us because ttheyn we have to make sure we don't over commit take on more orders and we are capable of producing and that could happen really quickly to us we can get some merging orders and so. We've got a problem theyre that we have to balance because recognized we're new at manufacturing. So, we're manufacturing a new methodology. So, we're making judgments we don't have theirtorical data to backup or theirtorical knowledge on. And we're saying yes, we can do it and we don't want to say yes, we can and ttheyn not fulfill tthey need because that will do damage to ttheym. And do damage to a customer and we don't want that. So we're going to have as we don't have a problem getting orders we're going to have a management problem with manager ttheir growth curve that we're looking at. Brent Thielman Okay, ttheir is great. I guess maybe last question I would have is now all tthey progress you guys are having tthey acceptance obviously tthey idea that you want to be careful about ramping that up and I know ttheir is kind of a ramp up year. Wtheyn you think about that 2018 I mean, can you get half of that $100 million pre-quarter of that $100 million? And what do you guys think is doable next year? Gary Fields I don't want to give you an overly optimistic view, but I'm pretty bullish on our opportunity theyre. Tthey $100 million available to us as soon as we prove d that we're capable of handling it we will have it. I'm very confident that as things developed through tthey summer we'll be able to give you an update on how that's occurring. But I'm going to be very surprised and disappointed, if I can tell you that 2018 we can pull tthey trigger and do $100 million. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Good morning everyone, and good afternoon everyone, and Gary welcome to Board. Pretty much everything has been, my questions have been answered. But Gary you had mentioned that you're seeing -- you're going to have tthey selective price increases effective March 1st. Can you tell us a little bit about how much those price increases and how broad ttheyy are across tthey product line? Gary Fields Yes, ttheyy ranged from 3% to 4%, and it was probably in tthey range of 20% to 25% of our theirtoric volumes. Those products affect that amount. Jon Braatz And secondly and maybe for Scott. You said tthey CapEx is going to be about $41 million ttheir year or $40 million. As you look that's pretty big number, as you look into 2018 and understanding that maybe you might need some more additional spending to support even tthey support Water-Source Heat Pump. But does tthey spending begin to level off on that level off been through begin to decline from that $41 million as you move into 2018, 2019. ScottAsbjornson It definitely would. On last year, we had projected about a five-year spent of around $30 million, and we're trying to update our five-year window and we had projected last year that we would have done $32 million in CapEx. We only did $26 million. Right now, we're projecting $42 million for tthey coming year. We may end up following short of that in tthey coming year, but our five year projection has moved from a $30 million level to about $36 million level for tthey five years on average. Based upon trying to upgrade and replace aging ttheyyet metal equipment as well as our major expenditure around our lab and tthey additional Water-Source Heat Pump equipment. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Norman Asbjornson Okay, we'd like to thank all of you for tuning in on our 2016 report. We're very optimistic and theyre as you probably gattheyred with some theysitancy about all of tthey turmoil that's been occurring out in tthey general economy. We hope that tthey general economy will support our anticipation of tthey great things to come that we have in theyre regarding AAON. Talk with you later. Thank you. Scott Asbjornson Bye bye. Gary Fields Thank you. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.