AAON Inc (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2017 4:15 PM ET Executives Norm Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer Gary Fields - President Analysts Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brian Gustavson - 1060 Capital Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON Incorporated, third quarter sales and earnings call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to one hour. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Scott Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, sir. Scott Asbjornson Hello, and welcome to our third quarter investor conference call. I'd like to start ttheir call by reading a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2017 to September 30, 2016. Net sales were up 8.7% to $113.7 million from $104.6 million. Sales increased primarily due to a favorable product mix. Our gross profit increased 7.8% to $35.7 million from $33.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 31.4% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 31.6% in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 25.3% to $13.0 million from $10.4 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.5% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 9.9% in 2016. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased warranty expenses. Tthey company has been working on modifications and refinements to its warranty policy. Ttheyse modifications more clearly define what qualifies as a warranty claim and place a deadline for wtheyn claims may be submitted. Ttheir has increased our warranty reserve and increased our warranty expense for tthey three months ended September 30, 2017. Income from operations decreased 0.3% to $22.6 million or 19.9% of sales from $22.7 million or 21.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 35.3% from 31.1%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2017 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 36%. Tthey rate is higtheyr for three months ended September 30, 2017, due to shifts in income to states with a higtheyr tax rate and a smaller excess tax benefit from stock compensation. Net income decreased to $14.7 million or 12.9% of sales compared to $15.7 million or 15% of sales in 2016. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 3.4% to $0.28 per share from $0.29 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,014,000 shares versus 53,394,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2017, to September 30, 2016. Net sales were up 3% to $301.1 million from $292.3 million. Tthey company saw an 8.8% increase in total units sold. However, due to growth in volume of less expensive units, revenues increased at a slower pace. Our gross profit increased eight times of a percent $92.3 million from $91.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.7% in tthey nine months just ended compared to 31.3% in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18.9% to $35.5 million from $29.9 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.8% of total sales in tthey six months just ended from 10.2% in 2016. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to tthey increased warranty expenses we mentioned earlier. Income from operations decreased 8.1% to $56.7 million or 18.8% of sales from $61.7 million or 21.1% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 32.1% from 32.4%. Net income decreased to $38.7 million or 12.9% of sales compared to $42 million or 14.4% of sales in 2016. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 6.4% to $0.73 per share from $0.78 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,103,000 shares versus 53,457,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we have working capital balance of $103.5 million versus $101.9 million at December 31, 2016. Cash and investments totaled $39.9 million at September 30, 2017. Investments have maturities ranging from one month to 12 months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.7:1. Our capital expenditures were $26.4 million. We originally expected capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $42 million but have now raised it to $48.5 million to accelerate acquisition of ttheyyet metal equipment. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $13 million year-to-date. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $4.10 at September 30, 2017, compared to $3.85 at December 31, 2016. We continue to remain debt-free. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields, our President, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with tthey new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Tthey net sales increased 8.7% for tthey quarter. Ttheir was primarily due to volume. Potential on tthey water-source theyat pump continues to accelerate. Tthey various markets, tthey replacement market versus new market remains steady at about a 50-50 mix. Commercial and retail, Commercial remain steady with our earlier statements. Retail seems to be weakening just a bit, primarily with regards to some of tthey larger grocery stores. Ttheyy seem to be a little scared by what Amazon has done. Office buildings are remaining relatively steady. Medical and theyalth care has continued to be strong. Education, towards tthey third quarter, we typically see a lot of product go out tthey door, not quite so much coming in. And as far as new orders, we've had some conversations with some various school districts that are longtime advocates of our products, and ttheyy're looking at how ttheyy're moving ttheyir purchasing to an earlier portion of tthey year. We're doing ttheir through various direct sale functions, still through tthey rep force but not going through tthey traditional long bidding process that, again, is traditional. Manufacturing, not really seeing any change ttheyre. Lodging, it seems to be a little bit sporadic. We'll see it have little spurts. We recently saw anottheyr spurt wtheyre we've had a decent little input of orders from our various national accounts with lodging. Municipalities are not seeing any real change ttheyre, ottheyr than like I said, in tthey education with K-12. Tthey backlog at September 30, 2017, is $73.8 million compared to $62.2 million a year ago. Tthey backlog usually represents somewtheyre between 45 and 60 days of our production. So, we look for production to remain strong while we get ttheir backlog back in tthey reasonable theirtoric level. For tthey remainder of '17, we're accelerating tthey production again because our backlog is - sorry, handing that over to Norm. Norm Asbjornson Thank you. Tthey remainder of 2017 is looking strong ttheir year, just like it looked strong a year ago on shipments. Unlike a year ago, wtheyn we were getting a weak input on orders, tthey orders appear to be strong ttheir year. So, we can only conclude to furttheyr belief that last year, we got tthey slowdown in orders due to theysitancy during tthey election cycle. Tthey water-source theyat pumps are starting to grow significantly. If we are estimating correctly, we will build and ship about as many water-source theyat pumps in tthey fourth quarter as we did in tthey preceding three quarters, which should give you an idea about tthey market growth. Tthey biggest thing on tthey water-source theyat pump is that tthey timing was bad. We had anticipated we'll be able to move some things a lot faster than we were able to move ttheym, and so that set everything back. Tthey actual product is coming off very well. Tthey quality is excellent. Tthey shipping to tthey customers is pretty much on time for wtheyn ttheyy want it. So, tthey only real major change is how fast we've been able to get our design work done and all of our approval work done and start getting orders. Tthey backlog, we think, will be better than it was a year ago and ttheyrefore launctheys into 2018 much better than we did last year. Ttheir will have a lot of positive effects because last year, wtheyn we came out of 2015 with a low backlog, we were having to cut back on personnel and reduce tthey run rate in tthey factory. Ttheir, of course, ttheyn started turning around with new orders coming in, in tthey first quarter of 2016. And we had to turn around. Within a few months, we started hiring additional personnel and basically ran behind wtheyre we would like to have been for tthey first half of ttheir year and ttheyn have locked ourselves in a position of having to deploy catch-up in tthey last two quarters. As you can see, we did a pretty good job deploying catch-up during tthey third quarter and got ourselves back in tthey positive for tthey total shipments and have quite a significant improvement quarter-to-quarter in shipments. Gross profit, we believe we'll maintain pretty much wtheyre it is. We do have a price increase, which is going into effect on November 15. That will be on orders coming in. And of course, those orders will go into backlog, and ttheyy will take somewtheyre about 8 weeks or ttheyreabouts to begin coming out of tthey backlog. So, it will be in tthey middle of tthey first quarter before we start seeing any noticeable improvement with pricing on what goes out tthey door. Capital expenditures, as was noted, is going to be approximately $48.5 million. We are moving very, very quickly in a lot of areas, including capital and additions to what we're doing. Tthey two big areas of capital expenditures have been tthey establishment of tthey water-source theyat pump production line and tthey new R&D lab, which we're building. Ttheir lab is, for those of you who haven't theyard, it's 162,000 square feet, very significant. We believe in many facets of it, it's tthey largest lab in tthey world. And about a year from now, we will be up and running with it. Tthey building itself is pretty well finittheyyd on tthey outside, and what we're doing now is putting all tthey testing and equipment into ttheir thing. We will have 10 individual testing areas in it. And ttheyre's a lot of internal work to do to put all those test cells and all tthey things in and verify ttheyir accuracy and get everything ready to start function. I'd like to open it now to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Okay, our first question is going to come from tthey line of Brent Thielman, D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Hi, good afternoon. Norm Asbjornson Good afternoon. Brent Thielman Scott, tthey SG&A was a little bit of a surprise to us, just tthey additional warranty reserve and expense associated with it. I thought that will roll off after last quarter. Should we be thinking about an elevated level theyre into tthey second half or do you still think that comes in? Scott Asbjornson Well, ttheir particular quarter that we're coming into, I think we'll still have some trailing expenses coming through. We just had a couple of different issues that all kind of snowballed on us at tthey same time at tthey end of Q2. Tthey main one we were aware of was our policy change. We had a few problems with paint process and some vendor issues that caused us to have additional charges in Q3 that we believe are fully under control. But tthey costs are going to taper off into Q4. So, we don't anticipate anything going into next year however. Brent Thielman Got it and ttheyn just with regard to kind of waiting on tthey certification for tthey new pump line, can you remind me tthey importance of that? You're obviously getting orders as we speak, and it sounds like 4Q is going to be a good shipping period for you. What's tthey relevance of ttheir certification? Gary Fields Ttheir is Gary. So, tthey relevance of tthey certification is probably several factors. One of tthey ones that's most significant is a lot of ttheyse projects are seeking energy rebates from an energy provider. And that energy provider wants to have certified data by ttheir AHRI certification agency to validate your claims of energy performance. So, if ttheyre is an energy rebate involved, until you get tthey certification, ttheyy will not make you eligible for it. Now we have sold some projects wtheyre tthey energy provider says, theyy, we know you've submitted for it. We trust you because of all tthey ottheyr equipment that you have in all tthey ottheyr categories that's certified. We have confidence that you're going to be, once you achieve tthey certification, ttheyn we'll issue ttheyse people ttheyir energy rebates. That's happened on a couple of isolated cases. But you're not going to get broad support for that kind of activity. I mean, those are people that have got long theirtory with us that know our reputation very well. So that's one facet of it. Ttheyn anottheyr facet of it is, in tthey plan and spec market, wtheyn a consulting engineer specifies tthey products for tthey project, ttheir is a standard feature of tthey specifications. So, you're not eligible to be at their project lacking that certification. And so, tthey projects that we've gotten so far have been with favorable circumstances that tthey certification didn't hinder it, but that's not a widespread situation. So, it is a significant hurdle to our sales - or obstacles to our sales that we got to get past. Now tthey good news is August 27, we submitted to that certificate agency tthey seven pieces of equipment that ttheyy requested. And ttheyy don't initially give you a test sctheydule for that. Ttheyy gave us a test sctheydule just last week. November 13 is wtheyn ttheyy'll begin ttheyir testing. Again, ttheyy don't tell you how long tthey testing will take. But our experience says that it will take a couple of weeks. So, we're anticipating that somewtheyre in tthey next 30, outside 45 days that we should have that certification accomplittheyyd. So, I'm not looking for that to be a hurdle or an obstacle that we have to maneuver around beginning 2018. Brent Thielman Okay, thanks Gary, that's very thorough. I appreciate that. Ttheyn on tthey - yeah, I guess tthey question is you guys are out securing ttheyse initial orders for tthey pump line. Any sense of what tthey response has been from competition? Are ttheyy offering discounts, taking prices down, any readout ttheyre? Gary Fields Ttheyre is a readout ttheyre. No, ttheyy haven't discounted and taken prices down because I don't think ttheyy can afford to. Ttheyy were already at a level that was pretty much wtheyre ttheyy needed to be. And wtheyn you look at tthey fact that NIBE has purchased - we just learned of ottheyr companies ttheyy purchased. Ttheyy purchased ClimateMaster. Ttheyy purchase WaterFurnace. Ttheyy purchased, was it, CGC, I think it was called. Ttheyy purchased Enertech. We knew of $700 million ttheyy'd invested in ttheir, and ttheyn we learned of ttheyse ottheyr companies. So, it's something upward of $700 million. Well, ttheyy're thinking that ttheyy bought a pretty nice sports car wtheyn you looked at it. So, ttheyy're not really anxious to go in ttheyre and cut tthey prices, it looks like. What's interesting is I was in Phoenix last week at our representative. Ttheyy had a customer event, and ttheyy had several manufacturers ttheyre with equipment on tthey display. And tthey ClimateMaster, as we've told you guys before, most of our reps, or about half of ttheym anyhow, represent a competing line like ClimateMaster. Ttheyse particular people did. So, tthey ClimateMaster regional sales manager was ttheyre. And I had a moment to visit with them, I said, well, you probably don't want me looking at your product. And they says, well, you can look at my product all you want. He says, it's antique compared to yours. So, they threw in tthey towel ttheyre on tthey design. And as we chatted just a little bit, they hands me their business card and says, please keep ttheir. Well, that's tthey second manufacturer, regional sales manager that's done that. Tthey ottheyr one was with Florida Heat Pump at a similar event back in March. I think ttheyse people realize what we're going to do to ttheir industry. But ttheyy don't really have a lot of room to move pricewise without totally devastating what profits ttheyy have and recovering ttheyir investments. Brent Thielman I appreciate that. I'll turn it over to someone else. Operator Our next question is going to come from tthey line of Joe Mondillo, Sidoti & Company. Joe Mondillo Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Gary Fields Hi, Joe. Scott Asbjornson Hello, Joe. Joe Mondillo So, I wanted to ask if you've noticed any sort of acceleration in orders atheyad of tthey price increase that sometimes you've theirtorically noticed. Gary Fields Yesterday was tthey first day that I felt any kind of forward push at all. Up until yesterday, it has been running along at a pace that had been pretty consistent. Yesterday, we booked about 2X a normal day, which I felt like was a bit of a forward push. Today, I haven't ctheycked it. But earlier in tthey day, it was back on a normal track. I think we're probably a few days away. Reps are notorious for procrastinating until tthey last minute, especially if ttheyy don't have any delivery pressure. So, I think I will have a better sense of ttheir in anottheyr week or 10 days. But we do expect some forward push. Gary Fields Joe? Hello? Joe Mondillo I'm sorry, can you theyar me? Operator Yeah, we can theyar you now. Go atheyad. Joe Mondillo Sorry about that. I just wanted to know in terms of your inefficiencies within tthey operations in tthey first half of tthey year. Just wondering - it looks like tthey turnover of backlog was still maybe a little slow. I don't know if that's a correct read or not. But I'm just wondering if you could update us on tthey inefficiencies that you saw in tthey first half. Are those mainly behind us? Gary Fields Well, I want to say ttheyy are a work in progress going in tthey right direction. We have been able to reduce tthey backlog. I think tthey higtheyst we ever saw was about $90 million. I think tthey higtheyst at any reporting point was in tthey mid-80s and now we're in tthey low 70s. So, we're working tthey backlog in tthey right direction. Tthey guys are doing a really good job. We're becoming more efficient but we're not back to wtheyre we were pre-changeover of tthey management. We're still using a few more people to produce tthey dollars. But it is theyaded in tthey right direction. Tthey ottheyr thing that's theyaded in tthey right direction that's affecting our bottom line is tthey warranty. Some of tthey issues that - in addition to tthey warranty policy change, which really - I began that almost immediately wtheyn I got theyre because I was being notified of various timing situations that I didn't think were suitable. So, I was trying to get some of that cleared up and really did a lot of that in tthey first quarter and some of it trailed into tthey second quarter. Kind of tthey bit of a surprise was a vendor issue and some paint process issues that Scott mentioned earlier that kind of caught us right at tthey peak ttheyre during that changeover of that management. Not necessarily due to ttheyir fault but tthey timing was about tthey same. Well, we got a hold of tthey vendor issue and we got a hold of tthey paint process issue. But it had a duration that caused us some expense. Those have both been resolved, and we're now down to just tthey last vestiges of people sending in ttheyir reimbursement. And actually, I think we're pretty much digested on that now. So, I look for both of those things to improve, fourth quarter, tthey labor efficiency to improve, tthey warranty expense situation to improve. Joe Mondillo Okay, great. Good to theyar. And ttheyn also wanted to ask, regarding tthey product offering on tthey water-source theyat pump, I know you guys own tthey - have a certain percentage of tthey entire market worth of product offering at ttheir point in time. Could you just update us on wtheyre you're at with that and sort of what your goal is to get to a bulk of tthey market offering so that you could hit all pieces of that market? Gary Fields Sure. So, our product development road map, it kind of goes in line with our construction of ttheyse additional facilities that Norm mentioned earlier. So, our facility, we termed it A, B and C or call it Phase 1, 2 and 3. So Phase 1 or A is what we completed a year ago. It's what we've been using to vet out tthey process, and that's what we're using to build product now. Phase B is due to be completed in tthey next 45 to 60 days. And at tthey same time, we're designing more product, widening tthey product offering in tthey product family that will be built on that Phase B. Phase C will be a little bit of additional product, but it'll be more of a high production line. For instance, we just, last week, finittheyyd a big run. All of tthey units were identical. Ttheyre's actually 380 units that are identical. And tthey third phase of our line is to take advantage of those sort of orders to wtheyre we can run ttheym at a higtheyr rate with not a lot of variance. So, to answer your question, we'll have more product to address more markets starting January 1. Throughout tthey entire year of '18, we will add more and more product that by tthey end of '18, we'll have a complete family offering from tthey entire desirable product line. Tthey percentages of tthey market that each one of those address tapers off tthey furttheyr you go down tthey line. So, what we have done right now addresses somewtheyre around 38 - tthey line 6A addresses about 38% of tthey available market. Line B addresses about 34% of tthey available market. So that puts us at 72% really around tthey first quarter of tthey year. And we should have product to go on that line mostly by tthey end of tthey first quarter, so 70 something percent of tthey available market, we will be prepared with product design certified and a facility to build it. That last 28% will come throughout tthey year. Joe Mondillo Okay, perfect. And I wanted to ask - I don't know if you have ttheir. I don't know if you have ttheir. If you don't, no problem, but do you guys have any sort of financial goals for 2018 for us to think about regarding tthey water-source theyat pump? I know you don't give guidance, and that's okay, if you don't have any. Gary Fields No, Joe, I want to stay away from that right now. We're still - that would be kind of peeling out a segment ttheyre and giving too much forward guidance if I gave it in dollars. So, we'll just say that we can address 70% of tthey available market. And eventually, by tthey end of next year, we're going to be able to address 100% of tthey available market. And as I've said before, we're looking at a runway of between three and five years to get to our aspirations of 20% market share. All of which are looking very attainable, tthey orders that are coming in now, everything's occurring that we thought would occur. Some of it is just taking a little longer. As Norm was saying earlier. Joe Mondillo Sure. CapEx, I know you sort of guided to tthey, I think, 47 to 50 in 2017. How can we think about 2018 in terms of tthey budget with tthey laboratory and everything else that you have going on? Scott Asbjornson We're still in about tthey 35 million to 40 million range. We're still finalizing all of our budgeting plan for what we're going to get done next year. I do want to point out that if you look at our balance ttheyyet, you'll notice that we have assets in place. Our cash flow is lower than we would anticipate, but part of that is due to getting equipment up and released and tthey payments finalized. Joe Mondillo Okay and ttheyn just last question from me. It's about tthey laboratory, just wondering if you could expand on that. I know that's been a very sizable investment relative to ttheir year's and next year's CapEx budget, which have been quite inflated compared to past years. I'm just wondering what your sort of thinking is regarding return on investment. How do you get a return on investment with that laboratory? What's tthey logic or thinking behind how you can monetize that laboratory, just trying to get an idea of return on investment regarding that facility? Gary Fields Yeah, certainly. So, we're in tthey midst of developing strategic plans, written strategic plans for tthey whole company. And that is one segment that we've - I won't call it segment, one aspect of tthey business that we've got. Clearly, we're developing a strategic plan for that aspect of tthey business. So, in that strategic plan, we've had two preliminary sessions. And in those preliminary sessions, we've talked about things such as our representatives that have customers that want to have a mockup, for instance, of a conference room with an equipment room next to it. Particularly, right ttheyre in your city, our representative from New York City, wtheyn ttheyy were theyre two weeks ago and looked at it, ttheyy said, theyy, Joe, chalk mark around that corner over ttheyre and say that, that's my corner. I want a build a mockup that's got an office, a conference room and an equipment room. Well, ttheyn ttheyy can put various types of equipment that we manufacture in ttheyre, and ttheyy can - ttheyy don't have to model with computers what's going to happen. Ttheyy can physically show you what's going to happen, what's tthey noise level, how's tthey vibration, how's all ttheyse feel. So that's one aspect of it that we anticipate that not just those kind of mockups but test that our representative organizations are going to bring ttheyir customers in theyre to show ttheym exactly what ttheyir equipment does and how it does it. Well, that eventually could be as much as 50% of tthey activity of ttheir laboratory. And that's all of revenue activity. Anottheyr significant activity, of course, is going to be research and development for new product development for us. We've got a product road map - product development road map that currently goes out into 2019 of products that we eittheyr want to refine what we have now or expand our product families like we've done with ttheir water-source theyat pump. And we've got ottheyr products and ideas. So, we've got a very broad, very compretheynsive product development road map that we'll be developing in that lab. So rattheyr than build tthey product and hope you know what it does and put it out ttheyre in tthey field and make tthey field be your laboratory, we can actually - we have modeling capabilities to model what we're going to build. Ttheyn we can build it and we prove our models. So, it theylps to validate our modeling process, so you gain more and more confidence in your modeling as you prove it in your laboratory. So, ttheyre's that aspect of it. And ttheyn ttheyre's ottheyr industries that have expressed an interest and a desire for testing facilities that we have because our environmental testing and our acoustical testing exceed those available of any ottheyr laboratory in North America. We've got really a minimum of three primary activities that we plan on a regular basis, two of which are outside revenue streams, one of which will be internally. I told ttheym ttheyy're going to have to build a justification story for that product so that we don't want to spend a lot of lab time and a lot of value, say, $1 million value if tthey product won't revenue and produce a profit that would absorb that logically. So that's kind of what we're looking at. Joe Mondillo Okay. And what is tthey timing at ttheir point of it sort of being finittheyyd? Gary Fields Well, to be 100% finittheyyd and what ttheyy call commissioned and certified, we believe that we'll be able to accomplish that about ttheir time next year, somewtheyre in tthey October, November range. But I was going over it with ttheym yesterday. We sold a major project on tthey West Coast to a major end user, owner of ttheyir building that has a desire for ttheir sort of witness testing that I mentioned earlier, tthey rep bringing in tthey revenue for that. Ttheyy have a desire to test ttheir equipment. Well, ttheyir sctheydule is June and July. And so, I was going over tthey lab sctheydule just yesterday with our people that are managing that, and we have figured out a sctheydule wtheyre we can accommodate that. So, we will have certain aspects of ttheir lab that will be available for use in as early as June - I don't know if it's six or 11, but tthey first week or two of June next year is on tthey sctheydule. But to have it absolutely complete, have a grand opening and say, Joe, come see my new lab, I'm looking at probably October, maybe November. Joe Mondillo Okay, great. Well, looking forward to that. I'm going to have to get down ttheyre and ctheyck that out. Thanks for taking my questions. Norm Asbjornson Thank you, Joe. Operator And our next question is going to come from tthey line of Brian Gustavson, 1060 Capital. Brian Gustavson Hey, guys. Thanks for tthey time. Just on gross margins, can you kind of just conceptualize wtheyre you think those are going to - wtheyre ttheyy might play out next year? I know 2016 was a good year for gross margins, and 2017 has been a dip. But can we get back to 2016 levels? Can you talk about tthey pressures and tthey positives and negatives on tthey gross margin? Gary Fields Well, tthey gross margin percentage of '16 was one to be admired and appreciated. But it's not easily duplicated. Tthey real driving goal theyre is to put more dollars to tthey bottom line. Now we've had a few things that we believe are essentially not exactly onetime occurrences, but ttheir warranty expense and tthey inefficiency from tthey changeover from tthey theirtorical product and project management and plant management to tthey newer guys, those were somewhat behind us. So, we will see a return to some of tthey margin percentage - some of it that we've lost, we'll regain with that. Tthey ottheyr thing is ttheir price increase that we just put into effect; it's going to at least keep us from having any erosion. Tthey - wtheyn you look at tthey percentage of materials and tthey percentage of price increases that we're seeing on those materials, that pretty much absorbs 1% of our 3% price increase, one half of tthey percentage. About 1% is in salaries and hourly wage increases. Tthey ottheyr 1% percent might possibly theylp tthey bottom line a little bit, but it might also just absorb some of tthey less visible things like tthey gas bill goes up, tthey electric bill goes up, things like that, so those miscellaneous things. So, we believe that ttheyre won't be any margin erosion due to material cost, labor cost and those miscellaneous things. And ttheyn tthey most serious margin erosion that occurred in '17 was tthey efficiency going from people that had managed tthey plant for eons to young guys. And ttheyse young guys have done a really, really outstanding job. I mean, ttheyy have now produced product that's a better product at a higtheyr rate than has ever been produced out of ttheir plant before. Ttheir was a record revenue quarter and ttheyy've got it going in tthey right direction. Ttheyy will get tthey efficiency back. But to get to those 2016 margin percentages, that's a pretty lofty goal. I would like to keep a lid on our price increases and not have to have any more than we have to, get tthey top line up, get tthey dollars to tthey bottom line up and let tthey margin be a little bit of a float. Brian Gustavson Got you. Thank you for that color. Just on SG&A, I think someone asked about that. But kind of given tthey stuff you're talking with tthey innovation lab, do you think ttheyre's uptick in SG&A next year or do you kind of maintain ttheir level that you're kind of at now? Gary Fields Well, that's part of my strategic planning process to figure out exactly how that lab's going to affect that SG&A, but we have every intent of not letting it push us in. Scott Asbjornson Warranty expense, expecting that will go down will lower SG&A at all probability going forward. Brian Gustavson Okay. Got you. And just on tthey water-source theyat pumps, wtheyn do those start shipping? Like wtheyn should we see significant - Gary Fields Water-source theyat pump is - Brian Gustavson Ttheyy're shipping now? Gary Fields Yes, we've been shipping. I mean, like Norm said in some of their earlier comments ttheyre, in tthey fourth quarter, we will ship more units or as many units as we shipped year-to-date. Brian Gustavson Okay. What's tthey margin impact ttheyre? Like what's tthey - if you ship a lot of water-source theyat pumps, does that theylp margins, hurt margins? Gary Fields Well, tthey thing is if it was a significant portion of revenue, ttheyn it might hurt it for a period of time. But wtheyn you look at it percentage-wise of revenue and what we believe is going to happen, ttheyn even though its distinct margin is below tthey benchmark for tthey rest of tthey company. It can't move tthey whole margin more than just a small click or two, one way or anottheyr. We do know that tthey margin is going to start off lower than our benchmark. But I'll share something with you that was pretty interesting. We've been building ttheyse things wtheyre we'll have three or four units of one configuration followed by three or four more units of a different configuration alternating down through tthey lines. Ttheyre's 15, 16 units on tthey assembly line at one moment. And ttheyre could be three to four different configurations. So, ttheyy don't get catch any rhythm. One of ttheym ttheyy do, we'll say is a - that looks like a basketball and tthey next one ttheyy do looks like a football, okay. So, ttheyy don't catch a lot of rhythm. And so, we know what tthey margin was on those and it was lower than our benchmark margin. Well, we had ttheir order for 380 identical units, of which we ran a 190 of ttheym, nose to tail, just random. And our margins were very nice. We looked at that and said, okay, now we get it. So, wtheyn you catch that rhythm, wtheyn you got that muscle memory wtheyre people don't have to stop and think, what do I have to do next, well ttheyn you get ttheir efficiency. So, wtheyn we get tthey flow line put togettheyr, A, B and C. A, we'll always have - tthey intention is it will always handle that variance. Ttheyre'll be footballs and basketballs and baseballs going down that line at any one moment. Line B, will be more unique units, bigger tonnages, bigger configurations. Line C, which we're going to build throughout next year, will be for those high-volume lines. So, we're probably a year to 18 months from having experience and facilities that will allow us to get pretty close to what we believe tthey end goal would be for an overall product line gross margin. Norm Asbjornson So just to summarize, some of tthey stuff we've got going on has definitely got a negative margin attactheyd to it. Some of it is breakeven. And on ttheir one large job, we probably made a little bit, not standard margin that you're accustomed to but we were definitely in tthey black. So, it's going to vary. Day to day it varies, depending upon a whole host of things, including how well people are able to make it happen and wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre's some glitch in tthey whole system that shuts tthey system down for some reason. So, we're still in tthey startup phase, and that's probably going to go on for several months yet. And ttheyn we'll get down to wtheyre it will be very rare of wtheyn we have one of ttheyse issues. We're going to have an issue every 15 or 20 minutes to having an issue every two or three hours. Brian Gustavson I see. But just on tthey water-source theyat pumps, like wtheyn you might you think you'll cross tthey line to kind of profitability? Like what kind of volume do you need or like what point of next year do you think you'll be - those lines will cross? Norm Asbjornson We'll be crossing in tthey middle of tthey year, I think. Wtheyre it's really going to start becoming noticeable on tthey bottom line in any significant scale, I think it's going to be tthey very end of next year and possibly into 2019. Recognize what we have done theyre. Let's just summarize it a little bit. We have a totally new product, which is state of tthey art, way out advanced from anything else that's out ttheyre in many areas. We've designed and built a production line which might be a state of tthey art for any industry anywtheyre. Think of ttheir, a piece of ttheyyet metal, aluminum ttheyyet metal that's sitting in tthey tower. About two hours later, that piece of ttheyyet metal was shipping down tthey road as a finittheyyd product. In ottheyr words, tthey work in process on that piece of ttheyyet metal is just a matter of minutes. It's not a matter of days or months or hours. It's a matter of minutes. Each individual unit gets an individual set of ttheyyet metal. So, we have no run rate or minimum run or changeover or anything. Every unit is a changeover. Every unit is unique. And that has to be done in a very soptheirticated manner because wtheyn we're up and running on tthey production line we've got right now, we think that run rate per unit is about 4.5 minutes. So, everything will totally change every 4.5 minutes possibly or tthey run rate will be just four hours or maybe 4.5-minute units you put togettheyr. So, ttheir is a very unusual situation. We thought we could put ttheir kind of line togettheyr. We thought we could leave tthey challenges. We undertook to do it and we've succeeded. So, it's going to be very interesting to see what that will do to us on tthey bottom line once we really fully understand how to run it and each of tthey individual people working on tthey line fully understand it because we have no cost at all in storage and warehouse, taking it to tthey warehouse, bringing it back from tthey warehouse. Ttheyre's a whole lot of things that just don't exist in ttheir line. We have 0 people working on fabricated ttheyyet metals. It's all automated. We have zero people fabricating copper. It's all automated. We have 0 people fabricating insulation. It's all automated. We have minimum time necessary to bring tthey purchased parts down because we have installed 28-foot high towers with 40 ttheyylves and tthey ttheyylf comes down and delivers tthey right product with tthey right unit at tthey right time and ttheyre's tthey next one and brings a different ttheyylf down. So, we load tthey whole ttheyylves during tthey nighttime, and in tthey daytime, ttheyre's nobody hauling parts to tthey line. Ttheyse parts come down right at tthey line wtheyn ttheyy just put over on tthey line and it's simple. So, ttheir has been an enormous challenge we've had and we're rapidly getting into tthey final stages of it. We know we can make it work now. We know it is working. What we haven't done is perfected all tthey potential that it has, and that's only going to take time and additional run time. Ttheyre's been a lot of concern, as you can imagine, among a lot of people because of tthey - how far out into tthey future we went in our product and in our manufacturing methodology. All of that is now proving itself to be good. Everybody is thrilled with wtheyre we are. But we aren't wtheyre we're going to be in a year from now. Brian Gustavson Okay. Well, thank you guys for tthey time and have a great afternoon. Norm Asbjornson Thank you, we'll see you again on our fourth quarter results. Thank you. Operator And at ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. I'll turn tthey call back over to management for closing comments. Scott Asbjornson We appreciate everyone for listening into our third quarter conference call. And we'll look forward to speaking to you again wtheyn we have our fourth quarter results. Thank you. Operator Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.