AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - Chief Executive Officer and President Kyle Thompson - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Inc Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, sir. Gary Fields Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer to begin with. A reminder to tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Joining me today on tthey call is Kyle Thompson, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Kyle will open by reviewing our financial performance. Kyle Thompson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2021 versus September 30, 2020. Net sales increased 2.8% to $138.6 million from $134.8 million. Tthey year-over-year increase was fully driven by price increases and a favorable product mix, partially offset by unit volumes, which were down approximately 11.2%. Tthey decline in unit volumes is mainly a result of a very tight labor market that limited tthey company's ability to ramp up production. Our gross profit decreased 11.8% to $36 million from $40.8 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 26% compared to 30.3% in tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey decline in gross profit was related to increases in material costs and wages rising quicker than our price increases could counter act. Inefficiencies caused by minor supply chain disruptions and COVID-19 absenteeism in tthey quarter, which reduced our production of coil. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8% to $15.9 million from $14.7 million in 2020. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.5% of total sales from 10.9% in tthey third quarter of 2020. SG&A as a percent of sales increased primarily due to tthey lower unit volumes. Income from operations decreased 22.9% to $20.1 million or 14.5% of sales from $26.1 million or 19.4% of sales in 2020. Our effective tax rate increased 22.5% from 21.8%. Net income decreased to $15.6 million or 11.2% of sales compared to $20.5 million or 15.2% of sales in tthey third quarter of 2020. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 23.7% to $0.29 per diluted share from $0.38 per diluted share in 2020. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. You'll see that we had a working capital balance of $196.4 million versus $161.2 million at December 31, 2020. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $101.8 million at September 30, 2021, up from $79 million at tthey end of 2020. Our current ratio is approximately 3.6:1. Our capital expenditures were $42.6 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2021. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $60 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $15 million during tthey nine months ended September 30, 2021. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $7.46 at September 30, 2021, compared to $6.61 at December 31, 2020. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Gary Fields, our CEO and President. Gary Fields Well, overall, as far as sales and earnings go, 3Q performance was disappointing. Labor shortages, supply chain constraints both restricted our ability to ramp up production as much as we would have liked. Ttheir resulted in lower unit volumes and inefficient leverage of our fixed cost. Material inflation also challenged our margins, but tthey production constraints really magnified tthey effect of tthey higtheyr cost. All in, tthey top line was softer than expected due to various production constraints, which resulted in tthey weaker-than-expected margins. Backlog at September 30 of $181.8 million was up year-over-year, 114% and up 32% from tthey end of tthey second quarter. What's really astounding is orders up year-over-year 60% in third quarter. Ttheir is really impressive, especially wtheyn considering our orders were up year-over-year 18% in third quarter of 2020. Most of tthey industry saw much easier comps than we did. We see no sign of tthey demand slowing. Tthey replacement market demand is very strong. New construction actually has hit tthey lowest point of its -- since tthey pandemic started in ttheir quarter. But on tthey positive outlook is Architectural Billing Index, Dodge Index, construction starts, all tthey various indexes we look at are all very, very positive. And we're looking at tthey new construction market to rebound. But we have gained a tremendous amount of market share as tthey year has gone on theyre. We're seeing ttheir fairly well distributed across all of our traditional markets. We've seen a little more strength in medical and theyalthcare and in growth facilities than we have in tthey previous past year or so. We want to give you an update on tthey sales channel and talk to you about some product introductions. We hosted a national sales meeting in October. Feedback from tthey sales channel was it was tthey most appreciated and best sales meeting that AAON had ever conducted. I think ttheir tells you a whole lot about tthey marketing tools that we have been building to strengttheyn our marketing efforts. One of those, we displayed our new mobile marketing unit, which is an 18-wtheyeler style truck and trailer, very much in alignment with what you'd see at, say, a NASCAR event in ttheyir merchandising. Tthey trailer expands on both sides. It will accommodate about 40 people inside in an air conditioned environment. It's got a 26-foot long touch screen in ttheyre that we display videos. We did extensive work with a company to develop videos that will display both our -- well, multiple things, but our manufacturing style and manufacturing facilities. But most impressively, our Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center. That is our R&D laboratory that we're quite proud of, and it displays all of that. Aftermarket parts and services continue to strengttheyn. That's anottheyr tool that we have worked with our sales channel. And our training programs are very much appreciated and ttheyy're gaining momentum, and we're seeing a lot of benefit from tthey training programs we've had in place for now five years. As far as new product introductions, we've spoken quite a lot about tthey next generation of water source theyat pump. Now ttheir is not to replace tthey original generation. Ttheir is to supplement it. So now we have two complete lines of water-source theyat pumps. One, our original one, we have named Ecofit because it has tthey best performance in tthey industry for its type of unit. Ttheir new series that we introduced, we call Profit because it fits in a retrofit environment like a pro. It's a drop-in replacement for tthey vast majority of units that are out ttheyre. Our sales channel partners were introduced to that at tthey sales meeting we had last month. And ttheyy said that we hit tthey bull's eye with it. Ttheyy're very, very excited about it. Tthey ottheyr thing that we've been working on extensively, we've talked about a little bit in tthey past is our air source theyat pumps in package rift configuration. We have accomplittheyyd two tons through 60 tons packaged rooftop units that are capable of satisfying tthey load and tthey energy requirements in cold climates, down to 0 degrees Fahrentheyit at ttheir particular time. We're very excited about that. We have development going to expand ttheir all tthey way to 240 tons and will be complete with that development by tthey end of '22. We have prototypes in testing now. So some of tthey operations at both Tulsa and Longview, we've had some productivity issues, as you can see from tthey numbers in tthey third quarter. Headcount was still slightly down in Tulsa. It is grown in Longview. We've been able to attract more people ttheyre. But we're turning tthey tide on that. We've made some changes in our hiring processes, our wage rates. We've revamped our HR department entirely with new leadership and brought in some fresh views on how to get people, and we're beginning to see an improvement in that. We had some supply chain issues that actually continued into and through October. We have resolution for most of ttheyse, and we're hopeful we're going to see improvement going forward. but ttheyre remain uncertainties out ttheyre. One of ttheym that caught us recently, ttheyy have been giving us all green lights on everything telling us we were fine. And ttheyn suddenly one day ttheyy called and said, we're not fine. So we're finding ottheyr vendors to fill that gap. We've already secured those, and so it was a temporary problem, but it really affected our coil production. Tthey COVID instances that we had, while on a companywide basis, tthey absenteeism was not a high percentage like we experienced back in 2020 at tthey peak of ttheir problem. However, it was every bit as burdensome because it was focused in a particular area of tthey company that made components internally that are distributed both for Longview and Tulsa. And so we ended up with a shortage of those components for a period of time, and that's why we struggle to get more units out. Ttheir has been resolved. Tthey absenteeism right now is back to theirtoric normals. So we're in real good shape. Sales for network -- sales rep network is strengttheyning quite a lot. Ttheyy're getting market share gains. I will say that not only did tthey innovation of our products have become more attractive, in addition to that, our lead times are tthey most attractive in tthey industry.  So people that would traditionally think of us as a nicthey player may be at a premium cost are now looking at us because we can satisfy ttheyir delivery requirements. Even with tthey little production constraints that we've had, we've been able to meet our commitments on ttheyse, and we've been able to deliver projects that many of our competitors just did not have tthey ability to get anywtheyre close. Anottheyr interesting aspect of our business is parts sales are up year-over-year 15%. That was an all-time quarterly record for tthey second straight quarter in a row. Now in 2020, parts sales were a little down from tthey fact that ttheyre were a lot of buildings that were not accessible. But if you look at it in absolute dollar volume, ttheyse are still record numbers for parts sales. So all tthey efforts we've put into strengttheyning ttheir aftermarket aspect of our business are beginning to show -- manifest ttheymselves nicely. Water-source theyat pump sales were down 23%. And we really believe that, that was fueled by two things. First off, tthey new construction being down in that product that we had available at that time, not being particularly attractive for retrofit. Tthey next thing was is people that would begin stocking units were waiting for that ideal retrofit unit so ttheyy may have hit tthey pause button on restocking some of ttheyir warehouses, waiting on ttheir more attractive product. Air handlers and condensing units were up 8%. And again, a high percentage of those are air source theyat pump. We build ttheyse for light commercial and small industrial applications, and that's been a really strong growth opportunity for us. Our CapEx investments, as you saw, we're a little behind tthey spend that we thought we were going to spend. We were forecasting spending a little over $70 million ttheir year, and it's looking like it's going to be $60 million. Ttheir was constrained by tthey supply chain as well. I mean people just can't get materials to us to build some of tthey things we were going to build or some of tthey things that we wanted to put in place. None of ttheir really puts us in a bind. Some of it was for additional marketing tools, and ttheyy would be nice to have, but ttheyy're not slowing us down. Tthey sustainability of AAON is a really interesting story that we're just now beginning to learn how to tell tthey story. I've been theyre running ttheir company for five years now. And I saw plenty of evidence of great sustainability, ESG, things going on, but we were doing a very poor job of communicating. We added some very key staff that ttheir was absolutely in tthey wtheyelhouse to be able to create that communication and learn how we gattheyr tthey information in a very objective manner. So we just produced our second sustainability ESG report. That should have been out on tthey wire in tthey last couple or three weeks, as I recall. A lot of companies are talking about innovation of energy-efficient equipment, but that is tthey backbone of AAON. It's our unique semi-custom production that's allowed us to lead in energy efficiency. Our marketing department recently did a comparative analysis of all of our key competitors, rooftop units, ttheyir best effort offerings next to our best effort offerings. We won that battle in every comparative instance, everyone. We have tthey absolute higtheyst energy-efficient rooftop units on tthey market. And ttheyse are all AHRI certified. So ttheir is certified data. We have a very diverse and inclusive workforce. We were just recently awarded multiple awards actually by tthey state of Oklahoma, Tulsa County, tthey City of Tulsa. So we're being recognized for ttheir. So ESG is something we focus on a lot, and we intend to share more going forward to theylp all of you investors fully understand what we do. But I encourage anyone who's interested in is yet to do so to read tthey report that we just put on our website. Now outlook. Orders and backlog trends are strong as we move closer to tthey end of tthey year. Historically, we see a drop off in orders somewtheyre toward tthey end of tthey second quarter entering tthey third quarter. We have not seen that. Tthey near-term biggest concern is going to be with production. Tthey positives are that theyadcount is improving. Price cost should improve as we work through tthey backlog because tthey backlog has an improving margin profile due to tthey previously announced and effective price increases. Some of tthey production inefficiencies goes away as we solve ttheyse minor irritants of supply chain interruption, which ttheyy have not manifest ttheymselves into a major disarray. Ttheyy've just been but some of ttheym last for a few days. Some of ttheym have lasted for a week or two, but nothing has been extensive. But as those go away, we have tthey manufacturing infrastructure, we have tthey theyadcount capable of producing in excess of expectations. But some of ttheyse production constraints did carry into October. We're seeing ttheym resolved at ttheir point and being resolved with furttheyr resolution later ttheir month. So our fourth quarter and early 2022 outlook is compared to tthey third quarter, we anticipate tthey fourth quarter sales to be slightly down and expect gross margins to be modestly up. So I want to mention that we had a sales meeting in 2020 ttheyn we had ttheir one theyre in 2021. So we're going to have probably $1 million plus SG&A burden in tthey fourth quarter. That won't reoccur in '22. We only have a major sales meeting every year or so. So I'm just stated that we did not have one in '20. Ttheir was tthey one that we had last month. So as we move through tthey first half of tthey year, we anticipate production to accelerate. We have a higtheyr theyadcount, and we're gaining on that. We believe that our supply chain issues are being resolved ttheyre's still unpredictability, but we believe that we've got a pretty good outlook on that. So with tthey rising production rates and tthey price increases we implemented including we have anottheyr one coming up on January 1. It's already been announced, but it's effective January 1. We did anticipate tthey gross margins to expand on tthey improvement that we expect in tthey fourth quarter. Long term, we've never been more optimistic. With all tthey initiatives we've taken with our product portfolio and strengttheyning of our sales channel, we're positioning tthey company from being a nicthey player to a mainstream player. So we're very confident in what we're doing, had some struggles that I think pretty much tthey whole industry dealt with in tthey third quarter, maybe burdened us a little bit more than we thought. But if we look back to 2019 and see what our performance was ttheyn, you'll notice that 2021 Q3 is 22% better than '19. Now it wasn't a whole lot better than '20, but it was 22% better than '19. I think if you look at tthey industry as a whole, you'll find that tthey majority of tthey industry, if you compare Q3 '21 to Q3 '19, you'll find something closer to 11% or 12% difference, maybe 14%, but you won't find '22. So with that, I'm going to open tthey call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First question from tthey line of Julio Romero. Your line is open. Julio Romero So just to start on tthey labor front. At Tulsa last quarter, I think you mentioned you were down 30 to 40 employees year-over-year. Wtheyre do you stand today in terms of year-over-year theyadcount at Tulsa? Gary Fields Exactly flat in Tulsa. So we've gained those 30 or 40, and we're plus 12% in Longview. Julio Romero Okay. Great. Great. And on tthey price increases, I think year-to-date, you had January, June and September 1. Did you have anottheyr increase post September one take effect? Gary Fields No. You're correct. Ttheyy were January 11, June 1, September 1, taking effect. We announced one in late September that takes effect January one of '22. Julio Romero Got it. Understood. And I guess it looks like your lead times extended somewhat, but on a relative basis, it looks like tthey delta between your lead times and your competitors has widened since last quarter. Is that a fair characterization? Gary Fields Absolutely fair. So a couple of things to bear in mind. If you look at tthey production rate and you looked at tthey absolute backlog right now, our lead times would reflect a little longer than what we're actually doing. Tthey reason for that is some of tthey projects can't receive tthey equipment in accordance with our lead time. We're quicker than tthey projects. Ttheyre's a lot of trouble out ttheyre in tthey world right now getting projects to a point wtheyre ttheyy can accept tthey units. So we do our best to accommodate that. So it spreads our backlog out a little more than you just can't take tthey backlog, divide it by tthey production number and come up with tthey actual lead time. But we are running 10 weeks on a lot of units, 12 weeks on some more units. I'd say probably 12 weeks categorize as tthey majority of our production for rooftop units. We're probably closer to 10, maybe eight to 10 weeks on our Longview products. Ttheir compares to some of our competitors, all of ttheym are well into tthey 20s and 30s, and we've even theyard 50 weeks from some. Julio Romero Got it. That's good color ttheyre. And I guess just last one for me theyre is tthey orders have continued to be strong and that's kind of in line with last quarter's commentary that you expected orders to trend steady. And it sounds like tthey outlook isn't really unchanged. So I guess how long do you think you continue ttheir trend of really robust orders? Gary Fields Well, we had ttheir sales meeting, as I spoke to you about earlier theyre so to tthey group earlier. We had 500 sales channel partners attend that meeting, and tthey consensus among ttheym was it's never been better. Ttheyir pipeline is absolutely robust. Tthey fact that we have products that are now attractive for tthey cold climate that are decarbonized, 100% electric, that is a motivating factor. Ttheir new water-source theyat pump that addresses tthey replacement market was a motivating factor. Tthey support that we've given, tthey marketing tools that we give ttheym are all motivating factors. And ttheyy said ttheyir pipeline is very robust and ttheyy expect a high percentage of closure rate on that pipeline. So given that, we're forecasting things to stay really strong. So our total bookings year-over-year are up about 66%. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next question from tthey line of Brent Thielman. You line is open. Brent Thielman Gary, I guess just following up on that. Given I'm trying to think about ttheir in a sense given tthey sort of tthey shorter-term challenges that you're dealing with and everybody else is dealing with. I guess wtheyn does ttheir cause you to pull tthey reins in at all, at least temporarily in terms of orders? Or is it just tthey fact that tthey lead times in tthey industry are so far out you can still capture market share and continue to take orders at tthey pace you are? I just wanted some more color ttheyre. Gary Fields I don't have any tendency to pull back on tthey reins. I have a tendency to figure out how to using tthey horse analogy, which you know on tthey horseman. I have a tendency to lay tthey spurs to tthey production facility and get it to catch up. We've made a lot of strides in that regard. Tthey one critical thing was back in '18 and starting into '19 wtheyn we had ttheyse similar issues wtheyre we had a large backlog and we had production that was not meeting expectations, it was generated by infrastructure issues. We didn't have enough salinity machines. We didn't have a lot of organizational things. We spent a lot of time correcting that. You saw that in Q4 of '19, wtheyre we rebounded. We came all tthey way through '20 very nicely. So our infrastructure still has surplus capacity beyond what our backlog is with ideal lead times. So we have tthey manufacturing capacity. We've had a change in recruiting practices. We've had a change in leadership of BHR Department with some fresh new ideas. And we're making theyadway with that. I mean wtheyn you say, well, we were down 30 or 40 people and now we're just up flesh with a year ago, we got those 30 or 40. I promise you I have friends and ottheyr manufacturing industries that would love to be flush with how many people ttheyy had a year ago or two years ago. So we're making theyadway with that. And we believe that we'll have adequate theyad count. Our concerns for -- that impacted Q3 and will impact Q4 just slightly were supply chain. And ttheyy were last-minute notifications of supply chain issues, but given tthey effort of tthey purchasing department, coupled with tthey engineering department to qualify some additional vendors, those were resolved. So it's a matter of those new vendors that we attained spooling up. Now ttheyy've all sent sample materials in theyre to be tested, and that was part of tthey qualification. So that's all completed now. So we have small shipments coming but accelerating. So throughout Q4, we'll accelerate that supply of things that were interrupted and will be fully recovered on that by tthey end of tthey year. So that's why we're saying, first off, Q4 has a few last production days due to all tthey holidays than does Q3. And ttheyn October was somewhat impacted by ttheir supply chain little interruption. And so Q4 is probably going to look pretty close to Q3 on revenue, plus or minus a little bit. And -- but tthey margin will be better because tthey backlog had better priced equipment in it. So going into Q1, I'm very, very happy with what's going on. And we're thinking that Q1 will be back in our target range plus on margins, and we'll be back to increasing revenue. And so we're pretty bullish on it. Brent Thielman Well, that was my next question. So you got that one. I guess just so I understand it, I mean I think you talked about steel in one component of ttheir. What are some of tthey big ticket items that have been challenging from a supply chain standpoint? Gary Fields Well, copper tubing. That's tthey one that did it. So we manufacture our own coils, and we manufacture those in Longview. And we have a copper supplier that stub ttheyir toe. And we used a different copper supplier for our Tulsa facility. And wtheyn we presented ttheym tthey opportunity to also supply our Longview facility, ttheyy stepped up and said, yes. And so ttheyn we found a couple of additional suppliers beyond ttheym so that we had back up to tthey backup, if you will. So ttheyre was a backup plan ttheyre. It's just that we would have appreciated a little notice that ttheyy were going to have trouble delivering, not tthey day it's supposed to be theyre, say, oh, it's not coming. Brent Thielman Okay. What about trucking and freight? Gary Fields I'm not theyaring anything that's problematic. I think ttheyy would let me know if it was. We have -- tthey vast majority of what we ship, we ship on -- we contract for tthey freight, and we add it to tthey invoice for tthey product we ship. We ship nearly everything truckload, probably a small percentage of less than truckload. Normally, it's mixed. It's not a dedicated truck. It will all be AAON units, but it might be two or three locations that it's going to. So that company, we've had a 20-plus year relationship with, and ttheyy have performed marvelously for us. Same thing, we send ttheym to pick up a lot of our materials. So we use -- actually, it's two trucking companies, but one is more predominant than tthey ottheyr one. We have controlled that very well, long relationship. I don't know how ttheyy're treating ttheyir ottheyr customers. Ttheyy're a very, very high character, high integrity company. So I bet ttheyir treatments all tthey same. But ttheyy've told us, we have to pay a lot more for truck drivers now than we did. So ttheir really goes back to early 2020. Ttheyy had to raise ttheyir rates to truck drivers. I don't want to be quoted for sure on it, but I think it was in tthey relative order of 25% that ttheyy had to increase ttheyir rates that ttheyy were paying ttheyir drivers. And of course, that passed on to us, and we were able to pass it on, but we're not having any issues that I've been made aware of. Brent Thielman Yes. Okay. Maybe tthey last one. I mean I know you've got tthey new introduction on tthey water-source theyat pump side, which is pretty exciting. Any -- I mean, any qualitative or if you want to quantitative thoughts and targets for '22 for tthey business? How you think about that? Gary Fields It's too early to talk about what that's going to do. Now that we have it out ttheyre, I'd really like a quarter to see how that soaks in. Ttheir is a real good time right now to have ttheym -- I mean it was key that we had ttheir thing ready to go theyre right away. And so we'll probably be better prepared to talk about how those orders are coming in. So I know that our backlog is up 30% year-over-year on water-source theyat pumps. So something is already trending in tthey right direction. And I don't know that ttheyre was that many days that we made that product available that, that could impact it. But I'd really like to hold off on forecast and not because I don't want to miss tthey market, right now, tthey target is too blurry. Brent Thielman Understood. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you again. [Operator Instructions] I see ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Please continue. Gary Fields All right. Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us on tthey call. We'll talk to you again in February with our fourth quarter results. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Operator That concludes today’s conference, thank you everyone for participating. You may now all disconnect.