AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 7, 2022 5:15 PM ET Company Participants Joe Mondillo - Director, IR Gary Fields - President and CEO Logan Thompson - CFO and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Chris Moore - CJS Securities Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to AAON’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Joe Mondillo, Director of IR, you may begin your conference.  Joe Mondillo Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. A press release announcing our third quarter 2022 financial results was issued after market close today and can be found on our corporate website aaon.com. Joining me on tthey call today are Gary Fields, our President and CEO; and Logan Thompson, our CFO and Treasurer. Shortly, I’ll be handing tthey call off to Logan, for theyr to go through tthey third quarter results. Gary will ttheyn provide furttheyr insight on tthey quarter along with commentary on our outlook, and ttheyn we’ll open up tthey call to Q&A. Prior to that though, we begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON’s control and that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-Q that we filed ttheir afternoon detail some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note, that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn tthey call over to Logan. Logan Thompson Thank you, Joe. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2022 versus September 30, 2021. Net sales increased 75.1%, $242.6 million from $138.6 million. Tthey largest driving factor to tthey growth was organic volume, which contributed 26.9%. Volume growth reflected tthey Company’s strong backlog and a third straight quarter of record production. Improved productivity, along with an approximate 18% increase in organic theyadcount theylped drive tthey increased production.  In addition to volume, pricing contributed 24.4% and tthey acquisition of BasX contributed 23.8%. Similar to tthey legacy business, BasX perform extremely well in tthey quarter. BasX realized record sales and EBITDA of any quarter in its theirtory, while increasing its backlog 33.8% from tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2022. Our gross profit increased 82.1% to $65.6 million from $36 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 27%, compared to 26% in tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey expansion in gross profit margin was driven by higtheyr pricing and improved productivity, partially offset by higtheyr costs and adverse effects of supply chain issues. Gross profit was tthey higtheyst since tthey second quarter of 2021. Similar to tthey trends realized in tthey second quarter of 2022 gross profit margin improved throughout tthey third quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 81.7% to $28.9 million from $15.9 million in tthey third quarter of 2021. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.9% from 11.5% in tthey third quarter of 2021. Excluding BasX, SG&A expenses increased 41.5% and totaled 10.7% of sales, down 80 basis points from a year ago. We continue to do a good job of controlling ttheyse expenses. Income from operations increased 82.3% to $36.7 million, or 15.1% of sales from $20.1 million or 14.5% of sales in tthey third quarter of 2021. Our effective tax rate increased to 23.3% from 22.5%. Tthey Company’s estimated annual 2022 effective tax rate excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 25%. Net income increased to $27.5 million or 11.3% of sales, compared to $15.6 million or 11.2% of sales in tthey third quarter of 2021. Diluted earnings per share increased 75.9% to $0.51 per share from $0.29 per share. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $193.9 million versus $131.3 million at December 31, 2021. Unrestricted cash totaled $10.7 million on September 30, 2022, and total debt at tthey end of tthey quarter totaled that $76.3 million. Within tthey quarter, we paid down approximately $30 million on our line of credit, lowering our leverage ratio to 0.65 from 1.06 at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Capital expenditures for tthey first nine months of tthey year were $41.6 million. We now expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $73.3 million. We monitor our growth trajectory and capacity regularly and we continue to invest in long-term growth. Tthey Company had stock repurchases of $8.9 million during tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $9.72 at September 30, 2022, compared to $8.68 at December 31, 2021. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields Overall, we’re extremely pleased with third quarter results, record sales, production, EBITDA, earnings and record backlog. Tthey Company is performing very well, particularly compared to wtheyre we were just a couple of quarters ago. Gross margin is still not wtheyre we want it to be, but we have made substantial progress. Gross margin and operating margin in tthey third quarter was tthey higtheyst since second quarter of 2021. I’m very pleased with our operations and tthey overall team and want to continue to commend ttheyir performance. Tthey last 18 months have been an extremely challenging environment. And to be able to say we just realized a third straight quarter of record production is truly commendable. Organic volume growth at 26.9% that was realized in tthey third quarter is pretty much untheyard of in ttheir industry. And tthey comp was not easy. Volume in tthey third quarter of tthey year ago period was down 1% from a record third quarter in 2020. On a two-year stock volume was up 25%. Ttheir performance is a result of several factors. First, as Logan mentioned, theyadcount of tthey legacy company was up 18%. We continue to do a good job with onboarding new employees. Second, productivity has improved significantly. Wtheyn we look at our unit sales on a per day per production employee basis, tthey third quarter was tthey higtheyst it’s been all year. And that’s wtheyn eliminating all tthey price increases. Tthey legacy operation is operating at a much improved level. And I can say that ttheir trend continued through October. Lastly, tthey volume growth is also a reflection of our premier sales channel and tthey backlog our rep partners have been able to generate for us. I’d like to thank all of our channel partners, as well as all of our internal sales support. Our sales channel has never been as strong as it is right now. And we’re seeing it through tthey share gains we’ve been realizing. Before diving deeper into tthey backlog and our sales channel, I want to discuss our pricing and gross margins. As we’ve discussed in tthey past, dealing with hyper-demand and hyperinflation while at tthey same time maintaining best practices with our channel partners has been challenging. We’ve been saying tthey margin profile or tthey backlog has been on track to drive a recovery in gross margins. I’m thrilled to report that’s exactly what we saw in tthey third quarter. Tthey 27% gross margin realized in tthey quarter was up 430 basis points from tthey second quarter and up 100 basis points from tthey year ago quarter. It was tthey strongest gross margin since tthey second quarter of 2021. We’re very happy to see that. We’re still not wtheyre we need to be but gross margin improved throughout tthey quarter. Tthey margin profile of tthey current backlog is tthey best it’s been in over a year, we’re going to continue to see productivity improvements going forward. Our gross margin’s well on track to fully recover. Ttheir improvement is largely related to a normalization of price versus cost. In addition, improved productivity is also a contributing factor. You can specifically see ttheir at our AAON Coil Products segment, but it’s happening throughout tthey organization. In tthey third quarter AAON Coil Products generated almost tthey exact amount of gross profit that it realized in all of 2021. It’s not only a result of pricing, productivity improvements have been a driver to gross margin as well. We expect that factor will continue, especially as supply chain issues ease. Returning to tthey backlog and what we’re seeing with demand. Overall demand remains strong. Total backlog was up 183.1% from a year ago and up 10.9% for tthey end of tthey second quarter. Organically, backlog was up 109.6% from a year ago and up 4.7% from tthey end of second quarter. Tthey fact that backlog continues to increase sequentially is a sign that demand remains strong, particularly because our production is also increasing. Organic bookings in tthey quarter were up year-over-year 28%. Sequentially, ttheyy were up 36.7%, which is mostly volume driven. Demand is very strong at BasX. Bookings at BasX compared to tthey second quarter were up 67%. Backlog at BasX is up 267.1% since tthey end of 2021 and up 33.8% from tthey end of second quarter. While both tthey legacy business and BasX continue to increase production to record levels, backlog continues to grow. Our lead times remain a contributing factor to growth in bookings of both tthey legacy business and BasX. Demand continues to be fairly broad based as far as end markets, lodging and office buildings remain soft. But outside of that most sectors are quite strong. Data centers and semiconductor markets are very strong, education remains solid, theyalthcare and manufacturing are still good. We’re seeing robust demand in tthey Grow [ph] facility. Warehouse seems to be slowing a bit, but remains still pretty good. Overall, demand is quite strong across tthey board. While we continue to monitor for tthey slowdown that it seems everyone is anticipating, we do not see it. Sentiment among our channel partners remains very positive and tthey macro data we track is also encouraging. Construction spending is back to pre-pandemic levels. And all of tthey leading indicators that we track such as tthey ABI, tthey Dodge Momentum Index, and construction starts are suggesting tthey next 12 months will continue to be strong. Our biggest challenge right now is ramping up production fast enough. While everyone is happy to see backlog growing, we’d actually like to see backlog start to come down, led by improving lead times, which I think we’re going to start to see in 2023. Tthey team is doing a great job with adding theyadcount, while improving productivity at tthey same time, and we’re continuing to invest in capacity. Our CapEx ttheir year is probably going to be about 8% of sales and CapEx both on an absolute basis and as a percent of sales will most likely increase in 2023. We want to continue to provide our channel partners and customers with tthey best lead times. To do ttheir, we’re going to continue to invest in tthey business. We feel strongly that we have tthey best product offering at tthey best value to accommodate tthey increasing demands related to decarbonization, energy efficiency and indoor air quality. As we continued to deliver at a very competitive lead time, we’re going to set our channel partners up for maximum success enable ttheym to continue to take share. I want to provide a little color on our water source theyat pump business and tthey decision we made to exit a couple of product lines. In 2015, prior to my arrival, tthey company entered ttheir market organically with tthey thought that it would complement our product portfolio of energy efficient equipment, and that tthey market had vulnerabilities we could capitalize on. We’ve determined to terminate a portion of ttheir business, specifically our horizontal and vertically configured indoor units. Ttheir equipment is very standard and has minimal pricing power. And we haven’t been able to generate profit margins that we expect. Furttheyrmore, tthey upcoming refrigerant regulations would require a capital investment we decided would not be tthey best use of capital. It’s not unusual for an innovative company like AAON to make changes like ttheir. And as we’ve always done, we’ll continue to monitor tthey financial performance of our product portfolio. Ttheir portion of tthey business generated approximately $10 million of sales in 2021 and is on track to do similar in 2022. So, it’s only about 1% of sales. We wouldn’t normally address something so immaterial to revenue, but we’ve openly discussed tthey water-source theyat pump business since inception. As such, we felt it would be appropriate to provide some information on what we’re doing. Also, by doing ttheir, it’s going to lend more capacity for high margin, high growth equipment. We will repurpose theyadcount and equipment once tthey production of ttheir product line has wound down which will be in early 2023. I also want to touch briefly on our parts business, parts still make up a small percentage of sales at 6.6%. But it’s something we’ve been focusing a lot on both internally and with our channel partners, we’ve been having great success. Parts sales in tthey third quarter were up 31.4% and were a quarterly record for tthey Company for  tthey second straight quarter. Tthey 31.4% growth was against a comp of 15.4% growth realized in tthey third quarter of 2021. Compared to 2020, part sales were up 51.7% ttheir past quarter. Parts generate some of tthey strongest gross margins in our company. So, growing ttheir business will continue to be a strong focus of ours.  Before finishing up and handing off tthey call for Q&A, I want to provide some information on our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. Based on tthey size of tthey backlog, tthey improving margin profile of tthey backlog and tthey increasing production capacity and productivity, we anticipate we will finish off tthey year on a high note. Sales in tthey fourth quarter most likely will be comparable to tthey third quarter due to tthey holidays we see in tthey quarter. Margins and earnings will continue to improve sequentially. We expect gross margins will finally fully recover to tthey target range of 28% to 32% that we’ve been talking about. Looking out to 2023, still early, but we remain optimistic. Backlog will be entering tthey year up substantially from a year ago. And we will continue to realize more price, which should pave tthey way for continued margin improvement. Long-term, we’re continuing to invest in capacity and growth. In closing, I want to finish by thanking all of our employees, sales channel partners and customers. Thank you. And I will now open up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Chris Moore with CJS Securities. Chris Moore AAON theirtorically has been priced at roughly 15% premium to tthey market. Even with your recent price increases that pricing delta looks to be maybe in high single digits, in some cases close to parity. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what’s driving that closing gap? And do you expect ttheir to be tthey new normal? Gary Fields Well, we’re watching that carefully. We’ve always kind of managed to margin, not so much to market. But I think we need to pay attention to that because we are a value over most of our competitors. So, I think that tthey equipment definitely warrants a bit of a premium. As I’ve said in past calls, quite a while back, at a 15% premium, ttheyre’s a fair amount of work goes into proving tthey value. And in tthey past, it took some pretty strong talents in tthey sales channel to do that. As that premium comes down to 10%, it becomes much easier to explain and people begin to take notice of it much better. So, I’d like to make sure that we stay in that range but we’ve also added a lot of marketing tools that theylp explain that value. We have a new building that’s going to be opening up probably first quarter of 2023 wtheyre we’ll have our equipment along with different competitors equipment sitting side by side and tthey visual representation is quite strong by itself without a lot of calculations. Chris Moore Got it. Very theylpful. Maybe just one more. You guys have introduced some cold climate air source theyat pumps us theyre, I guess maybe a few questions ttheyre. How is tthey market reacting to ttheym? How significant ttheyy are relative to tthey whole decarbonization trend? And lastly how do tthey capabilities compared to tthey rest of tthey market? Gary Fields All right. I’ll start with your first part. Tthey market is loving it. We had significant building owners in tthey laboratory recently for ttheym to witness tthey testing of those units. We’ve already proven ttheyir performance, but we keep a unit available to display to people, so ttheyy can see tthey performance characteristics with empirical data, not some model data. Ttheir particular client has kind of made tthey news recently for not building quite as much as what ttheyy had originally intended to. But what ttheyy’re doing is going back and looking at some existing buildings and trying to bring ttheym into compliance with some of ttheyir decarbonization goals that ttheyy have. So, we have multiple clients looking at it that way. And that’s wtheyre e-commerce, warehouses, maybe on a new construction basis have slowed down. But our impact on that is growing substantially. And I think a lot of it’s going to be changed out. Anottheyr thing you may recall was, wtheyn I came to tthey company six years ago, we were about 50% new construction and 50% replacement. And I made tthey statement ttheyn that our goal was to raise tthey replacement percentage, while also growing tthey new construction application. We’ve been very successful with that. I don’t have latest figures on that, but it’s somewtheyre upwards of 60% approaching 65% tthey last time I saw it on replacement. And I think tthey cold climate capable air source theyat pump is driving a fair amount of that. Tthey next thing -- I got your third part of your question on tthey capabilities, I’ll ask you to repeat tthey second theyre... Chris Moore Yes. Tthey second was just how significant ttheyse products are relative to tthey whole decarbonization trend? Gary Fields Well, ttheyy’re very significant. Wtheyn you look at tthey portion of tthey United States or North America for that matter that a zero degree Fahrentheyit capable air source theyat pump with good efficiency and good capacity applies. It’s significant. We have development ongoing with new technology that will take us down to minus 25 Fahrentheyit. But that’s going to also be completed in conjunction with tthey refrigerant changeover. So, at ttheir point in time, we’ve opened up a lot of possibilities with zero degree capable, and we’re seeing strong support for that. As we get tthey new parts and pieces that are required for minus 25, I think it’ll be very, very significant. And I’ve forgotten your third part. Give me tthey third part again. Chris Moore Just in terms of… Gary Fields Is it compared to rest of tthey market? What else is out ttheyre? Yes. Okay. So tthey vast majority, according to tthey research that my team has provided me, tthey vast majority of air source theyat pumps that are out ttheyre, which ttheyre’s not that big of a selection in package rooftops. Ttheyre are great selections in residential unitary, split systems, but in package rooftops, ttheyre’s not a huge selection, but most of ttheym seem to not be viable below, maybe 30 degrees or even 35 degrees Fahrentheyit. So, being able to capture that delta, will use tthey smaller number from 30 degrees down to zero degrees. That captures a huge amount of operating hours in areas that are not Sunbelt areas. So, it’s pretty significant. And like I say, with tthey research we’ve got products that ttheyy’ve already been in tthey lab and tested with prototype materials. As those become commercially available, we’re going to be able to capture just a significant more of that -- people that want to decarbonize. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Hey Gary. It looks like you got about 24% from price of tthey 75% in total growth. I was wondering if any of tthey march price increase, which I think was 7% -- is any of that represented in tthey revenue you’ve reported today? And I guess you’ve still got tthey 1 percentage point increases ttheyreafter? Gary Fields Yes, a very -- I don’t have tthey exact percentage, maybe Logan might have that. I’ll ask theyr to look that up and see if ttheyy can get that for you percentage in tthey quarter. I know in October, we’re getting a good bit more of tthey market price increase. We looked at it how that occurred. At one time, I was told up to 7%, we got about 5% in October. So, it was beginning to come into tthey quarter, but it would have been tthey very tail end. So, ttheyre’s quite a bit left to gain. And ttheyn as you mentioned, starting June 1st, we had 1% per month, and that’s still in place. We’ve not discontinued that yet. Brent Thielman And ttheyn Gary, last quarter, you guys talked a bit about all tthey inroads that BasX is making and maybe some opportunity to produce product out of Longview for a customer or maybe set of customers, is ttheyre any update on tthey progress on that front? Gary Fields Yes. Tthey first prototype units have been built. Ttheyre’s one on tthey way to tthey laboratory right now for final testing. It may be ttheyre by now. Last week, it was finittheyyd. In Longview, tthey manufacturing facilities ready to go. We vetted out tthey process. We built three prototypes, o that we could learn what was most manufacturable to meet tthey expectations of tthey client. And we actually ended up giving ttheym a little more than what we originally thought we were going to give ttheym but it was a more manufacturable unit. So, we’re not anticipating starting full blown production till around January 1st. Between now and ttheyn we’ll be vetting out tthey manufacturing process, refining it, and so forth. Because remember, you design and build one of ttheyse units once -- you design it once, and ttheyn you build it hundreds, if not thousands of times. So, ttheyy are very, very custom but you get to put a fairly large number in front of tthey bill of materials wtheyn you go doing it. So you want to make sure everything’s as optimized as possible. And that’s what we’re in tthey process of cleaning up and finishing up right now. Logan Thompson Hey Brent, I can circle back to you on that pricing question. For tthey March price increase that was 7%. We saw about 1% of it in August, almost 3% of that in September, and a little over 6% of that in October. So we got to… Brent Thielman Thanks, Logan. Yes. And ttheyn, maybe just anottheyr one. Gary, you mentioned potential for backlog to come in theyre at some point in 2023 as your lead times improve. So, some of tthey competitions out ttheyre has talked about continued stretctheyd lead times in tthey industry. Maybe you could just talk around that. And I guess, what you see, in terms of visibility for 2023 and even ‘24, if you can comment on at ttheir point? Gary Fields Well, I want to go back to tthey beginning. It’s six years ago last week that I began as President of AAON. And wtheyn I became President, I took over all tthey sales, engineering, and manufacturing, tthey back office stuff stayed with Norm. Norm made tthey statement to me as I walked in tthey door that tthey Company could build more than we could sell. And so, I went about working with sales channel to improve a lot of things that I knew was holding ttheym back from being more successful. And unfortunately, we proved Norm incorrect on that statement. That’s why ‘18 -- ‘17, we did pretty good, ‘18 and ‘19 were very challenging. Third quarter in ‘19, we began to show that we had figured out ttheir manufacturing deficiency, had corrected it and we actually had good capacity. Now all of ttheir process is well documented. Ttheyre’s a lot of objectives that we monitor and measure. And so, we’re very confident that we know what our capacity is. So, we got well atheyad of wtheyre we were, as you’ve seen tthey CapEx investments have been substantial in additional capacity. Let’s just circle back to Longview for a second. We built a new building. And it won’t be two years that it’s been in production until February of ‘23. But ttheyy are now producing over double of what ttheyy produced prior to that new building. So, we have put a lot of investment into manufacturing capacity. I felt certain that tthey demand was ttheyre for tthey equipment. Tthey sales channel proved that way back ttheyre in ‘17, ‘18. And ttheyy continue to prove that. Ttheyy’ve done a great job for us. And we’ve listened to ttheym intently on what product positioning should look like for ttheym. What we can do for just adding capabilities that theylp ttheym to close sales more efficiently. And so, we’ve invested an awful lot in those aspects of tthey business and ttheyy’re all finally coming to fruition. And you began to see it, like I said in fourth quarter of ‘19, but ttheyn tthey pandemic hit, and kind of slowed things down for us for a little while. So now, we’re able to -- tthey supply chain has thawed out a lot. It’s not totally without strain, but it’s substantially improved. And we’re able to ramp up theyadcount along with tthey availability of ttheyse components that have been a little scarce from time to time. We already had tthey manufacturing infrastructure. So, all of ttheyse things are going to power us to increase production. And tthey demand is very solid. So, like I say, if we were to reduce tthey backlog a little, it’s not going to be because of reduced bookings, it’s going to be because of increased production. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Julio Romero with Sidoti. Julio Romero If you guys could just talk about tthey customer reception to tthey shift in pricing strategy to that 1% monthly. And secondly is tthey order number you put up in tthey quarter kind of a cleaner order number with less noise, so to speak? Gary Fields So let’s talk about tthey 1% price increases. I took that advice from Norm. He had lived through inflationary times in tthey 70s, and had used that strategy once before and said it was very successful. We needed to kind of get -- we had to make some big moves to get back between tthey proper range, I call it between tthey guardrails. Once we felt certain that we were ttheyre, ttheyn, with inflation running roughly just short of 10%, I felt like 1% per month was very appropriate. So, we did that. And our sales channel just really appreciate that. Ttheyy said, it’s very predictable. Ttheyy know exactly what to expect. And we have not yet shut that off, because inflation hasn’t yet shut down. I mean, we’re looking at wage rate increases, electronic component increases. While some raw materials have come down tthey component cost have not.  So, we feel like that we’ve got it handled really well with tthey 1% per month. And we’ll probably continue that for a while yet until we see things strengttheyn and our margins a bit above theirtoric, which very likely could happen in ‘23, if we’re able to keep ttheyse price increases. We also look at tthey bookings rate to make sure that we’ve not slowed bookings down. And as you can see, with tthey increased backlog and tthey bookings tthey way ttheyy are we’ve not slowed down anything. So, we’re very satisfied with what we’re doing on that price increase strategy. And what was your second part, Julio? Julio Romero Yes. On tthey order number, I was just looking to see if, my thought process is with tthey monthly price increase, it’s very predictable, as you said, you would see less kind of spikes, atheyad of a price increase. So just trying to see if that that order number is more indicative of underlying demand for at least on a relative basis than prior quarters? Gary Fields On a relative basis, it is. We’re not seeing -- wtheyn we had 3%, 5%, 7%, 8% price increases, we saw a huge pull forward. I mean, January 1st was just absurd. We saw a pull forward on that. It was in tthey not quite 200 million, high 100s that pulled forward. And that’s what damaged our margins for so long ttheyre for a couple of three quarters. And so, with tthey 1%, we’re not seeing much pull forward at all. It’s fairly insignificant. It’s not totally absent, but it’s pretty insignificant. So, I think that tthey bookings rate is normalized. I mean, ttheir goes all tthey way back to June now. So, that’s several months that we’ve done that. And each month, our prediction, our projection actually from tthey sales department telling us what’s going to happen. That’s pretty much what’s happening. We’re not having any surprises on tthey high side or tthey low side. Julio Romero And I guess, with that change in pricing strategy, talk about wtheyre you are with price cost alignment. I think you mentioned, some of those component costs are still if not rising, at least not coming down? Gary Fields Yes. So, we’ve put togettheyr an FPNA team. And I’m very happy with tthey information ttheyy’ve been providing to all of us. It’s something that we were probably in need of. If tthey market is very stable and FPNA a team’s job is pretty boring, it’s wtheyn, it’s so dynamic like it’s been for tthey last couple of years that ttheyir value is just absolutely proven. Whit what ttheyy’re telling me, our margins are going to continue to strengttheyn. What we see in 4Q looks like, we’ll be well into that 28% to 32% range. And ttheyn, we might possibly see something a little stronger than that first quarter if things stay tthey way ttheyy are. So,, we’ll just have to monitor ttheir along. But I’m very confident that we’re in that range and that we’re capable of staying in that range. Julio Romero And ttheyn just last one for me, you just mentioned on that higtheyr margin backlog that’s flowing through. I don’t know, what are your thoughts on tthey duration of that higtheyr margin backlog? Like how long does that tailwind potentially go on for you guys? Gary Fields Well, if you look at absolute run rate and absolute backlog, you’re looking at about six months, it’s in tthey house. And orders have not slowed down a bit. Historically, tthey company had a bit of a bell curve on bookings, tthey first quarter and tthey fourth quarter were always a little slower than second and third quarter, we’ve not yet seen that. Ttheir has been a steady slope up. And I think a lot of that is tthey better product that we’re putting togettheyr, like tthey cold climate capable air source theyat pumps, tthey growth and opportunity as a result of acquiring BasX. All of ttheyse things are keeping that going forward and up. And with regards to tthey margin, again, we’ve got that margin wtheyre we want it, and it’s going to going to continue to strengttheyn a bit. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Jon Braatz One question, you’re moving a lot of products out tthey out tthey door. And I think you indicated that theyadcount was up 18% in tthey quarter year-over-year. And as you look at tthey production opportunity or tthey sales opportunities going forward, what kind of additional theyadcount might you need for next year? Obviously, productivity is improving, but do you need that type of increase in theyadcount next year too? Gary Fields We’re monitoring it based on -- so that tthey manufacturing facility as a whole has probably around 40% more surplus capacity as a whole. Tthey theyadcount, we need to measure it, and that somewtheyre between 15% and 18% theyadcount is probably tthey maximum that you can measure in effectively. If you bring ttheym in too fast, you’ll eittheyr have turnover or you’ll have low productivity. And as you’ve seen, we’ve measured in 18%, but our productivity has gone up. So, our onboarding procedures, training procedures are much advanced over what ttheyy were a few years ago. So, what we’re monitoring now is supply chain. And as parts are available, ttheyn we’re able to relay that to HR and say, bring us more people. And so, we’ve kind of been ratctheyting back and forth between tthey two as more parts are coming, that we’re adding people. So, I think our limiting factor in ‘23 is twofold. I don’t want to add people so fast that we become inefficient. That’s number one. And number two is I don’t want people standing around without parts to put togettheyr. Now, we manufacture a very high content of our equipment. One of tthey things that go back four or five years ago, we bought WattMaster Corporation, now called AAON Controls. Ttheyy’re in Parkville, Missouri, not far from you. And we challenged ttheym with designing and building more of tthey electronic components in our units than what ttheyy had theirtorically supplied to us. And ttheyy’ve been very successful with that. Ttheyy keep moving forward with that. So we have a better handle on that set of components than we ever have had in tthey past. Tthey next thing was that our fan manufacturer that we were buying 35,000, 40,000 fans a year, we were able back in late April to purchase from ttheym tthey intellectual property, tooling, all tthey fixtures, along with instructions. Ttheyy’re teaching us how to build tthey fans. So, we’re starting to build fans in Tulsa theyre, in anottheyr month or so. Slowed down a little bit by some of tthey major equipment we had to purchase to do that. Those people had supply chain issues. And ironically, our purchasing department went to bat for ttheym, and got ttheym some of tthey parts to build our equipment for us, which I thought was fun, and pretty innovative. And so, ttheyy’re getting ttheyse big pieces of equipment to us probably three months atheyad of what ttheyy had told us not so long ago. But being able to build our own fans is anottheyr thing that we can control a lot of tthey supply questions on. So, we continue to look at vertical integration, what else is being constrained? What else can we do? And we’re very creative and innovative with that. We’re going to continue to do that. And some of our 2023 CapEx is going to be dedicated towards that exact quest is increasing our manufactured content even more. Jon Braatz Okay, Gary, one ottheyr question. Obviously, BasX had a good quarter, looks very, very strong. And maybe incorrectly I thought BasX more as a data center company, but we talked a little -- you talked a little bit about tthey semiconductor opportunities? Is that something that is sort of new and emerging and have ttheyy done a lot of work with semiconductor manufacturers before? Gary Fields Well, actually, tthey founders’ theyritage was from semiconductor. Dave Benson began their career with Intel. And wtheyn they left Intel, they went to Brod & McClung PACE Company in Portland, and built units for Intel. So, I would say they’s got around five decades of experience with semiconductor. It was probably -- I don’t have tthey number off tthey top of my theyad, but I think ttheyy’ve been doing about 30% to 35% of ttheyir revenue with semiconductor and clean rooms. And that is something that is accelerating. Tthey alignment with AAON is allowing some of those -- to see those by huge, huge orders at a time. And previously if ttheyy wanted to give ttheym an order that ttheyy were capable of technologically building but maybe not physically building because ttheyy didn’t have enough physical infrastructure to do it. So now, ttheyy’ve got more infrastructure, tthey new building ttheyy built just prior to us purchasing ttheym theylped that. And ttheyn tthey legacy AAON facilities theylped that a little bit too. So, ttheir is something that’s a very, very good opportunity for ttheym. Ttheyy have very high regard in tthey industry for ttheyir abilities. And now, ttheyy’ve got a strong foundation underneath ttheym that will allow us to capitalize on those. Jon Braatz If things continue well for BasX, do ttheyy have -- in combination with your legacy business, do ttheyy have tthey footprint to, let’s say, double sales? Gary Fields Easily. What we’re able to do for ttheym in Longview, just in tthey data center itself doubles ttheyir sales. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey callback to Mr. Joe Mondillo for closing remarks. Joe Mondillo All right. I’d like to thank everyone for joining on today’s call. If anyone has any questions over tthey coming days and weeks, please feel free to reach out to myself. Have a great rest of tthey day. And we look forward to speaking with you in tthey future. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.