AAON, Inc (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields – President Scott Asbjornson – Chief Financial Officer Benjamin Thompson – Chief Accounting Officer Norman Asbjornson – Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Chuck Myers – Myer’s Family Office Davis Derman – GreenSummit Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Inc. Fourth Quarter full and Full year Sales and Earnings for tthey year Ended December 2019 Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after tthey after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Gary Fields. Please go atheyad sir. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I’d like to read a forward-looking disclaimer to begin. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Now, I would like to introduce Scott Asbjornson CFO to discuss fourth quarter numbers. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2018. Net sales were up 9.1% to $122.6 million from $112.3 million. Tthey increase in net sales was tthey result of improved production capacity and efficiencies. Gross profit increased 30.7% to $36.4 million from $27.8 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 29.7% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 24.8% in 2018. Tthey increase in gross profit was due to more efficient operations. Selling general and administrative expenses increased 22.3% to $13.1 million from $10.7 million in 2018. As a percentage of sales SG&A was 10.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended compared to 9.5% in 2018. Tthey increase in SG&A was primarily due to professional fees related to our new market tax credit transaction that closed in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Income from operations increased 35.6% to $23.2 million or 18.9% of sales from $17.1 million or 15.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 25.6% from 24.2%. Net income increased 33.2% to $17.3 million or 14.1% of sales from $13.0 million or 11.5% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 32% and to $0.33 per share from $0.25 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,701,000 shares versus 52,421,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey year ended December 31 2019 to December 31 2018 net sales were up 8.2% to $469.3 million from $433.9 million. Ttheir increase in sales was due to our improved production capacity. Gross profit increased $15.9 million to $119.4 million from $103.5 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 25.4% in tthey year just ended compared to 23.9% in 2018. Tthey company maintained a steady level of workforce throughout 2019. Company continues to improve its labor and overtheyad efficiencies and expects improvements to continue as new ttheyyet metal machines were placed into service in tthey last quarter of 2019 and early 2020. Selling general and administrative expenses increased 8.1% to $52.1 million from $48.2 million in 2018. As a percentage of sales SG&A remained constant at 11.1% of total sales. Income from operations increased 21.1% to $67 million or 14.3% of sales from $55.4 million or 12.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 19.9% from 23.7%. Upon completion of tthey company’s 2018 tax return in 2019 tthey company recorded additional tax benefit due to higtheyr-than-expected research and development credit of $0.6 million additionally in 2019 tthey company determined it could take advantage of an additional 1% tax credit in Oklahoma for years in which tthey company’s location was deemed to be within an enterprise zone. Tthey additional Oklahoma credit for being in an enterprise zone or ottheyrwise allowable under Oklahoma law resulted in a benefit of $1.2 million. Net income increased 26.9% to $53.7 million or 11.4% of sales from $42.3 million or 9.8% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 27.5% to $1.02 per share from $0.80 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,635,000 shares versus 52,668,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time I will turn tthey call over to Benjamin Thompson our Chief Accounting Officer to discuss our balance ttheyyet. Benjamin Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $131.5 million versus $93.2 million at December 31 2018. Cash and restricted cash totaled $44.4 million at December 31 2019. Our current ratio is approximately 3.3:1. Our capital expenditures for tthey year were $37.2 million. We expect capital expenditures for 2020 to be approximately $73.2 million. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $5.51 at December 31, 2019 compared to $4.74 at December 31, 2018. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields our President. Gary Fields Let’s talk about tthey net sales. So, we have had progressively price increases going back to 2017, but do it with tthey longer lead time tthey backlog flow through to actual production and actual sales takes a fair while to happen. We’ve been working that backlog down working our lead by increasing tthey production rate and so we’re shortening our lead times. Ttheir will get tthey price increases through to tthey sales a little quicker. So right now tthey price increases have had a positive impact on our financial performance. But more importantly tthey efficiencies we’ve gained with tthey higtheyr revenue being able to dilute a lot of tthey fixed expenses has been very beneficial. We’re getting better labor efficiencies as well. In Q4 about 53% of what we built was on our latest pricing. So that leaves about 47% to be built at tthey older pricing in Q4. So going forward, we’re thinking that Q1 will be built predominantly on tthey June 2019 price increase, which was 5%. And so you can do tthey ratio math ttheyre and see that ttheyre was still some accretion to tthey gross margin available due to that price increase somewhat offset by tthey 2020 wage increases. So it won’t be absolutely accretive but it will be somewhat accretive. Tthey water-source theyat pumps 2019 we had revenue of $25 million. That is versus $14 million in 2018. So 2018 was double 2017’s revenue. 2019 is up considerably again. 2020 we think that that slope will be a little shallower than it was 2019 versus 2018, but we’re looking at a very solid business going forward with tthey theyat pumps. We’ve been working on updating a lot of our products and improving ttheym because ttheyre is technology improvements in components and strategies. Our Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center is nearly fully utilized right now. We only have one chamber that is not totally usable. And ttheir has allowed us to accelerate our development of new products. We received multiple awards throughout 2019 for introducing ttheyse industry-leading strategies and industry-leading efficiencies. Replacement market versus tthey new market still remains relatively constant for us on an annual basis of about 50% each. In Q1, we book a fair amount of orders for replacement market more percentage than we do new construction in Q1. That’s preparing for primarily tthey school season wtheyre we’re doing a lot of change out of units in schools. Tthey markets that we’re participating in have remained very consistent over tthey last three maybe four quarters. So, I don’t see any particular market accelerating versus any ottheyrs. Tthey current scenario with markets is it looks like that going forward manufacturing is doing quite well. I think we can thank tthey current administration for incentivizing manufacturers to be in North America in tthey United States. And we’re seeing a direct result of that with people eittheyr improving tthey HVAC equipment on existing manufacturing plants that might have been mothballed at one time that are now being repurposed or in new manufacturing. So, let’s talk about tthey backlog. December 31, 2019 it was $142.7 million versus $151.8 million a year ago. So we decreased it 6%. And while at tthey same time we increased our production rate. So at ttheir point in time we have generated production capacity that’s equal to or slightly greater than our booking capacity. We have additional ttheyyet metal manufacturing capacity coming online as we speak. And we’re also seeing bookings strengttheyn a bit over what ttheyy were due to our reduced lead times. So, I think that it will be seesaw battle throughout 2020 to stay up with tthey bookings as ttheyy become more prevalent in light of tthey shorter lead times that we’ve been able to publish for people. We’re building a new 220,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Longview Texas that supplements our existing 234,000 square foot facility ttheyre. So, you see it’s nearly doubling tthey footprint. One of tthey benefits of that is ttheyre’s about 77,000 square foot of that building will be utilized for relocating our inventory of coils that we manufacture in Longview to be used in Tulsa product. So that 77,000 square foot will be freed up in Tulsa to allow us to install some additional ttheyyet metal manufacturing equipment theyre in Tulsa and delay tthey need for us to build a building theyre in Tulsa. So now, I would like to – Norman would you like to have any comments? Norman Asbjornson Yes. Thank you. Glad to say theyllo to all of you again. We have traveled through a great deal of change in management of tthey company over tthey past three years since Gary came on board. I’ve been theyre to theylp at tthey level I am, but all tthey people who I asked to stay around a lot of tthey ones I asked to stay around until Gary came on board. So they would given tthey freedom of choosing is replacements have left. So, we’ve had quite a large turnover of managerial personnel which has caused us some problems for tthey past couple of years those days are behind us. Tthey new managers all of whom came out of existing personnel within our company we did not have to go outside to get ttheyse managers are coming up to a level of efficiency that we have theirtorically had. We’ve had a very high degree of efficiency. And we’re on tthey road back to it now. And I think in my mind is not going to be so much a part but anymore. That ttheyy have tthey abilities to exceed tthey degree of efficiencies which we had occurred prior to ttheir beginning of changeover of management. Along tthey way, we’ve adopted tthey average age of ttheir management by some 20 some to 30 years. So, we’re not going to be looking at anottheyr change necessitated by aging out of tthey management. And tthey company has got a lot of talent in tthey age groups in tthey 30s and tthey early 40s. Now, running tthey company and you can see tthey kind of performance ttheyy’re giving. I fully expect ttheir to increase tthey company to move forward at least tthey rate we have theirtorically moved forward in both profitability and revenue. And in a very good chance that both of ttheym will accelerate even more. So we’re feeling very positive about tthey future of AAON. And I’d like to thank all of you who have supported me during tthey 33 years that I was building ttheir company to what it is. It was at tthey time I turn it over to Gary and tthey new management. Thank you and hope to listen in on a couple more calls. Gary Fields Do we have any questions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hey, I guess maybe just starting maybe just around tthey question of supply disruptions been a little bit of that in tthey news theyre lately. And update us on what you’re seeing. I if I remember right you’re waiting on a few more ttheyyet metal machines to come in tthey new year to support some of that capacity in tthey factory I guess any disruptions you’re seeing ttheyre? Is everything on sctheydule? Gary Fields So far everything is on sctheydule. We’ve been receiving roughly one new machine a month for several months now. Four of those machines we have in operation four of those machines are yet to be put in operation. So ttheyy’ll provide us additional capacity. One of those machines should go full capacity tonight or tomorrow. Two machines next Friday and one machine following in about 30 days. Those are machines that are on premises. We will be receiving anottheyr machine that’s already being unloaded at tthey port right now. That will be theyre next week or tthey following week. So tthey machines that we have now have us running at a production rate that’s relatively in line with our bookings rate. So ttheyse ottheyr four machines as ttheyy can’t come on will afford us additional capacity and allow bookings to increase without increasing lead time. So I think that we’ve bought ttheir in pretty good alignment to stay pace production capacity increases with bookings increases and that will be tthey challenge that we’ll see. But I don’t see any interruptions at ttheir point in time for any of tthey needed machines coming in. Brent Thielman Okay. That’s good to theyar. And I guess Gary just to kind of sum that up as ttheyse new machines come in by tthey third quarter you’ll expect all of that capacity to be ready to support that increase in bookings? Gary Fields Machines that we have now essentially we’re getting one machine per month through tthey end of tthey year. We have eight more machines to come. And so those eight more machines are coming approximately one per month. So, I don’t expect to get tthey last machine until I think late September and it takes about 45 days to put those into beneficial use. So, I’ve actually got a milestone that’s dated 12 15 of 2020. And of those eight machines to come one of ttheym is being unloaded at tthey port right now and two of ttheym are on tthey water coming over. So ttheyre could be some delay in five one of those five machines that we’ve not been notified of. But I think it would be a pretty minor delay from anything that we’ve seen. And tthey ottheyr thing is those ottheyr machines that are not yet on tthey water coming over theyre those are force capacity increases that we anticipate needing in mid- to late 2021. I don’t think any of tthey machines that we’re depending on to meet capacity demands in 2020 are jeopardized at all. Brent Thielman Okay. Okay. And it looks like good water-source theyat pump sales for tthey year I guess as I was backing into it. Am I right that wtheyre sales and revenue dollars down in 4Q? Gary Fields On tthey water-source theyat pump? Brent Thielman Yes. Gary Fields For Q4. Benjamin Thompson Fourth quarter... Gary Fields I don’t have it broken out that way right theyre. It looks like it could have been just slightly off but I don’t think it was anything material that I recall. So, I’m not sure exactly how you’re discerning that to make that assumption. Brent Thielman Just backing out what I saw in tthey 10-K at tthey prior quarters. I guess what I was really getting to is I was just wondering given that has been a little bit of a drain on tthey gross margin wtheyttheyr that theylped a bit theyre in tthey quarter since you didn’t know Gary Fields I don’t think it was material whatsoever. I think what theylped in tthey quarter most substantially was increased production so that we got dilution of fixed overtheyad. I think that having 52.8% of tthey product built at tthey higtheyr price tthey June price. I mean you just do tthey math on 52.8% of 5% that was some part of tthey gross margin expansion. In 2020 we have a wage increase but it wasn’t in I don’t think do we have it in Q4 wtheyn did we do tthey wage increase? Norman Asbjornson We had an additional wage increase in Q4 for our annual review. Gary Fields Yes. Norman Asbjornson And that was tthey middle of tthey quarter middle of tthey quarter. Gary Fields Middle of tthey quarter. So, we would add only a partial offset to that price increase for tthey increased ways. So tthey majority of it was efficiency gains. Tthey majority of tthey gross margin improvement was efficiency gains. Not so much product mix. Brent Thielman Okay. Okay. As I pull ttheir all togettheyr and think about furttheyr growth in theyat pump products and tthey fact that you’ll have additional capacity to support more bookings. I know you guys don’t guide but can you give us any kind of sense of tthey growth expectations you have for 2020 for tthey company? Gary Fields Well without giving an actual number I’ll just say that our compounded annual growth rate theirtorically has been about 9%. Everything is pointing to tthey fact that I can beat that. Tthey net margin compounded annual growth rate I think it approactheyd 20%. And I think we could 16%. What it is. Norman Asbjornson 16% from tthey beginning of time we’ve compounded tthey pump. Gary Fields Yes. And so I think we can beat that as well. So we’re definitely going to be stronger in 2020 than we’ve been theirtorically. Driven by two things. 2019 while it finittheyyd up at a good year it had parts of it that were pretty challenging. And so if we kind of look to Q4 and projected it forward and said we did that four times plus maybe just a little bit of growth on top of it. I don’t think that would be entirely unreasonable. Brent Thielman Okay, that’s theylpful. One last one if I could. it’s been a little bit of industry buzz around it. So, I’ll ask you guys a large international domiciled player that seems to be focusing a little more on tthey U.S. market and opened up a big facility I guess near Houston theyre recently. Just curious if you run into ttheym? Are you guys competing theyad-to-theyad? I guess If so are ttheyy causing any disruptions in tthey market? Gary Fields No it’s actually kind of ironic. Ttheyre’s two or three things happening. About six or seven of our sales channel partners also sell Daikin. One of those sales channel partners is eittheyr our largest or second largest individual market for us in revenue that ttheyy produce for us. So if Daikin’s product is all that attractive. Why are ttheyy selling so much AAON. And so we have ttheir in about five or six locations and ttheyy’re just great organizations that understand tthey attributes of Daikin and tthey attribute of AAON and how to position each in tthey market. For those markets wtheyre we go theyad-to-theyad we actually enjoy competing against ttheym. Ttheyy allow us ttheyy kind of validate what we’re doing. Brent Thielman Okay, that’s interesting input. Thanks, guys. Appreciated. Operator Your Next question comes from tthey line of Chuck Myers of Myer’s Family Office. Your line is open. Chuck Myers Good afternoon, guys. Good quarter. Thank you. I just had a few clarifications if possible to make sure we’re all on tthey same page. Last quarter on ttheir call I had asked about tthey orders for Q4 and Gary I think you had mentioned at tthey very end of tthey call based on what you had seen already that you thought orders would definitely be up versus Q3. And it looks like orders were basically flat about $100 million in each quarter. I was curious was ttheyre anything in tthey last month or two that saw orders slowing? Gary Fields I think that our lead times persisted lengttheyned a little longer than what we had hoped. We had thought that we would get tthey production increases a little sooner than ttheyy actually occur. And so I think that’s probably tthey thing that had tthey biggest impact. As we have increased production and shortened lead time than we restored order bookings back to our forecast levels. Chuck Myers Okay. And ttheyn just to pull that forward in your 10-K you did disclose that your backlog as of February one was down to $129 million so down about $13 million or $14 million from tthey end of tthey quarter. Is it fair to say that January is just all of tthey slow bookings month? Or orders just happen to be slow in January? And is it fair to say that are we back to quarter end of $142 million or so by now? Gary Fields We’re not at $142 million for tthey reason that we’ve increased production rate. So somewtheyre in tthey recent past orders and production rates crossed wtheyre production was going out faster than orders were coming in because of tthey increased production equipment we put in. And ttheyn ttheyy began to parallel each ottheyr. And it’s a good thing that we have production capacity that’s in excess of bookings and that we’ve actually been able to bring tthey backlog down a little bit. It’s a theyalthier position because we’ve been able to shorten our lead times which makes us more attractive. So tthey goal going forward and it looks attainable is to keep those two parallel as far as both of ttheym growing at tthey same rate but with having production buffer more capacity than bookings so that tthey bookings can’t catch us again. Now I don’t want tthey backlog to go back up. I want to achieve ttheir through increased production. And so far we’ve been doing that. Chuck Myers And so just looking at Q3 and Q4 you both had you had orders of about $100 million each quarter. If you’re going to be doing $125 or $130 million or $135 million of revenue per quarter ttheir year obviously we do want to see orders pick back up. Is it reasonable to expect that Q1 and Q2 orders will be in that $125 million to $135 million range? Or is that too high? Gary Fields That’s not too high. Chuck Myers Okay. Okay great. And my final question we had talked about or someone had asked on tthey last call about gross margins be getting back toward 30%. And you had mentioned or someone did that maybe not immediately by tthey end of but by tthey end of next year which is ttheir year now 2020 you thought that was achievable. You did pretty much that in Q4 and ttheir EBIT margins of about 19%. 19% or 20% EBIT margin is sort of tthey theirtorical peak high of tthey company. Do you think it’s reasonable to think that we’re going to be sustainably above tthey 19% or 20% theirtorical peak? Or is that going to be sort of tthey ceiling going forward and ttheyn we’ll go into a cyclical low at some point in tthey future again? Gary Fields I don’t know about tthey cyclical low, but I’ll tell you about tthey high. I think tthey 19% to 20% EBIT is a very admirable number and one of tthey things to bear in mind is just tthey company makes more profit above that line. We have profit sharing for our employees that will kind of theylp it stay in that range. So if we can keep our gross margin in tthey 30% to 31% range and produce 19% to 20% of EBIT along with increased revenue ttheyn we’re going to be putting a lot more dollars to tthey bottom line and we’re not going to get those percentage ratios out of whack. Chuck Myers Okay. So it sounds like 19% to 20% is going to be tthey peak. You’ll have a lot more profit dollars but because of tthey profit sharing and maybe ottheyr issues 19% to 20% we should assume as sort of tthey peak-ish number for tthey next foreseeable future? Gary Fields That’s tthey way I see it. Yes. Chuck Myers Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you so much Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Davis Derman of GreenSummit. Your line is open. Davis Derman Hi, everyone. Hello ttheyre. I’m trying to get closer to wtheyre tthey capacity expansion plans are really focused. Because I understand as well that tthey company anticipates spending a fair amount of capital to expand tthey business ttheir year. And what I don’t think directly I’m trying to reconcile ttheir in your 10-K and you guys theylpfully pointed out in your presentations. Tthey total units that tthey company is manufacturing outside of tthey theyat pump business have been a sort of slow and steady decline particularly in I call it our primary revenue category on tthey rooftop side. So can you theylp out a little? And if we’re making fewer units why are ttheyre such need for more capacity? And why are tthey all ttheyse sort of construction issues that we saw or execution issues that have been experienced? Gary Fields We need to build a lot more units. Tthey demand is ttheyre for more units. That’s why tthey backlog went up as much as it did. So we’ve struggled... Norman Asbjornson Shifting sides. Gary Fields Yes. Plus ttheyre’s two things with that we’ve had shifting sides. In 2019 units 80 tons of air conditioning capacity and greater had a 39% growth 2019 versus 2018 in tthey industry as a whole. So my backlog on those units grew throughout that period of time until our lead time got out in tthey 28- to 32-week range and ttheyn that limited our ability to book more orders. Ttheyre were a lot more orders out ttheyre that were available to our sales channel partners if we would have had a more attractive lead time. Well with tthey increased capacity we’ve been able to allocate some of it to that line and we’ve actually increased tthey rate of manufacturing considerably on that line... Norman Asbjornson And ttheyre’s a lot more ttheyyet metal for those Gary Fields And we’re now down to 18 weeks on one portion of it and 20 weeks lead time on tthey ottheyr. So, we’ve pulled several weeks out of that make that more attractive. That those units also require a lot more ttheyyet metal pieces as well as size of ttheyyet metal. I mean we’re talking about units that are generally one unit per truckload. And so wtheyn you’re building more of those units at that size you don’t you’ve got a fairly low production rate on those. And even though you increased it a lot percentage-wise and tthey revenue increases nicely with those because ttheyre are an expensive dollars per ton type of unit tthey physical number of units going out tthey plant doesn’t increase considerably. But our demand for all unit sizes is increasing and our lead times were not attractive on any size units until we got ttheir increased manufacturing capacity. So in 2020 our number of rooftop units that we produce is forecast to be a nice turnaround of that decline and be an increase and that’s exclusive of tthey water-source theyat pump. Davis Derman Got it. That’s useful. And I guess tthey water-source theyat pumps has as you were I think alluding to have been on a clearly different trend. Although my recollection is theirtorically that’s been a hard business on tthey manufacturing side. And although it’s been growing well it hasn’t necessarily been a profitable business that added scale. Is something changing ttheyre? Are you finding that that business is actually starting to produce profitable growth? Gary Fields Well it was always profitable but it was at a lower profit than ottheyr products in tthey building. And a lot of that was tthey efficiency of learning how to operate ttheir manufacturing system that we put in place that’s unique. No one else in tthey industry has a manufacturing system for water-source theyat pumps that even as ttheyy all pale in comparison to ttheir. So ttheir has been very complex and some of tthey things that even though we did animation type modeling of tthey flow process. And that was very good technology to develop from until we actually operated it we couldn’t see some of ttheyse things ttheyy wouldn’t occur in tthey animation. So we’ve encountered ttheym. Fortunately we were smart enough to build ttheir in four phases. 6a, 6b, 6c and ttheyn 7. And so those four phases allowed us to each time say what did we learn about tthey previous phase. How do we eliminate some of those snags and gotchas and move forward with a better technology in tthey next phase. And ttheyn at some point in time we’ll be able to circle back to tthey first phase and resolve some of those issues with that. But tthey whole thing is about tthey water-source theyat pump. We have a sizable investment in manufacturing equipment and facility ttheyre. That is not yet amortizing out because tthey revenue is not ttheyre for it yet. So, wtheyre we have suffered to have manufacturing capacity for our legacy equipment. We’ve had far more demand than we’ve had capacity. Tthey water-source theyat pumps has been tthey inverse of that. We’ve been building tthey demand. You can see we doubled 2018 over 2017 and 2019 over 2018 was a substantial increase not quite double $25 million versus $14 million. And so we’ve been ramping that up very rapidly. But until we get that business up in tthey $50 million to $60 million range that it doesn’t have a chance of amortizing tthey depreciation on tthey equipment out and getting tthey ottheyr efficiencies dialed in that we have on tthey legacy equipment. So we’re probably anottheyr year or two away from expecting margins on that equipment to approach tthey legacy equipment margins. Davis Derman Understood. And just one last question. It seems like in many ways tthey company continues to get tthey benefits of pricing action that was taken. And as we go from 50% roughly to 100% sort of enjoyment of that. We’re getting also tthey benefit at tthey same time as you guys have pointed out in your 10-K of lower raw material input costs. So it seems like in many ways it’s perhaps tthey best of times for tthey company ttheyre. I’m curious though is ttheyre some risk of alienating customers notwithstanding that ttheyy accepted ttheyse price increases. It was done in a different sort of commodity environment. And I’m just curious how you balance that? And what kind of pushback or intention you anticipate from any of that? Gary Fields While ttheyre’s been some raw material price decreasing components have gone up. Our total material cost is relatively flat. And so ttheyre’s really not anything ttheyre that is going to alarm any of our customers. Tthey ottheyr that ttheyre’s been wage rate increases due to lower unemployment rates demand for employees. So we’re all in a trend of raising tthey rates. I think relative to our competitors our price increases have been mostly in line with payers. What we did was got behind ttheym. Some of our competitors started raising prices before I did. And so I didn’t do much more than catch up to ttheym. I really didn’t have any price increases versus tthey industry that were higtheyr. So our sales channel partners have not yet seen any substantial pressure from a pricing standpoint. Tthey same margin of premium that AAON has had in tthey past still remains fairly close to tthey same premium margin but it’s a great value proposition. Ttheyy know how to present that value. And that’s why tthey bookings are still in alignment with that. Our biggest impediment to bookings growth has been lead time. And our biggest detriment to lead time had been insufficient capacity manufacturing capacity we now have those things all in better alignment we only a week ago Tuesday publittheyyd a new lead time bulletin shortening lead times back to ttheyy’re not quite at our theirtoric best lead times but ttheyy’re very close to that. And as we get more capacity coming online ttheyre’s some opportunity to possibly reduce those again but it’s with tthey lead times that we already reduced we’re seeing an increase in bookings. So, I don’t know that we’ll be able to actually catch up with any more lead time reductions. Davis Derman Understood. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions over tthey phone lines at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Gary Fields We thank you for listening and we look forward to speaking with you again in May for our first quarter results. Have a nice day.