AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call August 6, 2020 4:15 PM ET Company Participants  Gary Fields - President & CEO Scott Asbjornson - VP of Finance & CFO Jordan Thompson - CAO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants  Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson  Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first presenter, Mr. Gary Fields. Tthey floor is yours, you may begin. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I'd like to begin by reading a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control, that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So now I'd like to begin with telling you a little bit about our experience with coronavirus and how it's affected our business. First of all, and of utmost importance, is to thank our employees. We've been able to maintain continuous operations. As a result, we have been able to assist with many COVID-19 projects. We are -- and ttheir is vital to our business as an essential business and essential business supplier. I'm very proud of tthey effort that our employees have gone to, to maintain safety in tthey plant. Ttheyy are all wearing masks, social distancing, ttheyy're doing temperature scans on arrival and at any point in time throughout tthey day that ttheyy feel like that it's necessary. Wtheyn ttheyy clock in, in tthey mornings or in tthey evenings, whictheyver -- at tthey beginning of ttheyir shift, ttheyy certify through a wellness reporting system in our clock in. So we did have some absenteeism because of coronavirus. In June, we had -- about tthey second week of June, we had a substantial decline in attendance. It bottomed out in mid-June and was mostly restored in tthey second week of July. I'm very happy to say that we had very good results with our people returning to work theyalthy and ttheir was a temporary impact for that period of time I described. And we are mostly recovered on attendance, and ttheyse people came back very theyalthy, ready to work. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Scott Asbjornson, our Chief Financial Officer. Scott Asbjornson I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey 3 months ended June 30, 2020, versus June 30, 2019. Net sales were up 5.2% to $125.6 million from $119.4 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due primarily to our increased ttheyyet-metal production from tthey additional Salvagnini machines that were placed into operation as well as our price increases we implemented in 2019. Our gross profit increased 26.2% to $38.1 million from $30.2 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.4% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 25.3% in 2019. We continue to see overall raw material cost decrease. Tthey company has improved its labor and overtheyad efficiencies through increased production and absorption of fixed costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 23.4% to $15.9 million from $12.9 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A increased 12.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.8% in 2019. SG&A is up due to increases in profit-sharing, employee incentives, driven by increased earnings and largely to a $1.25 million contribution to Winifred, Montana Public Schools on behalf of Norman H. Asbjornson in recognition for their transition from CEO to Executive Chairman. Ttheir equates to roughly $0.025 per share. Income from operations increased 28.4% to $22.2 million or 17.7% of sales from $17.3 million or 14.5% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate decreased to 20.0% from 22.7%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2020 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 25.1%. Net income increased to $17.8 million or 14.2% of sales compared to $13.4 million or 11.2% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 36.0% to $0.34 per share from $0.25 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,750,000 shares versus 52,747,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Now for tthey comparative results of 6 months ended June 30, 2020 versus June 30, 2019. Net sales were up 12.8% to $263.1 million from $233.3 million. Net sales for tthey quarter were up due primarily to our increased ttheyyet-metal production from tthey additional Salvagnini machines that were placed into operation. Our gross profit increased 45.7% to $81.1 million from $55.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.8% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 23.9% in 2019. As already noted, we have experienced decreased material costs and improved overtheyad absorption. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 17.2% to $31.2 million from $26.6 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.8% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.4% in 2019. Income from operations increased 73.8% to $50 million or 19.0% of sales from $28.8 million or 12.3% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate decreased to 20.8% from 23.1%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2020 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 25.1%. Net income increased to $39.7 million or 15.1% of sales compared to $22.1 million or 9.5% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 78.6% to $0.75 per share from $0.42 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,885,000 shares versus 52,589,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Jordan Thompson, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer. Jordan Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $143.2 million versus $131.5 million at December 31, 2019. Unrestricted cash totaled $61.3 million at June 30, 2020. Our current ratio is approximately 2.9:1. Our capital expenditures were $33.5 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $73.2 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $15.9 million during tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2020. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $6.1 at June 30, 2020, compared to $5.51 at December 31, 2019. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields So net sales have increased. Ttheir is due, by and large, as Scott mentioned earlier, to tthey Salvagnini machines that allowed us to produce tthey ttheyyet metal required to build our units. So once we produce tthey ttheyyet metal, ttheyn it becomes more impacted by human activity. So absent of tthey time frame through June and tthey first week or 2 of July, we had been producing on a daily basis at a record pace, tthey higtheyst production numbers per day. So once absenteeism is stabilized, which has begun to do quite well, we're nearly restored on that. So we believe that our production has also stabilized. Of course, ttheir coronavirus is such a quick thing that can impact you, I suppose it could occur again. But we've done pretty well with that. So tthey projects that we have produced in relation to coronavirus, we've talked about last quarter, some of those for New York. Ttheyre's also been some ottheyr facilities that we produced equipment for, that -- for instance, in tthey state of Maine, ttheyre's a company up ttheyre that manufactures tthey swabs that are used for testing. And ttheyy've expanded ttheyir facility substantially. We've already supplied quite a few units to ttheym for ttheyir first expansion. And I think we're closing in on an order for anottheyr expansion that ttheyy have planned. Ttheyy were very happy with what we did on tthey first one. So that's kind of tthey tthey jobs that are directly related. No ttheyre's been a lot of indirect relationship in that ttheyre's been some community hospitals that have come out of mothballs that we've been able to provide some equipment to theylp renovate and update ttheyse. Ttheyre's been a myriad of facilities that are -- as a result of coronavirus, ttheyre was an awareness on tthey need to get ttheyse facilities up and going. Tthey ottheyr thing we're seeing good activity on, and we're very well positioned with our equipment for, is increased vigilance on indoor air quality. Tthey coronavirus is well-known to be a aerosol-transmitted virus. And so if you have tthey ability to do 2 things: one is capture that so that it's not recirculated; and two is, if you have tthey ability to kill that virus inside tthey unit. And so we have strategies that have assisted with that, with higtheyr levels of filtration and different methods utilized. Ttheyre's been 2 or 3 methods utilized to theylp reduce tthey life of virus that's circulated. We're fairly unique in that regard in that our basic design of our tthey aerosol of our equipment has additional static pressure capabilities to overcome tthey static pressure requirements of ttheyse higtheyr filtration levels that ASHRAE has recommended. So ttheir, again, positions us very well. I mentioned before that, that absenteeism had an impact on production. We've restored that now. So we're producing again at daily numbers that are on par with tthey best daily numbers we've ever achieved. Sales are coming in tthey door. Bookings, we saw a decline throughout tthey spring and tthey early summer versus our expectations and versus 2019. However, July turned around substantially. We finittheyyd July's bookings substantially above 2019 and more in alignment with our expectations prior to coronavirus. We've also looked at activities that are in tthey pipeline with our sales channel partners and believe that we're poised for fairly solid results going through tthey next period of time theyre, at least for anottheyr quarter or 2 as far as bookings. I think with tthey political environment, election and so forth, that ttheyre could be some debate on how well that's going to occur in Q4, Q1. And I think that a lot of states that opened up early on and got some activities going have seen a little pause in opening and some have even contracted a bit. So ttheyse are things that are very unpredictable. So it's very hard to give a solid direction wtheyre things are going, but our backlog remains very stable, very strong. And it's nearing our ideal point so that our lead times are nearing ttheyir ideal point as well. Water-source theyat pumps, ttheyre's not been a whole lot of change in that business. We saw a little weaker demand for it so far ttheir year than what we did in 2019. But we've began with some strategies to strengttheyn that in -- primarily in tthey aftermarket replacement business, looking at what makes a more effective presentation of product for that. And we're in tthey midst of designing some additional product that's more ideal for that backwardly compatible replacement market, such that if somebody has a failure that ttheyy don't want to repair tthey unit, you've got an instant change out for ttheym. So that's some of our redesign that we've done. In that regard, our legacy products, as I would like to term ttheym, tthey products that we build in Longview, Texas, tthey products that we build theyre in Tulsa prior to ttheir water-source theyat pump, are under constant development for improvement. We've got a multitude of strategies and improvements that are rolling out on a weekly to monthly basis. And we believe that each 1 of ttheyse is going to have a positive impact on our growth potential and our market share growth. So at ttheir point in time, we've seen everything relatively in line with past relationships as far as size of units and so forth. But I would like to point out that ttheyre's a couple of opportunities that we've been able to capture. And I think ttheyre's more on tthey horizon. And that is that ttheyre's some conditioned warehouses. Ttheyse are warehouses that require air conditioning. Ttheyy tend to be very large buildings and ttheyy utilize larger units. So you don't have a large quantity of units, you have larger tonnage. And ttheir falls very well into our offerings. Some of our competitors are very limited on tthey size range ttheyy have. And so ttheir has been able to provide us a really good opportunity. Some of those orders are already in-house. We have some more in tthey pipeline that are very, very significant. But manufacturing is tthey same time. We've seen some acceleration in manufacturing project opportunities, some of which we've capitalized on. I mentioned once before that we were awarded tthey contract to supply tthey air conditioning equipment for tthey new Black & Decker of Craftsman tools manufacturing in North Texas. We have ottheyr manufacturing facilities, some of which are -- we don't want to talk about individual projects so much wtheyn ttheyy're in tthey pipeline, but ttheyre are some opportunities out ttheyre that are boding very well for us. Office buildings are challenged. I think that we're going to see particularly -- spec office buildings, speculative of office buildings declining, coming up. Architectural Billing Index seems to support that new construction is going to be declining slightly. We've had 4 months in a row that Architectural Billing Index has been below tthey benchmark of 50. So that puts more emphasis on us capitalizing on some of tthey markets that we're very strong in. And one of tthey things that I've noticed looking at tthey sales channel partners' pipeline and talking to ttheym, is that ttheyre are more and more opportunities that are owner-operated-type facilities, which bodes very well for us.as opposed to speculative facilities or developer type facilities wtheyre ttheyy own ttheym for a short period of time. So I guess tthey next part of our market segments that we've talked about in tthey past is lodging. We have multiple national accounts that we work with on that. And new starts on lodging, I think, are going to be very challenged. We've seen a couple of projects delayed. Haven't seen anything canceled, but I think that new starts are going to be challenging. But that gives us an opportunity to go through and theylp ttheyse people with ttheyir efforts to modernize, update and refresh some existing facilities. And we fit that very well. So with that, I'll conclude tthey market talk. Our backlog was $119.6 million at June 30. And and that was versus $166 million a year ago. Now to some that may look unfavorable. To me, it actually looks favorable because at $166 million our lead time was extraordinary and lengthy, and ttheir was restricting us from some really good opportunities. We had to turn down a lot of opportunities because we just weren't able to produce. We worked very hard. And for about a year now -- maybe in a little excess of a year, we've been adding Salvagnini capacity, additional capacity and streamlining our operations. And so now we're able to produce at a higtheyr level. And that in itself brought tthey backlog down. And so at ttheir point in time, our balance between backlog, bookings and shipments is relatively in order. Ttheyre were a handful of jobs that were delayed somewhat. It actually coincided well with tthey fact that we had some K-12 replacement business that we had units due in June and July primarily. And at tthey same time, we were having tthey absenteeism rate. So we were a little bit challenged by that. As it turns out, those projects were all delayed because ttheyy had absentee rates for ttheyir construction workers that had delayed ttheyir progress as well as school opening delays. So we were actually able to satisfy all of those shipment requirements with no delay to tthey actual outcome. We're seeing orders as I said, in July, rebounding very nicely. And I think ttheir is in response somewhat to our lead times. A lot of opportunities are being presented to us and 1 of tthey primary concerns has been, wtheyn can you deliver it? And we've been able to respond favorably to ttheyse. So that being tthey case, I think 2020, we will finish tthey year with modest growth. And I believe we'll begin 2021 with a relatively stable backlog unless something catastrophic occurs in tthey overall economy that we've not yet seen. July results were good, in spite of tthey fact that we had some absenteeism for tthey first few days of July. As of -- I think it was July 12, it was tthey first day that I saw us produce on a daily basis at our higtheyst level. And we've been able to maintain that production level. So in tthey first 10 or 11 days, of course, you had 2 days of holiday in ttheyre, but tthey first 10 or 11 days of tthey month we're underperforming because of absenteeism. But once we hit around tthey 12th of July, we restored that. Tthey balance of tthey year, barring any unexpected absenteeism again or anything catastrophic like that, we think that we're going to perform quite well for tthey rest of tthey year. One of tthey absenteeism issues that has been discussed and ttheyre's been a lot of effort in tthey community, in our business itself, to assist with, how to resolve is ttheyre's schools that have not gone into session on time, not planning 1 session in time. And so you've got people that are having some childcare issues with what'll ttheyy do do with ttheyir kids, while ttheyy're at work. I think ttheyy've become relatively well equipped on ttheir now, it seems. Because ttheyy've been dealing with ttheir since late in tthey spring. And so I don't think we're going to have too much substantial impact from that. Just a little bit of a nagging situation for a handful of people. With that, I'd like to open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman. Brent Thielman Gary, maybe first off, I mean that despite some of tthey disruption seemingly late in tthey quarter, tthey gross margins are holding up pretty well. I guess your -- thanks for tthey -- at least some view on what you think sales can do through tthey remainder of tthey year. And I know that's subject to a lot of things. But how do you feel about sort of maintaining ttheyse margins at ttheyse sort of levels and -- given all tthey variant factors out ttheyre and barring any change in tthey inflationary environment? Gary Fields Well, we had June -- we look at each month stand-alone as ttheyy occur. And June was surprisingly good. Ttheir absenteeism at that PTO time for those people is accrued. And so it doesn't affect us in a negative way. Tthey thing that you don't get is you don't get tthey dilution of tthey fixed cost wtheyn you don't have tthey revenue. So I think that I'm very proud of what our team did in managing cost and managing tthey people for tthey best outcome. June, as a stand-alone month, was relatively representative on a gross margin basis for tthey whole quarter, as I recall. Yes. I'm getting a nod of approval from my accounting and -- folks theyre. So June was relatively on par with that. We've not -- since we just closed out July, we've not seen those numbers. But revenue in July looked fairly similar to June. Yes. So having tthey same sort of controls in place on tthey efficiency and just tthey scrutiny to every little detail in tthey business, I would expect that July performed somewhat on par with June, maybe slightly less, but somewhat on par. August is starting off with really, really good production and good attendance. And so I think that August -- and we've got good backlog to run through September at ttheir rate and good prospects on tthey horizon. So I think that tthey stability in gross margin performance is very probable. Brent Thielman Okay. And Gary, just to clarify, I mean, I think typically, third quarter is 1 of your stronger quarters. Do you expect a step-up in revenue from tthey second quarter? Gary Fields I don't. And it's because those first roughly 10 days of July -- 10, 11 days that we were below production numbers, because of attendance, if that had not occurred, ttheyn, yes, I would say so. If we were in tthey range -- and I've not seen tthey forecast yet, we're just -- Normally, about mid-quarter, my production team would give me a pretty good forecast of what revenue is going to look like Because ttheyy've got ttheyir production sctheydule fairly solidified, and ttheyy've got ttheyir rhythm for it. So we're about a week early for being able to determine that. But I would expect Q3 probably to be in tthey same range as Q2. It won't be tthey normal bump up that you've seen theirtorically. And again, that was largely affected by tthey absenteeism on ttheyse first 10 or 11 days of July. Do you agree -- both of you agree with that? Scott Asbjornson I would tend to say so. I think effectively, tthey impact we had from coronavirus was split half between tthey end of June and tthey beginning of July. Gary Fields Yes. Scott Asbjornson And so you're going to probably see somewhat of a mirror image. Gary Fields Yes. That's tthey way I saw it as well. Thank you, Scott. Brent Thielman Okay. And just to clarify, given tthey lead times have shortened, I've seen -- all tthey all tthey work in your backlog reflects most current pricing and that's out ttheyre, you don't have much going through from prior price increases. Yes, yes. Gary Fields I had no price increase. No, no. We had, as I recall, it was relatively across tthey board price increase in June of '19. That's fully enabled in tthey production, I would say, even Q2 was fully enabled. Ttheyre was a small price increase, selected price increase in December. Again, I think some part of Q2 captured that. And I would say that Q3 is entirely on that. But that was very inconsequential to tthey overall gain. Because it was on select equipment, even though it was 4% or 5%, it was on probably -- let's see, it was on Longview equipment in line 5? Jordan Thompson Correct. Gary Fields Yes. So it was affected on somewtheyre around 20% of our revenue. That we -- we got about half of Q2 with that price level on tthey plant floor. Brent Thielman Got it. Last one, ttheyn I'll get back in queue. Tthey indoor air quality upgrades, is that considered a part sale or is that a full-on replacement of a unit? Gary Fields Full on replacement of tthey unit for most of ttheyse facilities. Wtheyn you go get -- let's see you go to an elementary school that was built even 15 years ago. And let's say ttheyy did not purchase AAON equipment. So tthey equipment that ttheyy purchased, tthey fan that supplies tthey air to tthey space and recirculates it, doesn't have tthey capability of overcoming ttheyse additional filtration levels that we're talking about. Tthey ottheyr thing is, is those units that a lot of our competitors sold on those projects don't have tthey space in ttheym for ttheyse virus-killing devices. And so our units accommodate both and that strategy in our units has been available for many years. So we didn't have to do any new design, redesign or anything like that. We have a project that we are supplying to tthey Carrollton-Farmers Branch, Texas School District. I think ttheyre's nearly 600 units. And ttheyy are adding tthey virus-killing device and ttheyn we added tthey higtheyr filtration. And so that's just 1 example of a school district that recognize ttheir. And that was all planned before coronavirus. And ttheyy came in and added ttheir virus-killing device once ttheyy saw tthey effect of it with coronavirus. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. Joseph Mondillo I wanted to start with following up on Brent's last question. And just to expand on that, what kind of units are you referring to? Or is it water-source theyat pumps or rooftops? And ttheyn in addition to that, is ttheyre ottheyr types of units that maybe you don't manufacture, ottheyr types of systems that could be a substitute at all? And ttheyn lastly, as far as tthey uniqueness that you mentioned regarding tthey static pressure, could you expand on that? And how many producers out ttheyre can provide what you're referring to ttheyre? Gary Fields Okay. So let's divide ttheir up a little bit. So in indoor units, virtually every competitor we have, has ttheir capability because indoor units don't tend to be so commoditized, ttheyy're not an in-stock-on-tthey-ttheyylf kind of a unit. Ttheyy're built to order. So virtually everyone who's building indoor air handling units has tthey capability of providing a fan system that is capable of overcoming ttheir. Indoor air handling units typically go with chiller water systems. For tthey products that we produce in Longview, Texas, we have a high percentage of buyers that are, what's called a, split system. Ttheyy also include a condensing unit, and ttheyy have refrigerant run through ttheyir coils rattheyr than chilled water. So wtheyn you're talking about those indoor split systems, you start narrowing ttheir down a little bit. Because a lot of our competitors don't have a real effective offering of ttheir style of split system with ttheyse kind of capabilities. So for many years, our successes of tthey split systems we produce in Longview were due to tthey attributes ttheyy had with some application strategies. In ottheyr words, a lot of projects with chilled water, which are typically your larger central projects -- central plant projects, we were able to duplicate that kind of performance with a split system and scale that down. So some projects need an indoor air unit because ttheyy don't have roof structure or roof square footage available for a rooftop unit. So that buys well for Longview. Now wtheyn we're talking about packaged rooftop units, wtheyn we're talking about units that are 25 tons and smaller, ttheyn virtually all of our competitors, with a small exception, and that would be Daiken, ttheyir fan systems will not accommodate ttheir additional static pressure for ttheyse higtheyr filtration requirements. So we have essentially 1 competitor that can match us on fan performance on ttheyse 25 ton and smaller units, and that would be Daikin. And wtheyn we look at it from a competitive standpoint, that's quite nice to compete against ttheym. Wtheyn we go above 25 tons, ttheyn it starts sprinkling in a few manufacturers theyre and ttheyre, between 25 and 50 tons, we'll say, that can do ttheyse sorts of things. Now once we get above 50 tons, ttheyn it becomes even more of those manufacturers are capable of doing that. So our most substantial opportunity is in tthey 2- through 25-ton sized equipment that our strategy and our value proposition are extraordinary. Water-source theyat pumps. We do have a fan capability to step up tthey filtration capabilities in those. That was 1 of our innate designs. Because we recognizes ttheir ability, even before coronavirus, that ttheyre were many applications that would desire a higtheyr level of filtration. So as far as water-source theyat pump manufacturers going theyad-to-theyad, we do have unique capabilities once again in that facet. Joseph Mondillo Okay. And have you -- I don't know which one would be maybe tthey most ideal fitted for sort of COVID air quality. If ttheyre is one, have you seen any -- I guess, just broadly, have you seen any indication that you've started to see increased demand? Or is it still too early? Gary Fields To tthey increased filtration or tthey virus-killing-devices going in tthey units? Joseph Mondillo I guess, just anything related to putting in COVID-related systems because of air quality and filtration Gary Fields I think we're on tthey early part of that, Joe. And let me tell you, ASHRAE is our industry resource for research and development. And it's done on a -- all of our peers participate on ttheyse committees and on ttheyse research opportunities. And so ttheir is a collaboration between tthey entire industry. And ASHRAE publittheyyd a paper recently describing what ttheyy thought were best practices for how to handle ttheir airborne virus, ttheir aerosol virus. And that was increased filtration levels. It's called a MERV level, M-E-RV, increased MERV level filtration as well as coupling that with 1 of tthey 3 strategies for virus killing. So UV lights are an obvious choice for killing a virus. But tthey problem is, is that to have tthey intensity required to kill tthey virus at any speed as it goes through tthey unit and its normal speed, tthey intensity has to be much higtheyr than what we were accustomed to having in tthey past. Most of tthey UV devices that tthey industry has been installing in ttheyir units was to kill any surface-borne viruses and bacterias that might accumulate on tthey cooling coil. So ttheir strategy of increasing tthey intensity of UV is rattheyr new, and it's something that ASHRAE put in 1 of tthey recommendations. Ttheyre's also some ionization-type virus killing devices that are getting some attention as well as a plasma device that will kill ttheir virus. So ttheyre's really 3 technologies out ttheyre that are working ttheyir way through to see which 1 is tthey most viable, which 1 is tthey best value. But if you couple all of ttheyse with ttheir higtheyr level of filtration because wtheyn ttheyy kill that virus, you want to capture those particles in a throwaway filter. Joseph Mondillo I see. Very interesting. How about as far as your COVID-related end market trouble spots being retail, office, hotels, ttheyy make up 40% to 50% of your revenue. Construction is overall 50% or so of your revenue. How do you view maybe tthey positive aspects of COVID-related demand to some of tthey adverse effects to tthey pandemic in terms of those end markets? Gary Fields Well, I think what you've described is relatively accurate that some of ttheyse markets are declining. As far as new construction, ttheyy're definitely in jeopardy of declining because Architectural Billing Index has been a great indicator, and it's 4 months in a row that it's been below tthey benchmark of 50. That says things are going in a positive direction. So ttheyre will be more emphasis on replacement business. It's something that -- wtheyn I came theyre nearly 4 years ago now, that I recognized was a significant market opportunity for us. And we've been putting strategies in place to increase that. And I think we're making good traction with that. Our sales channel. As a whole, as we improved it, some of tthey characteristics of tthey improved partners that we selected were due to that aspect of ttheyir business that ttheyy had a focus on ttheir aftermarket replacement solutions-type business. So I think that a lot of tthey improvements we made in tthey sales channel are going to have a beneficial impact to us shifting from 50-50, 50% new construction, 50% replacement. I would look for over tthey next 18 months for our ratio to change somewhat and our new construction to be a smaller percentage and our replacement business to be a larger percentage. Wtheyn it comes to water-source theyat pumps, particularly, that is an absolute strategy that must be utilized because tthey new construction, some of tthey biggest markets for water-source theyat pumps were hotels and high-rise condominiums, both of which I think are going to be substantially curtailed. But on tthey ottheyr hand, if ttheyy're not building new hotels and not building new condominiums, ttheyy've got units that have got age on, that are failing, that have got to be replaced. So we have had a full-time effort on increasing that business for about 18 months in tthey water-source theyat pumps. And we've seen some configurations and equipment strategies that would make it even more -- make our product offering even more attractive. And we're deep into tthey design of ttheyse additional characteristics and features that are going to enhance that. We're looking for somewtheyre in Q1 to have a complete generation of equipment -- water-source theyat pump equipment introduced that will be specifically to address ttheir replacement market be backwardly compatible. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing to offset some of ttheyse industries and segments that are going downwardly trending, ttheyre's some upwardly trending opportunities as well. Some of which I've talked about before in more vague terms that I can talk more specific now. Large-scale conditioned warehouses. Ttheyre are companies that have online ordering -- online processing of ordering and home delivery that are building additional facilities across North America. We've been successful in securing -- 1 particular business of that was building 6 new facilities across North America. And at ttheir point in time, we've secured tthey order for 4 of those facilities. Each 1 of ttheym is not -- as an individual that's not material to our business, but ttheyy're all incremental, and ttheyy're all beneficial. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing is, we've seen some on shoring or reestablishing of manufacturing theyre in North America. We have secured some of that work already, and we have some in our pipeline being developed. One of those projects is extraordinary. It's in tthey early stages of it, but it's 1 that we expect to be awarded within ttheir month. And so hopefully, wtheyn we're having ttheir call next quarter, we'll be able to tell more about that. But at ttheir point in time, it's a little early. But ttheyre's a lot of opportunities out ttheyre to offset tthey downside. Now overall, tthey growth is going to be challenging. But I think that wtheyn you looked at some of our peers and tthey reporting that ttheyy've had, up to ttheir point, ttheyy're reporting 20% to 25% down for tthey quarter. Ttheyy're reporting 20% to 25% down for ttheyir outlook for tthey year. So being -- our quarter was up by how many percent, Scott? Scott Asbjornson 5% for tthey quarter. Gary Fields 5% for tthey quarter and that was somewhat constrained by tthey absenteeism. We would have been up a decent amount more than that if we would have not had to add absenteeism. So we're going in tthey opposite direction of a lot of our competitors and peers. We are gaining market share. Our value proposition is more appreciated now than ever. And I've always said, and ttheir is something that Norm has validated for me is in ttheyse times of downturn, that's wtheyn we actually flourish. Because people have time to consider tthey value proposition, and we win that very often. Joseph Mondillo Okay. I just wanted to also just follow-up on sort of tthey backlog and tthey effect to what that has. And you gave sort of an indication of what you're thinking for tthey third quarter. I'm just trying to think sort of furttheyr out than tthey third quarter. Did ttheir sort of mishap or maybe not mishap that, but tthey issues with your absentees. Did that affect -- wtheyre your backlog is today, which is relatively pretty high, if you look back 2 years ago. It's about 20%, 25% higtheyr than wtheyre it was 2 years ago, even though it's down year-over-year from theyre. To that extent, how much did ttheir sort of effect going into tthey fourth quarter? Do you think, say, you get sort of maybe flat to modest growth in orders in tthey third quarter? Do you see a recovery starting in tthey fourth quarter in that sort of scenario? Gary Fields I think that's reasonable to assess it that way. Wtheyn we look at tthey commentary we're having with our sales channel partners, tthey general tenor is that things are improving as things began to open back up. Things are beginning to move. A good many of ttheym believe that ttheyre's adequate opportunities out ttheyre to kind of maintain our position. But ttheyn we keep getting presented with ttheyse unique opportunities. Ttheir large manufacturing opportunity that's being presented to us right now is very lead time sensitive. And because of our increased capacity, we are absolutely able to meet ttheyir sctheyduled requirements. And wtheyn tthey discussion with some of tthey ottheyr contenders for tthey project, ttheyy're all challenged by that. Ttheyy're not willing to commit to ttheir very aggressive sctheydule. So wtheyn I go back to tthey planning we did a couple of years ago, realizing that we didn't have as much production capacity as we need it, and we started getting things rearranged, clean up in tthey plant, reutilizing some space, better utilizing it, getting more Salvagnini machines in theyre. We have -- wtheyn we built our new laboratory, for instance, we had an existing laboratory theyre in Tulsa. We have two manufacturing buildings theyre. Tthey West building is our biggest footprint building, tthey East building was our original manufacturing building, and we build our smaller tonnage units ttheyre. And -- but we also had our original laboratory in ttheyre. But once we got tthey new laboratory up and going, we demoed that space. And working with our manufacturing engineering group theyre in tthey office, we devised a whole new manufacturing line for 1 of our most popular products. One of our products that caused us to go out to an exorbitant lead time last year, 35, 40 weeks lead time. Well, we've been able to arrest that to around 16 weeks right now. But wtheyn we get ttheir new manufacturing line up and going, we will be able to produce ttheyse large tonnage units, tthey ones that are more standard configuration at 150% greater rate than we do right now. And wtheyn we look at that, that means we'll be able to offer those units in a 6 to 8-week time frame on a regular basis. So that opportunity with that new manufacturing line, which will come on board, ttheyy're telling me sometime in December. So I'm kind of counting on it to start Q1 and have that capacity available. Well, ttheyre's opportunities out ttheyre for those style units. Ttheyse are tthey larger units ttheyy run. I think ttheyy run 55 tons to 140 tons. Is that right, or 55 on tthey small -- yes, 55 to 140. So ttheyse fit, ttheyse larger conditioned warehouses and some data center-type battery cooling areas and things like that, ttheyy fit it very well. And so we're increasing our manufacturing capacity right ttheyre. And with that reduced lead time on that, so many of ttheyse projects are very, very sensitive to lead time. Wtheyn ttheyse people start planning ttheyse data centers, wtheyn ttheyy pull tthey trigger, ttheyy want to be done yesterday. And so we're going to be able to respond to that even better than we are today. Scott Asbjornson One thing just to make sure that we're all understanding is our backlog is expected to potentially still decline in tthey sense that it's supposed to represent roughly about 2 months' worth of our production. And that theirtorically has been -- we have found to be kind of an ideal range overall for us. And that may be wtheyre we end up by tthey end of tthey year. Gary Fields Yes. So if we can end up tthey year with tthey -- across tthey board lead time being that 8 weeks with some opportunity for some 5 and 6 week lead time on certain product groups, ttheyn that's going to put us in a very, very strong position going into 2021. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. Joseph Mondillo If you don't mind, I just have a couple of follow-ups. Gary Fields Sure, sure. Go atheyad, Joe. Joseph Mondillo So just as far as capacity right now, what size backlog -- just so we sort of have an idea, what size backlog could you increase to wtheyre your lead times don't get extended or it doesn't cap your revenue. I'm just wondering how much revenue can ttheir business sort of handle at ttheir point? Gary Fields Well, it's a moving target because we continue to add manufacturing capacity. Tthey new building in Longview, for instance, we went from 234,000 square foot original facility down ttheyre, we're building 220,000 square feet. Ttheyy're going to turn that building over to me in late November. We'll have that capacity coming online Q1. And so we'll have more capacity for Longview. Right now, if I segment Longview's backlog out ttheyre, ttheyy're at about 12 weeks right now, I think? Scott Asbjornson 12 weeks, ttheyy are. Gary Fields Yes. And that's a more backlog -- a more lead time-sensitive product group than what we produce theyre in Tulsa. Ideal down ttheyse 5 to 6 weeks. Well, rattheyr than curtail tthey orders, I want to increase tthey manufacturing capacity. So that will come on January 1. And so tthey ideal backlog today for Longview would be substantially less than what it is. Tthey ideal backlog for Longview starting January 1, is going to be about wtheyre it is right now, okay? So that's that moving target. Now Longview has traditionally been, what, 10%, 12% of our revenues, is that about right? Scott Asbjornson Roughly. Gary Fields Yes, roughly, 10% to 12%. So if tthey Tulsa products were to become stagnant, which ttheyy won't, but if ttheyy were, ttheyn Longview's -- we're expecting good growth opportunity out of Longview in 2021. We've got multiple programs that we're working on with software development to expedite tthey processing and billing materials generation so we can shorten lead times to utilize that manufacturing capacity. Ttheyn theyre in Tulsa, we still don't have all of our Salvagnini machines installed that we ordered for accretive capacity. We've got 1 machine right now that looks to be probably 2 weeks away from coming online. So that will be some incremental capacity growth. So to answer your question, today -- with tthey capacity I have today, tthey ideal backlog looks somewtheyre between $90 million and $100 million. But I have increasing capacity coming on incrementally over tthey next few months. So that's going to be a moving target. Scott Asbjornson One of tthey things we're also working on is trying to make sure that we have capacity to deal with short lead time requests in a growing effort as we move forward. Gary Fields Yes, we've got to have theyadroom between demand and production capacity. If we don't have that theyadroom, ttheyn you begin to discourage ttheyse people because ttheyy call and say, "Hey, I need ttheir unit in ttheir lead time." And if you have to say no, ttheyy look for eittheyr an alternative solution or ttheyy just give up altogettheyr. And so having additional manufacturing capacity to have that theyadroom for that peaking. So over tthey last 2 or 3 years, you've not seen tthey bell curve that had existed through most of tthey life of tthey company. I believe in 2021, that we're more likely to see that bell curve begin to reestablish itself. And by 2022, I think it will be firmly in place. That being that Q2, Q3 have higtheyr revenue numbers than Q1, Q4. Joseph Mondillo Got it. How about raw materials? About 12 to 18 months ago, your -- tthey spread between input prices and output prices sort of squeezed your margins. And I believe that sort of started to reverse in tthey ottheyr direction. But now we're seeing copper is pretty high theirtorically and some ottheyr raw materials have been rising. So wtheyre are we on price-cost situation. Gary Fields I have a ttheyyet that ttheyy give me from our purchasing group that has about 70% of all of our purchase materials. Rattheyr, those are fixed -- I mean, no, finittheyyd goods, like compressors and motors or rattheyr ttheyy're raw materials like copper or aluminum, steel and stainless steel. Overall, that's quite stable right now. We've had some things go down, some things go up. As a trend, it was down just a little bit year-to-date. And we were able to lock in some pricing protection on certain aspects of that for -- do you remember how long we were able to lock in that steel? Jordan Thompson A little bit of 12 to 18 months, I guess. Gary Fields Yes. So in tthey 12 to 18-month range on some of ttheyse materials, we've been able to lock in a buy price. So if those things begin to go up, and I've got ttheir locked in price, ttheyn I kind of like my chances with that. I think we've done quite well. So just to summarize that, Joe, I think right now, what I'm seeing and what I've been given for tthey next 6 month outlook on material pricing is it's no impact, positive or negative. It's neutral. Joseph Mondillo Okay, good. And ttheyn as far as tthey SG&A, I think I may have missed it, but was that inflated? I thought I theyard -- maybe Scott said ttheyre was a donation in tthey SG&A. Gary Fields Yes. You did miss that, Joe. You did miss that. So on May 12, wtheyn tthey Board of Directors so graciously appointed me tthey CEO, that is tthey same-day that Norm was appointed Executive Chairman. And so that's a next step for both of us. And in honor of that, tthey Board voted for and granted a onetime contribution to tthey Winifred, Montana independent school district, which is wtheyre Norm was born and raised. And I'm proud to say that Norm, Scott, myself and Doug Wichman went ttheyre and presented that ctheyck in person to ttheym for $1.25 million. So that was an SG&A expense in Q2. And if you look at that... What's it, Scott? Scott Asbjornson It was roughly $0.025 a share on a pretax basis and a little bit under $0.02 a share on an after-tax basis. Gary Fields Yes. So even with our absenteeism, if you'll make an allowance for that contribution, we were pretty darn close to earnings expectations. And our SG&A would have been pretty much in line with what you had previously thought. Joseph Mondillo Yes. Yes, correct. Even with taking that out though, it's -- tthey SG&A is still up 14%. But I guess, property... Yes. Gary Fields Profit sharing, don't forget my employees. We allocate 10% of our pretax earnings to profit sharing. We issued a ctheyck, tthey ctheyck goes out Monday, give me that exact amount, $1,256? Scott Asbjornson I don't know tthey exact number off tthey top of my theyad. But I'll get for you, Gary and Joe. Gary Fields Get it real quick. So it was $1,686, tthey first quarter, and I believe tthey number was $1,256. Ttheir is per employee. All employees with tthey exception of... Scott Asbjornson $1,276.19 per eligible employees. Gary Fields I was short just by $20. Scott Asbjornson Roughly equivalent to about $2.45 per regular hour worked. Gary Fields Yes. So that profit sharing is an SG&A expense, and it's our biggest variable. Tthey 2 biggest variables in our SG&A expenses typically are warranty and profit sharing. And so warranty is down and profit sharing is up. And that's tthey way we want it to be. Scott Asbjornson Same period last year, that amount was $1,091. Gary Fields Okay, so that's a 25% increase. Scott Asbjornson Almost. Gary Fields Almost? Scott Asbjornson Yes. Gary Fields 27% increase over last year. So at ttheir point in time ttheir year, on a dollars per hour basis, give me that calculation. Scott Asbjornson It was $2.45 per regular hour worked. Gary Fields That was for tthey quarter? Scott Asbjornson For tthey quarter. Gary Fields Year-to-date were $2.80 Scott Asbjornson $2.80. I don't remember tthey exact amount. Gary Fields Yes. Yes. So for year-to-date, our employees have gotten $2.8 an hour year-to-date in profit sharing bonus. Scott Asbjornson It's tthey only part of SG&A we like to see going up. Gary Fields All right. With no furttheyr questions, I want to thank all of you for participating and listening today. We'll talk to you in November for our third quarter results. Have a nice day. Operator That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Have a great evening, and stay safe everyone.