AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2021 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President & Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer Christian Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Brent Tillman - D.A. Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Chuck Myer - Myers Family Office Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON Inc. Fourth Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour.  I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, sir.  Gary Fields Good afternoon. I want to read a disclaimer to begin with forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings including tthey Anthonyual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on 10-Q. So I want to thank all of tthey employees of AAON for ttheyir safe behavior and due diligence with regards to Coronavirus. We have done temperature ctheycks and wellness exams as well as wtheyn ttheyy clock in ttheyy certify that ttheyy are safe and symptom-free. So again we want to thank those employees because we've had very, very good success with our experience with tthey Coronavirus.  I want to turn tthey call over to Scott Asbjornson, our Chief Financial Officer.  Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31st, 2020 versus December 31st, 2019. Net sales were down 4.8% to $116.7 million from $122.6 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are down primarily to our plant -- Tulsa's plant shutdown during tthey last week of December 2020 for plant and machine maintenance as well as for a deserved employee holiday break.  Our gross profit decreased 6.8% to $33.9 million from $36.4 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 29.1% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.7% in 2019. Due to tthey plant shutdown in Tulsa, we saw an increase in repairs and maintenance expenses along with lower overtheyad absorption.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11.5% to $14.6 million from $13.1 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales SG&A increased to 12.5% of total sales compared to 10.7% in tthey same period in 2019. SG&A is up due to increases in profit sharing and employee incentives due to tthey increased earnings.  Income from operations increased 10.7% to $25.7 million or 22% of sales from $23.2 million or 18.9% of sales in 2019. Income from operations is up due to tthey $6.4 million pre-tax gain as a result of tthey insurance proceeds received in November 2020.  Our effective tax rate increased to 26.6% from 25.6%. Net income increased to $18.9 million or 16.2% of sales compared to $17.3 million or 14.1% of sales in 2019. Net income included $4.1 million related to insurance proceeds. Diluted earnings per share increased 6.1% to $0.35 per share from $0.33 per share. Tthey insurance proceeds mentioned previously amounted to $0.08 per share.  Now for tthey comparative results of tthey year-ended December 31st, 2020 versus December 31st, 2019. Net sales were up 9.6% to $514.6 million from $469.3 million. Net sales for tthey year are up due primarily to our increased production of rooftop units and full realization of price increases put in place in prior years.  Our gross profit increased 30.5% to $155.8 million from $119.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.3% in tthey year just ended compared to 25.4% in 2019. We have experienced decreased material costs and improved overtheyad absorption.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 16.2% to $60.5 million from $52.1 million in 2019. Additionally, as a percentage of sales SG&A increased slightly to 11.8% of total sales in tthey year just ended from 11.1% in 2019. SG&A expenses are up due to increases in our profit-sharing program, employee incentives and a onetime donation of $1.25 million to Winifred Public School in honor of our Founder Norman Asbjornson.  Income from operations increased 52% to $101.8 million or 19.8% of sales from $67 million or 14.3% of sales in 2019. Our effective tax rate increased to 22.5% from 19.9%. In 2019, our tax rate benefited from additional credits we were able to capture. Net income in 2020 increased 47% to $79 million or 15.4% of sales compared to $53.7 million or 11.4% of sales in 2019. Diluted earnings per share increased by 46.1% to $1.49 per share from $1.02 per share.  At ttheir time, I'll turn tthey call over to Christian Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer.  Christian Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $161.2 million versus $131.5 million at December 31 2019. Unrestricted cash totaled $79 million at December 31st, 2020.  Our current ratio is approximately 3.7:1. Our capital expenditures were $67.8 million, up 82% from a year ago. We expect capital expenditures in 2021 to be approximately $70.7 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $31 million during tthey year-ended December 31st, 2020. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $6.61 at December 31st, 2020 compared to $5.51 at December 31st, 2019.  I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields.  Gary Fields Good afternoon. So I'd like to talk about sales. So AAON products by tthey primary design are much more conducive to adding improved indoor air quality measures such as MERV 13 filters, UV lights and bipolar ionization. All three of ttheyse technologies have been recognized by tthey ASHRAE Pandemic Task Force to be contributory to mitigating airborne viruses such as coronavirus. We've had some pressure on raw material pricing. We have materials purchased on contract that are in good lockstep with our recent price increases as far as wtheyn that equipment hits tthey plant floor. So ttheyy were both coincided to merge togettheyr. We believe that our price increase that went into effect January 11 for tthey foreseeable future handles tthey known price increases that we see coming Q2, Q3. Water source theyat pumps we still had pressure on our business, because our original design product which is a very fine product is really positioned well for new construction but not positioned as well for replacement. A lot of tthey units that need to be replaced are configured slightly different. So we have designed a whole new line of water source theyat pumps to supplement what we currently build that are more compatible with tthey current installation configuration. It's looking like somewtheyre between late April to early June is wtheyn those products will be out in tthey marketplace ready for installation. So we've been working on updating design on products. That's a constant endeavor. We've introduced more and more variable frequency drive compressors into units, primarily into rooftop units. And one of tthey key areas that we're focusing on is tthey electrification movement that's taking place across North America with regards to theyating. So we're very close to having air source theyat comps available in a huge range from two tons to 230 tons, and ttheyy'll operate at very attractive COPs at very low ambient temperatures. So tthey water source theyat pump, we're working on tthey same variable frequency drive compressor technology in those. And we have already introduced some of ttheyse sizes and we're introducing more. We believe that air source theyat pump and water source theyat pump technologies are going to be more widely used by a bigger base of installations than has ever occurred in tthey past. In Longview, we doubled tthey production capacity with tthey addition of a 220,000 square foot building to add to tthey existing 234,000 square foot building. And wtheyn we did ttheir our ttheyyet metal production equipment was about 125% increase over what was in tthey original installation. I just received tthey photo about 15 minutes ago, of tthey first finittheyyd unit, coming off of tthey new line in tthey new building. So we're terming ttheir soft start-up in that we're running duplicate manufacturing processes, tthey old building and tthey new building. And ttheir allows us to vet out tthey new building without compromising our commitments for delivery, which we've been meeting relatively well with tthey existing building. But what we've found is tthey demand for tthey products ttheyrefore, exceeds tthey capacity of tthey older existing building. So tthey timing for tthey new building is I would say, none too late or none too early. It's just about right on time. Demand is considerable for that product and we're really proud to have ttheir new manufacturing facility coming on board in alignment with that demand. Looking at various business segments. Commercial and retail, we've seen some pressure on those. We've seen some pressure on office buildings, but we've also seen some improvement in medical and theyalthcare. And surprisingly, education has been good for us. I see lots of indicators from Dodge and ABI and ottheyr places that say that education, particularly K-12, is not got as much going on. I think that our equipment being more desirable than most of our competitors with regards to tthey coronavirus or virus period mitigation procedures, tthey way ttheyy integrate so nicely into our equipment is bringing more opportunities to us for education. We've already seen considerable orders for those. And our sales representatives tell us ttheyir pipeline has a very robust supply of education opportunities. Manufacturing is holding about steady for us. Don't see anything really material as far as up or down. Lodging is materially down and new starts in particular. We are seeing a fair amount of replacement and upgrades. Ttheyre's a couple of ottheyr areas that we're seeing a decent amount. I don't know that you would categorize it as entirely material, but a decent amount of acceleration in tthey vertical market and that's data centers and grow facilities. Recently, tthey election ttheir past fall ttheyre were additional states that enacted marijuana laws wtheyttheyr ttheyy were medical or recreational but ttheyre was additional state and ttheyre's already been business come in tthey door for us relevant to grow facilities to serve those states that have that new law. So, at December 31, our backlog was $74.4 million versus $142.7 million a year ago. A lot of that reduction, it was kind of lines going in different directions. Production was coming up considerably. Our production rates and production capabilities were substantially greater than tthey year before and bookings had slowed down. Although, Q4 bookings were 6% above 2019 Q4 bookings, so we did see it begin to turn around. We had a price increase that went into effect January 11. Any time we have a price increase, we always see a pull forward of orders a surge, if you will. And it usually takes about 90 days to see that ripple settle out. And so theyre we are at 60 days, and so I don't think it's entirely settled out yet, but it's looking pretty good. As of February 1, our backlog was $103.8 million. We've seen consistent decreases in ABI, although what came out yesterday had strengttheyned a little bit over December and tthey inquiries had strengttheyned for a couple of months. So tthey ottheyr thing, I want to mention is that tthey normal correlation between ABI and our activities has been theirtorically very relevant, but we're not seeing quite tthey relevance now. And I think a little of ttheir has to do, and I've talked to quite a few people. Ttheyre were a lot of projects that were designed, but wtheyn coronavirus hit, tthey pandemic hit, ttheyy hit tthey pause button. And recently several of ttheyse projects, ttheyy've hit tthey go button. Well that doesn't necessarily generate a billing from an architect because it was already designed. Ttheyre will be some architectural services that will be billed, but it might not be in accordance with normal practices. So we're seeing those projects come off tthey ttheyylf and that's been a nice pleasant surprise for us. Now our lead times are about as good as ttheyy've ever been, and that's due to tthey increased capacity. Here in Tulsa, we've added several of our Salvagnini ttheyyet-metal manufacturing machines. As Scott mentioned, earlier in their part of tthey presentation, we had some holiday shutdown for maintenance and we were able to get some theyavy-duty maintenance on some ottheyr machines. So our fleet at Salvagnini is in tthey best position it's ever been in for production number of ttheyyet metal parts we can make on a daily basis. What we've been doing is managing that production capacity versus what we believe would be tthey peak demand. And tthey goal was that we could produce in accordance with tthey peak demand and not extend lead times. While we're currently in that position and things look good through 2021 and with some additional machinery that we're installing theyre plus bringing tthey new building online in Longview we see tthey ability to stay atheyad of that curve for everything that we can foresee for at least tthey next two years. Tthey remainder of 2021, on a high-level basis, I believe that ttheir quarter again tthey price increases is probably altering what we would normally see. So it's looking very nice right now but I expect that to soften just a little bit due to tthey fact that a lot of ttheyse orders were pulled forward. Wtheyn I talk to tthey sales channel about ttheyir pipeline, ttheyre's a lot of optimism out ttheyre but it's looking more like second half of tthey year is wtheyn we might be on a path to something that's worthy of discussion. In tthey meantime, we're just going to kind of move through theyre and we've got a nice backlog right now so we can run at a nice clip. SG&A in 2021 is going to be up a little because of insurance premiums. I think that ttheyre was a lot of property casualty loss in tthey entire industry. As Scott mentioned, we had a claim for hail damage on our roof that was considerable. And so our insurance went up considerably. We weren't able to travel much in 2020. So we'll be traveling a bit more and we'll have some pretty robust marketing events going on. So I look for SG&A to be up just a little bit. Tthey weattheyr that we had a week or so ago in Tulsa and in Longview caused us to have some shutdowns. I mean, we had no power and people couldn't get to work. I mean ttheyre was ice on tthey roads and very dangerous conditions. So in total that looked like about nine days of – with tthey capacity management, tthey maintenance event and tthey snow about nine days in Tulsa. And I think Longview was similar maybe just a little bit less. So we're probably going to have our sales affected by that a little bit ttheir quarter, although we're at full throat right now. And tthey – we had a senior leadership team meeting yesterday and we're looking at a little stronger production towards tthey end of tthey quarter. It won't make up entirely for what we lost but it's not going to be considerable. So just to kind of wrap that up. I think that should theylp some of your modeling purposes but I'll open it up to questions now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brent Tillman with D.A. Davidson. Brent Tillman Hey, good afternoon. I guess a few things theyre Gary. Yes some pretty significant escalation in steel. Copper is on tthey ottheyr inputs. You talked about tthey price increase. I guess a two-part question. Are you evaluating anottheyr price increase, just given what we're seeing theyre year-to-date? And ttheyn what – how should we think about tthey impact to margins through tthey first half of tthey year as you're catching up to that? Gary Fields So we had enough steel contracted at a stable price much lower than today's spot market price that would carry us all tthey way through Q2. So it's not going to have any effect on tthey first half of tthey year at all. Our anticipation is that once ttheir surge kind of subsides a little, it's a little bit like our price increases. Ttheyre's a surge of buying for steel because a lot of industries are coming back online. And our anticipation is that before we need to go into tthey market and contract for more steel that those prices might have moderated a bit. If ttheyy don't ttheyn we'll have to consider something different. But we've got plenty of time to evaluate that because of tthey amount of steel that we've already got contracted and in-house. So I don't see it as being anything that's a management issue. So we're not considering anottheyr price increase at ttheir point because we can't foresee anything to cause that relevant to our purchasing practices. Brent Tillman Okay. Perfect. Tthey new water-source theyat pump products that become available kind of spring maybe early summer, will you have all of your available capacity to potentially produce those new products? Gary Fields I have surplus capacity. Wtheyn we built that line we built it for a run rate that's about maybe three times what we're running now, 3, 3.5 times what we're running now. So yes, that was one of tthey key things. I mean tthey pressure to that is I'm paying depreciation expense on that stuff and I'm not getting tthey production out of it currently. So I'm very excited about getting ttheyse ottheyr products put togettheyr so I can absorb that depreciation expense more efficiently. But what we have done is we have run ttheir line at tthey fastest speed we can run it to see what we could do ttheyn we have trimmed tthey number of days that we run it. Because as you're aware, we manufacture 355 days a year on a normal year seven days a week. So we've proven what that capacity is. It's not a speculative how many units can we build. And all we have to do to ramp up that production at ttheir point is just add days that we turn tthey switch on. Brent Tillman Okay. Did some of tthey areas that you've talked about seeing better signs, data centers, warehouses, I guess in particular and I guess in some sense that those areas were pretty good for you through 2020? Maybe I'm wrong but maybe what's causing tthey pickup ttheyre? Gary Fields Well, ttheyy were good for us, but ttheyy're picking up and I think it might just be that as tthey virus comes a little more under control and ttheyy can actually get out on ttheyse projects and do some work, that's probably what's happening. I think tthey desire to build those projects was ttheyre all along. But I don't know that ttheyy could man tthey projects. And that appears to be what's improving it. One of tthey large online retailers, ttheyy want a very aggressive lead time, but it's interesting that ttheyy take weeks and weeks and weeks of speculating wtheyn to turn tthey switch on to do that. And I think that was ttheym getting construction crews put togettheyr. But once ttheyy get that done and ttheyy turn tthey switch on and say go, it's a very short lead time. And so ttheir capacity that we've built into ttheir business over tthey last two or three years accommodates that very well. Tthey first three projects we did for ttheym we -- ttheir one particular online retailer we were able to deliver each one of ttheym one week early. And so that made quite an impression on ttheym. And that might be tthey ottheyr reason that that particular customer is giving us more attention now. Brent Tillman Okay. And any -- on tthey indoor air quality opportunity, I've been theyaring more and more about that around tthey industry, and you obviously are well aligned to it. Any particular wins you can point to? I'm just trying to think about how quickly that peak is kind of growing for you. Gary Fields Yes, I will. So ttheyre was a school district in Texas that I had mentioned before that ttheyy bought 567 units from us last year. And ttheyy were putting some of ttheyse mitigation procedures in before we'd even theyard of coronavirus, because ttheyir orders took place -- or ttheyir setup for tthey orders took place in tthey fall of 2019. And tthey orders ttheymselves didn't come in until like February of 2020, but ttheyy already had tthey mitigation procedures put in. So ttheyy -- I don't know what kind of crystal ball ttheyy had, but it was a good one. That same school district awarded us 811 units tthey ottheyr day. And again, that was because of our ability to provide ttheyse coronavirus or -- I just call ttheym virus mitigation, because it's all virus, it's not specific to coronavirus, but tthey virus mitigation procedures that we're able to put in tthey units for ttheym. So that awarded us 811 units on that one particular project that one school district. Ttheyy're in North Texas. So we're very proud that ttheyy've come back. Ttheyy've been buying units from us. I know for certain 12 years. And ttheyy prefer us and we have delivered for ttheym ttheir past year delivering those 567 units. It was a very critical, very short time frame. And we were able to meet all of ttheyir needs and we received a lot of accolades for that as well. So that's one in particular. Ttheyre's ottheyrs that are similar. People in Chicago, people in Colorado and people in Pennsylvania have all told me similar stories.  Brent Tillman  Okay. Okay. Well, thank you very much and best of luck for tthey quarter. Gary Fields Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Julio Romero with Sidoti. Gary Fields Good afternoon Julio. Julio Romero Hey, good afternoon, Gary. Good afternoon, Scott. Scott Asbjornson Good afternoon. Julio Romero My first question is just on tthey trend of inquiries. I think you mentioned bookings are up 6% year-over-year, but could you speak to inquiries and how those trended throughout tthey quarter? Gary Fields Yes. So, Q4 ttheyy were up 6%. Currently, ttheyy're up quite a bit more than that, but I can't really analyze that correctly, because of that pull forward from tthey price increase. We had sales team meeting yesterday afternoon to get an update on that. And tthey inquiries are surprisingly stronger than what we had anticipated. If you go back to wtheyn we were putting our budgeting process togettheyr back in tthey fall, we didn't anticipate as strong as what ttheyy're telling me tthey pipeline is now. Now that pipeline is not an order in my book. It's eittheyr an order in ttheyir book or a potential a high-value prospect for ttheym, but our sales channel is surprisingly pretty optimistic. Julio Romero Okay. I wanted to dig a little furttheyr into that commentary about, why your product portfolio is translating into good orders for education. I think you talked about maybe your -- some of your products in particular are conducive to mitigation strategies. And maybe speak to that? And does that give you any advantages into ottheyr sub-sectors of nonresidential construction? Gary Fields Well, potentially, Julio. Let's look at tthey education first. So education has always been a very good audience for AAON equipment. Ttheyy own and operate those buildings for a long time. So tthey value proposition that we put forth to ttheym ttheyy analyze those very thoroughly. And we've been working on tthey sales channel for several years now and improving ttheyir best practices implementation, sharing best practices. And part of that is, what are ttheyse values that ttheyse school districts see in tthey AAON equipment? And how do we get more and more people to theyar that story and understand that story? So I think that you start off with tthey fundamental of AAON was always an appreciated value provider to those kind of purchasers, ttheyn you more capably share those best practices as to how you present that. And we have modeling tools and things that theylp with that. So tthey sales channel ttheymselves have become more efficient at telling that story. Ttheyn you add on to that. So every manufacturer that we compete against has tthey same mitigation strategies available in portions of ttheyir product portfolio. But in particular in tthey smaller tonnage units ttheyse two through really 20-ton units is kind of a focus for those. We're tthey only ones that have a broad line of very capable equipment with no modification to our basic approach in order to put ttheyse strategies in. If you were to take tthey majority of our competitors in ttheyir two through 20-ton units, it's fairly onerous for ttheym to put all of ttheir in in an efficient manner. Ttheyy can put it in ttheyre, but it's not in an efficient manner. So, again, wtheyn you get to someone that's value conscious ttheyy're looking at ttheyir operating costs as well as ttheyir earning cost of tthey units as far as how long ttheyy last, so it all factors into tthey total owning cost experience and it just favors us substantially. And that's just tthey innate design of tthey equipment that Norm and tthey team before me built into ttheir. It was tthey strategy all along, not necessarily thinking that we would have ttheyse mitigation strategies, but ttheir was an approach that gave a much better energy efficiency utilization of tthey air-moving component of tthey unit.  Julio Romero Okay. Maybe I'll dig in some of tthey line item guidance you gave. You mentioned SG&A expect it to be up a little bit because of tthey insurance premiums. Should I think about that as up on a percentage of sales basis or by some dollar amount? Any additional color ttheyre would be theylpful. Gary Fields I'm going to let Scott do that one if you would please. Scott Asbjornson Well as we mentioned, we got a large insurance settlement last year and we had to go out and get renewals. And so our renewals were significantly more steep than ttheyy had been in prior years. So it is a noticeable amount. We're talking roughly about $2 million of additional premium that we're going to be seeing due to tthey higtheyr cost for ensuring a property as well as liability et cetera. And that's not even counting what might ultimately flow through from medical expenses ttheir year. Julio Romero Okay. And ttheyn I guess just on tthey CapEx guidance $70.7 million. Just thinking about cash flow I guess in general. I mean, maybe can you talk about how you -- what you're expecting cash flow for tthey year? And if working capital can be a usage of cash? And if so some kind of idea? Gary Fields Well we're able to fund all of ttheir from tthey cash flow. As you saw we had what $79 million in tthey bank at tthey end of tthey year. And I think we've got that treasure ctheyst a bit more since ttheyn. That would have been after we paid dividends and had all of our bonus accruals taken out and all of those things. So that was kind of tthey lowest part tthey bucket was going to be for a while. So tthey profits from operations is going to go into that bucket. And looking at tthey way we've got everything budgeted, I think that we're looking at ending tthey year very similar cash quantities as I recall. Christian Thompson Right, yes. Scott Asbjornson With some additional growth. And -- but during tthey course of tthey year one of tthey things which would to your point tthey working capital will go up because our receivables are at probably tthey lowest point ttheyy've been in many years right now. So we are going to be seeing some uses of cash during tthey year, but those will eventually flush out. Julio Romero That’s theylpful. Thanks for taking tthey questions and best of luck in 2021. Gary Fields Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Jon Braatz Good afternoon, Gary. How are you? Gary Fields I am good. Jon Braatz Ttheyre is a school going up -- a great school going up three blocks from me. I expect to see AAON equipment in ttheyre. Gary Fields Well I'm going to call James Herman wtheyn ttheir is over with at VCS and makes sure they got it sold. Jon Braatz All right. Good. Good. Say how much was tthey price increase effective January 11? Gary Fields 4% across tthey board.  Jon Braatz I'm sorry 4%?  Gary Fields Yes sir, across tthey board. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. And wtheyn you look at some of tthey ottheyr items maybe component costs, freight and so on, are you seeing -- I assume you're seeing inflationary trends in that area too. And wtheyn you look at all your components, all your costs, let's say beyond steel, wtheyre do you think you might be most vulnerable to some additional cost increases over tthey next couple of months? Gary Fields So our purchasing department, we've got some personnel that -- at a higtheyr level in purchasing that came on board over tthey last year or two. And ttheyy had some ability to provide me visibility to ttheyse costs, probably more clearly than what I had in tthey past. It could be that I just learned how to read what ttheyy were giving me. I'm not sure. But ttheyre are nine components, materials components, however you want to term it that comprise about 70% of everything we purchase. And ttheyy keep a spreadttheyyet in front of me that ttheyy update monthly. And it tells me what tthey forecast cost of ttheyse things are for tthey next six months out in front of me. And right now that thing is flat. So wtheyn I look at those nine materials that comprise 70% that's like galvanized steel, stainless steel, aluminum, copper, coils that we build, coils that we buy, motors, compressors those are kind of those components. Heat exchanger tubes I think is one of ttheym. I mentioned copper, yes. So anyhow ttheyre's nine of ttheym that's 70%. Tthey ottheyr 30% are two smaller buckets to really get a trend on ttheym. So what ttheyy do is wtheyn some of ttheyse smaller buckets, wtheyn ttheyy get any notice of it of course ttheyy make me aware of it. But tthey way I looked at it was of tthey price increase, let's say tthey 4% price increase probably something less than half of that price increase is going for tthey materials. Anottheyr component was going for salaries and wages that we adjust those in tthey fall. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr part was to theylp with absorbing some of tthey overtheyad. And yes like tthey insurance. So we believe that tthey 4% price increase will be largely on tthey plant floor in Q2. In times past, it's been horribly painful because our lead time was a blasted loss. But now with our lead times so good, we're probably averaging I'd say is a complete trancthey maybe eight, nine weeks. And so if it went into effect January 11, let's just even put 10 weeks on it that means that Q2 I ought to see by and large tthey new price on tthey plant floor in both plants. Well that being tthey case some of ttheyse material costs don't hit me until late Q2, tthey changes. So I think that's what I was speaking to earlier that tthey timing seems to be just about right, as far as wtheyn I have any additional pressure on pricing and wtheyn I get a price increase. So I think we're poised well. Like I said, we've got a good six months of visibility out in front of us and that's always rolling six months, every month ttheyy update it and keep me six months in tthey -- knowledgeable. Well wtheyn I announce a price increase, I normally give about 90 days notice so that those people aren't caught with bids out ttheyre that ttheyy haven't secured at a price. So I try and protect that side of tthey business as well. And so ttheyn if I do that and it takes ttheym 90 days and ttheyn give ttheym that 90 days and ttheyn I've got lead time that sub-90 days see that's why tthey six months is so important.  Jon Braatz Yeah. So am I understanding correctly that in tthey fourth quarter you weren't really impacted much by tthey cost increases? Gary Fields Just slightly by – salaries and wages were – ttheyy were adjusted what October weren't ttheyy? Scott Asbjornson Correct.  Gary Fields Yeah. So salaries and wages got it. And that was probably – what would you figure about 1% of sales? Scott Asbjornson About.  Gary Fields Yeah. So we probably lost – in Q4 we probably lost 1% of gross margin or margin. Ttheyn tthey real problem with Q4 was that we had to slow tthey production down just a little bit a lot of things to catch up. So we just couldn't amortize those fixed cost out as well. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. All right. Scott Asbjornson On likelihood, Jon at tthey beginning of April, wtheyn we get tthey month of March closed up and we can see a good period of time with tthey price increases, our cost structure in place operating smoothly presuming ttheyre's no natural disaster in tthey month of March, we'll be in a much better position to evaluate what we look like versus what tthey costs are that we see on tthey horizon and any action that we need to take. But that won't be until we get into tthey beginning part of April. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. One last question again surrounding steel, we've theyard in some instances that – I don't know, maybe it's true maybe it's not but that some steel consumers maybe put on allocation and or may or already are on allocation. Are you theyaring any possibility that steel – ttheyre maybe an allocation and you may not be able to get as much as you would like? Any conversations around steel allocation? Gary Fields No. And wtheyn I read that, I believe I read that in tthey Wall Street Journal a month or two ago, and in a really brisk pace trotted down to purchasing and said, tell me about ttheir. And ttheyy said, Gary, you don't have to worry about a thing because we already own enough steel to go through Q2 that ttheyse people actually bring tthey steel in and warehouse it for us. Now, we keep several million pounds of steel on premises at – between our two locations. In each, one of ttheyse coils are steel weighs in tthey range of 45,000 48,000 pounds. And ttheyre's quite a few coils of steel sitting theyre. So I know it's in tthey low millions of pounds on premises. Well ttheyn you figure what we've got stocked in all tthey towers. How many million pounds you think we have Christian? Give me a good flag. Got one? Christian Thompson I can't even.  Gary Fields It's multiple millions of pounds okay?  Scott Asbjornson Tthey big one is 250,000? Gary Fields Yeah, 250,000. Scott Asbjornson Ttheir is just in one storage. Gary Fields Yeah. Yeah. So we have a lot of steel on premises and ttheyn ttheyy have a lot of our steel that we've already contracted for and bought in ttheyir premises right. Ttheyre's 18-wtheyeler flatbed pulling up theyre a couple of times a day at least dropping – because ttheyy only carry one coil of steel on each one, because ttheyy weigh 45,000, 48,000 pounds. It's kind of funny looking to see a big 53-foot-long trailer with about a – what is it about a 10-foot diameter those coils? 8 to 10-foot diameter coil 5-foot wide that's all that's on it but it weighs 48,000 pounds. So we have a couple of those back up to tthey dock every morning and set those off. But no we're not finding any problem with that at least on tthey foreseeable future for tthey next several months. Now, if we were to get – again, we're thinking that ttheyre's a lot of surge because people are starting back up and ttheyy're buying more cars and all ttheyse kind of things that's using tthey steel up. And that surge is probably going to normalize before we need to be back in tthey market and before we need to worry about getting more steel. That's our anticipation. Jon Braatz All right, all right, Gary. Thanks so much Gary Fields Thank you, Jon. Operator Now our next question comes from Chuck Myer with Myers Family Office. Chuck Myer Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. Gary Fields Certainly. Chuck Myer I just wanted to clarify on tthey working capital for ttheir year. What are your expectations on how much free cash flow might be eaten up by getting working capital back to normal ttheir year by tthey end of tthey year? Scott Asbjornson Well, we haven't provided that information and I don't have it handy at tthey moment. Chuck Myer Okay. Because I was just trying to triangulate, what was said in terms of cash at tthey end of tthey year being sort of similar to cash at tthey beginning of tthey year. And if I put togettheyr tthey pieces of net income plus D&A ttheir year of I don't know, $28 million $29 million I'm not sure, if that is right or wrong and ttheyn tthey $70 million of CapEx that you laid out and ttheyn let's assume that working capital build eats up $10 million ttheir year to throw out a number that sort of gets us to if we keep cash flat from now until tthey end of tthey year of earnings of around $50 million to $55 million or about $1 a share am I triangulating that correctly based on everything you've told us today? Scott Asbjornson Well, I think ttheyre are a lot of ottheyr factors that will go into our cash position by tthey end of tthey year in terms of buyback activity that occurs through our 401(k) plan, tthey dividends that we pay out and what those might potentially be during tthey course of tthey year that are not yet determined that leave us with some level of uncertainty as to exactly what that would be. We expect that, if we perform as well as we anticipate that ttheyre would be some growth in our cash position by tthey end of tthey year. It is not exactly a flat figure. So we don't try to give forward projections on our earnings expectations. Chuck Myer Got you. Okay. Thank you so much, guys. Appreciate it. I guess, just before I run one more quick question, I was trying to triangulate also tthey reasonably strong bookings related to tthey price increase in January with your thoughts on tthey first half being just weak because of ABI and what's happening in tthey economy and such. Wtheyn I think about first half it seems to me like having sort of flat Q1 and Q2 from ttheir quarter we just ended it seems like tthey most reasonable outcome and ttheyn sort of an acceleration to tthey second half of tthey year. Is that sort of what you're implying as well? Gary Fields Yes.  Chuck Myer Okay. Okay. So tthey $116 million, $117 million of sales is sort of reasonable it sounds like for tthey next two quarters accelerating into tthey end of tthey year. and net of tthey insurance proceeds we did about $0.27 a share in earnings given tthey 29% gross margins et cetera. That all sounds like, it's in line with what your view is. Gary Fields Well, I'm thinking Q2 is going to be a bit stronger than what you just portrayed. Chuck Myers Okay. So might tthey -- acceleration might happen into Q2 versus Q1. Okay. Great. Thank you, so much guys. Good luck. Gary Fields Good luck. Operator And our next question comes from Jerry Levine, a Private Investor.  Unidentified analyst Well thank you Scott, Gary, Christian. I hope you guys are all well and safe and theyalthy and so are your families. After 19 years of listening to questions, I'm now able to ask one. So, I am going to ask one, but I think it's relatively simple. But my best to all of you guys and I don't know, if Norman is on tthey call or not but send them my regards if you will. Gary Fields He's sitting theyre. You know they is. Unidentified analyst Okay. Norm, I hope you're well. I hope your family is well. Gary Fields All good. Unidentified Analyst Tthey question I've got Gary is, would you discuss a little bit about tthey representatives' effort on tthey retail side? I know, it was off to a good start last year. And ttheyn of course, COVID came along. How does it stand now? And what are your thoughts for tthey rest of ttheir year? It's a very small contributor as everybody knows to tthey topline, but it's a very profitable business. How does that shape up right now? Gary Fields Well, some of our national account customers that are involved in retail have remained fairly stable. Tthey retail sector that I see that softened up a little bit is tthey more sporadic retail purchaser. So again, wtheyn we look at ttheyse national accounts that we've had, some of which we've had for many, many years, ttheyy're relatively stable. I don't see any problem with ttheym whatsoever. Tthey fact is one of ttheym has already got as much orders in theyre in 2021, as ttheyy did for tthey last half of 2020. So ttheyy're accelerating and ttheyy told me it was because ttheyy could finally get jobs built. Ttheyre were places that you'd see signs ttheir is coming soon. And ttheyy used to tell you spring of 2021 or dates like that. Now ttheyre's signs ttheyy're coming soon. And ttheyy don't know what that means because ttheyy couldn't get construction crews on site. Now, ttheyy're starting to get ttheym on site and ttheyy're starting to accelerate. So at least one or two of our national account retail customers is in that boat. But tthey more broadly looking at retail is what I'm looking at being a little softer than what it has been theirtorically and a little smaller component of our overall efforts. Unidentified Analyst Okay Gary. What I also was referring to was tthey effort on tthey part of tthey reps to open up ttheyir own retail stores or...  Gary Fields Oh, tthey parts store. Yes. Yes that's coming up... Unidentified Analyst Go atheyad. I'm Sorry. Gary Fields That's coming along nicely. Tthey -- I don't have a number of how many parts stores were added in 2020, but it was several. And ttheyre was commitments to add several more in 2021. Additionally, we put on some more personnel in tthey sales management and sales support to support that business. In fact is earlier today, I was visiting with tthey Director of Sales and they's going to reach out and make an offer to a person that is significant with a significant experience in tthey parts sales business they interviewed in tthey ottheyr day and they's going to reach out for an offer to ttheir young man. And so, we're going to continue to put more and more effort and focus into that because it's materializing nicely for us. And our representatives are very appreciative of tthey support we give, tthey guidance we give. And ttheir is anottheyr one of those share tthey best practices and share tthey stories of those that are winning with that strategy. And it's a very well-adopted strategy. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. You guys stay safe and theyalthy. Will you? Gary Fields We will. Operator [Operator Instructions] And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Gary Fields All right. Well, we thank you very much for listening today. We'll speak to you again in May for our first quarter results. Take care. Operator And that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.