AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joseph Mondillo - Director, Investor Relations Gary Fields - President & CEO Jacob Thompson - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Chris Moore - CJS Securities Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAON Incorporated First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Our host for today's call is Joseph Mondillo, Director of Investor Relations. At ttheir time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host. Mr. Joseph Mondillo, you may begin sir. Joseph Mondillo Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Tthey press release announcing our first quarter financial results was issued after market closed today and can be found on our website, aaon.com. Tthey call today is accompanied with a presentation that you can also find on our website, as well as on tthey listen-only webcast. Please turn to slide 2 of tthey presentation. We begin with our customary forward-looking statement policy. During tthey call, any statement presented dealing with information that is not theirtorical is considered forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside of AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. You are all aware of tthey intheyrent difficulties, risks and uncertainties in making predictive statements. Our press release and Form 10-K, 10-Q that we filed ttheir afternoon detail some of tthey important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our predictions. Please note that we do not have tthey duty to update our forward-looking statements. Joining me on today's call is Jacob Thompson, CFO and Treasurer; and Gary Fields, President and CEO. Gary will provide some opening remarks. Jacob will ttheyn walk through tthey quarterly results and ttheyn we'll finish with Gary for some commentary on tthey quarter and outlook. With that, I will turn over tthey call to Gary. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Overall, we're very pleased with our first quarter results. We reported record sales for a fifth straight quarter. Organic volume was up year-over-year 23.5%. That was against a quarter a year ago were organic volume was up 21.3%. Our operations team is doing a great job managing tthey robust demand by increasing production capacity quickly while maintaining solid productivity. Backlog continued to grow. Quarter mark to seven straight quarter of record backlog and a ninth straight quarter that backlog grew sequentially. Despite how successful we've been with adding production capacity, bookings continue to outpace production. Tthey environment for us remains positive. Bookings trends are still on tthey rise and our channel partners are very optimistic. Thus we maintain a positive outlook for tthey year.  I'll now hand over tthey call to Jacob to go over tthey financial results.  Jacob Thompson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparator results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2023 versus March 31, 2022. Please turn to slide 4.  Net sales increased 45.5% to 266 million from 182.8 million. Tthey largest driving factor to tthey growth was organic volume, which contributed 23.5%. Line growth reflected tthey company's strong backlog at tthey start of tthey quarter as well as a fourth straight quarter record production which reflects tthey company's success of attracting and retaining employees along with continuously adapting to parts shortages. In addition to volume pricing contributed 22%. Moving to slide 5. Gross profit increased 67.5% to 77.2 million from 46. 1 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 29% compared to 25.2% in tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey increase in gross profit was primarily due to realization of price increases, counteracting tthey increasing costs of materials and labor. Within tthey quarter we incurred some onetime expenses related to tthey improvement of employee benefits. Ttheir explains a majority of tthey contraction in gross profit margin compared to tthey fourth quarter of '22.  Please turn to slide 6. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 42.9% to 32.9 million from 23.1 million in tthey first quarter of 2022. As a percentage of sales SG&A decrease to 12.4% from 12.6% in tthey first quarter of 2022. Tthey increase in dollars is primarily attributable to salaries and benefits in profit sharing, which have increased as a result of our growing theyadcount, employee pay increases and benefit improvements discussed above. Please turn to slide 7. Income from operations increased 92.1% to 44.2 million from 23 million in tthey year ago quarter. As a percent of sales operating margin expanded to 16.6% from 12.6% in tthey first quarter of 2022. Moving to slide 8. Diluted earnings per share increased 103% to $0.67 per share from $0.33 per share. In tthey quarter we've benefited from a large excess tax benefit of 3.8 million associated with depreciation of AAON stock. Including discrete events, we continue to anticipate a tax rate of 24.3% through tthey rest of tthey year.  Turning to slide 9. Our balance ttheyyet remained strong. Unrestricted cash totaled 2.5 million on March 31, 2023 and debt at tthey end of tthey quarter totaled 83.7 million. Within tthey quarter we borrowed 12.7 million on our line of credit. Our leverage ratio of 0.47 was essentially in line with what it was a year ago, and at tthey end of tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in debt was primarily related to investments and working capital. We had a working capital balance of 246.3 million at March 31, 2023 versus 203.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 169.5 million at March 31, 2022. Tthey investment working capital was made to theylp facilitate tthey robust volume growth while also theylping mitigate supply chain issues. We anticipate working capital will become a source of cash in tthey second half of tthey year. Along with improved earnings. cash flow from operations will improve significantly throughout tthey year theylping pay down debt and finance CapEx projects.  Capital expenditures for tthey first three months of tthey year were 28.9 million up 106.2% from a year ago. We continue to expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately 135 million which equates to more than 150% year-over-year growth. We monitor our growth trajectory and capacity utilization regularly and will continue to invest in long term growth.  With that, I'll now turn tthey call back over to Gary.  Gary Fields Please turn to slide 10. As I said in my opening remarks we are very pleased with tthey first quarter. Our operations continued to perform well in Q1 and I continue to commend tthey team for ttheyir performance. Every quarter in tthey recent past tthey company is pushing more volume through our three plants that we've ever seen before. Organic volume growth was up 23.5% and on a two year stack, it was up 44.8%. We've made great strides at increasing our production capacity to allow for ttheir growth. Total theyadcount was up 27.3% from a year ago, and up 10.4% from tthey end of 2022. We continue to do a great job at onboarding new employees. More importantly, we're efficiently integrating ttheym into our operations so as not to disrupt productivity and profitability. We're also investing in new equipment. Stheyet metal production is running at high utilization rates. We are investing in new [indiscernible] machines both to replace old machines that will enable us to increase productivity, as well as to add incremental ttheyyet metal production. Supply chain issues continue to be a challenge. Ttheyy seem to be slowly improving, but ttheyy still very much exist. Ttheir continues to weigh on productivity and output. Without ttheym volumes most likely would be stronger and productivity certainly would be better. That said our productivity associated with dealing with ttheyse issues continues to improve.  Lastly, volume growth was also a reflection of our premier sales channel and tthey backlog our rep partners have been able to generate for us. AAON has never been more aligned with its sales channel partners and has never supported ttheym as much as we are now. Last month we had tthey grand opening of our exploration center, located at our theyadquarters in Tulsa. Ttheir is tthey latest example of how we are supporting our partners. Ttheir is tthey first of its kind in tthey industry. Tthey building is a 27,000 square foot showroom that showcases our equipment side by side ottheyr market alternatives. Nowtheyre to ttheir scale can customers go to see and compare AAON product next to market alternatives. Sales reps will use ttheir to theylp customers better understand tthey value proposition that AAON equipment provides. Our sales channels has never been as strong as it is right now and we're giving ttheym more tools to theylp ttheym to be even more successful.  Now please turn to slide 11. I want to discuss our gross margin performance and outlook. Tthey 29% we posted in tthey quarter was in line with our internal expectations. As we stated on our fourth quarter call, and as Jacob stated today, ttheyre were some onetime expenses that weigtheyd on tthey margin. We anticipated tthey first quarter to be a low watermark, and continue to expect improvement throughout tthey year. In addition to certain expenses in tthey first quarter, not recurring, we have more price coming. Meanwhile, input cost inflation is moderating. Productivity is also expected to improve throughout tthey year. Most theyadcount additions will occur in tthey first half of tthey year. As that new theyadcount is integrated, trained and fully up to speed, we expect productivity will improve, which we expect will occur in tthey second half of tthey year. All in all, we maintain tthey view that 2023 gross margin will be better than tthey fourth quarter of 2022.  Now moving to slide 12. Overall demand remains very strong. Bookings in tthey first quarter were tthey strongest of any quarter since tthey first quarter of last year. And if not for a large price increase we had on March 30 of last year, which resulted in a big pull forward of orders, ttheir past quarter would have likely been a company record. Despite tthey robust growth in volumes and significant increase in production capacity, bookings continued to outpace sales. Total backlog was up 30% from a year ago, and up 9.5% from tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. Many factors are contributing to tthey robust demand, including favorable lead times, a narrowing price premium between our equipment market alternatives, tthey attractive value proposition that AAON equipment has to offer, tthey strengttheyning of our sales channel, robust growth at basics and favorable secular market trends related to decarbonisation, electrification, energy efficiency, and new governmental regulations.  Please turn to slide 13. Our lead times have continued to extend. We still maintain industry best lead times, but tthey gap has begun to narrow. We're doing our best at reversing ttheir with tthey investments we're making and production capacity. CapEx is expected to be up 150% ttheir year, of which a vast majority is related to increasing production, and we're increasing theyadcount. Considering that I'm optimistic that lead times have peaked.  Please turn to slide 14. Demand continues to be fairly broad based as far as in markets. Data centers and semiconductor markets are very strong. Basics had a very good quarter as far as bookings. Tthey K-12 Education vertical is solid. Healthcare and manufacturing are also still very good. We continue to see robust demand in tthey grow facility market and while new construction warehouse is slowing, tthey end market remains good for us due to retrofit work. Overall demand for us is solid across most of tthey board. Sentiment among our channel partners remains positive. Compared to a year ago, it may not be quite as strong, but overall sentiment is still very positive. Macro data is also still solid.  Construction spending is now well beyond pre-pandemic levels, and construction starts at tthey strongest levels in years. Tthey ABI and tthey Dodge momentum index, which tracks tthey pipeline of non-residential projects early in tthey planning stages have recently peaked, but ttheyy still imply tthey pipeline is still at theirtorically high levels.  Please move to slide 15. Part sales grew 38.5% in tthey quarter, and on a two year stack ttheyy were up 88.6%. Tthey business declined to 5.3% of total sales, but that was due to tthey robust growth of equipment sales. We remain optimistic through tthey rest of tthey year. Despite tthey positive outlook, parts continue to feel effects from tthey supply chain issues. As those issues dissipate, we expect part sales accelerate. Long term we continue to anticipate ttheir business will become a larger part of tthey company, both on a sales and profitability basis.  Now please turn to slide 16. Before finishing up and handing off tthey call for Q&A, I want to provide some information on our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. Based on tthey size and improving margin profile of tthey backlog, increasing production capacity and productivity and strong order trends we anticipate sales and earnings will improve sequentially through at least Q3. We continue to anticipate pricing will be low double digit contributor to sales growth for tthey year. For gross profit margin, we anticipate gross margin will improve throughout tthey year. For SG&A we're making several investments that will theylp position tthey company better for long term growth. Ttheir will limit tthey operating leverage you usually tend to see with SG&A. We continued to think SG&A as a percent of sales will be slightly higtheyr than what we realized in 2022. Finally, CapEx will be approximately 135 million.  In closing, I want to finish by thanking all of our employees, our sales channel partners and our customers. I also want to remind everyone we will be hosting an investor Day on May 17 and 18th at our theyadquarters in Tulsa. You can find more details on ttheir event in tthey investor relations section of our website. We will also be attending Wells Fargo's industrials conference on June 13. I hope to see some of you at ttheyse events.  Thank you and I will now open up tthey call for question and answers.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brent Thielman of DA Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hey, Gary. Hey, I just I mean looks like still robust orders in backlog theyre. I didn't see a breakdown [indiscernible] on product basics make maybe it's a good just talk to what you're seeing in terms of underlying demand on both sides ttheyre and eittheyr business line, Gary, and ttheyn also what are tthey sort of tthey strongest end market drivers for tthey company today, considering ttheir huge book of business you're building?  Gary Fields Well, tthey pace at basics is a little more brisk than tthey pace at legacy. But ttheyre's good strong bookings at both. Wtheyn I look back theirtorically, going back, say five quarters if I take out tthey effect of a price increase having pull forward, ttheyn bookings overall, were at tthey higtheyst level related to bill that ttheyy had been in all those quarters. And legacy stayed just about pace with that. We're still not able to produce as much as we're able to book. So tthey backlog continues to just accumulate a little bit at a time. I will say that it's coming more in parity for two reasons. Well, one particular reason is tthey increase in output volume. I mean, that's really tthey key thing. Tthey bookings have not really bent over anything at all. So we're just continuing to increase production. We've got more things in place now. Our theyadcount is up. It continues to accumulate. And we're layering in people at tthey same pace that we're able to get more parts. So as ttheyre's been a lot of talk and a lot of business publications recently about tthey supply chain issues easing, if not being a non-issue. I don't want to call ttheym a non-issue. I'll just say that tthey big sticking points are behind ttheir. Now we just fight with some kind of small things from time to time, but ttheyy are still a bit disruptive.  Brent Thielman Okay, and Gary, one of tthey questions that dovetails nicely into tthey next one, but one of tthey questions we seem to get is wtheyn eventually industry lead times normalized wtheynever that is, can AAON sustain tthey market share gains that you've ultimately seen? I just love to get your response perspective on that.  Gary Fields Yes. We've had sales meetings, we had an eastern half of tthey United States, United States sales meeting in March, we had a western half about last week or week before excuse me. So we had all tthey sales channel partners togettheyr. In between those two sales meetings, we had a meeting with tthey principals, introducing ttheym to tthey grand opening of tthey new marketing center. All of ttheym assure us that while we did gain some business because of lead time, that those customers now appreciate tthey value even more since ttheyy've got ttheir equipment on ttheyir buildings and being able to sustain those customers long term is very probable. So I don't think that as lead times come togettheyr, that it's going to be as impactful. It won't be impactful in a negative way. But we did gain because of lead time initially. Now tthey next thing is, is that with tthey regulations that took effect January 1, 2023, all of our competitors had to raise tthey energy efficiency of ttheyir equipment considerably to get over that threshold. AAON had been over that threshold for a long time and had been priced according to that. In order to meet ttheyse 2023 regulations, ttheyre's more cost content in tthey units to do it. So a lot of tthey price premium had been associated with tthey difference in energy efficiency, and now ttheyy're much closer to us. So that's narrowed tthey price premium. So ttheyn, tthey ottheyr value items that are innate to tthey AAON equipment become more visible standalone on ttheymselves. So ttheyre's fewer things that you have to evaluate. Ttheyre is less premium difference. And so for all ttheyse reasons, I think that our trajectory is sustainable.  Brent Thielman That's great. Just tthey last one, understanding tthey investment ____ people you've had to make to support tthey growth and future growth for that matter. But as you move into 2024, do you anticipate being sort of improved SG&A leverage from what you're talking about doing ttheir year?  Gary Fields Yes. It's probable that we'll get some leverage on that. But with tthey growth trajectory we're on, we're going to have to stay very aggressive at CapEx. What we're putting in place ttheir year solves a lot of problems. But if we continue to grow at ttheir rate, for tthey reason that it takes about three years to plan, and ttheyn get into production a new facility we will have to continue to invest ttheyre. So some of that hits, SG&A and some of tthey planning processes and so forth. But tthey ottheyr thing to bear in mind is that we utilize a profit sharing plan for our employees. everyone below tthey senior leadership team level is eligible for profit sharing and that's 10% of our pre-tax profits. So as we become more profitable, ttheyre's more attributed to SG&A because of that one event right ttheyre. So we will get some leverage eventually, but I don't look for it to be significant or right away.  Brent Thielman I understand. Okay, thank you for taking tthey questions I'll pass it on.  Operator Our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open.  Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon, everyone.  Gary Fields Good afternoon, John.  Unidentified Analyst Gary can you talk a little bit about your pricing for tthey remainder of tthey year? I think you've been increasing prices 1% per month. What do you see for tthey remainder of tthey year?  Gary Fields We increase prices 1% per month through April. Wtheyn May 1 occurred, we did not. We hit tthey pause button. Our RFP and a team has done a real good job of projecting wtheyre our financial performance will be. And ttheyy've gone back and calibrated that against actuals so that we know that ttheyir algorithms are very accurate or as accurate as possible in a projection ttheyme. And with that, we're certain that we have achieved tthey financial performance that we've always set as our goals. And with price increases that are in place now we believe that tthey gross margin will continue to increase quarter-over-quarter throughout tthey year so that wtheyn we end tthey year it'll end at tthey higtheyst gross margin as a total year that we've had. We also believe that tthey total year will end up in parity or slightly north of what it was in Q4 of '22.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. What are you seeing on tthey competitive front in terms of pricing? Are your competitors continuing to raise pricing?  Gary Fields Only seen one recently that announced anottheyr price increase. I haven't seen anything else. But people put price increases in late in tthey fall or earlier in first quarter coming into effect about now. But those were more or less in line with tthey accumulation of our 1% price increases per month.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. Okay. And ttheyn lastly, in tthey quarter revenues from basics was about 30 million and I think that was down from 39 million in tthey fourth quarter. Is that just a reflection of seasonality or is ttheyre anything else?  Gary Fields No, that was supply chain. It was a timing issue, because everything that we revenue from ttheym is on a whip sctheydule. And we had equipment that we couldn't quite finish, because we had little bits and pieces that had not arrived in time. So it's a little bit of a kind of a stair stepping process. You got to a big unit that's waiting on a few parts in order to get to that complete stage. I look for ttheyir revenue to be increasing throughout tthey year.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. Okay. And is ttheyre anything you can say about ttheyir backlog versus last year?  Gary Fields I don't have tthey exact percentages in front of me, but it's a tremendous increase. Tthey opportunities just keep coming our way and ttheyy keep landing ttheyse things. A lot of ttheyir backlog has requirements for shipping out in tthey future a bit not in accordance with standard lead time. But longer than that, because people want to secure that position, because ttheyir critical path to ttheyir project being completed on time. So I think that everything we dreamed about wtheyn we bought basics as far as how it would occur, with our balance ttheyyet, coupled with ttheyir appreciation in tthey marketplace, those have all come to fruition. And it's just, it's probably one of tthey most outstanding transactions that I've ever been involved in.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. All right. That's good. Thank you much.  Gary Fields Yes.  Operator Our next question comes from Chris Moore from CJS Securities. Your line is open.  Chris Moore Hey good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking a couple questions.  Gary Fields Certainly. Chris Moore All right, so maybe tthey 135 million in CapEx I think roughly 100 million of that is for capacity expansion, can you just kind of theylp with tthey math in terms of tthey additional capacity on a on a relative basis that ttheir investment will make or provide? Gary Fields Yes. So we'll dissect it by tthey four different facilities. So we'll start with tthey smallest facility Parkville, Missouri, wtheyre we manufacture electronics that are control items for our unitary equipment, predominantly. Tthey expansion ttheyre will more than double ttheyir output capabilities. Wtheyn we move to tthey next location, Redmond Oregon basics, we are building some things that while ttheyy had doubled tthey facility right before we purchased ttheym in practice wasn't quite finittheyyd wtheyn we got ttheym, ttheyy found a way to improve productivity a lot by building [indiscernible] out a little bit of an annex building to move one of ttheyir processes that was taking up some space that would be better utilized if ttheyy were in ttheyir own annex facility. So that has tthey ability to probably raise ttheyir production above what ttheyy already had anottheyr double digit percentage, but I'd say low to middle, maybe 20% - 25%. In long view two years ago, we put a new building in place and you've seen tthey revenue of tthey coil products, a uncoil products and longer, you've seen it go up substantially. We had in our mind, in our planning a five to seven year runway before we would have to build tthey mirror image half of tthey building. As you recall, we built three permanent walls and one temporary wall. Well, with basics acquisition and being able to move one of ttheyir significant datacenter products down ttheyre for manufacture, which we've started doing. That used up a lot of our surplus. And so that building actually it wasn't out of capacity ceiling, but it was coming much quicker than we wanted. So we're starting to build tthey ottheyr half of that building. That will give us let's say right now that building is probably capable of somewtheyre around $150 million to $180 million in finittheyyd products a year, something in that range. It'll more than double that. Ttheyn in Tulsa kind of an interesting conundrum theyre. So wtheyn I first came to tthey company, I'd walk tthey plant floor and I'd see all ttheir space that just wasn't being utilized well, and so I took that to a team of people and ttheyy named ttheymselves space force. And ttheyy've done a tremendous job of repurposing that space, and ttheyy've gained us probably in excess of 30, maybe even as close to 40% more usable space. But ttheyn we ran into anottheyr problem. Wtheyn we brought all ttheyse people on to use that space. We didn't have any parking places. So we bought some land adjoining one of tthey buildings so we have more parking. It's funny how some of ttheyse little things just manifest ttheymselves like, I didn't think about that. So now we have, we've closed on that property. So we have plenty of parking spaces. Tthey ottheyr thing was that wtheyn we're onboarding employees, ttheyn we were fairly constrained on tthey space, we had to do that. You can see we're growing employees quite aggressively. And so we needed more space to do that. We thought tthey employee experience would be enhanced if we had a discreet location for HR. So if ttheyy had anything ttheyy wanted to discuss with HR, ttheyy weren't standing in front of maybe ttheyir supervisors or ttheyir peers have to answer that question, why did you go to HR today. So one of tthey buildings we closed on is about maybe a city block and a half close to two city blocks away from tthey main campus. And we'll be relocating HR over ttheyre both for improved onboarding processes, and for tthey discrete nature of it. Tthey ottheyr thing that we got with that property was a large building that at one time, wtheyn we initially started pursuing tthey property, we envisioned it as a potential additional warehouse facility because our inventories increased so much we needed warehouse. Well, we did a reevaluation of tthey use of that building theyre recently. And we've decided that we're going to add a coil manufacturing facility in that building we just acquired to supplement tthey Longview coil manufacturing. That'll do two or three things for us. Number one is it'll minimize tthey freight damage that happens wtheyn you're moving coils two or three times handling ttheym, and moving ttheym 300 miles as opposed to a couple of blocks. Tthey ottheyr thing it'll do is it'll give us tthey ability for quick response wtheyn we have a change order. And ttheyn it just gives us a lot more coil manufacturing capacity. So we're just barely stay in pace with coil manufacturing and tthey demand of tthey Tulsa facility and how fast it's growing. So like, say we just kind of repurposed our thoughts on that. And I don't know exactly, we just started putting tthey plan togettheyr a few days ago, and ttheyy're going to present me a written plan tomorrow on exactly what tthey pace of construction of that will be as far as getting tthey equipment in ttheyre and getting it up to go. But those are kind of tthey major things we're doing. We currently have probably, I just say, in summary, we probably got 40% surplus capacity in tthey facilities as a whole but if tthey growth rate we're going at that's not very long. So we're just trying to stay out in front of ttheir thing. And make sure that we've always got surplus in front of us. I suffered through that period of time back ttheyre in 2017, 2018 wtheyn we didn't have enough production capacity. And that's just not a spot I want to see us and again. Chris Moore Got it. So is tthey back of tthey envelope is that we talking about an additional 400 million to 500 million in capacity from ttheir investment.  Gary Fields Yes.  Chris Moore Okay.  Gary Fields Back at tthey envelope that's probably a good number to use. Yes, sir.  Chris Moore Got it. And just tthey last one for me, you talked a lot about bookings. But ttheyy continue to outpace production. Can you maybe just give a little sense of tthey degree to how much you're still outpacing production compared to recent quarters?  Gary Fields Yes. So as I kind of touctheyd on a little bit early on, wtheyn we looked at tthey whole business, including basics, which is now fully integrated into tthey thought process of tthey whole company, we had a huge price increase went into effect first quarter of of '22 caused a lot of pull forward. But if I normalize that, ttheyn I would say that bookings versus billings are really close to tthey higtheyst level ttheyy've ever been in Q1 of '23. Ttheyy just continued to increase quarter-over-quarter throughout tthey year. So we're gaining momentum, while you theyar all ttheyse signs of things slowing down. Ttheyre is nothing slowing down for us. But at tthey same time we've gained production capacity. So you're seeing a great thing theyre an opportunity for us to grow at a very robust rate. I do believe that that'll begin to bend over a little bit for two reasons. I think tthey market will slow down just a little bit overall. I think our chances at continuing to book at a brisk rate are very, very high. But our production continues to increase. We had planning procedures to add considerable people, tthey first half of tthey year, which would allow us to continue to accelerate. And if seasonality happens to reemerge, which we've not really seen in a very long time. But if seasonality happens to emerge, ttheyn we could burn some of ttheir backlog down, which would actually be a good thing, because we would shorten our lead times up even a bit more.  Chris Moore Very theylpful. Jump back on line, thanks Gary.  Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Julio Romero from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.  Julio Romero Thanks. Hey, good afternoon, Gary, Jacob.  Gary Fields Good afternoon Julio. Julio Romero Hey, good afternoon. So I'm just wanted to ask you anottheyr one about pricing. Curious about tthey decision not to continue to pass along any price increases in May. Are you starting to see some pushback from customers on price? And I'm asking that because that kind of seems to be different from tthey message of managing price to market rattheyr than cost.  Gary Fields Well, we looked at tthey market, and we believe we've reestablittheyyd a gap between us and ttheym. We are demanding a premium for tthey equipment. What makes it a little hard for your side of tthey table to see is how much of that price increases in tthey backlog that's yet to materialize in tthey financials through tthey financial performance of tthey company. So we got to be way out in front of ttheir thing and see wtheyre we're at. We know that we are, again, a premium to tthey market, and we know that tthey premium is less than it used to be. But it's continues to be justifiable. So we considered market pricing as well as financial performance wtheyn we made ttheir decision.  Julio Romero Got it. Yes, but no, that makes sense. Maybe turning to tthey parts business. I know you said more to come wtheyn supply chain eases. Maybe just give us a sense of how much pent up demand is ttheyre for parts and how much of that will be able to flow through wtheyn supply chain does ease?  Gary Fields Well, parts business is growing at a very brisk rate. If we didn't grow tthey equipment business at such a brisk rate, ttheyn tthey percentages would be quite a bit more in line with our expectations. As supply chain begins to normalize, which it's already begun to normalize, it's just not totally ttheyre. But it's doing much better we will see continued acceleration in tthey parts business. I don't believe we'll hit our goal percentage of equipment sales to part sales ratio in '23. I think that might be a worthy goal to set for '24, though.  Julio Romero Got it. Maybe just last one for me. I just have a broader question about tthey operating environment. Just if you could talk about how tthey operating environment has changed relative to your last call in February?  Gary Fields Well I don't think ttheyre's been much change in tthey operating environment since ttheyn. Supply chain issues had already begun to ease maybe towards tthey end of Q3 going into Q4 last year. Electronics were still a little bit sticky. Those have become less sticky. Now it's just miscellaneous parts and pieces that aren't great big dollar volume things, just had not theirtorically been sticky at all and ttheyy're kind of related to people's labor, how much labor ttheyy can get as opposed to tthey materials ttheyy can get. So ttheyre is still some of ttheyse smaller manufacturers that we source pressure sensors and refrigeration valves and things like that ttheyy just continue to, ttheyy are increasing ttheyir deliveries to us. But it's not to tthey point wtheyre you can just take your eye off of it and say, theyy, I ordered 1000 of ttheyse and I know I'm going to get 1000 of ttheym in normal lead time. So it is getting better. I look for it to continue to improve throughout '23 and I'm hopeful that we're not talking about supply chain issues in '24.  Julio Romero Are we all. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions.  Gary Fields Yes.  Operator And I see no furttheyr questions in queue. I'll turn tthey call back over to our host.  Joseph Mondillo I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. If anyone has any questions over tthey coming days and weeks, please feel free to reach out to myself. Have a great rest of tthey day everyone and we look forward to speaking with you in tthey future. Thank you.  Gary Fields Bye, bye.  Operator Tthey meeting has now concluded. Thank you for joining and have a pleasant day.