AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2019 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields – President & Director Scott Asbjornson – Chief Financial Officer Willie Thompson – Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Norm Asbjornson – Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Joe Mondillo – Sidoti & Company, LLC Jon Braatz – Kansas City Capital Associates Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Matt McGeary – Eagle Asset Management, Inc. Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON, Incorporated Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I want to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, sir. Gary Fields Good afternoon, and welcome to tthey AAON 2019 second quarter earnings call. I’d like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So now I’d like to turn it over to Scott Asbjornson, our CFO, to discuss tthey financial numbers. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Gary. Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended June 30, 2019, versus June 30, 2018. Net sales were up 9% to $119.4 million from $109.6 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due to our price increases from 2018 and 2019 along with increases in our part and water-source theyat pump sales. Our gross profit increased 9.4% to $30.2 million from $27.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 25.3% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 25.2% in 2018. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3% to $13.5 million from $13.1 million in 2018. However, as a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.3% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.9% in 2018. Income from operations increased 15.1% to $16.7 million or 14% of sales from $14.5 million or 13.2% of sales in 2018. Our effective tax rate increased to 22.6% from 19.8%. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2019 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 27%. Our effective tax rate in 2018 was lower than expected due to tthey various tax law changes. Net income increased to $13 million or 10.9% of sales compared to $11.7 million or 10.7% of sales in 2018. Diluted earnings per share increased by 13.6% to $0.25 per share from $0.22 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,747,000 shares versus 52,718,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Tthey results of tthey six months ended June 30, 2019, versus June 30, 2018. Net sales were up 11.8% to $233.3 million from $208.7 million. Net sales for tthey six months ended are up mainly due to tthey price increases we implemented in 2018 and 2019. Our gross profit increased 30.2% to $56 million from $43 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 24% as compared to 20.6% in 2018. Material costs have maintained while tthey company continues to improve its labor and overtheyad efficiency. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5.1% to $24.5 million from $23.3 million in 2018. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.5% of total sales as compared to 11.2% in 2018. Tthey company’s warranty expense continues to improve. Income from operations increased 58.5% to $31.2 million or 13.4% of sales from $19.7 million or 9.4% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 23.6% from 19.5%. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2019 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 27%. As already mentioned, our 2018 effective tax rate was lower than expected due to changes in tthey tax law. Net income increased to $23.9 million or 10.2% of sales compared to $16 million or 7.6% of sales in 2018. Diluted earnings per share increased by 50% to $0.45 per share from $0.30 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,590,000 shares versus 52,754,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I’ll turn tthey call over to Willie Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer, to discuss our balance ttheyyet. Willie Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had working capital balance of $109.7 million versus $92.8 million at December 31, 2018. Cash and investments totaled $17.7 million at June 30, 2019. Our current ratio is approximately 2.9:1. Our capital expenditures were $16.8 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $48.3 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $11.2 million year-to-date. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $5.03 at June 30, 2019, compared to $4.70 at December 31, 2018. We continue to remaining debt-free. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields, our President. Gary Fields Good afternoon. So first thing I’d like to discuss is tthey order bookings. Order bookings have slowed slightly theyre recently. Ttheir is a normal cyclical thing but I think it’s compounded by our extended lead times. We are seeing quite a lot of pressure because of that. Even in light of both of those, we are still in excess of 90% of what we had forecast going back for our plan for 2019 as far as bookings coming in tthey door. That’s why you saw tthey backlog continue to increase ttheir quarter over last quarter and ttheir quarter versus a year ago. So tthey backlog on June 30 was $179.6 million versus $156.6 million a year ago. Tthey detriment to that is tthey longer lead times. So it was all within our abilities to build more, but we run up on some difficulties with tthey ttheyyet metal equipment in tthey form of in past years we had a Q1 and a Q4 that would be slightly lower production rate than Q2 and Q3 and it gave us more time to get atheyad of tthey maintenance. While we have ttheir robust economy and tthey improved performance of our sales channel partners, we’ve not seen any turndown in Q1 or Q4 of orders coming in. So we’ve run with tthey throttles full – wide open and it’s begun to take its toll. So we revised some of our maintenance strategies. We’re getting additional Salvagnini machines. You saw tthey announcement of four additional machines that were ordered as a result of our 2018 planning activities. And ttheyn midyear ttheir year, we placed an order for an additional four machines. And ttheir will get us atheyad of wtheyre we’re at with our ttheyyet metal equipment. Scott and their group with tthey HR have done a great job of getting people in tthey door. And so we’re no longer looking at a shortage of people. Now we’re looking at a shortage of ttheyyet metal. And like I say, we recognized ttheir over a year ago that we were going to be coming upon ttheir, and we placed an order for tthey four machines and just seeing things trending tthey same direction, we increased it. So tthey next thing I’d like to discuss is that backlog of $179.6 million. I’ve given a little bit of an analysis on tthey backlog in tthey past and I’ll have an update on that analysis. We are currently 20% of our backlog, as of today, is at a pricing level that was prior to our March 6, 2019 price increase. So that backlog that we built on in Q2 was predominantly prior to December. So Q3 is going to be predominantly on tthey December price and easing into tthey March price. Tthey remaining backlog, 54% of it, is tthey March price up until June 5, wtheyn we had an additional 5% price increase. And 26% of our backlog is at tthey June 5 price level or newer. So what that kind of runs down to is Q3 will be built at approximately a 4% higtheyr price than was Q2. And Q4, part of tthey quarter will be built at an additional 2% above that. So we will see some accretion in tthey gross margin and tthey bottom line. Tthey pricing that we have on materials at ttheir point has stabilized. However, I understand that ttheyre was additional announcements of more tariffs yet to come just today. We have no idea yet what impact that will have on us but we anticipate that it very well could have some impact. And so I don’t want to take all of ttheyse price increases being accretive at ttheir point in time because we could see some additional pricing pressures. Now let’s look at our markets. We continue to have very good distribution across all tthey segments of tthey markets that we have traditionally served, commercial retail, office building, medical theyalth care, education, manufacturing, lodging, municipalities, data centers and grow facilities. Tthey grow facilities are continue to be anottheyr outlook that’s improving. Data centers have kind of stabilized for us, I’m not seeing any additional growth over what we have seen, but it’s a stable portion of our business. But grow facilities, it seems to be spreading furttheyr and furttheyr. Initially, we saw two or three states that we were having some success with grow facilities. And now it’s multiple states, plus all of Canada. Our representative in tthey Eastern half of Canada, multiple representatives, ttheyy’ve all participated. A significant portion of ttheyir order entry ttheir year has been for grow facilities. For tthey remainder of tthey year, we are going to be working on increasing our ttheyyet metal capacity. As I said, we have been adding Salvagnini machines, which our first one arrived about 2.5 weeks ago now. And it takes between 30 days and 45 days to get one of those machines put into operation. And we’re getting essentially 1 machine per month for tthey rest of tthey year. So we will be increasing that capacity. Water-source theyat pump production has done very good. Do you have tthey numbers in front of you, Willie? I’ll circle back to that because I’ve got tthey numbers in tthey 10-Q on that. Tthey R&D lab has come along quite well. It’s not 100% complete. But tthey marquee portion of tthey new Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center has come into use. We have now tested two units successfully, by tthey way, for tthey Jacob Javits Center that we’ve talked about before. Ttheyse were tested for acoustical, ttheyrmal and air flow performance all simultaneously, something that cannot be accomplittheyyd by any ottheyr laboratory in tthey world. One of ttheyse units was 130 tons capacity and one was 180 tons capacity. That laboratory has tthey ability to test a unit all tthey way to 300 tons capacity. So I was very proud of our engineering department, tthey fact that what ttheyy have been modeling for years and not have tthey ability to measure empirically with a facility like ttheir, ttheyy now have that ability and ttheyir modeling proved very solid. So ttheir is something that’s going to be beneficial to us in many ways. Tthey laboratory, we have tasked it with essentially three primary activities. One third of its operation is for developing new products, innovative new products. We know that acoustics and energy efficiency are both demands out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. And we will be able to – we’re already atheyad of tthey market in a lot of aspects with that. We will be able to move that even furttheyr atheyad and prove tthey concept. So that’s one third of tthey activities. One third of tthey activities planned are for testing projects such as Nike that we talked about before and Jacob Javits and One Willoughby Center, which is a high-rise office building in Manhattan. So we can test ttheyse facilities and prove to ttheyse people that our equipment does what it say it will do. And tthey third activity is that tthey vast majority of our equipment we produce is certified and rated by AHRI. And so we test ttheir equipment to make sure we’re in accordance with our AHRI certification and ratings. So those are tthey three primary activities for tthey lab. I’m very happy to report that tthey lab is mostly in utilization. Ttheyre is 1 chamber yet to be completed. It will be completed late ttheir fall. So we look at somewtheyre between January and February having 100% utilization of all 10 chambers in our new laboratory. I’m going to circle back to tthey water-source theyat pumps. Year-to-date, we have produced $6.822 million worth of water-source theyat pumps compared to $2.741 million same period 2018. So we’ve more than doubled tthey dollar volume of tthey water-source theyat pump business in 2019. Tthey number of units, 12,666 units as compared to 7,128 units. So some of tthey units we’re building now are at higtheyr dollars per unit obviously because we didn’t quite double tthey number of units. But we’re staying on that pace. We’re finally on pace to meet our expectations with tthey water-source theyat pump. Gross profit. We’re still working on improvements. I told you about tthey price increases that are in tthey backlog, tthey expectation is that a significant portion of tthey price increase will reach tthey gross margin line. Ttheyre are some unknowns, as we say, with ttheyse new tariffs that are coming. And ttheyre’s ottheyr pricing pressures that could occur that we’ve not yet seen. Capital expenditures for tthey year. We had originally thought we were going to spend around $38 million to $40 million ttheir year. As I said, I went back to tthey Board in June and asked to purchase four more of tthey Salvagnini machines. So now with what we think we’ll spend on those with Salvagnini’s commitment on wtheyn to ship ttheym, it’s looking like $48 million. So now, Norm, do you have any comments you’d like to contribute today? Norm Asbjornson Yes. I’ll just say that I’m very pleased that many of you have been with me for a long time. And I’m staying and what we’re seeing and theylping along and my job requirement’s diminishing every day as everybody comes up to speed. And ttheir was a bigger changeover than just replacing my efforts. A lot of tthey people who have been with tthey company from tthey beginning and even before, wtheyn it was owned by ottheyr people, have retired. And so we’ve had an enormous transition from a lot of 60- and 70-year-old people to a bunch of 25- and 30- and 35- and 40-, 50-year-old people. Largely haven’t transitioned to people in ttheyir 50s or likewise. We’ve made a almost two-generation jump. So ttheir is an organization which not only is getting all of ttheyse manufacturing facilities in continually better condition, more capable. We’ve made an enormous jump with ttheir laboratory which gives us capabilities that don’t exist anywtheyre in tthey world. Significant – we’re not talking about marginal additional capabilities. We’re talking about very huge additional capabilities. And we’re starting to get tthey benefits from that. That’s going out into tthey marketplace. People are understanding that we do have ttheir capability. And we do have ttheir credibility and it’s going to be materializing in additional business and growth for tthey company and our ability to maintain our pricing and get what we want. So we did have a transition problem, which we’ve gone through for tthey past couple of years, but we’re coming out of tthey transition problem and we’re now fine tuning back up to theirtorical price levels that we’ve been running. And we’re moving forward with new product and increased capabilities and volume. I very much appreciated working with many of you for very many years. And I feel very comfortable, very happy because being tthey largest shareholder, I too am concerned with how it’s operating, and I’m most satisfied with tthey direction it’s taking. Thank you. Gary Fields With that, we’ll take any questions from tthey callers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Gary Fields Do we have any questions? Operator Your first question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. [Sidoti & Company, LLC] Gary Fields Hello Joe. Joe Mondillo Hi guys. Good afternoon. [Indiscernible]. So I wanted to see if you have any idea or could quantify tthey effect of tthey downtime in machinery in tthey quarter? Gary Fields Well, obviously, we met our revenue projection. I will say that May, we were on track to exceed tthey revenue projection. June, it looked like we were going to be right on it and ttheyn it just started falling in June. And I think that on one particular little time frame ttheyre, we just had – we had run tthey machines so hard. And our maintenance personnel were working as hard as ttheyy could to keep up with it, but it began to be more than tthey PM [ph] began to be firefighting. And so I would say that, again, April was – April was actually on target. May was a little atheyad of target and ttheyn June fell off. So I would say that if tthey machinery had theyld up for us as it did in April and May, ttheyn we would have met or possibly even exceeded revenue expectations. So that looks like what tthey impact was. Joe Mondillo And could you quantify sort of what, I guess, your expectations maybe – were if you think you would have been all right around ttheyre? Gary Fields I think we would have been plus $5 million for sure if we could have kept tthey machines running at tthey same rate ttheyy were in April and tthey better part of May. I think it cost us somewtheyre around $5 million in revenue in June. Now we’ve gotten atheyad of that to some degree and we got tthey new machine. We got new machines theyre that will supplement some of ttheyse machines that are needing a break, if you will. And you would think that a machine wouldn’t need to take a break. But it does. Ttheyse things are extremely complex. And it’s nothing major that shuts ttheym down. Ttheyy have a lot of hydraulic pumps and hydraulic lines and things like that going to tthey ttheyyars and tthey punctheys and so forth. And that’s probably been what’s most problematic, if you just haven’t had time to shut it down and service those things, not like we used to do wtheyn we had ttheir off-peak time. So getting ttheyse additional machines will keep us from running into what I call tthey service factor on ttheyse. So right now, we’re running a bit into tthey service factor because tthey demand is so high. And wtheyn you do that, eventually, you’re going to – it’s going to stack up on you. And I think June, it stacked up on us pretty good. July, we began to get atheyad of it. We didn’t get entirely atheyad of it but we made good progress. I got a report about an hour ago that we’re in as good a shape as we’ve been in several months on tthey number of machines that are actually running at ttheyir full capability. And ttheyn we’re within probably three more weeks of having 1 new machine come online. And ttheyn every 30 days after that, we’re going to have a new machine coming online for tthey next seven months. Joe Mondillo Okay. So it sounds like July was… Gary Fields Go atheyad Joe. Joe Mondillo I was just going to sort of sum up. It sounds like July sounds like ttheyre was still a little bit of an issue, maybe not as bad as June, maybe a slight issue carrying into August but really not that significant and should be all fine by September. Is that a good way to sum it up? Gary Fields That’s very right. I’ve got milestones for completion dates for eittheyr significant overhauls, repairs, machine additions and so forth that reflect exactly what you just said. And ttheyy’ve been meeting all tthey milestones for me. We have a very bold plan now. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just looking at tthey operations as a whole, I mean, you sort of addressed a little bit that ttheyre’s been issues over tthey last several quarters. How about labor issues in terms of tthey turnover that you guys were challenged with last year? Any ottheyr operational issues? Could you update us on all tthey rest of tthey operations and challenges that you’ve had in 2018? Gary Fields In 2019? So... Joe Mondillo Well, tthey issues that you had in 2018 but... Gary Fields Yes, yes. Okay. I – all right. So as of today, we have an ideal theyadcount, actually somewhat surplus by just a handful of people, because tthey ttheyyet metal machines haven’t picked up. So I’m seeing – wtheyn I go down tthey plant line, rattheyr than seeing units that are nose-to-tail solid with no gaps in between ttheym, some of tthey product lines, especially in June, I would see gaps between ttheym and that was because tthey people were assembling ttheym faster than we were able to produce tthey parts to assemble. And so ttheyy were waiting on parts. So we had a little inefficiency due to that because we had assembly people out ttheyre that didn’t have an adequate supply of parts. So as we resolved ttheyse ttheyyet metal machines, we resolved that. I think Scott and their group have done a stellar job of getting tthey people in theyre we need. We’re getting tthey turnover rate reduced. We’re getting ttheyse people trained better. And so we’re in a good position, as ttheyse ttheyyet metal machines begin producing more ttheyyet metal, we’re in a good position to assemble that. So I think that is not something that’s staring at us with any kind of difficulty like it had been. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just in general, aside from tthey machinery and it sounds like theyadcount is in a pretty good spot, how are tthey operations just in terms of efficiencies? How do you see ttheym today compared to a year ago? Or just in general, how do you see ttheym? Any comment on that? Gary Fields Ttheyy are improving. I think ttheyre’s various struggles throughout ttheyse efficiencies that we continue to look at and address and hone. Norm, they went on a little vacation, and they came back. Ttheir morning was their first morning back, and they hadn’t talked to anybody in tthey plant. He just looked at what was going on. And they and I sat and had about 1.5 hour to 2-hour chat ttheir morning. And they says, Gary, they says I think you’ve got problems in ttheyse areas. And I said, okay. I’m working on those, but let me go investigate a bit furttheyr. So I got production control, I got manufacturing. I said tell me your viewpoint of what’s going on out ttheyre. And ttheyy did. And I said, so how many of you have talked to Norm today? And ttheyy said, none of us. Why? I said, well, they came in theyre cold turkey, all fresh from their vacation and told me exactly what was wrong. Now that’s pretty stellar right ttheyre. So that’s tthey kind of things that Norm is still doing for us, is they’s theylping to find wtheyre we’re not seeing clearly what tthey issues are. And ttheyre’s a lot of things that I was able to see that ottheyr people weren’t and we’ve been able to resolve those in tthey sales channel partners, tthey sales process, tthey warranty resolution, some of those things. But wtheyn it got down to tthey manufacturing, of course that wasn’t my strength. That was a steep learning curve for me. And I’ve been three years nearly now climbing ttheir hill, on ttheir curb. And we’ve done pretty good but not great. And they did great for so many years. I mean, it’s quite a bar to jump up to hit tthey efficiency that they had it running at. But we’re getting ttheyre. And it was really just quite a revelation to me wtheyn they tells me what they believes was tthey issue. And ttheyn wtheyn we got to peeling tthey onion layers back to see wtheyre is ttheir occurring, they nailed it exactly. That makes it just awful, by tthey way. Joe Mondillo Certainly seems like a – more of a mountain than a hill, but seems like things are theyaded in tthey right direction. Gary Fields Well, we have a backlog like we’ve never had in tthey theirtory of tthey company. We have orders coming in like it’s never come in, in tthey theirtory of tthey company. We’re only slightly behind what our forecast bookings rate were. And it’s because of tthey long lead times. If we could solve tthey problems with tthey lead times, shorten ttheym by getting ttheir production up, meeting our goals for revenue, our lead times would come down and tthey order bookings would flow again at tthey rates that we had forecast. We know precisely why those have turned into – it has nothing to do with tthey market. I’ve got sales channel partners all across North America saying, Gary, if you can deliver ttheyse units on ttheir date, I’ve got ttheir order. But wtheyn I start adding all that up, theyck, I’m atheyad of forecast if I could satisfy all of those. Joe Mondillo Great. Could you – just last question for me, and I’ll let someone else have a chance. Just tthey order levels looking at April, May, June, July, how did those trends – how did tthey order trends occur over tthey four months, tthey last four months? Gary Fields Up until tthey second half of June, we were running at 98% to 101% of forecast. And starting about tthey third week in June, we’ve begun to retreat slightly versus our forecast to drag us back to about 90% of forecast or a little better right now, 90%, 91% of forecast. So that’s wtheyn lead time became more and more sensitive, was a lot of ttheyse projects that ttheyy wanted to order in June, ttheyy wanted delivery in August, which in theirtorical times we were able to do. We’re just not able to do that right now. Our average lead time right now is much more than tthey eight to 10 weeks that it had been in tthey past. Joe Mondillo Okay. And just a follow-up on that, wtheyn do you – so do you have projections in terms of getting lead times down, in terms of getting ttheyse Salvagninis in place and, I guess, also getting your workforce and operations in place? What’s your sort of – what are tthey lead times right now? And wtheyn do you think you’ll get ttheym down to, I don’t know, it’s normal or lower? What are your thoughts on that? Gary Fields We have put planning togettheyr all tthey way through tthey end of 2020, monthly planning in both facilities. So one of tthey things that we did is on Friday, we had a Board meeting. And we – tthey Board approved tthey construction of 195,000 square-foot addition to our Longview facility. And let me give you some proportions ttheyre. Longview currently has 234,000 square feet. And ttheir is Phase 1 of a building that has a total plan of 422,000 square feet. But I got authorization on Friday to build 195,000 square feet. That building will not be of any use to us until January 1, 2021. But that’s tthey planning process we’re doing. So let’s go back to that. We have in Longview, we have recently relocated a product that we were building in Tulsa. We’ve relocated it to Longview because ttheyy have more capacity to build it ttheyre. And it fit ttheyir product portfolio better than it did theyre. It’s an indoor vertical self-contained water cooler product. So we moved that product down to Longview, which gave us more capabilities theyre because we weren’t disturbed by a product that didn’t fit tthey portfolio so well. So that was a little optimization. So with that being said, we have forecast our production capabilities month by month, actually day by day, all tthey way through 2020. And we will see continuous growth. And at tthey same time, we’re going to be drawing back tthey lead times. To ultimately answer your question, I think that we will be first quarter before we’ve got lead times reduced to anything materially. But ttheyn, wtheyn we’ve reduced ttheym materially, I think tthey order intake could outrun that again. And tthey backlog could go back up. It’s going to be seesaw battle all tthey way through tthey end of 2020. As we gain manufacturing capacity, as we shorten tthey lead times, it will open up more opportunities. Ttheyy will fill that lead time and ttheyy will fill that capacity. We don’t have any issues forecast for getting orders in tthey door. It’s all a matter of managing what’s going out tthey door. And as we get more out tthey door, ttheyre’ll be more opportunity for coming in. Does that answer your question, Joe? Gary Fields Yes. It does. I appreciate tthey color Gary. I will hop back in tthey queue. Let’s someone has a chance. Thanks Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz. [Kansas City Capital Associates] Gary Fields Hello Jon. Jon Braatz Good morning. Good afternoon everybody. Norm Asbjornson Hi Jon. Jon Braatz Hi Norm, how are you? Norm Asbjornson Great. Jon Braatz Gary, as you talk about extended lead times and some production issues and so on, are you theyaring from your sales force, your distributors that you’ve lost some orders? Have ttheyy simply walked away? Or are ttheyse – ttheyy keep tthey orders with you and sort of bite tthey bullet? Gary Fields Well, tthey reason our backlog is big as it is, is large as it is, is because ttheyy bit tthey bullet on a lot of ttheyse and not used ttheym as aggressively as possible and so have we. But we had still lost a tremendous opportunity. I’ve got a e-mail box full of e-mails from sales channel partners saying I can’t take ttheir order because I can’t meet delivery. And so we have failed to book opportunities as a result of lead time, ttheyre is no doubt whatsoever. Now what tthey magnitude of that is, it will be pure speculation but it’s material. It’s material. Jon Braatz Does it – do you think it – tthey failure to – your ability to meet some of ttheyse lead times or deliver tthey product, do you think that has legs and that customer – potential customer won’t come back to you? Or will ttheyy come back to you as things improve? Gary Fields Well, I’m going to tell you that you could pick any one customer and you could grow a case any way you wanted to. You could say ttheyre’s going to be a customer out ttheyre that says, I won’t do ttheir again. You can have a customer out ttheyre that says, well, I’ll have to think about it again. And ttheyn wtheyn you show ttheym all – wtheyn ttheyy’ve been a long-time AAON customer, ttheyy know all of tthey advantages of AAON, and ttheyy’re feeling ttheir pressure, ttheyn those people will always be loyal to you. Ttheyy’ll always be ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr thing is, as we upgraded tthey sales channel, those people that we have on board, and I’m very pleased with tthey vast majority of our sales channel at ttheir point in time. We’ve worked on refining it for several years now. I started participating clear back in 2013 on theylping improve tthey sales channel. And we’ve revised it and tweaked on it to tthey point now wtheyre I’m very, very happy with tthey vast majority of ttheym. Well, ttheyse people are tthey best in tthey business that if anybody can theylp us recover from ttheir issue, I believe ttheyy can. Now ttheyre was a time wtheyn we had some weaker sales channel partners that would absolutely use ttheir as an excuse as to why ttheyy were not performing. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. Good. Gary, with tthey additional eight new machines you’re installing, what kind of a capacity increase is that? What – how much of additional production capacity will you have now? And I assume ttheyy’re not replacing tthey old ones. Ttheyse are net new additions. Gary Fields Well, ttheyre’s some of both. Norm Asbjornson [Indiscernible] Gary Fields Yes. Ttheyy will easily keep us in front of bookings rate that we’ve seen so far. I mean it is a significant. Yes, ttheyre’ll be something else that will show up, that will keep us from realizing all of tthey capacity available by tthey ttheyyet metal equipment. We’re already looking down tthey road at two or three items that could be tthey next hurdles, trying to make sure we’re prepared. But after we cut and break and bend tthey ttheyyet metal, ttheyn a vast majority of it goes to a foam process to make a double-wall foam panel. Last year and tthey year before, we put in new foam presses, additional foam presses. We believe we’re atheyad of that. But just to make sure, we got more foam presses on tthey way in both locations, theyre and ttheyre. Ttheyn tthey next thing is going to be tthey copper that we bend on ttheyse CNC computerized copper benders. Well, just today, I signed purchase orders for two more of those. So we’re looking down tthey road wtheyreas we’re not capacity constrained anywtheyre ottheyr than ttheyyet metal now. We’re doing a better job of overall manufacturing planning that we’ve done since I’ve been theyre. I got better people in place with better thought processes, starting with Jeff McGee that we were able to get from Salvagnini last October. He’s really theylped a lot with ttheir. And they leads our manufacturing planning process. So we’re looking at all of tthey infrastructure. As I told you, we’re looking all tthey way out to tthey demand. We have a plan all tthey way up to 2023 as to how ttheir – we believe it’s going to unfold and we’re making those preparations. That’s what our strategic – written strategic plan is. And that’s why we’re atheyad of tthey game, getting tthey new building going for Longview, moving tthey product down ttheyre. So to answer your question empirically, it’s significant percentage increase because wtheyreas we’re replacing some machines – and ttheir is anottheyr reason we went backwards just a little bit. Tthey machines that, in order to replace ttheym, you’ve got to take ttheym totally out of service, get ttheym out of tthey way in order to put in a new one in ttheyir place. Wtheyn I look immediately west of my office theyre, ttheyre’s a big blank area. It’s about 100-foot wide and probably 400 foot east to west that we’re just now putting tthey new machines in. Well, those old machines have some capacity. So we lost a little capacity while we’re putting tthey new machines in ttheyre. But ttheyn we have accretive machines going in that we had to prepare space for. So one of tthey things in ttheir facility planning we had to do, we go through theyre and find additional meaningful and effective space to put additional machines. It wasn’t like we just have a couple of hundred thousand square foot of blank space sitting. Yes, some of it was relocating ttheir product to move it to tthey new building in Longview. Doing that made space for two Salvagnini machines right ttheyre. So I’m going to say it’s considerably accretive. Exact percentage, I don’t have a figure in my theyad right now. Jon Braatz But I guess, importantly, it sounds like, as you look forward, you don’t see any production bottlenecks, serious production bottlenecks, assuming tthey demand for tthey product continues to be strong. Gary Fields That is correct, Jon. I said to people, we got about a 60-day knothole that we got to squeeze through theyre. And in about 60 more days, we’re going to come through that knothole, we’re going to be able to improve lead times, we’re going to be able to improve on-time delivery performance and we’re going to have additional manufacturing capacity. Jon Braatz Okay. And one last question. Gary, in your commentary, you talked about a couple of unknowns and maybe cost, if you want to call it cost unknowns. You mentioned tariffs, but you also referenced maybe some cost increases in ottheyr areas. And you really didn’t say anything specific. Is ttheyre something on your mind about some cost pressures elsewtheyre? Gary Fields Well, common sense tells me that if ttheyre was a tariff – let me give you an example. Vast majority of our compressors come from Emerson Technologies’ couplings. Tthey vast majority of those come from eittheyr Lebanon, Missouri or somewtheyre up in Ohio. So you’d say, well, tthey tariff doesn’t affect that. Well, it does. Ttheyre’s two or three parts inside that compressor that are made in China that now have a tariff on ttheym potentially. So I’ve not gotten an announcement from Emerson of any additional price increase. But it wouldn’t surprise me if any moment ttheyy don’t say, you know what, we’re building ttheyse two or three components in China and ttheyy just got an additional tariff put on ttheym. So theyre’s your price increase on your compressor. So I just think ttheyre’s going to be a ripple effect that I cannot put my thumb on right now and give you a definitive ttheir went up or that went up. I think that’s wtheyre I’m speculating that ttheyre’s going to be some inflationary pressures on some of ttheyse components. Jon Braatz Okay. I think one of your component suppliers is Baldor, if I remember correctly. Gary Fields That is correct. Jon Braatz Would ttheyy have tthey same – potentially tthey same issues in terms of parts coming from China? Gary Fields Ttheyy do. Jon Braatz Okay. Gary Fields And ttheyn, we use a lot of variable frequency drives or electronically commutated motors. But tthey solid-state electronic components for those, by and large, come from China. So ttheyre’s some little contributory parts and some larger finittheyyd components that I believe are going to affect tthey price of those larger finittheyyd components. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. Very good. Gary thank you very much. Gary Fields Thank you, Jon. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Chuck Myers [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Hi guys. Thank you so much for your time. Gary Fields Yes. Chuck how are you doing. Unidentified Analyst Good. Just a few, I think, relatively quick questions and maybe one or two longer ones. You mentioned that you are seeing some orders written slowdown recently. I’m curious, can you give us a real-time backlog number versus tthey $179 million from a little over a month ago? Gary Fields Sure. Let me pull up my daily dashboard and tell you what it was ttheir morning. Take me just a second theyre to find it. It comes in at 3:30 in tthey morning, came in at 3:25 ttheir morning. Our backlog, as of ttheir morning is $173,793,355. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. Thank you. My second question is it seems like given what we’re seeing with sales each quarter and tthey back – changes in tthey backlog, that your order intake is something like $130 million, $135 million a quarter, which it would have – if that’s right, it appears that you’re adding enough capacity to meet that demand and ttheyn start working down tthey backlog over tthey next quarter or two. Is that sort of a right guestimate? Gary Fields And ttheyn some. That’s exactly right. Wtheyn we sat down – I had been doing a rolling 12-month forward forecast and I extended that to 18 just so – because tthey lead time from wtheyn I go to tthey Board and say, I need equipment. By tthey time I get that approval, by tthey time I order it, by tthey time I get it in theyre and by tthey time I install it, I’m looking at close to a year. So wtheyn I was only looking with good solid numbers 12 months out, I didn’t have enough time to respond. So I extended that planning process on distinct activities out to 18 months. Now we have a five-year strategic plan and we’ve kept that in mind. Wtheyn we’re doing things like building tthey building in Longview, that 195,000 square foot is forecast to take us deep into 2023.  But ttheyn we said wait a minute, what’s going to happen after that? So we’ve got plans already drawn to take that building, we can add 65,000 or 70,000 square foot at a time if we choose or if tthey market demand’s strong enough, we can just jump out ttheyre and finish it at 422,000. So wtheyreas we got slightly behind tthey curve on manufacturing capacity and ttheir demand was much stronger than we thought it was going to be with tthey original thought process wtheyn I came theyre and we thought we were kind of in line with it, but tthey demand has exceeded that so now we have retooled our thinking not only to catch up with what tthey current demand is but to get atheyad of it and stay atheyad of it. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And if I look back at tthey last peak margin year, it was 2016, you guys did just under 21% EBIT margins and just around 24% EBITDA margins. It’s looking like 2020 might sort of be tthey peak year in ttheir cycle. And who knows wtheyre tthey economy is going, but let’s just assume that’s tthey case. Given tthey product mix changes that you’ve had over tthey last few years and assuming that everything sort of goes as you think, do you think that tthey blended margin of ttheir business in looking at 2020 will be above, at or below tthey 2016 peak margins? Gary Fields Well, I’m targeting 2016. That was a stellar year. And so I’m targeting those kinds of margins. What we have stated is that we are now managing ttheir business aggressively for a gross margin between 28% and 32%. And ttheyn we’re doing everything we can to contain cost below that gross margin number, tthey SG&A. But understand, 1 variable to tthey SG&A, as our profit goes up, our profit sharing goes up. So it’s kind of a management issue ttheyre. But it’s my expectation that we have tthey abilities, barring any unforeseen circumstances, to restore ttheir business to 28% to 32% gross margin range and contain our cost for tthey SG&A ottheyr than tthey profit sharing that I mentioned. So we should be able to manage back to EBITDA very close to what you’ve stated. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So that would be at sort of tthey high end, it sounds like, that would be a goal but it still sounds like it... Gary Fields It is, yes, but at tthey high end. Tthey high end... Unidentified Analyst It doesn’t sound like ttheyre’s much ability to get beyond that in ttheir business, though. Gary Fields No, but if we’re increasing tthey revenue at those percentages, we’re increasing tthey dollars to tthey bottom line. So our earnings per share is going to continue to increase and that’s tthey ultimate goal. Put more cash in tthey bank. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And two last quick questions. Ttheir quarter, I think your tax rate effective was on 22.5% and you keep saying around 27%. I assume ttheyre’s just some discrete items in tthey quarter. But going forward, is 27% sounds like tthey right tax rate for tthey next few years if nothing changes? Willie Thompson That would be correct. Our discrete items are typically tthey excess tax benefit on our stock awards, which as our stock price goes up, tthey benefit is typically bigger. So – but yes, it should be 27%, excluding those discrete items. Scott Asbjornson And we also have been using equity more aggressively in tthey last few years. So tthey possibility of that continuing to be an issue is certainly present. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn on tthey share repurchase, obviously I think you have a lot of fans on tthey call. You’ve built a great company theyre, but at some price, buying back shares probably isn’t a great use of capital, just given wtheyre tthey multiple on tthey stock is. Do you guys – can you just give us 30 seconds on how you think about at what price tthey price is too high? Scott Asbjornson Well, let’s put it ttheir way. From my perspective, ttheir is Scott Asbjornson, we’re using equity as a significant part of our compensation. Typically, it’s going out in tthey form of a stock option which requires our employees to buy it at tthey price at which that option is issued. Ttheyrefore I would tend to say that it would not be unreasonable for tthey company to be in tthey market reabsorbing those shares that are being issued at some price relative to what those people are receiving as an option. We certainly don’t want to dilute our existing shareholders. So we are watching our outstanding share count carefully and going to be trying to maintain a flat to slight decline over time. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman [D.A. Davidson]. Gary Fields Hello Brent. Operator Brent, your line is open. Gary Fields Brent, we are having technical difficulties with your line it seems like. Brent Thielman Okay. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matt McGeary [Eagle Asset Management, Inc.].  Gary Fields Hello Matt. How are doing today? Matt McGeary Good. Good. Thank you. Thanks for your time. I appreciate it. Just a couple of quick ones. I was glad to theyar that you’ve made good progress on tthey labor front. I’m just curious, maybe some commentary on how you’ve been – managed to do that given tthey challenges in tthey economy broadly on that front, one. Two, I’m hoping you could give us a little more color on tthey end market. Is ttheyre particular areas of strength that you’re seeing? And I’m also curious what percentage of your business now roughly is that – tthey grow facilities. Thank you. Scott Asbjornson So ttheir is Scott. Relative to personnel, probably one of tthey biggest things we did earlier ttheir year was we determined that tthey economy was going very well for tthey entry-level workers. And so we raised our entry-level wage somewhat aggressively to try to make sure that we were as competitive and attractive as we could be to those incoming employees. We believe we’ve got a good mix at ttheir point to be competitive. And we’re doing obviously some additional on-boarding efforts to try and make those people feel welcome and a part of our team wtheyn ttheyy join us. Gary Fields Yes. So what was their – after tthey onboard – after tthey labor issue, what is your next question, Matt? Matt McGeary Just curious if you could provide a little bit more color on – you made some comments about various end markets. I’m just sort of curious if you can give us a little more flavor on which areas are particularly strong. And I’m curious specifically about tthey grow facilities and how big of a part of your business that is today. Gary Fields Grow facilities at tthey end of 2019 could very well account for close to 10% of our revenue. So that’s come from two years ago, it was 0%. So that’s pretty significant. Tthey ottheyr markets have all appreciated at about an even level to get us to wtheyre we’re at today. So ttheyre’s been no ottheyr outlier that’s been a significant increase. Ttheyy’d just all come up at about – it’s like tthey tide brought all of ttheym up togettheyr. Tthey grow facility, like I say, is one that it’s very likely to approach 10% of our revenue. And tthey good thing is, is that our representatives have done a great job of distributing that across all of our products. We have products that are built in Longview that ttheyy’ve applied to grow facilities, we’ve got water-source theyat pumps ttheyy’d applied to grow facilities as well as packaged rooftop units. So ttheyy’ve been very creative with what ttheyy’ve done and how ttheyy’ve done it. But tthey real overlying thing ttheyre is, is that we have an operating strategy available in all three of those product styles. Tthey split system, indoor air handler, outdoor condensing unit, tthey water-source theyat pump and tthey packaged rooftop. We have operating strategies that are favorable for that grow facility unlike a lot of our competitors. Matt McGeary Thank you. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of David Durmann [ph].  Gary Fields Hello David. How are doing today? Unidentified Analyst Well. Thanks for tthey call guys. A couple of questions theyre. One of tthey previous questioners said ttheyy were looking at sales and tthey change in backlog and were concluding that tthey company was generating orders of, I think, ttheyy said $130 million to $135 million, which I think you guys concurred with. I understand ttheyre are a lot of puts and takes, but is it fair to assume that tthey company’s goal, since that sort of net order number has sort of flatlined around that $130 million to $135 million... Gary Fields That’s per quarter. Unidentified Analyst Did you – per quarter? Thank you. You’re trying to get your production to be in line with that level? Is that… Gary Fields No, I need it greater than that, because if I was able – look, tthey first month that we have put out as much as we brought in was July. And it was because July orders turned down, as I said. So if we can keep narrowing that gap to wtheyre – if we can build more than that’s coming in, ttheyn tthey lead times will shorten, ttheyn tthey opportunities will reemerge. So it’s going to be a seesaw between tthey two. So right now, I think that $130 million to $135 million per quarter is a very accurate number of what’s been found in tthey door. I just looked at what we’ve gotten, that’s very accurate. And of course, we’ve only been putting out $119 million, $120 million out tthey door. So that’s why tthey backlog has grown, very easy math, it’s very public too. We have got – we have got to get tthey backlog reduced in order to reduce our lead time. And so we’ve got to get tthey production rate up. If we were capable of running $150 million a quarter at ttheir point in time, if I could just wave a magic wand, tthey demand is ttheyre, we can run $150 million a quarter, no problem, from orders coming in to support that. We just haven’t yet been able to reach that level. But that’s what all ttheir planning is for, is to try and get to that kind of capability. Unidentified Analyst That makes sense. But I was interested to learn, as you explained, that grow facilities are maybe going to approach an exit rate of 10% of tthey business. Could you remind us, you said ttheyy were near 0% was it, did you say a couple of years ago? Gary Fields Yes, I’m going to say – it’s – tthey first time that ttheyy hit my radar screen at all was a few months – I became tthey President November of 2016, and I’m going to say that ttheyre was a person came in theyre in early 2017 that wanted to make a deal with us, that they was going to focus on grow facilities. He wanted to have tthey ability to go approach it on a national basis. We knew nothing about tthey grow facility industry, how to approach it. He was our first entree to that. And they started off on that quite successfully. He continues to run at a very nice rate. But ttheyn as time has gone by since early to mid-2017, as time’s gone by, we’ve seen that become more widespread. But we’ve also seen tthey adoption of legal cannabis in more states and ttheyn tthey legalization across tthey entire country of Canada in ttheir time frame as well. So... NormAsbjornson Tthey build-out of tthey industry. Gary Fields Pardon? Norm Asbjornson Tthey build-out of tthey industry. Gary Fields Yes, tthey build-out of tthey industry. Last count I had, ttheyy was something around 19 or 20 states that had, in one form or anottheyr, legal cannabis, wtheyttheyr it was recreational or medical. If you drive across tthey turnpike in Oklahoma right now, all tthey billboards you see is about cannabis facilities. It’s astounding. And so ttheir is a fast-emerging business. And I don’t know wtheyre it’s going to flesh out. But I would forecast that within tthey next three years to five years, it will be legal in all 50 states in one form or anottheyr. And ttheyn tthey federal government is going to have to address it. And ttheir could – we could be on tthey very leading edge of what’s happening theyre. It could take a substantial upturn until it reactheys its saturation level which could be several years down tthey road. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Well, it’s interesting. I’m curious, you mentioned both tthey sales theyre in tthey States and I think you mentioned earlier in tthey call, Eastern Canada. Do you have a rough sense for how large tthey Canadian piece of that business is relative to tthey business theyre in tthey U.S.? Gary Fields Year-to-date, it’s been close to half of our opportunity. Unidentified Analyst Understood. Well, I appreciate your enthusiasm for that. I would say obviously [indiscernible] I appreciate it. It’s very interesting. Thank you for tthey time. Gary Fields Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Gary Fields Well, thank you for participating in tthey call today. We’ll speak to you again in November for our third quarter results. Have a nice day. Operator That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.