Aaon, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2019 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President & Director Scott Asbjornson - VP, Finance & CFO Carl Thompson - CAO & Treasurer Norman Asbjornson - Founder, Chairman & CEO Conference Call Participants Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Welcome to tthey AAON Fourth Quarter Full Year 2018 Sales and Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Gary Fields. Please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Now I would like to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Thank you. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2017. Net sales were up 7.9% to $112.3 million from $104.2 million. Tthey increase in net sales was tthey result of price increases made since November of 2017. Gross profit decreased 10.6% to $27.8 million from $31.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 24.7% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.8% in 2017. Tthey decrease in gross profit was due to production inefficiencies during tthey quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 17.9% to $11.3 million from $13.7 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales, SG&A was 10.0% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended compared to 13.2% in 2017. Tthey decrease in SG&A was primarily due to decreases in our warranty costs. Income from operations decreased 4.7% to $16.5 million or 14.7% of sales from $17.4 million or 16.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 24.0% from 9.6%. Tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017 lowered tthey corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. Due to ttheir change, tthey company remeasured its deferred tax asset and liabilities on tthey enactment date, which resulted in a $4.4 million benefit to our income tax provision in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, lowering tthey effective tax rate compared to tthey same period in 2018. Net income decreased 20.5% to $12.5 million or 11.2% of sales from $15.8 million or 15.1% of sales. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 19.7% to $0.24 per share from $0.30 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,421,000 shares versus 52,932,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey year ended December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2017. Net sales were up 7.1% to $433.9 million from $405.2 million. Most of tthey increase in revenues is due to our price increase from November 2017. Additionally, our part sales and water-source theyat pump sales continued to grow with increases of $6.4 million and $4.7 million, respectively. Gross profit decreased $19.9 million to $103.5 million from $123.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 23.9% in tthey year just ended compared to 30.5% in 2017. Tthey company has seen increases in its raw material pricing as well as having experienced elevated staffing levels that have caused production inefficiencies. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3% to $47.8 million from $49.2 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.0% of total sales in tthey year ended from 12.2% in 2017. Tthey decrease from SG&A is primarily due to decreases in warranty and profit-sharing expense. Income from operations decreased 24.7% to $55.8 million or 12.9% of sales from $74.1 million or 18.3% of sales. Now our effective tax rate decreased to 23.9% from 26.8%. As already mentioned, ttheir decrease was a result of tthey changes from tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Next, net income decreased 21.9% to $42.6 million or 9.8% of sales from $54.5 million or 13.4% of sales. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 21.4% to $0.81 per share from $1.03 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,668,000 shares versus 53,079,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I'll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Carl Thompson, for a discussion of tthey balance ttheyyet. Carl Thompson Thanks, Scott. If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see we had a working capital balance of $92.8 million versus $103.7 million at December 31, 2017. Cash and investments totaled $2 million at December 31, 2018. Our current ratio is approximately 2.9:1. Our capital expenditures were $37.3 million. We expect our capital expenditures for 2019 to be approximately $40 million. Shareholder's equity per diluted share is $4.70 at December 31, 2018 compared to $4.47 at December 31, 2017. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields, our President. Gary Fields So I'd like to discuss sales increases and tthey related impact. So we've had price increases November of '17, June of '18 and December of '18. What that has done for us is we do have an improving, throughout tthey year, opportunity on gross margin and net profit. So currently, snapshot taken today of our current backlog, I'll give it to you in percentage of how ttheir backlog sits with regards to our pricing. So we have 3% of our backlog that is prior to June 15 price increase. We have 47% of our backlog today on tthey June 15 price increase. We have 50% of our backlog today on our December price increase, and ttheyn we have anottheyr price increase coming theyre next week. So we are moving towards a better position with regards to our price increases and how we had lagged in tthey past on those. We were a little behind tthey curve from '17, but we're catching up. Now I'd like to talk about tthey water-source theyat pumps. Ttheir business is beginning to materialize as we envisioned a long time ago. It's been painstaking to make it happen. But some of tthey statistics are that in 2017, we shipped 2,485 units. That was a 2% market share in commercial, a 0.3% market share in geottheyrmal, giving a combined market share of about 1.3%. That was 2017. 2018, we shipped over twice as many units, 5,334 units. That was 115% growth over 2017. Tthey units sold were 21.2% of all AAON units sold, and ttheyy represented 3.8% of tthey AAON sales dollars in 2018. Anottheyr aspect to keep in mind is that 115% growth year-over-year in number of units, we're now on a pace to do that again. 2019 current production pace, as far as what's coming in tthey door and what's going out tthey door on water-source theyat pumps, illustrates to us tthey opportunity to double 2018 volume. Lead time is much improved. We got AHRI certification completed last year. A lot of ttheyse things are bringing ttheir theyat pump around like we had envisioned earlier. So it's now starting to take a course that resembles what we had charted. We are always redesigning products to make sure that ttheyy are at ttheyir utmost efficiency, both in cost efficiency to tthey customer, cost efficiency to manufacturing, and energy efficiency. Ttheyre's been a lot of development going on over tthey last few years that's beginning to manifest itself. We have several units now that are absolute top of tthey - ttheyy fit tthey bar with regards to energy efficiency. And with our new laboratory, some aspects of it online now and ottheyr aspects coming online over tthey next few months, we're able to accelerate that. Our replacement market versus new construction for tthey year 2018 remained at about 50-50. Our market segments didn't change materially, but ttheyre was a slight change. Manufacturing went from 16% down to 15%. Commercial went from 20% to 21%, so ttheyy kind of swapped a percent ttheyre. And ttheyn in our ottheyr category, which currently comprises about 6%, a good portion of that is data center. So we may be clearly identifying data center as its own pie segment because it's beginning to accelerate for us. I have spoken before about tthey indoor growth facilities commonly associated with tthey cannabis industry. That is anottheyr aspect of our business that has shown some reasonable growth to it and a lot of prospect for growth going forward. Tthey backlog at December 31, 2018 was $151.8 million versus $81.2 million a year ago, so an increase of 87%. If we were able to get personnel, tthey people that would take ttheyse units sooner than we're able to currently provide to ttheym, so we are working on many aspects of improving our onboarding and training processes. And we have seen a significant improvement in retention as a result of that, so we're beginning to experience a very slight theyadcount appreciation, which will turn into more accounts middle out tthey door. So looking at tthey outlook for '19, tthey water-source theyat pump, as I mentioned a while ago, it is now going out at a rate that is 2x what tthey aggregate rate for 2018 was. About 45, 60 days ago, I appointed a young woman named Whitney Wakefield to manage that entire production facility. Sthey is now dedicated to it instead of it being a shared responsibility across tthey plant. We've seen marvelous improvements in tthey organization and management as a result of ttheir personnel change and addition. Tthey laboratory is, as I said, it's somewhat beneficial to us now. It's about 20% of utilization at ttheir point. I toured tthey lab earlier today. Ttheyre's a very significant portion of tthey lab that is sctheyduled to come on stream April 1, and it looks to be on target to do that. We've already got units sctheyduled, substantial magnitude to be tested in ttheyre for customers. And so we're looking forward to that. With tthey backlog percentages that I gave, it seems more than obvious that gross profit has an opportunity to improve nicely ttheir year. And so I think we can look forward to that. CapEx for tthey year, we're looking at about 40 million. Some of ttheir is replacing worn-out equipment, some of ttheir is facilities improvement, and some of ttheir is a little additional manufacturing equipment capacity. We are not currently very active with tthey new site for tthey air handlers. We have kind of put that on pause, so that we can get our water-source theyat pump business on a more solid foundation and not diverting tthey attention. We do have some insignificant opportunities with regards to that air handler opportunity that we'll be doing in 2019, but it won't be anything material for ttheir year. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Norman Asbjornson, our founder and Chairman, CEO for some comments they'd like to make. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. I'm Norm Asbjornson, tthey founder of AAON, and I'd like to give you a summation of AAON's present position. AAON has, for 30 years, over that time period, had a compounded overall annual growth of approximately 10% per year in revenue and a compounded annual growth of 14% per year in profitability. However, in recent years, we have been doing less than ttheir. And thus, we've been focusing on making our product attractive enough to our customers to return to ttheyse theirtoric growth rates in revenue and profit. In tthey fall of 2016, Gary Fields, who just spoke with you, came in as tthey new President of tthey Company. He brought with them an astoundingly successful background of being in a sales operation in ttheir industry for 32 years. He understood very well what we needed to do to become more attractive to our customers and immediately set upon addressing ttheyse issues by theylping us correct those which were internal to AAON and replacing or training tthey sales force wtheyre necessary. Ttheir resulted in tthey outstanding improvement in sales orders which occurred in tthey second quarter of 2018, which virtually doubled our backlog. Simultaneously to ttheir, several ottheyr things were occurring. Our business climate improved considerably in 2017 and 2018, introducing inflation and lower employment rates. Simultaneously with ttheir, many senior managers who told me ttheyy would stay until I relinquittheyyd tthey presidency, started to retire. Ttheyse people were very skilled in various managerial levels within tthey company. While we plan ttheyir replacements, and had very capable people to take over ttheyir jobs, new people came with much less experience. So in tthey past two years, we have changed myself and many ottheyr managers in tthey 60-, 80-year range down to new managers in tthey 30- to 50-year range. We basically almost jumped a whole generation going down that far, but we got super good people that will take ttheir company to new theyights. Tthey 3% unemployment area which we find ourselves working in required considerable change in our methodologies. Many of ttheyse people had not been working in ttheyir life, or had been unemployed for considerable period of time. Thus, we went from introductory time to - from a few hours wtheyn bringing ttheym onboard to a full day of introduction. Due to tthey lack of recent work, we had to revise tthey way we managed ttheym for tthey few - first few days as ttheyy were not ready to work a whole day. Bringing ttheyse people onboard has required numerous ottheyr changes in how we bring ttheym into tthey workforce. We believe we have largely overcome ttheyse issues. And while it is not easy to deal with flat-out low unemployment rates, we feel comfortable in saying we know how to obtain tthey employees we need and we - how to teach ttheym to become productive employees. Due to inflation and tthey employment situation in tthey past two years, we have increased tthey across-tthey-board salary increases to personnel. For many years, we have been in tthey water-source theyat pump business and geottheyrmal markets with large complex products. We decided to enter tthey volume part of ttheir market, which is high in volume in 0.5 to 5 tons. We designed a technologically advanced product and spent considerable money doing ttheir and building a manufacturing capability in our company. Tthey manufacturing capability is very advanced, utilizing all tthey known metrics of automation, which we could find on a worldwide search. Ttheir gave us four virtually automated portions to our manufacturing line, all with different software systems. We had to integrate - ttheyse software systems into an overall software system which automated tthey conveyor portion of tthey line as well as controlling tthey parts and line-rate. We have spent tthey past two years teaching people how to run ttheir line, debugging tthey software and resolving ottheyr issues. Ttheir is largely behind us, and we are now producing small units at a level of $1 million per month, with continuing rapid growth in tthey future, limited primarily by our ability to teach all employees how to build tthey product. For 20-plus years of planning and evolving, we have built a new lab, tthey equal of which we do not believe exists anywtheyre in tthey world. We believe no lab is capable of casting over 100 tons of work comp units exists anywtheyre ottheyr than ttheir lab, which has capability to test to 300 tons - in ottheyr words, 3x anything we can possibly believe anybody has, we now have in ttheir lab. And perhaps even more importantly, ottheyr labs do not have tthey ability to do a performance test simultaneously with obtaining acoustical information regarding all elements of noise on tthey product. Ttheir lab has that capability. We are presently about, as Gary said, about a 20% operating point with rapid expectation of additional capabilities and being fully operational by tthey early part of tthey Fall. At ttheir point, ttheir has been a significant drag on our P&L. Tthey new lab has already brought in business, however, which we might not ottheyrwise have gotten. And as Gary mentioned, we are going to be testing a very important job in tthey lab within tthey next few months, and we probably wouldn't have gotten that job if we hadn't had ttheir capability, a very high profile job. We have just shipped a very high profile job, which we tested in tthey lab. Again, that one on West Coast and tthey one I just spoke of on tthey East Coast, so it's already starting to pay for itself. However, it has not brought any actual money in. It will however, have additional capability to bring in money from our customers who are willing to pay us to run certain tests and start creating an income stream, wtheyreas up until now, it has been strictly a cash input situation. Tthey information we create with ttheir lab is going to greatly enhance future products. Ttheyre are a number of ottheyr items of improvement in tthey redoing of existing products make ttheym more profitable and attractive to customers, which have been and will continue to happen as we go forward. Tthey low point in our transition of all ttheyse issues occurred in tthey first quarter of 2018 wtheyn we added more complex - add more complexity to it by giving $1,000 bonus due to tthey income tax change to every employee and ttheir totaled $2.4 million expense in tthey first quarter of 2018. In retrospect, tthey only area in which we have done something different had to do with tthey price increase timing and tthey size of tthey price increase input we put out in 2017. We've been playing catch-up ever since due to tthey enormous backlog of approximately four months' worth of production, which we presently have. Tthey price increases in tthey backlog have only begun to appear on tthey bottom line, as Gary enumerated to you. However, to kind of reiterate, we had a price increase in December '17, which was not large enough. And ttheyn we had one in June of 2018. We had anottheyr in December of 2018. And we ttheyn have anottheyr one in March of 2019. Thus, an analysis of our past quarters would find that tthey volume has started to increase more in tthey second quarter 2018 than tthey first, and again, anottheyr increase in tthey third and anottheyr one in tthey fourth. And tthey profitability likewise was increasing through those three quarters. We know we have a lot to do. We have largely done it and now we're waiting for tthey good results. Ttheyn my long-term effort to assure that ttheir company returns to theirtoric growth and profitability levels or higtheyr, I believe almost everything is done to make that occur. I thank you very much for your time. And now we'll open up to questions. Do we have our moderator? Operator Yes, sir. Norman Asbjornson Would you open it to questions, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. Joseph Mondillo I just want to start out by saying I'm in tthey airport right now. So if ttheyre's any noise disturbances, I apologize for that. But I wanted to ask about tthey gross margin. Given tthey - I appreciate actually, Gary, you sort of talking about tthey backlog ttheyre and in terms of tthey price increases. If 50% of tthey backlog is still on June 15 pricing or earlier, I was wondering, how did you achieve tthey 29% gross margins in tthey third quarter? Was that because of tthey steel that you bought way early in tthey year and now that you've already depleted that, that's why tthey gross margins ticked down so much sequentially in tthey fourth quarter? Gary Fields Okay. So first off, tthey 47% of tthey backlog is post-June 15, and ttheyn ttheyre's anottheyr 50% that's post-December. So third quarter - Norman Asbjornson 3% before? Gary Fields Yes, tthey 3% was before June. So a good portion of 2018, we built with only tthey 3% price increase on it. We began to get anottheyr 5% price increase, which went into effect in June, but due to tthey backlog, it really didn't start to show up until very late in tthey third quarter. It began to manifest itself a bit in tthey fourth quarter, but at tthey same time, we started running out of some of tthey less expensive materials. Ttheyy ran out at end of tthey third quarter, and we started to get tthey more expensive materials utilized in tthey fourth quarter. So ttheyre was some offset of that price increase. Tthey ottheyr thing about fourth quarter that weakened it a bit was just some labor inefficiencies that are - that you can easily attribute ttheym to holidays, but those happen every year. Ttheir year, I think one of tthey things that seemed, I won't say visibly apparent, but somewhat apparent was we ran our people very, very hard all through tthey year. Because we normally, we have a little turn-down in tthey fourth quarter as far as demand. We didn't have a turn-down, and ttheyse people hadn't have vacations. So we had probably an inordinate number of people that were gone, so we just couldn't produce as much. We had as much as 24% of our factory workforce that were gone on vacation at periods of time in tthey fourth quarter. So we just didn't get tthey revenue we needed to dilute tthey fixed overtheyad. I think that was charted in one of tthey material things [Technical Difficulty] Joseph Mondillo Okay. So sticking with tthey sort of tthey price-cost situation, in terms of wtheyre you are in pricing and wtheyre you are in steel pricing, because I know steel pricing that you've realized in cost of goods sold has ramped up through tthey fourth quarter. Wtheyre are you on that cost-spread relative to tthey cycle? Do we start to improve gross margins on a price-cost basis starting in tthey first quarter? Or is it more later in tthey year? Gary Fields Yes, it's already happening, Joe. See, fourth quarter, we didn't have full implementation of that June price increase. We only enjoyed it for part of tthey fourth quarter. So first quarter would - like we said, we've only got 3% of tthey prior to June backlog yet to build. It's pretty inconsequential. So everything we're building in tthey first quarter, with small exception, it is on that June price, which offset a good bit of ttheyse price increases on materials. So I think we'll have a slight improvement in Q1. And ttheyn in Q2, we'll be building somewhat of tthey December priced material - December-priced work orders. And so we've got anottheyr 5% of appreciation on that with no real strong theyadwinds on material or salaries beyond what we'll see in tthey first quarter. It's pretty much all based [indiscernible]. Joseph Mondillo Okay. Okay. And ttheyn I - and ttheyn on productivity, ttheir has been a challenge for many quarters now. It seems to be sort of a bolzo situation. Could you sort of give us your thinking on wtheyre we are with labor and just overall operational productivity? Is ttheir going to be a 4 to 8 quarter kind of an improvement type of thing? Or do you think you can achieve theirtorical productivity levels in a matter of a couple of quarters? Give us your idea ttheyre. Gary Fields Well, my production control people are pretty confident that ttheyy can achieve that within a couple of quarters. We began to make some significant changes in our onboarding, training, recruiting process probably - what would you say, Scott, mid-third quarter? Yes, they's agreeing with me, about mid-third quarter. Scott Asbjornson Right around tthey end of November. Gary Fields Right. So we started seeing - we went from a retention rate of new hires within tthey first 30 days being - what's tthey math on 134 out of 500, that's like 15%? I don't know. Here let me do tthey math for you real quick. We had a 26% retention rate on people that we hired at one snapshot back in tthey summer. And we've changed that to a 90% retention rate for that same 30-day snapshot most recently. So our onboarding and training procedures have really shown improvement. That being said, one of tthey ottheyr things we were doing, because our retention rate was so low, we were bringing so many people in theyre to try to and make-up for that, and ttheyy were disrupting us. Well now with a 90% retention rate over ttheir 30-day period of time, we don't have to bring as many people in to get an accretive theyadcount - and that accretive theyadcount. So it's been much less disruptive. So I believe that first quarter, we're going to see some production improvements due to that. Second quarter I think will be more production improvement. And ttheyn like I said, ttheyy're telling me that over a couple of quarters with ttheir new procedure in place that we've had for a few months now, that ttheyy believe we'll have an accretive theyadcount that will be an effective theyadcount as well. Joseph Mondillo Okay, great. Last question for me, on tthey revenue side of things, backlog is up more than double at tthey end of January. Your lead times have doubled, which make me - leads me to believe that your volumes are increasing a lot, which is why you're putting ttheyse price increases on. So with volume up and your pricing obviously aggressively coming up, is ttheyre any reason that we should not expect revenue growth rates should be much higtheyr in 2019 than in 2018? Gary Fields It will be absolutely higtheyr in 2019 than 2018 for all tthey reasons you just cited. You're 100% correct. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman. Brent Thielman Gary or Norm, I'm trying to kind of parse out in tthey actions AAON has been taking to sort of gain some market share. And obviously you've got a huge backlog that continues to grow. Could you talk a little bit about just tthey demand environment? Outside of that, I mean what do you theyar back from people on tthey ground, maybe just even through your core units? You mentioned data centers, ttheyse indoor growth facilities, but what about kind of tthey more traditional non-residential end sectors? Norman Asbjornson Well, you mentioned ttheyre, we basically, and Gary went over it with you, we started working seriously on trying to improve our customer satisfaction several years ago. And we were gaining a lot of strength. And one of tthey reasons that Gary was brought into tthey position is I consider them maybe tthey preeminent person in tthey commercial business with knowing how to satisfy customers, they had a long theirtory of highly successful sales, not only personal, but they was a partner in what is now our largest company Texas Air, in Texas, with offices in Dallas, Fort Worth, Austin, San Antonio and Houston. And during their tenure from tthey time they started working as a salesman until they was kind tthey lead partner, tthey company evolved from about 10 people to over 200 people and went from $7 million, $8 million in sales to up in $200-some million dollars in sales and has continued. So wtheyn they sold out to take retirement, and I started working to try and bring them into tthey company fold again and getting back to tthey working world, they finally came back because they is a very competitive person and wtheyn they decided to retire, didn't have a lot of competitiveness to it. So they's back onboard full time. And as you see, ttheyre is - it's not by accident that shortly after they came back in, and I said, instead, that they came back - came to work as President in fall of 2016. And by tthey early part of 2018, we were doubling our backlog. A lot of that had to do with them bringing in a lot of knowledge of little, small things that we weren't paying as much attention to or hadn't resolved, and they's got ttheym resolved. And ttheyn they also went out and changed out some of our weaker sales offices. And they implemented a training course, which has been very successful, we in fact have about 20 people in place right now. We have ttheym in, every couple of weeks, we have anottheyr group that we're training our existing sales force. So all of ttheir has been geared toward making a happier customer base, and that's been across tthey board. It's been all of our business has been benefiting from ttheir. Product is more satisfactory to ttheym, tthey way we treat ttheym, with tthey exception of tthey lead time. And we are very honest with ttheym and telling ttheym that, so we're losing orders right now because of our long lead time. We understand that thoroughly, but we also understand that ttheyy're trying to adjust because ttheyy want to buy our equipment and ttheyy're accepting ttheyse long lead times and not canceling orders. Wtheyn ttheyy give us tthey order, ttheyy know it's long lead time, yet we try very diligently to meet that long lead time or improve upon it. So it's just - we're just a better company with a better product than it was not very long ago. And that's what's bringing tthey customers in. So it's no particular area, tthey customers at all, no particular industry or anything else. It's across tthey board. Brent Thielman Okay, okay. And ttheyn you doubled water-source theyat pump units in '18 over '17. And it sounds like you think you could do that again in '19. I understand... Norman Asbjornson Gary just told you, and we're quite certain of - I feel very comfortable with what they said. Gary Fields Yes. Tthey January production rate and tthey February production rate right now is on - if you annualize that, ttheyn we are double what we did in 2018. And we have no believe - no reason to believe that it's going to weaken. In fact if we can stay pace with production and beat lead time, continue to beat lead time, that's one place that we've improved. A lot of source theyat pumps, we have let ttheym get out a few weeks longer than we wanted, while we were getting some of ttheir production line streamlined and vetted out. And now we're meeting ttheyir expectations and we've actually shortened tthey lead time on those. We announced a one week improvement about a month ago, and we've been staying right on target with requested dates versus shipped dates. So I think tthey only throttle to our water-source theyat pump business is getting ttheyse people in and training ttheym so that we can produce more. It's not that - we can get tthey sales in tthey door, it's a matter of what we can get out. And as I said, right now, we're running at 2x tthey production rate than we did on tthey aggregate of 2018. Brent Thielman Okay. But Gary, I think ttheyse units have different price points. I think in '17, you did what, 9 million in sales and a little over $15 million of sales in '18. So should we translate --if you're going to double it in '19, could we translate that to something like $25 million in sales? Gary Fields Yes, that's what our targets are. Yes, Brent. Brent Thielman Okay. Okay. And ttheyn if you guys get ttheir lab fully up and running and utilized - I fully understand it's theylping you from an orders perspective - could you remind tthey direct revenue opportunity I guess you're hoping to get or realize from that facility? Gary Fields Well tthey direct revenue, it's going to start off a pretty small percentage. Ttheyre's three significant activities for ttheir laboratory. One is virtually every piece of equipment we manufacture is subject to some sort of AHRI certification program. And AHRI as a maintenance to that program, ttheyy pull a certain quantity of your units of each category annually. While it's just prudent that you have those - that you're constantly run-testing those units to make sure that ttheyy're meeting your certification requirements. So that's one aspect to ttheir lab. One aspect to ttheir lab is an R&D function in developing product, and that's about equal to tthey proof-of-concept. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr 1/3 use of tthey lab is ttheyse projects such as what we described earlier wtheyre we, as part of tthey sales process, we include some laboratory testing. But we do charge for those services. We're not yet sure if we're charging appropriately for ttheym because we haven't done enough of it, but we're - definitely got income stream for about 1/3 of tthey activity out ttheyre. So we're not doing ttheyse tests for free. But again, I don't know until we run tthey lab for a little while and can see what's under ttheyse costs or how to amortize ttheym and distribute ttheym, to know for sure, are ttheyse profitable that we're doing? Or are ttheyy more of a sales tool and sales concession? At ttheir point in time, I'd have to categorize ttheym as a little bit of both, a little bit of income and a little bit of sales cost. Brent Thielman Okay. I guess, last one for me. Scott, it looks like SG&A kind of came back to tthey levels you've been looking for, didn't see any larger warranty expenses. I assume that's all behind you theyre. Scott Asbjornson Yes, we believe so. Gary Fields Thank goodness, and it took long enough. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Gary Fields We thank you for listening, and we'll talk to you again soon. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.