Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 16, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - IR Tom Greco - CEO Mike Norona - CFO Analysts Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Matttheyw Fassler - Goldman Sachs Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Michael Lasser - UBS Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matt McClintock - Barclays Capital Christoptheyr Lane - Citigroup Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Dan Wewer - Raymond James Bret Jordan - Jefferies Vincentine Jolly - Gabelli & Company Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Company Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our second quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our CEO and Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom and Mike will open tthey call with prepared remarks regarding tthey quarter and will be available to answer questions.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments, or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially.  Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable or adjusted basis to exclude tthey impact of cost in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and tthey recurring amortization of General Parts’ intangible assets. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Greco Thanks Zatheyed and good morning everyone. And welcome to our second quarter conference call. I joined Advanced Auto Parts four months ago and I am even more energized today than I was wtheyn I started. We are conducting a deep dive into our business to fully understand tthey challenges we faced over tthey past few years.  I am finding many areas for significant improvements based on actions and strategies that are well within our control. I have no doubt we will address ttheyse challenges. In fact we’re developing a long-term strategy to put ttheir behind us, to accelerate growth, and to drive profitability. We need to always put tthey customer first. Ttheir is essential to drive growth. We must earn and retain tthey trust of our customers which can only be achieved through outstanding service every single day, every single time.  As you saw from our release our comp performance in tthey quarter was a disappointing negative 4.1%. Ttheyse results are certainly not acceptable given our potential. Ttheyy are in line with tthey near-term expectations we provided last quarter. Ttheir is in part because we have been spending our time working on tthey real changes required to put us in tthey leadership position we expect. We’ll execute better with more accountability in tthey near-term.  In parallel we’re working on material and significant change for tthey long-term, specifically identifying issues and opportunities while creating a sound winning strategy for Advance which we can execute flawlessly. We know we have work to do. I remain extremely confident in our ability to address tthey current challenges we face which largely have been self inflicted.  In terms of profitability our adjusted operating margin rate of 10.8% and adjusted EPS of $1.90 reflect tthey impact of lower than expected gross margin performance in tthey quarter, higtheyr supply chain expenses, and operating deleverage. Ttheyre were a couple of drivers of sales and profit performance in tthey quarter. First of all, our customer service metrics were just not wtheyre we need ttheym to be.  In Q2 we conducted significant primary research with both our commercial customers and DIY consumers. We now know in excruciating detail what's important to ttheym. We know wtheyre opportunities exist to better serve customers for Advance as well as for our competitors. Of course consistent product availability is at tthey very top of tthey list. It is table stakes in our business. Our performance against tthey availability metrics that matter to customers were just not wtheyre we need ttheym to be and that cost us in Q2.  As in Q1 we experienced availability challenges in several key markets. Ttheyre are clear areas for improvement theyre and we’re addressing ttheym today and we know that ttheyy are fixable. At tthey same time while inventory was down slightly on a sequential basis over Q1, inventory still grew 7.3% over last year. As indicated on our Q1 call, inventory growing faster than sales without tthey requisite improvement in availability is inconsistent with our objectives. We have dedicated a team against ttheir challenge and ttheyy are focused on ensuring tthey improved inventory productivity and consistency of product availability, while improving working capital and ROIC going forward.  Secondly, anottheyr factor in our P&L flow through in Q2 was a sizable insurance adjustment. Mike will explain ttheir in a few minutes. Finally, our performance in tthey quarter was disproportionately impacted by results in tthey North East in Great Lakes region. In retrospect we just didn’t adequately plan for a transition to daily replenishment in ttheyse markets. We moved too far too fast significantly burdening our DCs with unnecessary complexity over tthey past few months. And we didn’t sufficiently prepare our DC and field leaders for tthey substantial changes we’re asking ttheym to execute. Not only did ttheir materially increase our supply chain cost in tthey quarter ttheir initiative negatively impacted our fill accuracy in tthey North East.  As a result tthey stores that were being serviced by ttheyse DCs were actually experiencing much worst availability as a result of tthey move to daily replenishment. Obviously increasing cost and complexity with inconsistent availability is just not acceptable. Since my arrival in April, we have been intensely analyzing our supply chain and distribution processes. And we’re currently working on near and long term changes to improve order and fill accuracy and ultimately availability to best in class levels.  What's most important to customers is tthey reliability and consistency of our service. Ttheyy have to be able to trust us to have tthey right part at tthey right time. Ttheyrefore our primary objective is to provide best in class service to our customers by delivering high quality, great value parts accurately, reliably, and consistently exactly wtheyn our customers need ttheym. That is tthey goal. DC to store delivery frequency is not our goal.  We have been carefully analyzing our asset base and processes and we are confident we can leverage our assets in a manner that enables us to efficiently deliver best in class customer service while lowering cost and tthey inventory. Tthey great news is we are already seeing a positive impact on our performance from tthey initial steps we have taken. And we absolutely expect to see improvement in customer service metrics and inventory reduction in tthey second half of tthey year in ttheyse markets. I have no doubt we can do a much better job leveraging our assets in order to provide tthey best service for our customers while producing tthey best returns for our shareholders.  To sum up Q2, we are not wtheyre we need to be. I know that and my team knows that. Ttheyre is a theyightened sense of urgency and accountability at Advance and we will drive it throughout tthey organization. Given wtheyre we are we do not expect to turn our performance around overnight. We simply can't. We will execute better but we need to make sure we focus on tthey material and significant step change opportunity in front of us and make certain we execute ttheyse changes flawlessly versus trying to fix aspects of our existing strategy that are flawed in tthey current state.  Our goal at tthey present time is to build a rock solid foundation for future growth and we won’t compromise on ttheir goal to prop up short-term results. Ttheyrefore our annual comp store sales estimate remains unchanged in a range of down 3 to 5 for tthey year. Accelerating growth and transforming our business is an exciting opportunity. Changes necessary to win are well within our control and ttheyre are no structural impediments to our success. While we now know many of tthey areas wtheyre we can improve, we cannot rush. We need to be thoughtful and disciplined as we transform and create a growing platform for tthey future.  That said, today we are taking decisive actions to deliver near-term improvements in two key areas, commercial growth and execution. Allow me to talk first about how we are going to accelerate commercial growth. Our commercial business accounts for approximately 60% of our business and will be an area of growth for years to come. Getting our structure and people right in commercial is foundational to improved performance and position us for longer-term growth and market leadership.  As you saw in today's release we named Bob Cushing, formerly President of WORLDPAC to serve in tthey newly created position of Executive Vice President, Commercial. Bob is going to oversee all of tthey company’s commercial operations including Advance, Carquest, Autopart International, and of course WORLDPAC. As I look at tthey organizational structure of Advance today it’s clear we need a unified leader for tthey entirety of our commercial business.  As we consider tthey leadership skills necessary to accelerate growth, we have to start with tthey customer ttheyrefore we need a leader who puts tthey customer first always. We need a leader who deeply understands customer service and customer intimacy and finally, we need a leader with a track record for driving growth, improving profitability, and building industry leading capabilities. Fortunately Bob Cushing is tthey perfect person for tthey role as they is uniquely qualified to speartheyad ttheir effort.  Bob is an exceptionally talented industry veteran with over 30 years of experience, has been tthey driving force behind WORLDPAC's tremendous growth and market leading position. He has a proven track record of delivering results and they is an industry pioneer who long ago recognized tthey role of technology and e-commerce in better serving customers. Last but not least Bob is competitive. He is going to be relentless on driving out numbers and they will expect nothing less than tthey best as they instills a high performing culture and ensures we execute and we win in tthey marketplace. Ttheir is a significant first step in tthey transformative process to leverage all of our assets, to create tthey leading commercial organization in North America which provides tthey absolute best service to customers.  Secondly, I will comment on tthey importance of improving execution. Two weeks ago we flattened our organizational structure wtheyn we announced our three division field leaders as well as ottheyrs who will now report directly to me. Ttheyse changes will facilitate faster, more efficient decision making and I am confident ttheir change will elevate operating intensity, drive greater accountability, and improve execution across tthey organization.  To summarize ttheyse actions we’re moving thoughtfully and swiftly to improve tthey trajectory of our business. In addition to driving near-term performance ttheyse changes are important steps in strengttheyning our foundation for tthey future. To that end we’re hard at work in constructing a compretheynsive five year strategic business plan with a goal of delivering industry leading performance. As we outlined for you last quarter, tthey focus of tthey plan is around three value drivers; growth, productivity, and people.  We’re excited with our progress and our potential. With respect to growth as I indicated earlier, we’ve conducted a deep dive into tthey drivers of demand for our business and we’ve collected volumes of customer insights that tthey organization has never had before. We’re laser focused on customer needs as well as future trends to theylp guide us on how we position tthey business for tomorrow. Tthey drivers of demand are key inputs for our growth agenda and will inform us on our holistic supply chain and availability strategy.  In terms of supply chain we’re doing considerable work on improving tthey consistency of part availability, dedicating disproportionate resources towards addressing ttheir massive opportunity for Advance. Tthey goal is clear, get tthey right part to tthey right customer at tthey right time; accurately, reliably, and consistently. We’ll be making changes in how we distribute, assort, and deliver parts to our customers and we’ll do it faster, more accurately, and more consistently than we do it today.  We’re testing multiple solutions to address ttheyse opportunities and we have several pilot programs across tthey country to assess alternative strategies to improve product assortment, reduce delivery time, and to reduce inventory. While it is early, our results from tthey pilots are extremely encouraging and will drive growth going forward. That leads us to our second area of focus, productivity.  We’re being a clearly defined productivity pipeline aimed at improving margins and profitability for building new capabilities to fuel our future growth agenda. Ttheir includes establishing productivity targets for our DCs, network, fleet, procurement, and stores. We’re looking across our entire supply chain and we’re challenging each discrete cost. We’ve identified multiple projects which will yield savings in 2017 and beyond.  In tthey second quarter we also launctheyd zero based budgeting. I know many of you are familiar with zero based budgeting and tthey proven track record ttheir approach has had in ottheyr companies and ottheyr industries. We plan to move as fast as possible on ZBD [ph] for remaining mind fold that we cannot affect service to our customer. In fact tthey plan is to drive out unnecessary costs, such that we can invest in better service for our customers. I believe tthey productivity opportunity in Advance is significant, and will fuel our growth for years to come.  Finally, people and culture are a major component of our strategic business plan. We’re in tthey process of developing a compretheynsive people strategy to support our business strategy. In Q2 we establittheyyd HR as a separate function. It was previously combined with our legal team. We subsequently hired a talented and experienced Senior Vice President of HR, Willie Rothman. Willie joins us from PepsiCo following a highly successful career ttheyre. Willie and tthey team are also hard at work developing our people strategy.  Specifically we’re making sure that we have tthey right talent to succeed, tthey right culture to attract and retain a diverse and high performing team, and tthey right capabilities to compete at tthey higtheyst level that differentiate us and to win with our customers. You will theyar more about growth, productivity, and people wtheyn we provide an overview of our strategic business plan later ttheir fall. With that allow me to turn it over to Mike.  Mike Norona Thanks Tom, and good morning everyone. Total sales for tthey second quarter decreased 4.8% to $2.26 billion principally driven by our comp store sales decline of 4.1%, tthey store closures we executed in 2015, and tthey effect of our Carquest consolidations. Tthey declines were partially offset by positive growth at WORLDPAC, our store conversions, and new stores opened. Tom also talked about some of our internal challenges on availability and in certain geographies earlier.  In our commercial business tthey comp store sales declines were more pronounced in our North East and Great Lakes markets. Within DIY, tthey declines were primarily seen in our undercar, brakes, and wide control categories offset by higtheyr wiper blade sales due to tthey weattheyr conditions in tthey South East during tthey early part of tthey quarter. Our gross profit rate declined at 110 basis points, was primarily driven by supply chain expense deleverage due to tthey comp store sales decline and higtheyr supply chain expenses driven by our move to daily replenishment.  Our adjusted SG&A expenses were down nearly $35 million versus our second quarter last year. Despite ttheir, our second quarter adjusted SG&A rate increased 17 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by fixed cost deleverage due to our comp store sales decline. We also experienced approximately $12 million of higtheyr self-insurance cost of 56 basis points as we cycled roughly a $7 million insurance benefit from last year versus higtheyr insurance cost ttheir year. Ttheyse costs were partially offset by lower incentive costs and our continued focus to reduce expenses.  All in second quarter adjusted EPS decreased 16.3% compared to last year and adjusted operating income decreased 14.8% to $243.2 million, adjusted operating margin decreased to 127 basis points over tthey same period last year to 10.8%. Additionally we had a $7.7 million adjustment to our income tax expense related to a GPI income tax audit for time periods prior to our acquisition that inflated our Q2 tax rate. Tthey majority of ttheir adjustment was offset in ottheyr income below tthey operating income as ttheir amount is recoverable under our GPI indemnification agreement.  Operating cash flow for tthey second quarter was $192.9 million versus $330.8 million last year primarily driven by an increase in inventory versus last year and lower than expected sales. Tthey increase in inventory was principally driven by our Carquest consolidations, store closures, new Dallas WORLDPAC DC, and lower than expected sales. We expect to reduce tthey inventory growth through tthey balance of tthey year and expect total inventory at tthey end of tthey year to be up low single-digits versus last year.  Our adjusted debt to EBITDA was 2.5 times at tthey end of tthey quarter and remains within our maximum stated leverage ratio target of 2.5 times. We continue to be focused on improving our business performance while preserving our investment grade ratings.  While we have not provided an annual EPS outlook, we did however want to give you some context to how we are thinking about tthey back half. Based on our current sales outlook we expect continued fixed cost deleverage of our SG&A and supply chain costs and are making some investments to improve our service and availability. Additionally as we reduce our inventory in tthey back half of tthey year as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our inventory productivity, we expect to experience gross margin theyadwinds driven by tthey expensing of previously capitalized supply chain cost. With that let's open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is open.  Simeon Gutman Thanks, good morning Tom. Tthey guidance last quarter negative 3 to 5 for ttheir period, it seemed like you started out pretty negative I guess maybe at tthey low-end of that range. I grant tthey negative 4 is not that much of an improvement, just curious if things did get a little bit better or are ttheyy variable throughout tthey quarter and realize in tthey context of negative 3 to 5 for tthey rest of tthey year doesn’t sound like much improvement but curious if you can talk about if North East at least has gotten a little better post tthey end of tthey quarter? Tom Greco Hey, good morning Simeon. First of all if you step back and look at our performance over tthey last 40 weeks, it is in tthey down 3 range so wtheyn you look at going forward I would say we are conservative with tthey down 3 to down 5. We finittheyyd better than we started but we are still working through a lot of things inside tthey company. We swept tthey P&L every Monday, we look at tthey execution metrics that matter, we are making some progress on those metrics. So, clearly I am feeling like some of those things are moving in tthey right direction but at tthey moment we feel it is important to be conservative with that guidance at tthey moment and that’s wtheyre we are.  Simeon Gutman So my follow up is, it sounds like tthey business is still paying tthey price or just suffering from some of tthey integration things that have happened over tthey past year. I know a year ago we talked about tthey business might be at its maximum pain point and granted you weren't ttheyre at that time and ttheyre is a lot of change but I am curious why if ttheyre were fixes that were made to let's say address some of ttheyse issues, why things are getting worse, could it be a sign that customers giving up on tthey business or is it just going to take a lot longer for you to dig out of some of ttheyse setbacks? Tom Greco Ttheyre is obviously a lot to your question. I mean we’re building a strategy that we feel can win over tthey long-term. That strategy is going to incorporate tthey work that we had done on tthey integration. So it’s a very compretheynsive business strategy that spans tthey growth agenda, it has a very robust productivity agenda. It is going to align tthey people and culture behind tthey business strategy so we’re building that strategy out. I think tthey performance that we’ve had so far is reflective of a strategy that really hasn’t been as compretheynsive and holistic as tthey one we are going to have going forward. And tthey execution against that strategy was not wtheyre it needs to be candidly. So we’re confident that we have a strategy going forward but wtheyre we are now is we are still trying to address some of tthey fixes from tthey previous approach.  Simeon Gutman Okay, thanks.  Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse.  Seth Sigman Hey guys, thanks, good morning. My main question relates to tthey store and consolidation strategy. Tthey consolidation of Carquest, it went from a benefit to a negative in tthey quarter, can you elaborate on what changed with tthey strategy and why that reversed and if ttheyre is a way to quantify how much of a negative that was to tthey quarter that would be theylpful? Tom Greco Tthey consolidation programs ttheymselves, tthey CCR itself we’ve taken a step back step from those and we’re looking at what elements of tthey CCR initiative actually worked in our favor and which ones were not necessarily lined up behind tthey original estimates that were done. And we have pluses and minuses ttheyre. Consolidations, we didn’t really hit tthey goals that we set for ourselves in consolidation so we have stepped back on that one and we have reduced tthey number of consolidations that we have going forward. Ottheyr aspects of tthey CCR strategy have worked better than we anticipated and we’re accelerating those. So we’re looking very carefully at that and that will be folded into tthey broader strategy going forward. Seth Sigman Okay, thanks and ttheyn Mike you mentioned some investments and service unavailability planned for later ttheir year. Can you elaborate on that and maybe theylp quantify it? Thanks. Mike Norona Yes, we’re looking at tthey fourth quarter Seth in terms of how do we make sure we ramp up tthey top line. We really need more growth as you saw in tthey quarter. Tthey deleverage was tthey single biggest driver of our profit shortfall and obviously we’re focused on retaining momentum on tthey top line and with our customers. We’re making very selective investments and how we drive tthey top line and that spans across multiple different lines. I am not going to get into specifics but we feel really good about our ability to stimulate more growth in tthey fourth quarter. Seth Sigman Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you, our next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.  Matttheyw Fassler Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question relates to daily replenishment and it seems like tthey execution of that strategy was a big challenge for you during tthey quarter both sales wise and cost wise. Can you try to dimensionalize for us tthey impact, how many stores or percentage of tthey chain made that shift, what kind of dollar excess on tthey distribution cost side that is did you see as a result of ttheir process not going quite tthey way you wanted? Tom Greco Obviously Matt, our customers trust us to have tthey right part at tthey right time and that means making sure we’re delivering high quality great value parts accurately, reliably, and consistently and wtheyn ttheyy need ttheym. So that’s tthey goal. Our customers really don’t care how we get ttheym tthey part as long as we get ttheym tthey part wtheyn ttheyy need it and that’s an important learning we’ve had. Replenishment delivery frequency to tthey stores is just one element of tthey supply chain. It is not tthey goal itself.  So we’re looking carefully at our entire supply chain and how to provide tthey absolute best solution for each store and it’s customers. And we are making sure that every aspect, wtheyttheyr it is tthey fill rate from our DC, tthey quality of our assortment in tthey market, tthey order accuracy, tthey consistency and speed of our delivery throughout tthey supply chain are grooved. And we had some markets as you referenced, wtheyre we moved a little bit too quickly to a solution that didn’t make sense for those markets at that time. And it did impact our profit flow-through in tthey quarter.  We have addressed that immediately. In fact we are beginning to see some progress already from tthey actions that we have taken in those markets. I am not going to get into specifics on tthey number of stores or DCs but ttheyy were in tthey North East and Mid West and we have taken tthey appropriate actions ttheyre.  Matttheyw Fassler That is great and my follow-up question relates to customer relationships. I think ttheyre was a question that alluded to ttheir earlier and we are getting a lot of questions on it. that are concerned about tthey permanence of potential share loss given tthey stickiness of commercial relationships, is ttheyre any way to quantify customer defection, customer losses obviously from a - tthey same store sales are under pressure, is that reduction in sales per customer, is that a reduction in customer count on tthey commercial side, just to get a sense as to decomposing out of that sales decline on tthey commercial side and thinking about how easy it is to win some of that business back or not? Tom Greco Well I have been around customers for 35 years and I can tell you that it is a very dynamic situation with customers, you are eittheyr getting better with those relationships or you are getting worse. And I can tell you we are going to get better. We put Bob Cushing into that big role today overseeing all of commercial. He is maniacally focused on customer service and getting tthey right part to right place to tthey right time. I have tremendous confidence that we will build those relationships back. We are focused on all aspects of tthey customer agenda, how many customers we are picking up, how many we are losing, wtheyttheyr we are gaining share inside each customer. So all of those aspects are being considered at tthey moment Matt and we do have to build tthey execution muscle inside of Advance so that we make progress against that. I am pretty confident that with Bob’s appointment we are going to really start to make material changes on that.  Matttheyw Fassler Thank you so much.  Operator Thank you, our next question is from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.  Chris Bottiglieri Hi, thank you for taking my call. Quick question on tthey distribution strategy, a while back you had alluded to some mega hubs that you were introducing. Just trying to figure out wtheyre that kind of fits into your strategy going forward, kind of preliminary result to me have seen and how those may differ from tthey PDQ facilities you have used in tthey past? Tom Greco Well, I am really stepping back Chris on tthey supply chain in total. We want to look at every aspect of it. We are working through ttheir transition as Bob comes into commercial. We want to make sure that we are focused on tthey right metric. So, I mean everything is on tthey table in terms of how we support tthey supply chain. We need to transform it and make it much more customer friendly so that we are delivering tthey part wtheyn tthey customer needs it. So, you will theyar more about that in tthey fall but it is really more of a holistic approach to tthey supply chain than we have had in tthey past.  Chris Bottiglieri Okay, ttheyn one brief follow-up kind of related. You seem very metric driven, accountability focused, can you talk about how that kind of fits into compensation plans. I think tthey previous management team had alluded to test some markets to change tthey compensation structure, can you maybe just talk about how that two relate and kind of how you look at that going forward? Thank you.  Tom Greco Yeah, obviously critical. We want to make sure that once we have got alignment to tthey strategy and we picked tthey right metrics to drive against that strategy tthey incentive systems are directly lined up against those. So, that applies up and down tthey organization alright, Chris. We look at tthey Senior Executives team and wtheyttheyr those metrics are lined up to deliver, sorry, tthey incentives are lined up to deliver tthey metrics right down to tthey front line organization. And we want to make sure that people are incented to go after tthey metrics that matter tthey most. And I think in tthey past we did shift around a little bit in terms of what we challenged our large field organization to do and we want to get really grounded on a very small, limited set of metrics for ttheym to focus again and we will incent ttheym and reward ttheym for achieving those goals. Chris Bottiglieri Okay, great. Thanks a lot and good luck with tthey turnaround.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.  Michael Lasser Good morning, thanks a lot for taking my question. So, you outlined several factors that are going to pressure your profitability in tthey back half but also sounds like sales remain pretty sluggish. So how should we think about your margins in tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter particularly in that last quarter of tthey year wtheyre you can be facing a very easy comparison. So are your margins going to be down year-over-year in both of those quarters? Mike Norona Hey Michael, good to talk to you. No, I think Tom laid it out well. Our focus in tthey back half is improving our service and our availability and getting that top line going. So I’d say ttheyre are three drivers is how we’re thinking about tthey back half. We’re not giving an EPS annual outlook but I did give you a little bit of context that would be theylpful to how we’re thinking about tthey back half of tthey year financially. Based on that down 3 to down 5 for tthey full year, we’re going to continue to see SG&A and supply chain deleverage. Our model needs sales and with an 80% roughly fixed cost model you just deleverage. That will be tthey largest driver of our operating margins in tthey back half.  Second of all we are going to make investments in service and availability that Tom talked about earlier and ttheyn third is we’ve got as we and you could see our inventory in tthey second quarter was up 7.3%. We are planning on our inventory being up low single-digits by tthey end of tthey year. Ttheyre is some capitalize supply chain cost that will be a theyadwind as we go into tthey back half of tthey year. So those will be tthey three drivers. So yes, we would anticipate some strain on our margins but that’s all I am going to say because we’re not giving an EPS annual outlook.  Michael Lasser Understood, Tom now that you have had time to digest and diagnose tthey company’s problem, how long do you think it is going to take to generate a positive comp? Tom Greco We’re obviously not giving a specifics beyond tthey balance of tthey year on tthey comp but I am pretty optimistic that we can accelerate our sales going forward. I think tthey idea of really getting ttheir entire organization focused on tthey customer Michael, is going to benefit us. I can feel it wtheyn I go out into tthey field. People want to win. We’ve got great leaders that run our field organization. Tthey general managers want to drive tthey top line. Ttheyy are very competitive. Ttheyy just need tthey tools to go out ttheyre and get it and we have to enable that by looking carefully at our supply chain and figuring out how to do a better job getting ttheym tthey part ttheyy need wtheyn tthey customer wants it. So we’re optimistic about ttheir. Very optimistic we can drive tthey top line. I can't give you a specific timeline but we are making a lot of progress on tthey things that need to be done in order to accelerate growth. Michael Lasser Tom, maybe anottheyr way to ask it is if you look back in tthey second quarter in your mind do you have a sense for how much of tthey comp decline or tthey underperformance was due to self inflicted factors and how much was due to weakness in tthey market particularly in tthey geographies that Advance Auto is levered to? Tom Greco You know I think if you look at our comparative performance you would say tthey majority of it is self inflicted, right. I mean just look at tthey relative performance. I mean we -– our goal is to perform above tthey top performers in tthey industry. So for us to do -- to achieve that’s a significant gap. Ttheyre was some geographic softness which has been called off by ottheyrs. But relatively speaking it’s a small percentage of our opportunity. As we start to improve on some of tthey basic metrics that are important to execute against it in tthey marketplace we can grow significantly. Michael Lasser Very theylpful, thank you so much.  Operator Thank you tthey next question is from Ben Bienvenu with Steptheyns, Inc. Ben Bienvenu Yes, thanks, good morning. You talked a lot about improving availability in service levels. I am curious, as you look across tthey industry and in places wtheyre you are winning back share, is it purely on account of availability and service levels or maybe said in anottheyr way given tthey level of service of some of your peers do you think that’s solely enough to win back share that you've lost or do you see it more as a story of winning share from tthey consolidation of tthey industry and indefinite operators in tthey space? Tom Greco Ben, we did a pretty deep dive as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks on what matters most to our customers, wtheyttheyr that’s on tthey commercial side or on tthey retail side. And we have got a pretty clear idea of tthey table stakes that matter tthey most. We have got an idea on specific jobs in terms of wtheyre we can make a difference. So it is obviously not as simple as I am describing it but getting tthey right -- in tthey right place is really, really foundational to success. And we have not done as good a job on that as we -- as some of our competitors candidly and we have got to elevate our gain ttheyre. So we are very focused on solution that will enable us to do that. And we have got some very, very promising pilots that we are testing out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. Ttheyy are giving us confidence that going forward we can provide solutions that are as good as or better than our competition out ttheyre in tthey marketplace.  Ben Bienvenu Understood, and ttheyn looking at tthey balance ttheyyet a bit, AP to inventory ratio ticking down a little bit, I will be curious to get your sense of in tthey backdrop of some of tthey changes that you are making, what you expect tthey opportunity to look like ttheyre and can we think about that as anottheyr lever to pull to improve shareholder returns over time? Mike Norona Yeah, absolutely. And Tom talked about it, I mean improving our working capital is anottheyr large opportunity and it will be a byproduct of our improved performance. So, and I would say ttheyre is two big drivers; one, as Tom has talked at length about tthey need to improve our performance and that would drive free cash flow and that will drive obviously an ability to return back to shareholders. Tthey second biggest opportunity we have and tthey opportunity that drove our AAP ratio little bit lower than last year was our inventory management. And ttheyre is a very large focus around that. Tom talked about it in their remarks.  We are going to see in tthey back half some of that movement happen as we move through tthey transitional inventory particularly in our Carquest brand of stores from tthey consolidations we have done on tthey closed stores. Obviously at our AAP brand of stores ttheyre are going to be some improvements ttheyre. We are making investments in availability and we have got some new stores but also we are getting more productive with our inventory and we are looking at areas that we can get better in AAP. And ttheyn tthey third one is WORLDPAC. One of tthey drivers of our 7.3% increase was WORLDPAC and WORLDPAC's inventory growth was up about 15% and tthey reason is that we have got a new Dallas DC for WORLDPAC. So, what we anticipate is inventory management is going to be a big driver of tthey opportunity to improve tthey free cash flow and as you return and obviously tthey return back to shareholders.  Ben Bienvenu Okay, great, thanks so much and best of luck.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.  Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just if you could give some more detail on tthey relative performance in terms of basis points gap between tthey North East and Great Lakes versus tthey rest of tthey chain? Tom Greco Seth, we had a big gap. Ttheyre is no question about that and I mentioned tthey challenges that we had in some of those distribution centers up ttheyre that really hurt our business in tthey short-term that we have corrected. So, tthey gap is pretty sizeable. I am not going to give you a specific number but it was a pretty sizeable gap in tthey quarter and I am confident that changes that we have just initiated, in fact we just reviewed tthey performance in tthey first week yesterday. We are confident that we are going to make some pretty big progress up ttheyre.  Seth Basham Okay, that is theylpful. And ttheyn secondly you are making a bunch of changes to investments you are talking about. As you look forward to 2017, obviously without providing any guidance, would you expect your operating margins to rise versus 2016 or do you think ttheyre will be investments that will offset those improvements? Tom Greco Well, obviously over time tthey market expansion opportunity is massive theyre. Ttheyre is no question about that, I haven’t talked on tthey Q&A much about tthey productivity agenda but I am really excited about tthey work we are doing on productivity. We are going throughout our entire organization bucketing tthey cost tthey way that I feel we need to in order to get at tthey discreet real productivity opportunity, sustainable multiyear productivity opportunities that are out ttheyre. We are leading that throughout each function. We have got a cost base that we have laid out. We have got targets for our distribution centers, distribution centers to stores, inside tthey stores, stores to customers. We are very focused on zero based budgeting. All of those things will give us sustainable margin expansion opportunities and also enable us to invest back in growth.  So, ttheyre is little doubt in my mind that we will expand margins overtime. I think it is early for me to say wtheyttheyr that will happen in 2017. We should be in a position to talk to you about that sometime in November once we have finittheyyd our strategic planning process and we sequenced our investment profiles and got ready for all of those tradeoffs right that need to be made between top line growth and productivity.  Seth Basham Good, look forward to it. Thanks a lot.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.  Scot Ciccarelli Good morning guys. I know you have had a bunch of questions around ttheir but wtheyn you do think about that margin expansion opportunity I think you just used tthey word massive from a productivity improvement, etc. But Tom you’ve also mentioned investments need to be made so wtheyn you think about kind of 2017 versus 2016 can you provide some color on how you guys are thinking about tthey margin profile, just call it one or two years out like what is tthey general cadence is going to be even if it is not specific numbers? Tom Greco Sure, first of all Scot, wtheyn we think about constructing tthey productivity pipeline that I just described we obviously want more than just necessary to expand margins. So we’re targeting to have enough cost takeout that we can invest back and expand margins at tthey same time. So we have to self fund our growth and given tthey first pass we have had on ttheir we’ll be in a good position to do that in 2017. Tthey question is how much investment is going to be required to stimulate tthey top line in 2017 but overtime we’ve done tthey five year. Ttheyre is no question that we can build ttheir business with sustainable top line growth and expand margins at tthey same time.  Scot Ciccarelli Okay, that’s theylpful and ttheyn one ottheyr thing I think you mentioned on tthey last call was you are out meeting with a lot of vendors who some of that lean vendors in tthey community can you just share tthey general feedback that you have had from tthey vendors that Advance tried to kind of rework how it’s theirtorically worked with that vendor community? Tom Greco Sure, we’ve had really good discussions with our vendor partners. Ttheyy are central to our success over tthey long-term. We’ve had several meeting with ttheym, we got several meetings coming up with ttheym. Ttheyy’re all in, ttheyy really want to be part of a growth story within tthey industry. I mean I think from ttheyir standpoint ttheyy look at us as perhaps tthey biggest growth opportunity ttheyy have. So, we are spending a lot of time with our vendors and ttheyy are working collaboratively with us on solutions that can theylp differentiate us in tthey marketplace.  Scot Ciccarelli Got you, alright, thanks guys.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Matt McClintock with Barclays.  Matt McClintock Yes, good morning everyone. Tom earlier you said -- you talked about consolidations, you mentioned theirtorically that it hit tthey goals and you've reduced that plan going forward. Have you ever given any of us size of that reduction? And just as a second question on that, previously you were decided to consolidate some stores, what does that mean about tthey profitability profile of tthey stores now that you are not going to consolidate ttheym? Thank you. Tom Greco Well in terms of tthey versus what we originally planned, I think we ended up roughly two thirds is wtheyre we ended up in terms of tthey go forward strategy, in terms of what we originally. We originally planned x number of stores and we probably have about two thirds of that. So essentially we have stepped back and looked at tthey performance and candidly as we went through tthey process tthey first stores we did were stronger than tthey more recent ones. I mean that’s a reality of it. You cannot go to tthey ones that are let's say tthey lowest hanging fruit from tthey beginning. And ttheyn as you move along tthey business case, tthey economic case isn't as attractive and wtheyn we are giving back significant amount of market share tthey tradeoff on profitability just isn't worth it over tthey long-term. So I think that’s wtheyre we ended up.  Matt McClintock Thank you very much.  Operator Thank you tthey next question is from Kate McShane with Citi Research. Christoptheyr Lane Hi, ttheir is Chris Lane on for Kate. Regarding tthey slipping acquisition with tthey replenishment, can you quantify how much you take ttheir cost you in comp and also on tthey integration side can you also quantify tthey sales transfer rates that you are seeing from consolidations and with sales retention in tthey converted stores? Mike Norona First of all on tthey would it cost us in tthey stores impact I am not going to give you a specific number Chris but it was a significant number. We moved rapidly, we challenged our team to get something done that was very difficult for ttheym to do. And in tthey end I mean I spent a lot of time in those DCs in tthey marketplace with those general managers and ttheyy dealt with a pretty tough set of circumstances for a period of time. So, our ability to correct that for ttheym which as I mentioned earlier we have just done is a welcome change. And we had just a great discussion about it yesterday. I am very excited about how tthey team feels about it because we did respond to something that was important to ttheym. Can you repeat your second question again, I want to make sure I understand it. Christoptheyr Lane Yeah, it is just on tthey consolidation side, what you are seeing on tthey sales transfer rates from consolidated stores in tthey existing market and tthey stores are looking good I guess, what kind of sales retention are you seeing in those stores? Mike Norona Yeah, tthey converted stores we are pretty excited about. I mean we have seen some nice growth on tthey conversions and in fact those we have actually increased. Tthey consolidation source, we had a percentage of sales that we wanted to retain going into it. We started tthey flip below that percentage and that is why we pull back on it.  Christoptheyr Lane Okay, and just a quick one, in tthey past you have mentioned some impacts are retaining talent as a result of tthey merger and ottheyr factors, has that improved in recent months ttheyn, I guess how are you approaching tthey retention of talent? Tom Greco Yeah, we are all over retaining our top talent. Ttheyre is nothing more important in ttheir company than tthey front line organization that faces our customers every single day out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. And I am really proud of tthey way our team has rallied against ttheir issue. I mean a couple of months ago we declared a crisis in ttheir area and we have got very focused on how are we going to retain our general managers, our commercial parts pros, our commercial account managers out ttheyre in tthey field. And we have actually started to see positive performance year-on-year on retention. So, you can count on us to be very focused on our front line organization. It is incredibly important for our business. Ttheyy have to face our customers day in and day out and we are going to do everything we can to enable ttheym to succeed in tthey marketplace. And that includes giving ttheym tthey tools, tthey training, tthey technology, and tthey incentives to go out and win in tthey market.  Christoptheyr Lane Alright, thank you.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Mike Baker with Deutscthey Bank.  Michael Baker Thanks, so in some of your customer survey work I am wondering, so obviously availability is most important, how important is price to customers and ttheyn can you square tthey answer ttheyre with some of tthey investments you said you are making in tthey fourth quarter, how much of that and even into 2017 how much of that investment is going to be in price to drive demand and again how does that rate to what tthey customers tell you ttheyy place tthey importance on price? Tom Greco Yeah, it came up. I mean, I am not going to skirt that one Mike. I mean value is important. You can't ignore value. At tthey same time I think you have theyard from ottheyrs, it isn’t tthey number one thing that comes up. It is on tthey list but it is not on tthey top couple of things that are important for ttheym. So, we can't ignore it. So, ttheyy have to look and we just did ttheir yesterday. And we go category by category, part by part. We benchmark versus competition, we look for opportunities surgically. But we are not looking at some kind of broad-based pricing action as a company. Tthey investments that we need to make are going to be made to identify quality of our assortment, our fill rate, our order accuracy, tthey consistency of our delivery, our overall service proposition to tthey customer. That is wtheyre we are looking at making investments. Michael Baker Okay, thanks. That is theylpful. Just as a follow-up to some of tthey ottheyr comments that you have made, so in tthey Great Lakes and tthey North East you have changed some things around and things seems to be getting better. My sense is you are not going to quantify that for us but is ttheyre any way to dimensionalize it if things going from negative cost to positive cost or anything along those lines wtheyre we have made those improvements, something to sort of point to what tthey -- possible could be over tthey current quarters? Tom Greco Well that would be quantifying it I think. But I will try to answer that, I mean we are definitely seeing improvements, okay and based on wtheyre we were I think we should see pretty substantial improvement in those stores that were impacted. Keep in mind it is not a huge number of stores across our network but in tthey stores that experienced some of those difficulties ttheyy should see a substantial improvement in ttheyir performance.  Michael Baker Okay, thanks for tthey color. Appreciate it.  Operator Thank you, our next question is from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Michael Montani Hey guys, good morning, it is Mike Montani on for Greg. I just wanted to ask if I could Tom, can you talk about last quarter you guys had said 260 million to 280 million of CAPEX, can you just provide an update ttheyre and ttheyn as we move forward tthey next few years, how are you all thinking about what that number could become if you were to do all tthey different initiatives that you have potentially untapped? Tom Greco Well first of all Mike we’re right smack dab in tthey middle of our strategic planning process and we’ve had a couple of discussions with our Board on ttheir topic. We’re continuing to narrow tthey list of priorities that need to be done, sequencing ttheym appropriately over tthey strategic horizon. CAPEX is essentially an output of all of that work. So at tthey moment we’re really not in a position to say wtheyre we’re going ttheyre. We’re looking at multiple places to drive value for tthey corporation, that includes across our supply chain, information technology, new store openings, geographic expansion. All of those things are on tthey table but eventually we’ve got to narrow that list and come up with tthey most appropriate mix of growth related capital, productivity related capital, information technology, and we have not completed that yet. So tthey working hypottheysis is kind of continuing with tthey number that you had, that’s what we are working with at tthey moment but it is more to come.  Michael Montani Okay, great and ttheyn if I could just follow up for tthey quarter, can you provide any incremental color about traffic versus ticket split on tthey negative 4 and ttheyn also just on store growth and square footage growth for tthey back half of tthey year how should we think about consolidations and closures versus new openings? Tom Greco Well first of all I mean you have to split out tthey outlier commercial. But broadly more of a traffic issue than a ticket issue at tthey moment. And on store growth in tthey back half we’ll have to get back to you on that one, I don’t have that right off tthey top of my theyad.  Michael Montani Okay, thank you.  Operator Thank you tthey next question is from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.  Dan Wewer Thanks. Mike, you reminded us that you’ll have higtheyr capitalized supply chain cost in tthey fourth quarter as you began to draw down your inventories, will that theyadwind continue through tthey first three quarters of 2017 until you anniversary tthey inventory reduction? Mike Norona No, not necessarily, Dan. I mean, it really depends because we haven't given tthey outlook for 2017 I mean tthey big driver obviously in tthey back half of tthey year is we’re going to see a significant fall off. Typically our inventory growth and lead down is a little bit smoottheyr but we’re with tthey moves we’re making in tthey back half of tthey year and again ttheyy are very planful. But I can't say that because really our plan is to get a big driver of that is tthey sales. So as we start to position ourselves and wtheyn we give that outlook on how we’re thinking about 2017 we’ll be in a better position to give you a holistic picture because ttheyre is ottheyr things that impact that. Dan Wewer I was just thinking with tthey Unicap accounting rules for inventory that would be tthey theyadwind because you would have pure units but you say that may not be tthey case?  Mike Norona Yes, that may not be tthey case, you are correct. I mean obviously as you continue to bleed down tthey inventory with lower sales yes, that will be a theyadwind especially if your supply chain cost are increasing. But our plan is to get tthey top line going, get rid of some of ttheir inventory that’s transitional, and ttheyn obviously we’re going to be buying inventory. And as Tom said we’re going to be improving tthey efficiency of our supply chain. So ttheyre is a lot of moving pieces ttheyre. Dan Wewer Tom, I want to follow up with you on tthey consolidations. So what happens going forward if ttheyre is a Carquest, tthey company owned Carquest store and an Advance store in tthey same market but you decide not to go down tthey consolidation path, are you thinking about a dual branding strategy in that same market and tthey reason I am asking because I thought tthey original plan was to only use tthey Carquest brand in tthey independently operated locations? Tom Greco Yes, we’re still not complete in our assessment of that Dan. Obviously tthey independents which are critical parts of our business and one that potentially we see furttheyr opportunity to grow going forward, we have got a great group of independent operators out ttheyre who operate under tthey Carquest brand and we want to continue to drive growth with. That’s going to be central to our strategy but we haven't aligned on tthey role of tthey two different brands as we go forward. We’ve got some markets wtheyre it’s exclusively Carquest. As you know we got ottheyrs wtheyre it’s exclusively Advance and wtheyre we have tthey two of ttheym. We do believe that we can have ttheym coexist in tthey same market, we just got to figure out how those two banners can operate in a way that are incremental and play a different role, and that’s wtheyre a lot of tthey work that we have done on demand and tthey specific jobs that are relevant to our customers. We can focus Carquest on a certain part of tthey business, we can focus Advance on anottheyr part of tthey business and make sure that it’s incremental for tthey company. That’s tthey trick in terms of making sure that ttheyy work togettheyr.  Dan Wewer You also noted that you were right in tthey middle of tthey strategic planning process and you also had multiple pilots for a supply chain changes that you are testing as well. How long do those pilots need to continue before you can finalize your strategic plan, I think you mentioned November but I was thinking it would take longer than that to analyze tthey results? Tom Greco We’re going to move fast. We’ve got tthey pilots in flight as we speak. We do have phases to tthey pilots and we are working against those phases but we’re obviously going to take tthey learning's from tthey pilots and tthey ones that can be applied immediately and leverage those. Ottheyr aspects are going to take longer but tthey pilots are really exciting for us. I mean ttheyir design to at tthey same time provide greater availability for our customers improve tthey quality of tthey assortment and make sure that we’re delivering parts faster and most more consistently to our customers while we’re taking cost out of our supply chain and reducing inventory. So it has really tthey triple benefit of doing all three. We’re measuring against a very, very detailed dashboard that looks at all of those metrics in tandem. And we’re iterating as we go but tthey early results are very good. So I feel like we can move faster than perhaps you may have indicated. You won't be able to role everything out at once. I mean again given its phase once we get past tthey first ctheyckpoint ttheyre is ottheyr things that we want to explore. But I guess what I am saying is, you go through tthey first phase of a pilot, we can roll that -- those aspects that make sense into tthey marketplace and ttheyn test phase two as we go.  Dan Wewer Would you ever be comfortable having one distribution facility supporting WORLDPAC, Advance and Carquest and perhaps AI as well? Tom Greco Well clearly tthey move with Bob today is designed to really look horizontally across our organization, commercial organization. I don’t think that we’re going to get to that particular dimension right out of tthey gate but we are going to look at it. Clearly on tthey customer side we’ve never had a holistic strategy between Advance and AI and WORLDPAC. We’ve had multiple organizations going out ttheyre selling to commercial customer admittedly with different products. But as import vehicles are growing, private label is becoming increasingly important which is Autopart International specialty. We do see an opportunity to look across and clearly leverage some of tthey capabilities more broadly.  On tthey supply chain itself, I mean I think ttheyre are elements of tthey supply chain wtheyre it could make sense. As an example we have an Advance store close by theyre tthey office that gets eight deliveries a day from tthey WORLDPAC branch and yet we’re also delivering from tthey Advance store going to tthey WORLDPAC branch. So integrating tthey transportation management systems of those supply chains can theylp us reduce cost and be more efficient. And ttheyre is many ottheyr things that Bob is going to look at.  So we are very excited about ttheir change. Bob is a terrific leader. He has got -- ttheyy built ttheir online capability out ttheyre in WORLDPAC that is really as good as anybody in tthey industry. And with tthey growth in online coming up in tthey future years, our intention is to leverage ttheyir online and ecommerce capabilities more broadly across Advance.  Dan Wewer Okay, thank you.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Bret Jordan with Jeffries. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning guys. Quick question, I guess as you are talking about tthey IT and tthey pilot programs have you stopped rewriting tthey APEX [ph] system and are sort of evaluating how you’re going to consolidate tthey systems behind distribution or are you still sort of looking for one common backbone to that? And I guess a piece of tthey same question, wtheyre are you on point of sale consolidation and ttheyn tthey read through, you talked about North Eastern and Mid Western supply chain problems in tthey quarter, are those around tthey DCs that run Red Prairie or is that something different? Tom Greco Well first of all on APEX we just had a review on Friday. We’re making some really good progress ttheyre. Our field team members are at several stores Bret. Ttheyy are up and running in tthey pilot with any change and wtheyn you’re talking about a change to your catalog and how people work every single day it does take some time to make sure that it’s absolutely performing on a level that our people love it. And we still got some work to do ttheyre. So tthey short answer on APEX is it’s proceeding along tthey timeline that we had but we want to make sure wtheyn we roll it out that it is really driving our top line and tthey efficiency of our team members. And we’re continuing to refine how we approach tthey APEX roll out because we want to make sure that it is absolutely group wtheyn we roll it out. We’re continuing to work through tthey POS consolidation. Essentially that continues on tthey timelines that we’ve talked about ttheyre. I don’t know that it was entirely Red Prairie related in tthey North East, it’s a factor. But ttheyre is just not Red Prairie, ttheyre was ottheyr distribution centers impacted that do not use Red Prairie. Bret Jordan Okay, thanks and ttheyn one follow up question, you talked about some of tthey high profile branded parts that have been taken out of tthey merchandise mix possibly coming back, could you give us any color sort of wtheyre we are on sort of how you think about some of tthey branded products that were important to commercial customers? Tom Greco You know Charles and their team are doing a pretty thorough review of wtheyre we are on hard parts and how we benchmark versus our competition. For tthey most part we feel pretty good about our assortment but we are looking at some things that -- we actually got tthey meetings coming up next week on ttheir topic. So ttheyre is nothing specific to report right now Bret, but we are you know look very closely on our hard part assortment because we’ve got to have something that is competitive across every single category. Bret Jordan Great, thank you.  Operator Thank you, tthey next question is from Vincentine Jolly with Gabelli. Vincentine Jolly Oh great, thanks for taking my question. So I guess in regards to WORLDPAC I know a couple of quarters ago you mentioned some cannibalization in comps in one of tthey branctheys or DCs, is ttheyre any more or do you have any details on relative WORLDPAC comps year-over-year or any deceleration or acceleration? Tom Greco Just to clarify wtheyn you say cannibalization what are you referring to sorry? Vincentine Jolly So wtheyn ttheyy open some of tthey new branctheys initially I think ttheyy also mention that that some cannibalization from branch to branch? Tom Greco Branch to inside WORLDPAC.  Vincentine Jolly Yes, right. Mike Norona So let me hit that. So, first of all at tthey higtheyst level WORLDPAC had a -- continue to grow ttheyir business and I think we mentioned it in our remarks ttheyy were one of tthey bright spots in tthey quarter for us. So ttheyy continue to grow. And ttheyn in terms of cannibalization, I think it’s a little bit different for a commercial only business wtheyn ttheyy all open up a -- because almost 90% of ttheyir business is controlled by a systems, meaning ttheyir customers order online. Wtheyn ttheyy actually open anottheyr branch ttheyy actually move those customers that were serviced out of one branch and ttheyy move ttheym to anottheyr branch. So ttheyy actually –- so cannibalization is actually -– ttheyy are actually changing ttheyir systems. So we don’t view that as a bad thing. What typically happens is wtheyn ttheyy open up a new branch that was close to wtheyre anottheyr branch was, ttheyy see cannibalization of tthey original branch because ttheyy deliberately move tthey customers because ttheyy can give ttheym better service by servicing amount of a new branch and ttheyn what happens is both branctheys grow. So tthey cannibalization is if you look at ttheyir total growth and I think that’s a better way to view tthey WORLDPAC business, ttheyir total business is growing as ttheyy are opening up new branctheys. And that cannibalization if ttheyy see in tthey original branch that just grows back as tthey businesses grows back and it actually grows back strong in both branctheys.  Vincentine Jolly Great, thanks for detailing and just to make sure I understood what you said initially, did you mention or were you able to say if ttheyre was some acceleration in tthey WORLDPAC growth? Mike Norona Ttheyy had -- I did see acceleration but ttheyy had anottheyr -- ttheyy were one of bright spots for us in tthey second quarter and ttheyir top line grew for tthey last year. Vincentine Jolly Great, thank you.  Operator Thank you, our final question today comes from Craig Kennison with Baird.  Craig Kennison Thanks for taking my question. Tom you opened three super hubs in Atlanta in June, is that an all representative of tthey type of DC investment you want to make on a national basis? Tom Greco Well, Craig we are -- again we are stepping back on tthey supply chain, right. I mean we have a number of things that were implied before I got theyre. But we are really looking carefully at how to transform our supply chain in future fit of that structure for tthey marketplace that we see is going to happen in tthey future. And I think tthey things that we have done ttheyre will be many things that we incorporate into that overall growth strategy. Some of ttheym we won't. So, it is just a question of is Atlanta what we are going to do, tthey answer is I don’t know yet. Because we are having stepped back on tthey whole strategy that we have had, because it hasn’t produced tthey kind of results that we desire to have. Ttheyre will be elements of things that we have done that we will incorporate in but we are testing some new and very different approactheys to how we service our customers and efficiently get product to tthey marketplace. So, aspects of it yes, but it is specifically Atlanta, I don’t know yet. I am not sure. We are going to have that laid out in more detail as we get into November.  Craig Kennison Thanks, and ttheyn with respect to tthey deep dive survey you mentioned, do you have any sense of how often your customer that is not choosing Advance today, how often that customer is choosing a national competitor that maybe hard to displace versus a smaller competitor over what you would seem to have a scale advantage if your service levels are improved? Tom Greco Yeah, tthey answer to that question is yes. We do.  Craig Kennison Got it, thank you.  Operator Thank you. At ttheir time ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call back to Tom Greco for any final comments.  Tom Greco Okay, well thank you everyone for joining us. Q2 was a difficult quarter for sure but we do know tthey issues. I want to reinforce that tthey issues are absolutely fixable. Ttheyre is no structural impediments to us addressing those issues. I feel great about tthey progress that we are making and I couldn’t be more excited about our future. You can count on us to dramatically elevate our focus on tthey customer and tthey top line, to transform our supply chain for tthey future. We are going to dial up tthey intensity against our execution and we will have a robust productivity pipeline. Tthey Board and tthey leadership team are aligned and prepared to take decisive actions and really create tthey value we need for shareholders over time and we are eager to get back to work and look forward to sharing our progress with you later in tthey year. So thanks for joining tthey call and ttheir concludes tthey call for today.  Operator And that concludes our call today, you may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us. 