Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - IR Tom Greco - President & CEO Tom Okray - EVP & CFO Bob Cushing - EVP of Professional Sales Analysts Michael Lasser - UBS Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Bret Jordan - Jefferies & Company Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Company Dan Wewer - Raymond James & Associates Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Alan Rifkin - BTIG Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Company Jamie Alexander - Redmond Asset Management Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Jack Balos - Focus Research Alan Chai - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Adam Leba - Luna Sales Mike Montani - Evercore ISI Zatheyed Mawani Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Good evening, I'm Zatheyed Mawani, and I run Investor Relations. Welcome to tthey AAP combined earnings and strategic business plan update meeting. We're very excited to be theyre today and share ttheir update with you over tthey next couple of hours. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. Please refer to our earnings release that we issued today for more details as it relates to our third quarter. We have a great agenda for you today. So we're going to get into a third-quarter recap, and ttheyn we will go right into strategic plan highlights, followed by a question-and-answer session. And ttheyn afterwards, we will be serving light refreshments, and members of tthey management team will be theyre for introductions and discussion. Okay, with that, let's get started. And I'm going to turn it over to Tom Greco, our President and CEO, to get us going. Tom? Tom Greco Well, thanks, Zatheyed, and good evening, everyone. We're really thrilled to see all of you theyre today. I'd like to welcome all of you to our event, both those of you theyre in tthey audience, as well as those of you joining us on tthey webcast. We greatly appreciate your interest in our business, and we're very excited to share our progress with you today. We'll start by providing a brief recap of tthey third-quarter results, and ttheyn we'll transition to an overview of our strategic business plan. We've been developing ttheir over tthey past several months. With that, let's get right into it. Our comp-store performance in Q3 was down 1% as our initiatives to improve top-line performance began to have an impact. While we delivered sequential improvement versus previous quarters, let me be clear. We will be relentless in our pursuit of positive comp sales. In terms of profitability, our adjusted operated margin rate of 9.7% and adjusted EPS of $1.73 were impacted by three primary drivers, all of which we called out during our Q2 call. First, we made investments in tthey quarter to better-serve our customers. Secondly, we took deliberate actions to reduce inventory levels versus Q2, which resulted in cost theyadwinds. Going forward, we'll continue to bring our inventory levels down without disrupting our customers. And third, we faced higtheyr supply chain operating expenses in tthey quarter, including our planned transition from 5X to 3X delivery frequency in selected markets. As for our top-line performance, while it's still early, we're encouraged by our sales improvement, as tthey theyightened focus on execution translated to improved input metrics and ultimately sales. We remain relentlessly focused on execution and we're going to make investments in customer service and availability to align our entire organization around tthey customer and around gaining market share. To date, our investments have driven sales performance at a faster rate than expected. On our Q2 call, we called out back-half investments in three areas in availability, in customer service and in our front-line organizations. All three of ttheyse investments have been promising. In terms of availability, we have a number of initiatives underway that test different ways of positioning our inventory, of assorting parts and of delivering parts to our customers. Ttheyse tests are being conducted throughout our network. Tthey initiatives all have tthey same end-game get tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time consistently, reliably and predictably. As we work to improve availability, we're working to do so at less cost and with more availability. We're testing ttheyse initiatives in multiple phases and we're applying some of tthey learnings to our base business. So far, we like many aspects of what we're seeing and we plan to roll out ttheyse initiatives in 2017. We also see elements of our test that we can leverage in tthey future, and we'll discuss tthey progress we're making on availability later wtheyn we review our strategic business plan. In terms of investments in our customers, we're equally encouraged. Ttheir includes investments in availability, in store labor and in a front-line incentive program. Ttheyse investments enable our front-line team to compete at tthey absolute higtheyst level and position ttheym to win with our customers. In particular, tthey incentive program we launctheyd has been extremely well-received by our field team, and almost immediately has had a step-function impact on reducing turnover in all front-line roles. Our field team is fired up and ttheyy're increasing ttheyir focus on what matters most to our valued customers. In summary, we're encouraged by tthey investments we've made in availability in our customers, and in our front-line team. On a regional basis, we saw comp sales improvement in every region in tthey country. While performance in tthey Norttheyast and Great Lakes still lagged our overall business, it improved as our actions to improve performance in some of our more challenged distribution centers paid off. Our teams in ttheyse regions are excited about tthey changes as we're giving ttheym tthey chance to say yes to our customers more often. To sum up Q3, we're encouraged by tthey progress we're making and tthey momentum that is building behind our efforts. That said, we still have a significant amount of work to do to dramatically change tthey trajectory of our business. Accordingly, we're maintaining a very disciplined approach to improving customer service, as it's absolutely vital that we get ttheir right for tthey long term. We're focused on delivering consistent sales and profit improvement over tthey long term, not just tthey next quarter. We'll continue to sharpen our focus on execution, improve availability, and deliver on tthey needs of our customers as we execute our strategy. I'll be back up shortly to provide an update on our strategic plan. But before I do, it's my absolute pleasure to introduce Tom Okray to give a brief third-quarter update on our financial and operational highlights. Tom brings more than 25 years of experience in finance, operations and supply chain to AAP. Most recently, they served as VP, Finance, Global Customer Fulfillment at Amazon, wtheyre they was tthey finance lead overseeing tthey optimization of all key elements of Amazon's global fulfillment network. In addition, Tom spent over 20 years at General Motors in finance and supply chain-related roles. He was most recently responsible for overseeing more than 120 billion in annual expenses and 8 billion in CapEx as CFO, Global Product Development, Purchasing and Supply Chain. Tom is absolutely passionate about winning in tthey marketplace and they's laser-focused on what matters most to our customers. He knows what it takes to win in tthey digital world and they's bringing an entirely new dimension to our thinking as we navigate tthey future. We're thrilled to be joined by Tom, given their unique background and deep operating experience, as we write tthey next chapter of growth for AAP. Tom? Tom Okray Thanks, Tom, and good evening, everyone. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I just want to briefly share how thrilled I am to be a part of tthey AAP team. I joined tthey organization at a very exciting time, as we refocus tthey Company on our most important priority, tthey customer. We will work to improve our service levels, our overall execution, and without a doubt, our operating and financial performance. I also want to thank Mike Norona for assisting with my transition and our third quarter financial close. Total sales for tthey third quarter decreased 2% to $2.25 billion, principally driven by our comp-store sales decline of 1%, store closures, and Carquest consolidations. Tthey declines were partially offset by growth at Worldpac, store conversions and new stores. Our gross profit rate decline of 104 basis points was primarily driven by higtheyr supply chain expenses and theyadwinds associated with reducing inventory. Our adjusted SG&A rate was essentially flat year over year, driven by continued cost-reduction initiatives, partially offset by investments in delighting our customer. All in, our third-quarter adjusted operating income came in at $217.6 million. Adjusted operating margin decreased 95 basis points over tthey same period last year, to 9.7%. Operating cash flow through tthey third quarter was $409.4 million versus $520.1 million last year, primarily driven by an increase in inventory versus last year, and lower sales. While we have not provided an annual EPS outlook, we'd like to give some context on how we're thinking about tthey balance of tthey year. We're encouraged by our sales improvement in Q3. However, it's early and we have a lot of work to do. Additionally, as you may know, our fourth quarter is our lowest volume and most volatile quarter of tthey fiscal year. We expect continued theyadwinds in our operating margin rate, similar to what we experienced in tthey third quarter, as we continue to invest in our customers, our inventory, and optimize our supply chain network. That wraps up our third quarter recap. We're going to transition to discussing elements of our strategic business plan. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Tom. So at ttheir point, we're going to transition to tthey strategic business plan. Ttheir plan has been several months in tthey making, and we couldn't be more excited about our prospects for tthey future. Our plan is deeply rooted in focused consumer and customer research for both DIY customers and professional customers. Our goal is to dramatically improve performance across tthey board through a step-change in customer service. Please understand, we'd like to share as much of our plan as we possibly can with you. At tthey same time, we feel it's in our best interest of all concerned that we're careful on just how much we share about our plan, for competitive reasons. Also understand that if you're left wanting for more details, we've spent considerable time analyzing tthey pros and cons of doing so, and we've concluded that it's not in our or shareholders' best interest to do so. That said, we've got a very compelling plan to capitalize on tthey enormous growth opportunity that we have at AAP. And we're excited to share our plans to deliver improved results and shareholder value. Before we get started, I know ttheir might be tthey first time we're getting to know each ottheyr. Ttheyre's some new people in new positions at Advance and for some of you, ttheir includes me. Stepping back, and with tthey benefit of my first six months in tthey role, along with close to 30 years of experience at PepsiCo and Frito-Lay, I'm confident we're in a great position to capitalize on tthey opportunity atheyad. Many of tthey ingredients for success that I enjoyed at PepsiCo are transferable theyre: Constructing a demand driven growth agenda that's rooted in customer and consumer insights. Transforming tthey supply chain to build new capabilities and drive productivity and empowering tthey front-line organization to drive execution and operating improvement. Without question, I see tthey application of each of ttheyse learnings theyre at Advance. In fact, ttheyre's more opportunity to drive growth and productivity at AAP than any role that I've ever had. We'll discuss tthey opportunities that we see going forward throughout tthey presentation. It's also my pleasure today to introduce Bob Cushing, right ttheyre in tthey middle of tthey slide. Bob recently assumed tthey newly created role of Executive Vice President, Professional Sales, wtheyre they will oversee all of tthey Company's professional sales operation, including Advance, Carquest, Autopart International, and of course, Worldpac. Today we're rebranding what was formerly known as our commercial business, to professional. Professional is a name that our customers prefer and as a result, that's tthey name we're going to use going forward. Bob is perfectly suited to theyad up ttheir business. He's an exceptionally talented industry veteran, with over 30 years of experience in tthey industry, and they's been tthey driving force behind tthey tremendous growth and market-leading position that Worldpac enjoys today. Importantly, Bob is very competitive. You're going to see that today. He's going to be relentless in driving outcomes, and they'll expect nothing less than tthey best as they instills a high-performing culture and makes sure we execute to win in tthey marketplace. In addition to Bob, later in tthey presentation, we'll theyar once again from Tom with a discussion on how our strategy translates to an outlook to tthey future. So let's get started. I'd like to begin with what we'd like you to take away from today's event. First, we operate in a terrific industry. It's large and growing, with attractive dynamics across tthey board. Secondly, AAP has a very compelling market position, including industry-leading assets, tools, and capabilities for us to leverage. Third, we have a tremendous opportunity to drive growth and margin expansion. But to do so, we need to implement real change not just a change in operations, but a real change in culture. We have to focus on tthey customer first and begin our journey for everything we do with how we can provide tthey best possible service for our customers. And fourth, we're already executing a clear, focused agenda to drive change. Fifth, overseeing ttheir effort is an aggressive leadership team that's fully aligned around our plan. In summary, one can only conclude that AAP represents a compelling investment, with tremendous opportunity to deliver shareholder value. So let's start with tthey fact that we compete in $135 billion industry that's experienced strong growth for several years, and we see no end in sight. Industry forecasts predict consistent growth over tthey next five years, led by professional. For certain, tthey industry continues to benefit from an increase in vehicles in operation, an increase in average age of vehicles, an increase in older vehicles, and an increase in average miles driven per year. Ttheyse industry fundamentals will drive strong growth for tthey industry for years to come. In addition to industry fundamentals, AAP is well positioned to gain market share. We have many advantages, including a Company owned professional business, an extensive North American footprint of fulfillment centers and stores, and tthey leading distributors of import parts. Clearly we have tthey assets to succeed and accelerate growth, but to do so, we need to better utilize those assets to our advantage. Without question, AAP has a substantial market share opportunity. We're also keenly aware of evolving industry trends, including ecommerce, technology, electrification, urbanization, ride sharing and autonomous vehicles. As a result, we're excited by tthey opportunities of today and tthey opportunities of tomorrow, as we construct our strategic growth agenda. With disruption comes opportunity. Whatever we do, we must delight tthey customer. Everything we do starts and stops with tthey customer. In building our plan, we knew we had to develop a deep and visceral understanding of tthey customer, and deliver on ttheyir needs. Over tthey last few months, we've conducted tthey most significant piece of research our Company has ever undertaken. We spent a tremendous amount of time to understand what delights both professional customers and DIY customers. Of course, ultimately, we must turn those insights into actions. Our professional customers are looking for high quality parts at tthey time we promise ttheym. We understand ttheir opportunity, and its unquestionably achievable for AAP. Tthey DIYer needs vary widely by vehicle theirtory, repair complexity and ttheyir level of expertise. Ttheir requires a very focused agenda for our team members. Armed with ttheyse insights, we've developed a strategy and a series of initiatives to delight both professional customers and DIY customers. Tthey initiatives are focused on making sure we have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time, and creating a better overall experience for all of our customers. Ttheir leads to tthey big planks of our agenda. First, building an advantaged supply chain is tthey cornerstone of our efforts, as we improve availability, delivery consistency and speed, to delight our customers. Secondly, in professional, we're building a dramatic improvement in tthey customer experience at every single touch point, as we ramp up sales and service capabilities. Next, in DIY, we're planning changes to improve tthey in store experience and drive loyalty, as well as a re invention of our online experience. Fourth, our growth agenda will be supported by a robust and ongoing productivity engine that will enable us to expand margins and fuel our growth for years to come. At tthey center of all of ttheir, of course, is our talent and our culture, which will support and facilitate our ability to execute each initiative. Let's begin with supply chain. A robust and highly functioning supply chain is absolutely foundational to our success. To achieve ttheir, we plan to leverage our existing supply chain assets. Tthey key in constructing an advantaged supply chain is to build new capabilities to improve availability, delivery consistency and speed, and drive growth, while removing unnecessary costs. I'm highly confident we can achieve ttheir at AAP. We have a very strong asset base in terms of square-footage, inventory and delivery trucks, but ttheyy are not optimized today. We will optimize our assets to delight our customers. We've been conducting numerous test-and-learn initiatives over tthey past few months. In our business, having tthey right part at tthey right time is essential. It's table steaks for competing in tthey industry. As a matter of fact, a few years ago, tthey Worldpac team actually trademarked tthey tag line -- tthey right part at tthey right time. Our test-and-learn markets are delivering very positive results. Ttheir includes a significant increase in, in-market parts availability, a significant decrease in order-to-delivery time, and overall reduction in inventory and days on hand -- all while increasing availability. Our customers are taking notice, and I quote: whatever you guys are doing, it's working for me. I get parts quicker. Cars spend less time on tthey lifts, so I get more jobs done. Tthey bottom line theyre is that our changes are leading to increased sales, lower costs, lower inventory levels, and higtheyr customer satisfaction. In addition to our test- and-learn initiatives, we have an opportunity to streamline our supply chain network and systems. Ttheir simplification of our supply chain enables us to get tthey Advance and Carquest supply chain and network fully integrated. Ttheir provides three primary benefits. First, streamlining our supply chain improves product availability. Secondly, it drives significant productivity by reducing spend miles from DC to store. And third, it simplifies our systems and processes by enabling seamless inventory transfer throughout tthey value chain, which is a huge benefit for our team members and independent partners. Ttheyrefore, what we formerly referred to as our integration plan, is now fully embedded in our ongoing strategic business plan. As such, we're no longer going to be discussing progress on integration. We're one Company now, and everyone is focused on tthey customer. Bottom line, ttheyre's no longer discussion about integration, but more about how do we use our supply chain assets better, and rethinking tthey system to better fulfill customer demand, and more efficiently get more parts closer to more customers. Now, turning to our professional growth opportunity, we're ramping up sales and customer service capabilities big time. And I'd like to invite Bob Cushing to review our exciting plans for professional customers. Bob Cushing Thank you, Tom. It's a pleasure to be with you theyre today. Ttheir is an exciting time to be with AAP. In my early observations, I have recognized tthey tremendous opportunities that exist today to accelerate our growth. In my new role, I'll drive improved performance across tthey enterprise by leveraging my experience and our proven capabilities, highly coveted by our customers. My goal is to completely transform our customer sales and service model, both online and in person, on tthey professional side of our business. I will be highly focused on improving tthey overall customer experience to dramatically improve our first call and first click capability. As I've looked across AAP, I've found many assets that are totally under leveraged. So it all starts with attractive brand portfolio. And our customers have spoken. Ttheyy want high quality   branded parts to service ttheyir customers. And our research confirmed that AAP's parts assortment consistently delivered against ttheir objective, more than any ottheyr supplier. While we're pleased with tthey result, we will continue to work diligently to delight our customers. Additionally, over tthey past 40 years, we have developed an industry leading selection of private-label products to meet tthey needs of our professional customer. AAP's private-label brands support our multi brand strategy, which is what's preferred by our professional customer. So wtheyn you look, we start with tthey significant growth opportunity from a solid base of domestic vehicles in operation. And importantly for our customers, we're atheyad of tthey curve on tthey growing import opportunity. Tthey vehicle import market share is expected to grow dramatically, as it has over tthey past 15 years. Ttheir will provide a tremendous growth opportunity for AAP across ttheyse higtheyr enterprise. We have tthey import expertise with Worldpac and Autopart International, we've delivered ttheir, and basically built tthey leading import program for tthey past 40 years. Anottheyr asset we can leverage better is our training. Our customers want professional training to theylp grow and improve tthey profitability and grow ttheyir business. Ttheyir technicians need advanced technical training, to meet tthey demands of diagnosing and repairing today's and tomorrow's vehicles. We already have two great tools today. We have tthey Carquest Technical Institute, and we have tthey Worldpac Training Institute, which is focused on tthey import side, again, tthey opportunity I just described. Togettheyr, tthey Carquest and Worldpac training institutes provides tthey professional customer tthey most compretheynsive training curriculum in tthey industry. And it's only available at AAP. In today's digital world, serving professional customers has to start with an industry leading online experience. And we have a great online asset at Worldpac today. In tthey research that we conducted, our online experience was rated best-in-class by our customers. Ttheir performance was also recognized by Frost & Sullivan research, which found automotive technicians rank Worldpac as tthey best program distributor. With a compretheynsive line of quality products, easy-to-use online system which is speed-dial, outstanding salespeople, competitive pricing, dependable delivery and consistent product availability. I could not more proud of tthey team for ttheir accomplishment. But as we look forward, tthey only way we'll leverage ttheir great suite of assets is to put tthey customer first always. Ttheir has been really important to me my entire career, listening to customers, responding to ttheym and providing ttheym what ttheyy need: High-quality product assortment, Delivery service that's fast and consistent, Technology to drive growth and ease of doing business, providing our customers with an industry leading catalog, a sales team dedicated to delighting tthey customer, and training to enable our customers to grow ttheyir business. So now it is our time to shift into high gear. We will knit togettheyr and leverage best practices across all of AAP's professional business going forward. I know ttheyre are better ways to integrate our supply chain. I know we can leverage our catalog and technology to create a better online experience. And for certain, we will build a more robust sales and customer service culture at AAP. And by tthey way, we're already doing it. In fact, we just solidified a multi-year agreement with one of tthey largest customers, who is really pleased with tthey new am AAP approach. And I quote tthey customer: we chose Advance professional based upon ttheyir overall enterprise value. Tthey combination of product coverage, local availability, technician training, technology, as well as competitive pricing, made ttheym tthey right choice both now and into tthey future. Ttheyy have a proven track record of great customer service and consistent execution across a large geographic area, which makes ttheym tthey right strategic partner for tthey business. Tthey entire AAP team could not be more excited about taking our professional sales to tthey next level. And we know ttheyre's a significant market share opportunity for us as we execute our plan. And we will deliver it. At ttheir point, I'll kick it back to Tom. Thank you. Tom Greco Okay. So now you see why we're so excited about professional. Now I'm going to talk DIY. And we're a little l furttheyr along in our journey to accelerate professional than we are in DIY. While we continue to strengttheyn tthey DIY plan, we're already seeing signs of improvement in our DIY sales, as we really get focused on tthey customer. Just like inside professional, our DIY success begins with putting tthey customer first in everything that we do. We have to build trust, confidence and loyalty with DIYers all over tthey country. We leveraged some custom, significant research we conducted with DIY customers, and our plan is to delight ttheym at every touch point. Across tthey board, we're improving parts availability, we're building engagement platforms that drive traffic, we're ensuring a consistent in-store experience to drive frequency, we're focusing our training on priority segments to build knowledge and capability. And we're revamping our Speed Perks loyalty program. We're also increasing our investment in mobile and digital to seamlessly connect tthey online and in-store experience, all of which have tthey common goal of gaining market share. First, we plan to grow our customer base. We've analyzed our business over tthey past several years, and we have a very clear idea what's been driving our challenges with traffic and sales growth inside of DIY. Some of tthey factors driving tthey decisions on how DIYers choose an auto parts retailer include vehicle theirtory, repair complexity, and ttheyir level of expertise. From ttheir, we've identified priority segments wtheyre we're confident we have a right to succeed. Meeting tthey needs of ttheyse customers will require thoughtful planning around labor, training and marketing. We're excited about attracting new customers to AAP with targeted marketing and a wider array of services. Next, we'll drive frequency with existing customers. Speed Perks is entering its third full year. To date, we haven't been leveraging tthey scale of ttheir program as well as we should and will going forward. Our plan is to build customer loyalty with Speed Perks. We now have millions of Speed Perks members, which gives us a deeper understanding of ttheyir lifetime value. We're learning more and more about how ttheyse customers want to be engaged. And we're building momentum around new ways to cultivate a much stronger relationship with ttheyse customers by leveraging insights and analytics around ttheyir individual needs and behaviors. Just one additional trip per year by each Speed Perks member results in a tremendous growth number for AAP. Finally, winning in DIY requires us to improve tthey overall experience for our customers, both in-store and online. Critically important to achieving ttheir goal is to address tthey basics of tthey business. We have to raise our standards on execution. Ttheir includes ramping up discipline inside tthey store, and re-dedicating ourselves to a consistent and exceptional customer experience every single time. We also must ensure that we serve our customers wtheyn and how ttheyy want to be served, which means elevating our online experience. Tthey end result will be a much better experience for DIYers in every interaction ttheyy have with AAP in person, over tthey phone or online enabling us to build customer trust, confidence and loyalty. Our customers have been telling us that we're making progress in DIY. In tthey past few months, we've seen an increase in tthey number of complimentary letters from DIYers all over tthey country. To read just one: your manager and their staff were so nice and so theylpful in what was for me a very stressful situation. His actions have made me an Advance Auto Parts customer for life. In summary, our team is energized to better-serve tthey DIYer. And just like in professional, ttheyre's a significant market share opportunity in DIY with improved execution. Between tthey transformation of our supply chain, building out new capabilities in professional, and improving tthey overall experience for DIYers, we're very bullish on our ability to sequentially accelerate our top-line performance going forward, just like we did in Q3 of ttheir year. Now, let's talk productivity. Accelerated productivity will fund our journey. In order to sustain investment in growth, a robust productivity engine is absolutely essential. We've gone up and down every single cost line in tthey entire enterprise to construct our productivity plan. It spans six major categories and will contribute meaningfully to profit growth. Tthey categories we've targeted are: distribute, ship, run as it pertains to stores, deliver, sell, and support. Please note that while we're removing unnecessary costs, we're also driving new capabilities and investing in long-term growth creation. Our current productivity build delivers 500 million in cost reduction over five years. To be clear, ttheir is a gross number. Some of ttheir will be used to fund our growth and transformation initiatives, so not all of ttheir will flow directly to tthey bottom line. You'll see tthey impact of tthey re-investment of our productivity savings in improving operating margin over tthey period of tthey plan. Our productivity agenda includes three important areas of focus. First, zero-based budgeting, wtheyre we're eliminating waste and standardizing our approach to cost control. Secondly, as I mentioned earlier, we plan to streamline our supply chain to drive both effectiveness and efficiency. Simplifying, optimizing and fully leveraging our existing asset base yields big savings in our plan. Finally, we've initiated a substantial piece of work on material input costs. As part of ttheir, we'll leverage procurement and value engineering to round out tthey big planks of our agenda. Bottom line, we're entering 2017 with a very high level of confidence in our productivity pipeline. In addition, we're very much looking forward to having Tom Okray provide their perspective, given their extensive experience in large organizations wtheyre productivity and cost management play a central role. Finally, I'd like to touch on talent, culture and capability. Across tthey organization, you can expect us to be maniacally focused on growing talent, evolving our culture and growing new capabilities. Specifically, we'll grow talent by developing much more robust leadership development programs for our existing leaders. We're also promoting talented leaders who know tthey parts business cold, and have tthey capability to do more. And importantly, we've done a great deal of work on evolving tthey culture of tthey Company. Ttheir includes building a culture which is obsessively focused on tthey customer, and one with an exceedingly high level of accountability of ownership and drive for results. Related to ttheir, our leadership team has spent time looking at incentives and ways to empower all of our team members to act like owners. As an example turnover. We put a tremendous focus on reducing turnover, and I'm pleased to inform you that we were down significantly in Q3 versus previous year in each of tthey key roles in tthey field. Finally, we're defining tthey new capabilities we need across tthey entire enterprise. Wtheyre we lack tthey talent internally, we're going outside to find people who have industry leading capabilities that we can leverage. And we've already hired several people from outside of AAP that are bringing an entirely new dimension to our thinking as we prepare for tthey future. In summary, over tthey next five years, our plan delivers sequential top line sales improvement, $500 million in gross productivity, substantial margin expansion, and world class talent, culture and capabilities, which will future fit AAP for years to come.  Now it's my pleasure to invite Tom back to tthey stage to give you a high level view of how our plan translates to an outlook. Tom Okray Thanks, Tom. Tthey opportunities Tom and Bob discussed to deliver improved results are familiar to me. I'm used to putting tthey customer first always. And I know we can drive accelerated sales growth and margin expansion included in our plan. Turning to tthey financial impact of our plan, for 2017, we will deliver positive sales comp growth and a modest increase in operating margin. By 2021, our plan delivers mid single digit comp sales and at least 500 basis points of margin expansion.  As Tom previously discussed, we're building a platform to enable sustainable growth and operating leverage. To achieve that goal, we've worked backwards from tthey customer, and balanced our efforts to achieve growth, reduce costs and efficiencies throughout tthey organization. Importantly, we're also focused on delivering shareholder value. We will deliver strong operating performance, which will generate strong cash flow improvement. Furttheyr, we have tremendous focus on working capital. Ttheir includes optimizing our inventory and our payables, which will result in a dramatic improvement in AP ratio. Our strong cash flow generation, combined with a balanced capital allocation plan, enables us to invest in new capabilities such as digital, and growth, such as new market development. We will apply disciplined rigor around driving strong returns and efficient use of capital, as measured by ROIC. We look to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our investment grade rating, with a bias towards share repurchases. Togettheyr, we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage tthey largest asset base in tthey industry to drive shareholder value. I couldn't be more excited about tthey future of tthey Company. And with that, I'd like to ask Tom and Bob to return to tthey podium. We will take some questions. Zatheyed, can you lead us? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Unidentified Analyst [Technical Difficulty] Great, first six months -- I guess tthey biggest follow-up I'd have on ttheir is, if you think about that longer-term goal, getting tthey 500 basis points of improvement, mid single-digit margins, what do you think is tthey biggest constraint, if you will, to actually getting ttheyre? You've listed a lot of great opportunities. But as you're looking at it, what is tthey biggest hurdle? Is it tthey supply chain? Is it getting tthey culture to move faster? I'd love to theyar in your words. And Tom, as a follow-up, just what's -- any CapEx budgetary things we should be thinking about as part of that five year plan? Tom Greco I think tthey big one for me is tthey customer obsession piece that has to permeate tthey entire organization. It's something that has been lacking, okay? And we have to get that much deeper embedded into tthey organization, so that every single team member is out ttheyre really doing whatever it takes to provide tthey best service we can provide to our customers. And we're working very hard at building that culture. We've taken some steps to really elevate and lift up examples of people who were doing that. Because we do have people doing that throughout tthey organization, but it's not as consistent as we'd like. And that's -- if I could wave a wand and change one thing tomorrow, it would be that. But that's tthey biggest opportunity area, I think, in terms of getting to wtheyre we need to go. Tom Okray Tthey way we're looking at CapEx over tthey plan is basically in line with what we've theirtorically spent. That's our input at ttheir point. Absolute dollars right now. Zatheyed Mawani Great; why don't we go to tthey back of tthey room, Michael? Michael Lasser Good evening. It's Michael Lasser from UBS. Two questions. First, Tom, how do you bridge tthey fact that AAP's operating profit per employee is about almost half tthey rate of tthey peers, and how do you bridge that to your plan and your customer focus to get that? And second part of tthey question is, how do you gain tthey market share that you've lost, back? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, tthey differential between ourselves and our peers is really around some of tthey things that we just talked about. I do know, we're not fully leveraging our current asset base across tthey board. Tthey entirety of our infrastructure can be better-optimized, better-leveraged, and we're taking tthey steps we need to achieve that goal. So that's a multiyear journey, but we're going to do it in a very disciplined fashion without disrupting our customers. We're not going to knee-jerk, we're not going to rush it. But ttheyre's ways that we have already identified to better-leverage tthey existing asset base that we have, and essentially get to those types of margins that we aspire to. And ttheyn your second, remind me on tthey second question? Yes, I think we're very focused on driving at what tthey customer wants. Tthey input metrics that we've identified for our organization have been narrowed significantly. So tthey number of things our field organization is focused on is down to a much more manageable list. And I think that our cadence, which we go through every week to look at how we're performing against those key input metrics that are customer facing are resulting in, relatively speaking, improved sales performance. And you know, in terms of tthey customers, getting tthey customers back, I think we're already getting customers back. We track how many customers we sell to every single week. So I know tthey absolute number of professional customers we're selling to by week, and we know exactly wtheyre our opportunities are. And we're getting tthey customers back we need to get back. Zatheyed Mawani Thank you. Simeon, we'll go with you. Simeon Gutman Thanks. Tom, I think tthey first conference call, we talked about some of tthey issues being more process driven than infrastructure. Curious a lot of tthey presentation talked about that. Curious if you can update some thoughts on it? And ttheyn, Tom, you answered that question about CapEx, saying it's going to be constant. Does that mean we'll eittheyr see new stores come back into tthey mix, or does that constant mean maybe new stores slow down and you put some more investment back into infrastructure? One more and one follow-up. As we often theyar, you have tthey parts in tthey system, but you're touching it more to get it to tthey customer. Is that an observation that's fair, and how do you fix that? Tom Greco Maybe if I could, Simeon, I'll combine your first and third question. Because I do think how we were getting parts to tthey customer was not optimal. So we have tested a number of different ways of inventory positioning, of assorting parts, and of how we deliver to tthey customer. And all of those have been factored into our strategic business plan. Some of ttheym we've just kind of lifted and shifted right away, and moved ttheym to our base business. But we're not going to comment specifically on tthey things that we're rolling out. But part of tthey goal is to reduce touctheys. Obviously we don't want to touch parts; we want to reduce tthey number of times we touch parts in every part of tthey supply chain, inside tthey DC, how many times we touch it on tthey way to tthey customer, how many times it gets touctheyd in tthey store. Touctheys are bad in a supply chain, so our goal is to reduce touctheys. But we wanted to do that in a way that enables more availability, and that's tthey trick that we're trying to balance with. Zatheyed Mawani We'll come over theyre to Matt. Tom Okray Did you want to me to get tthey CapEx question? Zatheyed Mawani Oh, pardon me. Yes. Tom Okray Just to finish up? Tthey main buckets of CapEx will be renovation of tthey existing stores, IT, as well as looking at potentially opening new stores as we get tthey flywtheyel going and start gaining market share. Matt Fassler Good afternoon. It's Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. I guess ttheir one's for Tom Greco. You spoke about culture and tthey change in tthey selling culture at tthey organization. How does one go about doing that? How are you energizing tthey team and directing tthey team in that regard? And ttheyn if we could also tie that to any changes you're making in incentive comp, how you're managing to thread tthey needle of presumably making that compensation better-aligned with productivity while still keeping that level of motivation as strong as it has been? Tom Greco Good question, Matt. For us, those customer-facing employees are just so critical. Our general managers, our district managers, our commercial parts pros, our commercial account managers, those are tthey people that face customers every single day out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. Six months ago, candidly, we had a very difficult time retaining people. You probably are well-aware of tthey fact that we were losing people to competitors. We took some steps to address that through incentives, by lifting up tthey importance of those roles, listening to those people. We brought a general management council into place to essentially theylp us forge our agenda. We're spending a lot of time looking at turnover rates by geography, by district, throughout tthey country. So we've made a lot of progress. I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, our turnover rate is down across tthey board in each of those four roles, dramatically. It was up significantly, and now it's down year on year. And we're going to continue to pay attention to that, because we know that if we can get continuity and we can get our people trained and skilled and knowledgeable, and really loving coming into work every day, that's going to make a difference over time. So it really is about tthey tools we're providing ttheym, tthey training we're providing to ttheym and tthey incentives. And we have to enable ttheym to compete at tthey higtheyst level in tthey marketplace. And that's what we're doing. Zatheyed Mawani Great. We'll go over theyre to Bret. Bret Jordan Thanks. Bret Jordan with Jefferies. A question on tthey supply chain. I think you talked about tthey number one being, tthey number one of on your focus list. At what point are we going to have distribution centers on a common IT system? And is it still tthey thought to rewrite tthey legacy program and use it as tthey overlay? And ttheyn tthey follow-up question on that is, tthey inventory levels, I think at tthey end of tthey second quarter, you talked about maybe taking several hundred million dollars out of that balance. Would we expect that to happen around tthey same time you get a common IT backbone? Tom Greco So thanks, Bret. First of all, tthey whole initiative around streamlining tthey supply chain is that we're going to look across our entire infrastructure and optimize tthey assets that we have. Part of that, of course, is to get to a single supply chain stack, so that we have distribution centers that can communicate with stores on eittheyr network. So that, we have a very deliberate plan to roll that out. We have a timeline. We know wtheyn we're going to get it completed. Part of that is to get to a single information technology system, so that's a much easier system for us to work with. We're also looking across tthey entirety of our supply chain to include Worldpac, Canada, Autopart International, all of those represents elements of a North American supply chain, which ultimately we want to get to. So we're pretty excited about tthey streamlining supply chain. Ttheyre's a big productivity driver in our strategic business plan. It's a big simplifier for our people, because ttheyy don't have to deal with tthey multiple processes, and it's going to theylps us with availability. On your second question, which was surrounding our catalog, we've got Bob theyre, who -- maybe you can talk to ttheir a little bit, Bob, on tthey catalog. But we're excited about having Bob oversee tthey entirety of our professional business. We've never done that before. We've always looked at it somewhat vertically. Advance, Carquest, Autopart International, Worldpac, we want to make sure that we make it as easy as possible for our customers to access all of those really -- tthey broad lineup of parts that we have. Bob, can you maybe talk a little bit about it? Bob Cushing Yes, so Worldpac has built, for tthey last 40 years, tthey industry-leading OE catalog. And back in 2004 wtheyn Worldpac was acquired by GPI, we were working with ttheym collaboratively to build ttheyir after-market catalog. Now we have ttheir opportunity to bring ttheym both togettheyr, to have tthey best possible customer experience. It's an exciting time, and we will no doubt have tthey leading catalog in tthey industry, I'm pretty certain of it. Bret Jordan So second quarter next year, one catalog for all of AAP? Bob Cushing It will be in 2017. Bret Jordan Okay, good enough. Zatheyed Mawani Okay. What we're going to do now is just transition and take a call from a participant on tthey phone, and ttheyn we'll come back to in tthey room. So if you're on tthey phone and you're ready, please go atheyad with your question. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Mike Baker Hi. Can you guys theyar me okay? Hello, can you theyar me? Tom Greco Yes. Mike Baker Okay, good. Sorry, just wanted to make sure. All right, so one industry question and ttheyn one Company-specific question. On tthey industry, you talked about more vehicles age 11 or older, or vehicles aging. I'm wondering what you guys see as tthey sweet spot of vehicle maintenance? Is ttheyre some age that vehicles get tooled at tthey market rate vehicles for you? And of course, ttheyre's probably some age wtheyn ttheyy sort of come into your sweet spot. What do you think tthey right cohort or bucket is to look at? And how do you see tthey number of vehicles in that bucket trending? That's tthey industry question. And ttheyn I'll ask tthey Company-specific question at tthey same time, and ttheyn I'll listen. So tthey margin progression, 500 basis points essentially over five years, but you said slight improvement in 2017. So it's really 500 basis points between 2018 and 2021. Can you give us more theylp or color on tthey cadence ttheyre? Is it still going to ramp up in 2018 or '19, or is it going to be very back-end loaded? Thanks. Tom Greco Okay. I had a little trouble theyaring ttheyre, Mike, but I'll do my best. On tthey first question, which was a sweet spot, it's really five years-plus. That's really tthey sweet spot for our business. So that's why we like tthey fact that ttheyre was 17.5 million vehicles sold over tthey past 12 months. That gives us an outlook for tthey next five years. We know that wtheyn those vehicles come around five years from now, that's wtheyn we'll start to really see a ramp-up in sales for us. On tthey second question, do you want to take that? Tom Okray Sure, I'll take that. First of all, let's step back. We're not satisfied with our operating margin that we have in Q3, and we're not satisfied saying modest improvement in 2017. But we're building a foundation theyre for tthey future. We're going to put tthey customer first. We're going to invest in tthey customer. We're going to optimize tthey supply chain and we're going to reduce our inventory. We're not going to cut corners. At ttheir point in time, we're not going to give a glide path of what tthey timeline looks like to get to tthey at least 500 basis points margin improvement by 2021. Perhaps more color wtheyn we're back talking in February. Mike Baker Okay, I appreciate it. I'll turn it over to somewtheyre else. Brian Nagel Hi, it's Brian Nagel from Oppentheyimer. So Tom Greco, a question for you. If we step back and look at ttheir plan, tthey 500 basis point goal of operating margin is impressive, and gets you much closer to your competitors. So, I guess tthey question is, as you've studied tthey business now and you're not tthey first to attempt to drive higtheyr operating margins theyre at AAP. What were tthey mistakes made previously? And how does your plan differ from maybe some of tthey prior efforts to do ttheir? Tom Greco Okay, thanks, Brian. Obviously hindsight is 2020, and I think mine is as good as anyone else. But I'll comment briefly on what I think is different about our plan. First of all, I will say that I think our plan is dramatically different than we've seen previously, in terms of what I've looked at. I would say ttheyre's a couple of big ones. Tthey first one is that we are obsessed with tthey customer. Everybody on ttheir stage is obsessed with tthey customer. We are going to drive that deep into tthey organization. We may have said we were obsessed with tthey customer in tthey past, but I think ttheyre's a lot of evidence that would say that we were not obsessed with tthey customer in tthey past. And that's probably job one, is to drive that, as I mentioned earlier, deep into tthey organization, ensure that it's a filter that we put every single decision that we make through tthey entire Company. Secondly, we really didn't have a cotheysive strategy, that I could gattheyr, over tthey last several years. That caused us to make significant shifts in direction frequently over time. And wtheyn you're shifting a large organization of 75,000 people, it gets very difficult to get any kind of momentum around tthey agenda. Third, wtheyn you have that going on, it really starts to compromise tthey execution. Because you're trying different things, and different priorities take a different level of energy at any given point in time. I can tell you, tthey number of things we were measuring was significant. Tthey number of input metrics we were trying to accomplish was a very long list, and it did vary quarter in, quarter out. So that, over time, reduces tthey amount of accountability that people inside tthey organization have to deliver against those goals, and it starts to compromise tthey overall ability to get things done and to achieve tthey margin expansion goals that were outlined. I think those are tthey big things that I would observe. Customer service is going to be or obsession with tthey customer, really, going forward, is our agenda. We have a cotheysive strategy now. We're going to be focused on operating metrics and execution that are required to deliver against that. We do have to build tthey culture of tthey organization to be really focused on not just tthey customer, but to have a very high level of accountability, of ownership and drive for results. And that will be different going forward. Brian Nagel Thank you. Zatheyed Mawani Okay, we'll come over theyre. Dan Wewer Dan Wewer, Raymond James. Tom, can you give an update on your thoughts about Carquest consolidations going forward? A few conference calls ago you expressed some dissatisfaction with tthey revenues that you were giving up. And ttheyn tthey second. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tom Greco [Technical Difficulty] conversions, tthey relocations, tthey openings, tthey closings, all of those things. And I'm an insights and analytics person. I want to really go deep on tthey metrics. What we said we were going to achieve with those goals, what we actually achieved -- we look back over tthey timeframe that ttheyy were initiated and we weren't comfortable, candidly, with what tthey performance of tthey consolidations were in that timeframe. So we dramatically reduced ttheym by about a third, based on what we originally planned at tthey time of tthey deal itself. And I feel really good about that decision, because we're going to be able to drive market share. We're going to be able to retain employees. We've got some great people that work on tthey Carquest side of tthey business, on tthey independents and tthey corporate side; so that, I feel great about. Tthey conversions -- I will tell you, I was in one last week -- that has worked well. Because you're essentially adding DIY to what was formerly an entirely professional operation. And so we see obviously increased traffic associated with that. We're driving comp sales in that store. We're getting more professional business. So tthey conversions have been much more successful overall. So you'll see us actually accelerating some of tthey conversions to get more DIY business on that side. As for our goals, again, we're going to focus on tthey customer. You saw our market share -- its single-digits. Ttheyre's a lot of food on tthey table for us to grow. We have $10 billion in sales in a $135 billion market. We feel very good about our ability to gain market share overall in that timeframe. Obviously we don't ignore our competition. We look at it market by market. But our belief is that staying absolutely laser-focused on what's important to tthey customer is going to ultimately enable us to gain market share. Zatheyed Mawani Great. We'll come right over theyre to Chris. Chris Horvers Chris Horvers JPMorgan. I have a few questions theyre. Tthey $500 million in sales productivity, how much of that is sales-dependent? We've had some companies that I follow sort of talk about productivity metrics, and it's really not cost out, it's more just leverage. So how much of that is straight cost-out opportunity? And how would you break that out between cost of goods opportunity versus tthey expense opportunity? And ttheyn I have a follow-up question. Tom Greco So first of all, none of it is sales-dependent. I don't look at it that way. I'm looking for cost-out, period. So wtheyn we look at our productivity agenda, we're looking at waste opportunities that do not impact tthey customer. So my definition of productivity is, same sales, lower cost. So we don't need four-comp or three-comp, or anything like that to achieve that productivity goal. That cost is coming out. And we've identified each of tthey buckets that we believe it can come out in, and we're going to continue to focus on that. That will be an ongoing journey for us over tthey life of tthey strategic business plan. How much of it is -- what were you saying? Chris Horvers Cost of goods versus Tom Greco Yes, ttheyre's obviously -- we had tthey three buckets, so that material cost optimization really does reflect some cost of goods. But it's obviously stilted more towards straight productivity in some of tthey operating lines that we have inside tthey P&L. We're not going to give a specific number, but it's definitely more on tthey straight productivity. Chris Horvers Okay. And ttheyn what drove tthey improvement in comps during tthey quarter, going from a minus 4 to minus 1? Can you talk about how much availability improved during tthey quarter? How much would you attribute to lower turnover? And ttheyn how much would you attribute to sort of stopping tthey confusion that was going on in tthey organization? And ttheyn finally, any comment on cadence during tthey quarter would be great. Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, we mentioned, right or wrong, we kind of landed on a small list of input metrics not too long after I got to AAP. And we said to tthey organization: we are not changing ttheyse. Even if ttheyy weren't perfect, we were not going to change those input metrics. We're going to look at ttheym every single week, and we're going to go very deep, as opposed to ttheir kind of wide swath, one week, we're going to look at ttheir, some ottheyr week, we're going to look at something else. We're looking at tthey same small list of metrics. I can tell you that not every one of ttheym, but several of ttheym have shown significant improvement, quarter-to-quarter, so Q1 to Q2 to Q3. Some important ones that are customer facing ones, order-to-delivery time is one of ttheym. Turnover, I mentioned earlier. We've got pockets of tthey organization wtheyre our fill rate and distribution centers is improving, and that one, we've got pockets wtheyre it's not. But we've narrowed tthey input metrics down significantly. People know what we're going to be talking about. You used tthey word distraction. I think that we've basically said ttheir is what we're going to be focused on. And I'm really proud of our field team, because ttheyy've really responded to that agenda, and ttheyy're really driving against it, and that has really theylped us. We're not going to comment on how our sales went through tthey quarter. Really excited about how Q3 ended up relative to Q2. Zatheyed Mawani Great. We'll just come over theyre to Scot. Scot Ciccarelli Thank you. Hi. Scot Ciccarelli, RBC. Follow-up on Chris's question, just so I understand your comment, Tom. If you're really talking about 500 million in productivity, or let's call it cost saves, shouldn't that translate into something higtheyr because of tthey sales leverage that you guys would expect from a mid single-digit comp? I'm trying to reconcile tthey two. Tom Greco So translate into more margin expansion, is that your question, Scot? Scot Ciccarelli Yes. Tom Greco Yes, well, again, we're trying to future-fit tthey Company for tthey long term. So we're going to continue to invest back in tthey customer to enable us to grow for many years. So it's not just about tthey five year plan. We've got a five year plan. We feel really good about it. We like tthey way that our sales is going to unfold, and we're very confident in that productivity pipeline. But we also are expecting that we're going to have to continue to invest in tthey business to drive growth over time. Because ttheyre's a lot going on inside tthey industry, and ttheyre's a lot of unknowns in tthey next five years that we have to be thoughtful with. Scot Ciccarelli Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up, actually for Bob. Given tthey success at Worldpac, what would be tthey top three changes you'd like to implement at tthey professional business as you take over tthey whole commercial operation or professional operation at Advance? Bob Cushing Well, I said earlier in tthey prepared remarks about, again, providing our customers what ttheyy value most. And so ttheyy want to have a quality brand portfolio, fast and consistent to tthey market every single day. We have to run that business every single day. So that's a critical one. We also want to end up making sure that we end up taking tthey catalog and having tthey catalog readily available to tthey customer. Which means we're basically integrating and having two catalogs ttheyre to serve it up. And of course, having tthey technology to basically make sure that we provide to our customers tthey best possible experience, to get tthey right part at tthey right time. So technology, catalog, right part at tthey right time. Those are critical, and that's what our customers value most. Zatheyed Mawani Great. We'll come over theyre to Chris. Chris Bottiglieri Hi, thanks a lot. Chris Bottiglieri, Wolfe Research. Quick question, if you're able to. Can you give us some context on how you're, as I look at it, you have five disparate businesses that you're looking to homogenize. Give us tthey context for how each segment has performed on a comp basis over margins over tthey last couple years? Like, just what you're dealing with today, and kind of how you look to bridge that toward your mid single-digit comp growth? Tom Greco We're not going to comment on tthey specific comp sales for individual businesses. But we have seen certainly across tthey enterprise improvement in tthey third quarter, and we feel really good about that. Obviously, ttheyy're coming from different places, to your question, Chris. Bob's Worldpac has been performing at a high level for quite some time, but ottheyr parts of tthey business have been struggling. So we're very mindful of wtheyre everything is positioned, but we did see improvement in tthey third quarter virtually across tthey board. Chris Bottiglieri And ttheyn one brief follow-up. You think about your value proposition moving forward, what's embedded in your comp outlook versus tthey market growth obviously implies you're going to suddenly take a lot of share. So wtheyn you think about tthey competitive set, what really differentiates AAP from your peers? Like what are your value drivers that are going to allow you personally to grow faster than everybody else? Like, what do you do different and better? Tom Greco Well, first of all, I'll ask Bob to talk a little about professional, and maybe I'll handle DIY, because we do see ttheym as extremely different businesses. I think that is part of tthey opportunity that we may have had in tthey past, wtheyn we were sort of blending tthey two of those togettheyr. And through tthey research that we've conducted, it was extremely clear that we had to get much sharper and crisper on our proposition to DIYers without watering it down with: well, gee, what about professional side of tthey business, how are we going to handle that. With tthey DIYer, which, obviously we showed tthey chart earlier, it's a $50 billion business. We do expect tthey segment to grow. We've got a lot of insight around what are tthey segments that are going to grow inside of DIY. We're focused on tthey segments wtheyre we're confident we can win. We're going to engineer our training, our marketing, our labor model, all towards those priority segments, and really converging tthey investment levels that we have inside of DIY. Which is a re-purposing of tthey money that we have today towards those priority segments. And ttheyn leveraging Speed Perks as a loyalty program. Which we got up and running, we've got a lot of members who joined us, and we've got an opportunity to engage ttheym very differently than we have in tthey past. And we're building a plan to go do that. So I think it's tthey overall value proposition will be quite different than it was in tthey past. And again, we are seeing some progress on that, because in tthey quarter, we saw a nice pop on tthey DIY side in addition to our overall business. Would you like to talk about professional, Bob, please? Bob Cushing Yes, so on tthey professional side, wtheyn I look at it from tthey standpoint of our footprint, we have tthey leading footprint in North America. And so wtheyn I look at that and our capabilities ttheyre, with tthey assets that we have available, wtheyn I look at tthey assets that we have and all ttheyse different business units and tthey years of experience serving tthey professional customer. Knowing exactly what drives ttheyir business, what drives ttheyir growth, what I know we have on tthey portfolio side, what I know we have on tthey technology side, what I know we have on dig digital driver side, we have all of those capabilities. And now for tthey first time, we're able to harness all of tthey business units and tthey assets and resources ttheyre towards bringing tthey best experience to tthey customer. And ttheir is tthey first time we've had that opportunity. And again, we're almost three years into tthey AAP acquisition of General Parts, and ttheir is tthey first time we're able to bring that level of higtheyr customer service that we're going to provide to tthey professional customer. And all of those will drive our particular sales and growth opportunities, and accelerate it as we bring more and more of those assets to tthey field, to tthey customer, and win that business every single day. Zatheyed Mawani Great. Let's go over theyre to Alan. Alan Rifkin Thank you very much. Alan Rifkin with BTIG. How are you? Tom Greco Good. Alan Rifkin I believe you said in your prepared remarks ttheyre would be no more reporting on integration. Yet almost three years after tthey acquisition, we had a $0.12 charge in tthey quarter. Can we take your statement that ttheyre will be no more putting on integration to mean that going forward, ttheyre won't be any more below-tthey-line charges? Tom Okray No, that wasn't tthey context of tthey comment. Tthey comment was related to -- we're not going to focus on tthey customer, we're going to focus on our core business. We're not going to talk about tthey integration. We will still have an ongoing charge from operating income down to adjusted operating income. Alan Rifkin Any idea wtheyn ttheyse charges may cease? Will it be sometime in 2017, or do you foresee tthey charges going even furttheyr than that? Tom Okray At ttheir point in time, we're not going to comment on how long tthey charges will go. Alan Rifkin Okay. And just hypottheytically, if, let's say ttheyre's an industry turn-town and sales don't meet your modest positive comps for next year. What point do you start to maybe take a more draconian view on perhaps closing a few distribution centers and/or closing some stores? Or is that not on tthey drawing board, even if you hypottheytically don't meet your plan next year? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we're excited about our comp prospects for next year, very excited about it. Secondly, we do believe that ttheyre's an opportunity to streamline our supply chain which is not draconian. It's really an opportunity to be smarter about leveraging our existing assets. If you think, Alan, about tthey different parts of tthey business that have come togettheyr over time through acquisition, we actually have a pretty impressive footprint. We just have treated ttheym very vertically, as opposed to horizontally, is what I would say. And you're going to see us look for opportunities to better-integrate tthey entirety of our supply chain assets, DCs, over-tthey-road, our store delivery fleet which tthey stores, tthey Worldpac branctheys. We've got a lot of different assets that are out ttheyre that have handled things in a very siloed fashion, and we see opportunities to better-integrate those. And that may mean, over time, we're going to be able to leverage those assets in a better way. Alan Rifkin Okay. One more if I may. You mentioned that tthey DIY business is obviously lagging professional, which obviously, ttheyre are industry theyadwinds which result in everyone seeing similar trends as that. But just to break that down a little bit furttheyr, are you seeing tthey relative weakness on both tthey Carquest side, as well as tthey legacy stores? Or is it more skewed towards one versus tthey ottheyr? Tom Greco Well, I mean, obviously Advance has a much stronger DIY business than Carquest. Carquest was built on professional. In fact, we actually have tthey founder of Advance theyre; Nick Toddman has joined with us today. So, wonderful to have Nick be with us. Ttheyy really built ttheir tremendous business for tthey DIYer originally, and ttheyn separately, Carquest built ttheyir business with a focus on tthey professional customers. So, I mean typically, tthey Advance store has a much higtheyr DIY base, and it's much more institutional ttheyre's much more institutional knowledge, I would say, on tthey Advance side of tthey business, for DIYers. I'm looking forward to touring some stores with Nick to get their opinion on how we're doing, which they gives us wtheyn they sees us all tthey time. But it's a fun business. It's a great side of tthey business. Ttheyy've got people who want to fix ttheyir vehicles and really we've got some exciting things we believe we can do to bring that level of focus back to tthey DIY side of tthey business next year, that I'm not going to speak about theyre. But we're excited about our plans ttheyre. Alan Rifkin Thank you, Tom. Zatheyed Mawani And just right now we're just going to shift back to a caller on tthey phone. Please go atheyad with your question. Operator Our next question will come from Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is now open. Craig Kennison Good evening, thanks for taking my question. What does your plan or what does your research show with respect to tthey threat from Amazon? Are ttheyre any opportunities to partner? And of course, I'm especially interested on tthey view from Tom Okray, given their background with that organization. Tom Okray It's a very interesting question. But I'm theyre to tell you that we're obsessed with tthey customer. We're aware of tthey competition, but we're obsessed with tthey customer. And that's what we're going to focus on. We know if we do tthey right things for tthey customer, ttheyn that will take care of itself. Zatheyed Mawani Great. Next question on tthey phone, please. Operator Our next question comes from Jamie Alexander from Redmond Asset Management. Your line is now open. Jamie Alexander Yes, ttheir is kind of a follow up on tthey prior analyst's question. What are tthey changes that you foresee in tthey industry over tthey next five years? Tom Greco So I think it was what are tthey changes in tthey industry in tthey next five years. Jamie Alexander Yes, you said it was a rapidly changing industry? Tom Greco Yes, obviously we continue to see tthey growth on tthey professional side. All of tthey work that we've done is saying that tthey professional side is going to outperform. I think we showed in our charts that it's we're talking mid single digit growth on professional. As more and more people enter tthey ownership stages of ttheyir vehicles and ttheyy're not fixing ttheym ttheymselves, ttheyy're going to take it to one of our hundreds of thousands of customers that are out ttheyre that repair vehicles across tthey nation. And we're excited about that because we feel we're very well positioned in that space. Bob showed tthey chart on imports. We've got a strong domestic base of business with our customers. But if you look five years going forward, we expect imports to grow at about 20%. So again, we feel very good about that, in that we're well positioned with tthey strength of tthey business that Bob has built with Worldpac in tthey next five years to theylp us really get after that opportunity. Some of tthey ottheyr things we showed are very much on our mind. None of ttheym are kind of five year items, wtheyttheyr you talk about tthey electrification, you talk about autonomous vehicles, you talk about some of those larger macro shifts-- we don't see ttheym impacting our core business in tthey next five years. In tthey next 10 or 15 years, ttheyy become bigger factors. So we're going to definitely pay attention to what's going on ttheyre. And as I said in our prepared remarks, we want to be -- with disruption comes opportunity. We want to be part of that opportunity and look for growth vectors that may not exist today in our base business. Zatheyed Mawani We're going to shift back into tthey room, and maybe we'll come over theyre, please, Timothy? Unidentified Analyst I had two questions. One, just on cash flow; can you just quantify and maybe share some specifics on what you guys think is tthey gross opportunity in terms of tthey working capital that could be currently released, and that's stuck on tthey balance ttheyyet? And ttheyn second is just, as you think about balancing share repurchases with maintaining investment-grade ratings with agencies, is ttheyre a target leverage ratio that we can think about for modeling? Tom Okray Well, let's start out with tthey working capital. Stepping back, we all believe that we have too much inventory. No question about that. And as Tom mentioned in their remarks, we are thoughtfully looking at bringing that down without impacting tthey customer, for sure. What we want to do is look at tthey metric of our AP ratio. We believe that's tthey best way of looking at how we're performing. So that means optimizing obviously tthey payables and tthey inventory level, with most of tthey work coming in tthey denominator. I think we were at 73.4% ttheir quarter. Our peers are much higtheyr than that, and we couldn't be more excited about getting up to tthey levels of our peer group over tthey five-year period; which obviously will unlock a tremendous amount of cash on a $4 billion-plus inventory level. And ttheyn your second question? Unidentified Analyst Was just, is ttheyre a target leverage ratio, like three times adjusted debt? Tom Okray Yes, we're going to maintain our 2.5 times leverage ratio. Unidentified Analyst So as you guys grow EBITDA and release cash from tthey balance ttheyyet, should we assume that tthey excess cash gets used to repurchase stock? Tom Okray Our first priority will be delighting tthey customer and investing back in tthey business. Our second priority will be maintaining our investment-grade rating with tthey 2.5 leverage ratio. And ttheyn our third bucket will be returning cash to tthey shareholders. Zatheyed Mawani Thank you. Let's go over in tthey front row theyre to Seth. Seth Basham Seth Basham from Wedbush. My question is on tthey store labor model. What have you observed over tthey last six months, Tom, on tthey labor model, and how do you change it going forward? Ttheyre are a lot of shifting roles and responsibilities between DIY and DIFM, and tthey incentive structure obviously has been up for consideration. Can you give us some observations? Tom Greco I think obviously we made some adjustments to our labor model in tthey latter part of last year that I think we may have ruttheyyd a little bit in terms of tthey execution of that -- which is an opportunity for us going forward. I mean, we want to make sure -- wtheyn you're talking about something as important as your store labor, which faces customers, it requires a tremendous amount of analytics up front, rigorous testing, proven methodologies, ttheyn you roll it out. So what I observed was, we weren't really approaching it that way, and so we had to sort of reverse course on some of tthey things that we did. And early on, it's been very well received by our field organization. You have to listen to what our region vice presidents, our district managers, our general managers in tthey stores, are telling us. And as I went around, I mean, I try to spend as much time in tthey stores as I can. And I do take a lot of notes, and I listen to ttheym wtheyn ttheyy tell me: ttheir is not driving my comps. It gives you tthey allusion of profitability, because you're reducing costs and you're really just getting customers angry, and ttheyy don't come back to your store, and ttheyn it's just a bit of a vicious circle. So we've been very thoughtful about our labor model. I think we've made a lot of progress on better aligning our hours to tthey demand, both on tthey DIY side and on tthey commercial side. And we'll continue to do that. We've got to make sure that we can service tthey customer with all of tthey things that ttheyy want, wtheyttheyr it's parking lot services or delivery frequency or wtheyn ttheyy want tthey part, we've do to have tthey labor ttheyre to fulfill tthey demand. And we've made pretty significant changes, I would say, in how we're approaching that. Seth Basham That's theylpful. And just as a follow-up, if ttheyre are more changes to come, what's tthey timeline for ttheym? Are we talking about anottheyr year, or are we pretty much at status quo? Tom Greco For labor particularly? Yes, no, I mean, tthey changes that we've initiated are fairly positive right now on labor. We're going to continue to refine ttheym. We certainly reserve tthey right to do better. But I'm pleased with tthey results that we've had so far on our labor model. Seth Basham Thanks. Zatheyed Mawani Great. We'll just come right over theyre to Jack. Jack Balos Jack Balos, Focus Research. We were originally told a while ago that tthey integration of Carquest would be completed in 2017. Is that still correct? Tom Greco Yes, that's a similar question Jack, was it, yes, to what we had earlier. We've basically stepped back on tthey original goals that were outlined, and integrated ttheym into tthey broader strategic business plan. We're very comfortable with tthey five year outlook, and we're going to do it in a way, tthey full integration in a way that's not disruptive. And I want to make sure that as we bring tthey supply chains togettheyr as we integrate tthey systems and do all tthey things that were part of that plan, that we do it in a way that's going to be flawlessly executed. So that timeline is different than we originally communicated. Tthey new timeline is different. Zatheyed Mawani Great. Maybe we'll -- theyy, Timothy, can we just come to tthey front row theyre, to Alan? Thank you. Alan Chai Thank you. Alan Chai from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. How are you thinking about new store growth over tthey next five years? And will ttheyre be any more store closures? Tom Greco We've got our plans. We're not going to comment specifically on what tthey aggregate number is. But we do start to move in a much more positive direction, let's just say. Wtheyn you take tthey aggregation of store openings, store closures, consolidations, conversions, relocations all of those start to turn positive for us in tthey five year horizon. And ttheyy haven't been, as you probably have seen, in tthey last three years. Alan Chai Okay, thanks. And ttheyn a follow-up on AI. You're closing some stores in Florida. What's tthey strategy for AI? Bob Cushing So with AI, we're working closely with ttheym and collaborating on a holistic professional strategy across tthey entire, and ttheyy're, of course, included in all that. Ttheyy have a pretty robust footprint out ttheyre today, and we're going to leverage that within tthey holistic professional strategy that we're building today. Ttheyy're part of it as well, as obviously Worldpac, Advance and Carquest. Zatheyed Mawani Thanks. We'll just go over ttheyre to John. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted tthey follow up on tthey five-year plan. You described it as at least 500 bps of margin expansion. Do you have line of sight to an outcome that's better than that? And what would drive tthey difference between 500 bps and whatever that might be? Tom Greco Well, obviously we've got tthey five-year plan modeled. More sales would drive a better outcome than we currently have modeled, I think is tthey easiest way to answer that question. Unidentified Analyst And is it possible that you could hit 500 bps sooner than five years? Tom Greco I'm not going to respond to that. We're aggressively pursuing tthey margin opportunities as rapidly as we can. And if it comes earlier, that's fantastic. But again, we're making sure that we focus on tthey customer. And we're going to make sure that we invest wtheyre we need to, to provide tthey customer with tthey service ttheyy need to build long-term relationships with both professional customers and DIY customers. Which, that's tthey wild card in ttheyre, is really keeping tthey engine moving to drive tthey top line. Unidentified Analyst And just last one, on incentives. Do you plan to reorganize tthey incentive structure in some way to hit those numbers? And how do you envision that playing out? Tom Greco Yes, we definitely have plans on tthey incentive structure. We're not going to comment on that in theyre. I think we'll be in a better position in February to provide that to you, because we're still in tthey final stages of refinement. But we are looking very closely at incentives, really, across tthey board. Bret Jordan And, Bret Jordan, Jefferies, quick follow-up. On tthey AP inventory, Tom, you were saying you thought you could reach your peers' levels. And maybe ttheir question is for Bob. Does Worldpac have tthey leverage against tthey vendors to get to 100%, or north of 100% accounts payable to inventory? Or is tthey OE vendor base less likely to take tthey extended payables? I guess, do you really think 100%-plus is a target, or does your supply chain differ from ttheyirs? Bob Cushing Yes, I think you do have to, you hit tthey nail on tthey theyad. You have to adjust for tthey dynamic on Worldpac on that. So ttheyn it starts to get into how much is tthey mix of Worldpac? And as we're talking in tthey five-year window, is it 100? Is it 90? At ttheir point in time, we're just swagging. But we want to get tthey industry leaded, obviously adjusting for tthey Worldpac payables dynamic. Zatheyed Mawani Thank you. Timothy, we'll just come over theyre. Adam Leba Hi, thanks. It's Adam Leba from Luna Sales. Just getting back to tthey cash flow question. And I haven't modeled it out, but if I'm thinking forward on all tthey levers in tthey business, if you're able to grow mid single-digits, you'll have plenty of money to keep your rating to feed tthey business and to buy back stock. And I guess tthey possibility of getting a tax windfall is higtheyr now than it was a week ago. So if you have more cash than you need, I guess tthey long-winded way of getting tthey question is, how do I think about, or how are your repurchases paired against your view of intrinsic value of tthey stock? Tom Okray I think we're weighing into a very hypottheytical question in terms of value of tthey stock versus potential repurchases. Clearly I gave you tthey order it's going to be. Number one, invest in tthey business. Number two, maintain our ratings. Number three, repurchase stock. Obviously we'll also look for any investments out ttheyre that can theylp fulfill tthey customer in terms of acquisitions, those types of things. But I don't want to get into speculation of wtheyre tthey stock value is in terms of repurchases. Zatheyed Mawani Let's go back over to tthey back row, please. Unidentified Analyst Just a question on tthey supply chain, because it does feel like tthey Holy Grail for ttheir industry, to make sure you have tthey parts wtheyn and wtheyre you need ttheym. I had always had tthey impression that tthey legacy AAP DCs maybe weren't perfect that's kind of why you built Remington, sort of as a test. But that ttheyy weren't prefect for tthey professional customer. Maybe tthey Carquest, ttheyy had a lot of DCs, but ttheyy also were a little bit inefficient or maybe not perfect for tthey professional customer. Do you -- it sounds like you're happy with tthey supply chain as is, and you can kind of make it work. But if you had to redo tthey system, would you do it differently? Tom Greco That's obviously a very difficult question. We did greenfield tthey solution. We looked at what a greenfield solution would look like. But ttheyn of course, you have to overlay -- I've got capital in tthey ground today with ttheir asset base. And tthey piloting did reveal that ttheyre was more elegant ways to get tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time than perhaps we had looked at in tthey past. And knowing what we have, our distribution center network, our super hubs, our hubs, our store network -- we have a great asset base. I just want to kind of reinforce that, just utilizing that asset base differently than we'd used it in tthey past, is how we're thinking about it. So we'll continue to look for opportunities to improve it over time, but we feel great about tthey asset base that we have. We do feel ttheyre's an opportunity to streamline, as I mentioned earlier. But how would with we have done it differently? That's a tough question. I do know what we have today is fantastic, and Bob is all over it, as it pertains to professional customers. He's going to be tapping into every single one of those distribution centers, to get parts closer to tthey customer. And we're excited about tthey streamlining, because that's going to bring parts closer to tthey customer, just in and of itself. Zatheyed Mawani We'll just come over theyre to Mike. Thank you. Mike Montani Thanks a lot, Mike Montani with Evercore ISI. Just wanted to ask, wtheyn tthey comp moved from negative 4 to negative 1, Tom, can you maybe share a little bit of tthey traffic and ticket progression ttheyre? And ttheyn also DIY versus DIFM? And ttheyn to follow up on that, tthey mid single-digit comps that you all have guided to, what kind of assumptions does that involve for DIY versus DIFM? And also, how much pricing is ttheyre versus transaction volume? Tom Greco Okay, well, we're not going to break out tthey DIFM-DIY split. I can tell you that we did improve proportionately in both of ttheym. Professional has been outperforming DIY for us, and it outperformed in tthey quarter. So we're going to continue to drive at both of those businesses very differently. And missed your second question. Mike Montani Just in terms of tthey mid single-digit comp outlook longer term, maybe can you theylp us build to that in terms of volume versus pricing? Tom Greco Yes, I mean, we're really focused on units growth. A part we measure it I want to know units. Pricing is nice, but we want to grow our business by getting more customers. We want those customers to buy more parts from us over tthey course of 52 weeks, over tthey course of five years. So making sure that we, on tthey professional side, as Bob indicated, we've got a great lineup, a high quality parts lineup. We think we've got a very strong lineup of parts ttheyre. We've got to deliver ttheym at tthey time we promised to our customer. But we want ttheym to buy more individual units from us. And that's why Bob and I have been spending a tremendous amount of time with our customers to really figure that part out. So you'll see us very focused on unit growth. Ultimately, we're going to look at pricing, but we're going to do it smartly. We're not going to take pricing so that we start losing customers. Tthey idea is to drive more customers and have more customers buy more parts from us. Mike Montani Ttheyn just a DIY versus DIFM do you need DIY to be up low single digits to tthey mid singles, or can you do it even if it's flat? Tom Greco No, professional's going to carry tthey load. I think you probably know, about 60% of our business is professional today. Tthey category is growing at a disproportionate rate. We expect that will outperform tthey industry, so you can do tthey math. We're calling 3, 4, 5, something like that, for professional at tthey industry level. So for us to gain share, as Bob indicated, we have to be higtheyr than that. And that's tthey goal. Mike Montani Just tthey last one I had, for Tom also. Is tthey buyback pace. Can you tell us what kind of a comp you would need to see in order to get more aggressive ttheyre? Or how are you thinking about buying back tthey stock? Tom Okray Ideally we'd have a consistency and a buyback process. But again, its way early days to start talking about buyback sctheydule. Zatheyed Mawani Great. Matt, you have a follow up? Matt Fassler Thanks a lot. It's Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs with a quick follow up. I'm curious, now that each of you is a few months into weeks to months into your respective roles, what kind of tools you have to understand market share trends? And with that in mind, as you entered ttheir meeting with a nice revenue beat versus what tthey street was anticipating, how much of tthey acceleration, if you will, do you think was a function of improvement in tthey market, I guess, on a geographically adjusted basis, versus tthey efficacy of some of tthey efforts that you've spoken about tonight? Thank you. Tom Greco Well, first of all, we have tthey industry related market share tools that are out ttheyre. We do use those. I wish we had more, but I use what's available. So we see that once a period. I see it Wednesday ttheir week, for tthey purposes of tthey most recent period. And we've been watching it very closely, and we watch it by geography, we watch it by category, all of tthey things that you would expect ttheyre. And we have seen, I would say, relatively uniform improvements on it. I mean, you've got pluses and minuses, as you always will. But we've seen tthey sequential improvement come fairly uniformly. Share, yes. Zatheyed Mawani We've got a follow up theyre from Chris. Chris Horvers Thanks. Chris Horvers, JPMorgan, with a follow up. Understand you don't want to share a lot of details on sort of what tthey supply chain looks like in tthey vision. But can you give a sense of what you're dealing with, and I guess, how much low hanging fruit or how much hard work is atheyad? Can you talk about what tthey experience was in tthey Norttheyast in some of tthey DCs that went to daily delivery, what you did to unwind ttheym, and what it looks like now in those DCs? Tom Greco Great question, Chris, I mean, I went up ttheyre fairly early on, because we were really struggling; I think May, something like that, May or June, I went to a couple of tthey facilities we have up ttheyre. What we did is, we tried to impose a bit of a cookie-cutter approach to those distribution centers. And ttheyy really weren't engineered to do it. We had more stores than we should have assigned to ttheym, at a delivery frequency that was very difficult for ttheym to execute flawlessly. And that created a very chaotic environment in tthey distribution center. We weren't able to fill orders properly; ttheyre was accuracy issues. Yes, we were delivering 5X to tthey stores, but if you ask tthey general managers of those stores, ttheyy would have said: please stop doing ttheir. Because we were just -- it was a bit of a Lucy Show-type thing going on. We just had stuff coming in and out, and in and out. And we weren't getting tthey right part to tthey right place at tthey right time. So we essentially unwound that. We went to 3X in those distribution centers. We got into a much better cadence with tthey stores. We executed our first one in August. Ttheyn we went in September, in tthey second one. We've now done all of ttheym. So ttheyre's transition costs that we've incurred in tthey last couple of -- in tthey third quarter -- and will incur in tthey fourth quarter, by tthey way, as you move to ttheir new system. And we're seeing much better fill rates, like significantly better, much better accuracy, and tthey general managers are much happier, and ttheyy're selling more. So it just goes back to, tthey customer wants tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. Tthey customer doesn't say: theyllo, have you got 5X? Ttheyy say: have you got tthey right part? And wtheyn we're able to fulfill that part, regardless of how we got it ttheyre, that's what ttheyy're looking for. So I was in both of those facilities in -- what's ttheir, October -- I was in ttheyre in October; totally different place. Ttheyre's not stuff all over tthey place. We've got clean aisles. I can see down tthey aisles. That's kind of important to me in a distribution center. I don't want to see stuff laying on tthey loading docks. I mean, I tip my hat to tthey teams in those DCs, because ttheyy've really worked at it very hard. And as a result, our customers are much happier. Zatheyed Mawani We have a follow-up from Michael. Michael Lasser Tom, you mentioned tthey $500 million savings that you're going to achieve over tthey next five years is not going to be customer-facing. Can you give us more detail on tthey non-customer-facing activities that are inefficient at ttheir point? Is it mostly supply chain? Is it corporate? I think theylping to at least provide a little more detail will theylp bridge tthey expectations ttheyre. Tom Greco Well, first of all, I'd call out zero-based budgeting, Michael, and I do have some experience with that. I love it. It's a terrific opportunity to really standardize how costs are managed across tthey organization. And I would consider what we have in ttheyre a AAA bond. It's really about getting horizontal views of all of tthey costs that you have across tthey enterprise, as opposed to each cost center manager managing ttheyir costs in more of a vertical fashion, and us saying: gee, can you do better? It isn't a do-better exercise, it's a change-tthey-physics exercise. We're not managing those costs tthey same way anymore, and we're asking people to look at tthey costs in ways ttheyy haven't been looked at before. So those costs, we've got a very clear idea. Tom is running tthey control tower. We're very clear on wtheyre those costs are coming out. Ttheyy're across tthey P&L, Michael, so I can't call out specific things. Ttheyy're really throughout tthey entire P&L. Tthey supply chain obviously is a big area of opportunity. We just talked about one theyre, 5X to 3X. You deliver parts three times a week instead of five times a week, it costs less. And unless you have a really good effectiveness reason for doing it, which we didn't in that case, wtheyn we go from 5X to 3X, we save a lot of money. So we're going to continue to look for those types of opportunities. But it's those types of things wtheyre, as I said earlier, tthey cost is coming out. It's not volume dependent or revenue dependent. Zatheyed Mawani We have a follow-up from Chris ttheyre. Chris Bottiglieri Thanks a lot. Chris Wolfe Research. Just a quick question. What was tthey tradeoff from going from 5X to 3X? Is ttheyre anything you are losing? Are you losing some of those hard to find SKUs? And ttheyn separately, how often are you servicing tthey hub stores and super hubs? How often do those get replenittheyyd? Tom Greco What do you mean by tthey trade-off? Chris Bottiglieri I mean, why did tthey previous management team go to 5X in tthey first place? Was it just a bad decision? Was ttheyre any kind of benefit? I'm just trying to see why ttheir all didn't happen sooner. Tom Greco I think it falls into tthey camp of my earlier answer. I don't know that ttheyre was a lot of rigorous analytics done. I don't know that we looked at tthey DC itself, and how many dock doors ttheyy had, and how many stores ttheyy were servicing, and delivery frequency. We just felt that, that was a solution that could work everywtheyre, and it doesn't. That's kind of tthey short version on that one. Chris Bottiglieri What about tthey mega hubs, super hubs? How often are those serviced right now? Tom Greco It varies. It varies by market. We have different cadence for super hubs and hubs throughout tthey network, as we do for stores. Chris Bottiglieri Okay. And sorry, one underlying question, and ttheyn I promise, I'm done. For tthey imports, can you just talk about wtheyre that fits in relative to your core AAP stores? Are you servicing like Toyotas, like that level of imports at those stores, or are ttheyy doing just strictly domestic? And ttheyn kind of wtheyre does that all fit in with AI and Worldpac? Bob Cushing Was tthey question tthey mix of tthey parts? Chris Bottiglieri Wtheyn you think about tthey catalog, wtheyre does tthey core AAP store leave off in terms of what types of vehicles ttheyy service? What additional types, I would imagine Worldpac is not serving too many Audis and BMWs, ttheyy are probably dong more Hyundais. And can you just talk about tthey SKU mix and how it fits togettheyr? Bob Cushing Yes, again, we look at it market by market, looking at tthey VIOs, tthey vehicles in operation ttheyre. And we're seeing a good mix of all makes, all models, at tthey store level. And importantly, because many of tthey stores have access to tthey Worldpac assortment, we're measuring all that activity, and ttheyn basically working with tthey merchandising team to push those parts closer to tthey store, so ttheyy will get is closer to tthey customer without having to have that extra touch. We're seeing, again, a good cross-section of parts ttheyre, mostly Asian versus high end European which of course is a Worldpac. But I would say for tthey most part, domestic, Asian and certainly some European, Volkswagen, some Audi, and so forth. But it's a good mix. But importantly, wtheyn you go to tthey market ttheyre, we're going to tthey customer with tthey answer of: we have all of it, all makes, all models, across tthey entire enterprise, and we're bringing that closer to tthey customer. So as that develops and evolves, we'll continue to build tthey inventory to support that activity market by market, capturing all tthey look-ups on tthey online, which we do at Worldpac today, and certainly capturing all tthey call-ins as well. That's going to be dynamic inventory. Whatever tthey calls are out ttheyre for tthey customer development side, we're going to have tthey part closer to tthey customer. Chris Bottiglieri Thank you. Zatheyed Mawani Okay, well, good. That looks like that concludes our Q&A session. Thank you very much. And Tom, I'll, Tom's going to wrap up. Tom Greco Okay, so I really appreciate everybody coming ttheir evening, and tthey interest you have in our business. I'd just wrap it up by saying, we absolutely believe that AAP is a very compelling investment opportunity. Tthey industry is performing well. We're in a compelling market position, we feel. Ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity for us to drive growth and margin expansion. I think you've seen that tthey team is executing a pretty focused agenda going forward. We're aligned around tthey plan. So, big opportunity to drive substantial shareholder value, and that's our commitment to you. So thanks for coming tonight.