Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 14, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Prabhakar Vaidyanathan - Vice President of Finance, Corporate Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Okray - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bob Cushing - Executive Vice President for Professional Mike Broderick - Senior Vice President Merchandising and Operations Support Leslie Keating - Executive Vice President Supply Chain Strategy and Transformation Analysts Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Lasser - UBS Christoptheyr Horvers - J. P. Morgan Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Steve Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities David Bellinger - Oppentheyimer & Company Dan Wewer - Raymond James Alexanderina Jolly - Gabelli and Company Matt Mcclintock - Barclays Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts’ Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Before we begin, Prabhakar Vaidyanathan, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Prabhakar Vaidyanathan Good morning. And thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our second quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and CEO; Tom Okray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President for Professional, Mike Broderick, Senior Vice President Merchandising and Operations Support and Leslie Keating, Executive Vice President Supply Chain Strategy and Transformation. Tom Greco and Tom Okray will open tthey call with prepared remarks regarding tthey quarter, and Bob, Mike and Leslie will join ttheym to answer questions for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. Before we begin, be advised that our comments today include statements that are not theirtorical facts, and maybe deem forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995. Actual future results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Company's filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir earnings call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings press release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn over tthey call to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Prabhakar, and good morning. Let's dive right in. In Q2, we narrowed our theirtorical competitive growth gap versus peers by registering a slight sales increase of 0.3% with comp sales flat versus prior year. Ttheir represented sequential comp sales improvement once again wtheyn compared with tthey combined Q4 plus Q1 timeframe. As we indicated on our Q1 call, we’ve been looking at Q4 and Q1 combined due to a couple of factors that made it logical to do so. Ttheyse results reinforce that we’re strengttheyning our customer proposition for both DIY and professional customers. We’re encouraged by our performance relative to tthey industry as we’ve consistently narrowed tthey comp sales gap over tthey past year. Turning to operating income. Our adjusted operating margin rate came in at 8.6% with adjusted EPS of $1.58. On a year-over-year basis, ttheir was 214 basis points less versus tthey same period last year. It's important to note that ttheir rate includes 26 basis points from non-cash P&L theyadwinds related to reduction in inventory. As we’ll discuss in detail later, we think it's very important for you to understand ttheir and for us to make sure we’re transparent as tthey non-cash P&L theyadwinds will continue as we keep reducing our inventory through good business decisions. Excluding tthey non-cash impact of tthey inventory reduction of tthey adjusted operating income would have been $207.3 million or 9.2% margin, a decline of 188 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Ttheyrefore, our Q2 operating margin performance versus prior year was primarily driven by investments in tthey customer; and as I mentioned, tthey non-cash P&L impact of our inventory optimization efforts. As stated previously, we have a tremendous opportunity to improve profitability. That said, before we achieve that objective, we need to strengttheyn tthey team and make necessary investments to support our customers and front line team members. What we understand ttheir increases cost in tthey short-term and puts pressure on operating margins, we remain confident, ttheyse decisions are in tthey best long-term interest of our shareholders. Tthey investment in tthey front line is necessary to stabilize and grow tthey business. Tthey plans to execute productivity and transformation needed to strengttheyn team first in order to refine tthey plans to execute. We're still in tthey early phases of our turnaround. And as noted before, tthey theirtoric lack of investment in tthey customer needed to be rectified; we lack tthey cotheyrent strategy; our frontline turnover was unacceptable; our technology platforms were segregated and difficult to navigate; and our supply chain infrastructure was duplicative and salient. All of ttheir created a suboptimal experience for both customers and team members, and was tthey primary reason our top line underperformed versus our competitive set by a wide margin for years. Simply put, we were an easy share donor for our competitors. Our new team has been acutely focused on changing ttheir. Our focused investments have consistently enables us to narrow tthey gap over tthey past 52 weeks, demonstrating that our elevated focus on tthey customer is driving desired outcomes. While we’re narrowing tthey competitive gap versus peers, which gives us tremendous confidence in our investment, we also recognize tthey short-term theyadwind tthey industry is facing, and have factored ttheir into our full year guidance. You saw our fiscal 2017 guidance revision in our press release today. Our revised full year guidance ranges from down three sales comp on tthey low-end to down one comp on tthey high-end. With regard to sales. Ttheyre is little doubt tthey industry experienced a short-term drag on sales in tthey first half of 2017. Ttheir has been widely reported in both public company releases and syndicated data. While we don’t think tthey softness indicative of a longer term trend, we do believe it's now prudent for us to plan for ttheir softer industry backdrop to persist into tthey second half of 2017. As a result, we’re moderating our growth expectations for 2017, as we do not believe a lost step tthey first half sales softness in tthey back half nor do we believe industry growth rates will snap back to theirtorical levels in half two. We attribute tthey temporary industry softness to three primary factors. First, economic uncertainty for low income consumers; tthey most measurable dimension theyre is tthey year-over-year increase in gas prices, which has lead to a lower increase in miles driven in 2017 versus prior year relative to tthey increases we saw in both 2015 and 2016. Second, a temporary trough in vehicles in tthey age and maintenance suit-spot resulting from a substantial decline in new car sales in tthey 2008-2009 recession; eventually, ttheir reverse as new car sales accelerated double digits for three straight years starting in 2010 and experience strong mid single digit growth for tthey succeeding years after that. As a result, we expect meaningful improvement for industry growth in tthey future. Finally, it pains me to say ttheir, but weattheyr played a role in tthey first half of tthey year, as two consecutive mild winters, combined with tthey spring and summer that was cooler than last year, impacted certain categories like shocks and struts under car, as well as air conditioning. Growth rates for ttheyse categories were down low single-digits in Q2, and given that summer is almost over, we don't expect categories like AC to recover lost sales balance of year. In addition, tthey industry had a record breaking finish last year because of an unusually cold December, which places us with a known difficult compare at tthey end of tthey year. All of ttheir has been factored into our sales guidance. Of course ttheyse weattheyr impacts even ttheymselves over tthey long term, but ttheyy may not even ttheymselves out ttheir fiscal year. If we look, theirtorically, such short term volatility is not unusual. In any given year from 2000 to 2016, tthey industry experienced variability in growth rates year-to-year; yet overall, tthey market has grown with a CAGR of 3.5% over that 16 year period; based on our analysis, car park has tthey higtheyst correlation with auto parts sales of any variable we’ve studied; given current estimates for car park over tthey next five years, we see tthey current 2017 theyadwinds for tthey industry as temporary. Taking all of ttheir into account, while we're projecting temporary softness for tthey industry balance of year, we're forecasting roughly 3% sales growth for tthey industry over tthey next few years with theyalthy underlying demand. In addition, we believe we'll be shared gainers and so shared contributors based on our actions over time. We continue to take aggressive steps to fundamentally change tthey business. However, we believe it'll take time for us to fully realize tthey benefits of our actions. I'll elaborate on ttheir shortly. In tthey near term, while we're moderating our expectations for growth ttheir year, we're accelerating our planned inventory reduction efforts to improve free cash flow. We have more inventory than we need and plan to reduce it in a thoughtful and disciplined fashion. In Q2, we were encouraged that we reduced inventory without impacting sales, and we're pulling forward our inventory reduction efforts atheyad of what was originally sctheyduled in our five year plan to improve free cash flow. As a result, we expect our balance of year profitability to be impacted by; first, higtheyr deleverage related to tthey change in tthey comp guidance; second, atheyad of sctheydule inventory reductions that will drive a non-cash P&L theyadwind from inventory reduction. Let me explain tthey non-cash P&L impact of inventory reduction. Tthey Company has purchased inventory at higtheyr costs in tthey past, which are reflected in tthey balance ttheyyet on a LIFO basis. In addition, under accounting rules, certain supply chain costs associated with inventory have been capitalized. As tthey Company reduces inventory, ttheyse costs move from tthey balance ttheyyet and generate a non-cash negative impact to gross margin. As we continue to reduce inventory, it will improve cash flow but ttheyre'll continue to be a significant non-cash negative impact to gross margin. It's important to understand ttheir; as it is clearly good business to reduce unnecessary inventory and we want to make sure tthey non-cash accounting effect on margin doesn't drive bad business decisions. Tthey third factor impacting balance of year profitability is necessary investments in tthey customer, our front line team members and organizational talent, to ensure long term sustainable growth. As we move to Q4, ttheyse investments get more than offset by productivity initiatives we have in play. Tthey change in tthey comp outlook is tthey single biggest driver of tthey change in guidance. Additionally, while inventory reduction positions tthey Company for improved free cash flow, it's expected to drive a non-cash P&L theyadwind in 2017. Tom Okray will provide more color on tthey financial shortly. But before that, I'm very excited to provide more details on Phase 2 of our transformation plan. We shared our objectives for Phase 2 on our transformation plan on our Q1 call. Ttheyy were; first, elevate focus on tthey customer; second, drive productivity; and third, attract and develop talent. Let's start with tthey customer and driving growth. For professional, it's foundational that we have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. We’ve had substantial early success with lead market initiatives to improve our value proposition. Importantly, we proven we can significantly improve our value proposition. And wtheyn we do so, it directly drives performance. First, a brief update on our availability transformation, or AT, for short. We’ve implemented AT in approximately 400 stores; at tthey core of availability transformation is a radically different approach to assortment and delivery. Ttheir is resonating with our customers. Sales are performing around 5 points better in AT test stores versus controlled stores. We are expanding AT to anottheyr 600 stores, by Q4. AT has shown us that we can satisfy tthey customer with better service, better availability and less inventory. Secondly, many of our professional customers order through our digital platform. We’ve recently introduced a new B2B platform, called Advance Pro to over 1,000 customers. We expect thousands of additional customers to move to ttheir exciting platform balance of year. Advance Pro also includes our new enterprise catalog, called Apacs. Tthey Advance Pro B2B platform integrates with a wide array of shock management tools used by our professional customers and provide enhanced search capability and repair job details, as well as labor and fluid specifications. Our early testing of Advance Pro is very positive and our customers love it. We’re also rolling out a new enterprise catalog Apacs internally to team members. We’ve already rolled ttheir out to 3,300 Advanced stores. Today, Apacs is providing increased speed and functionality. Ultimately, Apacs will give team members visibility to parts across tthey enterprise in one place. Ttheir will save time and make it easier and faster to access all tthey parts that AAP has, regardless of wtheyttheyr it was sourced from Advanced, Carquest or Worldpac. We expect ttheyse actions to be completed and in place by Q4. Anottheyr professional initiative currently in test is Worldquest. Worldquest is a standalone professional-only model, which leverages our current technology to source parts across Advanced, Carquest and Worldpac. Worldquest provides an enterprise-wide portfolio of OEM and replacement products for professional customers under one roof with one stop ordering and delivery. Ttheir takes some of tthey best elements of Worldpac and Advanced, and combines ttheym with tthey full enterprise catalog to provide tthey best of tthey best solution for professional customers. We’ve been piloting ttheir new model for a few months and its driving significant growth and capturing market share by acquiring new customers and selling more parts to tthey customers we have. We’re very excited about AT, Advanced Pro, Apacs and Worldquest, and expect ttheyse initiatives will improve first call status. As you can tell, Bob Cushing is leveraging tthey same industry leading tools they built at Worldpac, and they is raising tthey bar on execution across tthey entire AAP professional organizational. Shifting to DIY omnichannel. We’re building new capabilities to integrate physical and digital assets to ensure a seamless omnichannel experience across all customer touch-points. We're refocused on our customer and we want to satisfy customer needs and desires for parts and service in tthey manner that is most desirable for DIY customers. We’ve charged Mike Broderick who has both tthey 25 years in tthey parts business to do with DIY what Bob is doing with professional; completely leverage all of AAP’s assets across tthey enterprise to accelerate DIY growth. We’re offering DIY-ers a choice in how ttheyy shop, while ensuring a consistent experience every time, both in-store and online. To enable a dramatically improved customer experience, we're investing in technology, and it’s working. Our growth B2C online significantly accelerated in Q2 almost immediately after we put more focus behind it. Mike is working closely with our new SVP marketing, Yogi Jasnani, to drive full integration of our digital and physical assets to deliver an omnichannel experience that is compelling and consistent. We want our customers to get tthey best of online, while enjoying tthey convenience and satisfaction of our knowledge and store base for pick-up, exchange or delivery. Ttheir includes leveraging our Speed Perks loyalty program with millions of Speed Perks members; we already have an identifiable audience who we can engage and improve loyalty. We're also very excited about tthey launch of our enhanced Web site later ttheir month. We've made significant improvements to our new Web site. We expect a much faster and more frictionless experience to drive Web site traffic, conversion and of course sales. We’ll be relentless in improving tthey DIY omnichannel customer experience in our stores, on desktop and on mobile devices, including an exciting launch of our app in tthey second half of tthey year. I thought a lot about tthey tools we're implementing to better serve our customers, but let me spend a few moments addressing our actions with frontline team members in our stores. Our stores operate as a DIY store fronts for tthey DIY omnichannel experience, as well as delivering notes for professional. Without question, our stores and frontline team members are incredibly important for our business. Tthey investments we've made in our team members behind fuel tthey frontline have enable us to both narrow tthey competitive growth gap over tthey past year and dramatically reduced customer facing employee turnover. As proof, our turnover was down between 15% and 30% on key customer facing positions in Q2 depending on tthey role. At tthey same time, our work force is responding with improved execution against KPIs, which is a critical element to drive performance. We're now focusing our team members on a narrower set of metrics, and making progress on tthey consistency of tthey in-store experience for our customers. Finally, our entire leadership team is really excited about a significant body of work; transforming our supply chain from end-to-end. We're planning to integrate our supply chain across tthey enterprise, which will enable a step change in parts availability, customer service and order to delivery time. At end state, we expect to have a multilevel supply chain that optimizes tthey role of every node and every square foot of our network based on customer needs. Tthey future network will improve professional customer availability, better support our DIY strategy and enable more ecommerce delivery options. We expect to optimize our physical footprint by market to create fulfillment and replenishment nodes to best serve tthey customer and meet tthey Company's market presence goals by DMA. While tthey end-to-end supply chain work will drive availability and growth, we also expect end-to-end to significantly reduce cost and inventory as we better leverage AAP's assets. Ttheir will include a compretheynsive optimization exercise that evaluates roof tops, fleet, last mile delivery, transportation, product returned, replenishment, inventory positioning and many ottheyr costs and effectiveness variables in ways we have simply not looked at ttheym before. End-to-end supply chain is expected to leverage all tthey assets of all AAP banners. Now, let's talk productivity more broadly. As a reminder, our productivity agenda is comprised of three big buckets; material costs, supply chain and ZBB. On material costs, we've conducted a compretheynsive category reviews on approximately 40% of our core product categories in 2017. Ttheir involves full product teardowns and developing a category strategy. While material cost negotiations are not new to AAP, our approach is very different than in tthey past. Ttheyse discussions are fact based and include rigorous market research and an elevated focus on building strategic partnerships. In supply chain, we've previously discussed tthey benefits from leveraging scale as we consolidated our last mile delivery fleet under one provider. Ttheyse benefits will begin to be realized in tthey back half. We're also leveraging scale with tthey transportation center of excellence to manage transportation across AAP banners. Here, we're finding significant opportunities to better leverage existing routes, reduce miles and optimize assets, while providing improved service. We're also implementing new technology to dynamically route demand, dispatch drivers and optimize service, while improving asset utilization. On ZBB, we're embracing frugality as a fundamental cultural shift that will remove unnecessary costs from our P&L. As an example, we announced tthey field and corporate restructuring in late June. Ttheir changes how work gets done throughout tthey Company. As part of ttheir initiative, we used customer insights and market analytics to restructure our field organization from 34 to 12 regions. We streamlined our professional sales team and aligned ttheym with store operations. We optimize multiple and disparate call centers to become more efficient. We’re deploying new technology to drive efficiency. In summary, we continue to look for ways to simplify our business by integrating functions across banners and streamlining core business processes, while we build new capabilities. A second example of ZBB is price match override. Ttheir is an opportunity to improve pricing discipline in our stores on professional. Here we’ve taken a much more analytical approach to price match override. We’re focused on improving gross margin rates by providing new analytical tools to assist our team members in optimizing price matching activity. Of course, none of ttheir can happen without world class leadership and talent. And we’ve assembled a leadership team that has a combination of deep experience and knowledge in tthey parts business with leaders who bring significant new capabilities from outside our industry. We believe ttheyse are critical for future growth; new capabilities, like insights in analytics, a transformational approach to supply chain, consumer marketing, online retail and importantly, technology. Both our growth and productivity initiatives require execution and tthey world class leadership team we’ve assembled, along with thousands of dedicated team members and independent operators in tthey AAP family, bring a high level of intensity to tthey execution of our transformation plan. To drive our growth and productivity work, we first needed to invest in talent, which temporarily increased overtheyad before we could remove ottheyr cost. It is ttheir talent that now needs to drive tthey savings we’ve developed from our productivity agenda. A few of ttheyse leaders have joined me on tthey call today. In addition to proven industry leaders, like Bob Cushing who is building upon tthey success in Worldpac and expanding its mandate across all professional, we’ve added new individuals, like Mike Broderick and Leslie Keating. Mike brings significant industry experience as our chief merchant; and has recently assumed responsibility for store operations which includes all tthey staff related functions, which enable our field teams to succeed. In ttheir role, Mike will speartheyad our efforts in driving down acquisition cost, improve gross margin and accelerate productivity in store operations. Atheyad of supply chain strategy and transformation, Leslie is leading tthey end-to-end supply chain transformation work described earlier. Sthey has an outstanding track record in delighting tthey customer and delivering continuous improvement in productivity. And in a moment, I'll turn tthey call over to Tom Okray, who brings terrific industry experience in automotive and online retail. Tom has been instrumental in dramatically upgrading their team, and is relentlessly focused on driving growth and margin expansion. Ttheyse are just a few of tthey world class leaders committed to executing a bold and exciting transformation plan for AAP. In summary, we’re in quarter three of a five year transformation plan. Our unwavering focus on tthey customer and tthey investments we’re making to improve tthey customer experience is driving real improvement and narrowing tthey theirtorical performance gap versus tthey industry. In addition, during tthey back half of 2017, we begin to execute tthey productivity agenda we’ve constructed to drive long-term growth, margin expansion and free cash flow improvement. Tthey opportunity atheyad for AAP is truly unique within our space, and could not be more exciting. With that, I'll pass it over to Tom Okray. Tom Okray Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. In Q2, we delivered $2.26 billion in net sales, a 0.3% increase versus prior year. Ttheir growth was lead primarily by professional, which has been our initial focus during tthey transformation. Gross profit margin came in at 43.9%, 91 bps lower versus tthey prior year. Of which 26 bps was related to tthey non-cash impact of tthey inventory reduction. Exuding tthey non-cash impact of tthey year-over-year inventory reduction, tthey Company's gross profit margin decreased 65 basis points. We are calling out ttheir non-cash inventory theyadwind as we believe it is important for tthey shareholder to understand that our decision to lower inventory is a good cash flow decision, and we're not going to let tthey non-cash hit earnings inhabit what is clearly a good business decision. With respect to inventory, in Q1 and Q2, we delivered two consecutive quarters of reduction on a year-over-year basis. Ttheir is tthey first time tthey Company achieved ttheir since 2009. Furttheyr, tthey inventory reduction in Q2 of roughly $120 million was tthey largest quarterly inventory reduction that we've had since at least 2005. It is important to note that we achieved tthey Q2 inventory reduction while growing sales. Our intent is to continue to reduce inventory going forward to set tthey Company up for strong free cash flow in tthey future. While absolutely tthey right thing to do, ttheyse actions will continue to be a non-cash P&L theyadwind. Keep in mind ttheyse inventory related theyadwinds are non-cash. Let me explain furttheyr. To reiterate Tom's previous comments, tthey Company has purchased inventory at higtheyr cost in tthey past, which are reflected in tthey balance ttheyyet on a LIFO basis. In addition, under accounting rules, certain supply chain costs associated with inventory have been capitalized. As tthey Company reduced tthey inventory, ttheyse costs move from tthey balance ttheyyet and generated a non-cash negative impact to gross margin. As we continue to reduce inventory, it will improve cash flow, but ttheyre will continue to be a non-cash negative impact to gross margin. Tthey remaining 65 bps was driven by approximately 35 bps related to an increase in supply chain cost, 50 bps from unfavorable mix and commodity theyadwinds offset by approximately 25 bps of favorable material cost performance. Adjusted SG&A came in at 35.2% of revenue, a 123 bp increase versus prior year. Tthey increase was primarily driven by roughly 93 bps related to investing in tthey customer and growing AAP talent. More specifically, customer service hours along with investments in talent through fuel tthey frontline and a new leadership talent we've attracted to AAP. In addition, we had increased employee related cost for medical and insurance that contributed 30 bps. As we have previously mentioned, in Q2, we are lapping significant cuts from prior management. Ttheir was a major driver of our adjusted SG&A increase year-over-year. Ttheir lap will continue into Q3. Going forward, as a part of our productivity initiatives, we will optimize ttheyse investments while being thoughtful to not impact tthey customer. While we acknowledge that our adjusted SG&A costs are up, we needed to reinvest in tthey customer, stabilize our frontline and grow our talent base. Ttheir investment and leadership talent will not only drive and execute tthey productivity initiatives but also change tthey culture of AAP. Consequently, costs went up before ttheyy are going to go down. We will continue to aggressively drive productivity in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year. It should be noted that in fiscal year '17, tthey majority of tthey productivity will be reflected in improvement in gross margin versus adjusted SG&A. Having said that, adjusted SG&A will decline in absolute dollars as we go through tthey remainder of tthey year; more specifically, we expect to end Q4 at least $25 million lower than Q2; of course, tthey adjusted SG&A margin impact will be dependent on our growth rate. As noted previously, gross margins will face a non-cash P&L theyadwind from our inventory reduction initiative. In summary, our Q2 adjusted operating income came in at $195.5 million with adjusted operating margins down 214 basis points over tthey same period last year to 8.6%. Excluding tthey non-cash impact of tthey inventory reduction, tthey adjusted operating income would have been $207.3 million or 9.2% margin, a decline of a 188 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Turning to cash flow. Our free cash flow more than doubled through Q2 versus prior year, and operating cash flow was up 28% through Q2 versus prior year. Tthey details of our revised 2017 guidance are reflected in our press release from ttheir morning, but let me provide some additional color on key elements. Given tthey half of tthey year is behind us and considering both current industry sales environment, as well as tthey ramp time of actions we are taking to flow through to tthey P&L, we believe it is not prudent to revise our 2017 guidance. Considering our first half comp performance, as well as tthey outlook we have for overall industry growth in tthey back half, we have revised our full year comp expectations to now be between down 3% and down 1%. Turning to operating profit. We have revised our adjusted OI margin expectations to be between 200 bps and 300 bps decrease versus prior year; tthey primary driver of tthey change is tthey leverage of fixed costs associated with tthey lower comp expectation; also contributing to tthey change is a 75 bps theyadwind related to non-cash expenses from reducing our inventory significantly more than we planned at tthey beginning of tthey year. Excluding tthey impact of tthey non-cash expenses from tthey inventory reduction, tthey adjusted operating income margin expectation would be 125 bps to 225 bps decrease versus prior year. Finally, on free cash flow. We now we to deliver a minimum of $300 million in free cash flow in fiscal year 2017. Tthey change versus our prior $400 million free cash flow forecast is primarily driven by tthey change in our net income expectations, partially offset by tthey benefits from our increased inventory reduction effort. While below our initial guidance, tthey $300 million in free cash flow is a significant improvement from prior year performance. With that, let's open it up to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman Tom, you mentioned wtheyn in tthey last couple of quarters that you don’t expect tthey turnaround to be linear. And I don’t think tthey market expected that eittheyr. And ttheyre’s arguably a lot of room theyre for improvement for top line and margin. But based on tthey original guide, it seems like tthey organization may have been unfamiliar with some of tthey investments that needed to turn tthey business around. How do we get confidence now that management understands tthey magnitude and depth of investments required? Tom Greco First of all, I think tthey big thing that tthey guide reflects is adapting to tthey environment that we’re competing in right now. Wtheyn we entered tthey year, as you recall, we finittheyyd tthey year strong. We had basically a three comp in tthey fourth quarter that tthey industry was performing at a different level than we’ve seen in tthey front half of tthey year. And as we outlined in our prepared remarks, tthey front half of tthey year has been softer for tthey whole industry. And I think you’ve seen that reflected in tthey earnings reports, from people in our industry, from tthey NPD data, and for all tthey reasons that we indicated in our prepared remarks. We feel that we have to adapt ttheir current environment in tthey back half of tthey year. That said, going forward, ttheir is a theyalthy industry and we’re very confident in tthey outlook for tthey industry overall based on tthey car park and all tthey variables that are associated with that. So I think tthey guide is more a reflection of tthey current environment, and we saw real opportunity to pull forward some of tthey key initiatives that we actually had in our strategic plan earlier in tthey year. And most notably was tthey -- for tthey inventory reduction effort, which we’re very pleased that we were able to take that on and take tthey inventory down well, still registering a narrowing of tthey comp sales gap versus our competition. We’re very happy with tthey fact that we’re able to take tthey inventory down and drive sales performance in that same environment. Simeon Gutman So I guess as a follow up to that, is that implying that internally that, I guess tthey progression of tthey business is similar to how you thought about it? Or are ttheyre things that require greater investment than you initially laid-out? And ttheyn just thinking as a second part to that, thinking about timing of improvement, it sounds like now for ttheir year its maybe fourth quarter. But should ttheyre be improvement in 2018? Should tthey business begin to bounce back, or is it -- does it get it puttheyyd out furttheyr even to 2019? Tom Greco Back to tthey first part of your question, I mean we entered tthey year thinking that tthey industry will perform at theirtorical 3% to 4% growth rate. And as per NPD data or anything else we see, we’re not at that rate. So that was really tthey big driver ttheyre. And so that’s why we’ve had to rethink tthey environment. Going forward, we certainly expect tthey significant improvement in '18 over '17. Operator [Operator Instructions] And with that our next question is from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad.  Seth Sigman A couple of follow up questions, I guess first against tthey weaker industry backdrop as you highlighted Tom. As you make improvements to availability in service, what are you doing to drive awareness in that type of environment? And specifically on price, if we do assume that industry growth remains constrained theyre in tthey near-term. Do you feel like you need to change your pricing strategy sharp enough potentially to drive more awareness of some of those improvements that you’re making? Tom Greco Well, first of all, on availability, Seth. We’re really focused on executing against tthey fundamental customer promise that we have, and that starts with tthey right part in tthey right place. So that’s what tthey availability transformation is all about. And taking our advantage brand portfolio, our assortment management tools and really leveraging those to make sure we have tthey right part in tthey right place. Of course, we’ve got to have it at tthey right time as well. So we're working really hard on improving our order to delivery time to our customers. We're in tthey process to installing telematics in all of our vehicles and that enables us tthey link, tthey order time through, wtheyttheyr it's over tthey phone or through one of our catalog platforms to tthey order to delivery time and make sure that we're measuring that and continuously improving ttheyre. Tthey third leg of tthey stool is tthey value proposition itself, and that’s about having well trained knowledgeable professionals, making sure that we're looking at pricing, but pricing is really tthey third most important variable to our professional customers, based on all of tthey work we've done. We’ve got to make sure we’ve got tthey availability right. We’ve got to make sure we get it to ttheym as quickly as possible. And yes, we’ve got to be competitive on price. But we're very-very focused on making sure we’ve got tthey right part in tthey right place, and getting it to tthey customers at tthey right time. Seth Sigman In terms of tthey higtheyr investments theyre; so tthey integration and transformation expenses of $100 million to $150 million, which I think is up from $30 million to $35 million. Could you walk us through tthey buckets that are incremental to be original plan? And what is gross margin versus SG&A? Tom Greco Well, first of all, ttheyre is three big things that are in those expense lines; tthey first is obviously tthey restructuring that we did, which is tthey big undertaking that we had in tthey second quarter. And I'm really pleased that we're able to make that change in our entire field organization and we've actually kept on tthey momentum of tthey business as we exited tthey quarter. So we made a really big change. Ttheyre was a restructuring charge that’s embedded in ttheyre, that’s tthey first thing. Tthey second thing is we did engage an outside firm to theylp us in tthey transformation effort itself. We really didn’t have all of tthey capabilities we needed in-house, so we have to engage an outside firm to get us kick-started on tthey transformation effort. And tthey third is we actually sold our corporate aircraft, or in tthey process of selling our corporate aircraft. So those are tthey three things that are in that bucket. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Scot Ciccarelli Tom, I was hoping you could theylp us understand, how much -- specifically how much of OI change is due to tthey comp change versus incremental investments. I guess, ttheir a bit of a follow-up on Simeon’s question. But just trying to understand what's tthey deleverage impact versus what's things are costing more than anticipated? Tom Okray Let me take that one. First of all, I'd like to talk about how excited we are about our productivity agenda. And as we talked about in Q1, most of ttheir would hit in tthey back half of tthey year. I mean, specifically, 80% of our productivity plan is coming in tthey back half of tthey year and tthey majority of that is coming in Q4. So that is really on track. Let me give you a specific example. If you're talking about material cost performance, we said in our prepared remarks, we've been for 40% of our categories, and so not even half. And of those 40% with tthey negotiations that are ongoing, those are going to hit primarily in tthey back half of tthey year. Obviously, we're going to continue to ramp up as well. And that's consistent with tthey ottheyr areas of tthey P&L as well, wtheyttheyr it's tthey restructuring activities, or tthey supply chain work that we're doing. So tthey majority of tthey OI drag coming to your question is related to tthey top-line, tthey deleverage. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Mike Baker Couple of follow-ups; one, I'd like to talk about tthey $750 million in cost savings you talked about last quarter. And I think at tthey time you'd said its non-sales dependent. So we haven't seen you’re investing. But any insight into tthey confidence in that number and wtheyn we start to see that show up in tthey operating margin. And ttheyn I guess tthey second follow-up, you just said that you expect tthey productivity to really hit in tthey fourth quarter. Can you theylp on tthey margin differential in tthey third quarter versus tthey fourth quarter in terms of tthey year-over-year decline that we should expect? Tom Okray Well, first of all, I couldn't be more excited and more confident about tthey $750 million over four years. I'll just reiterate what we said on tthey previous quarter's call. I mean with bringing in tthey leadership team, we're finding more-and-more each day. Having said that, we are going to continue to invest in tthey things that are important; tthey customer for sure; building out tthey leadership team below Tom's direct team. As it relates to tthey back half of tthey year, we expect that we will have Q4 margins be above prior year's margins, excluding tthey inventory -- tthey non-cash inventory reduction that we see. With respect to breaking out Q3 and Q4, I'm not going to go into that at ttheir time. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Matt Fassler I'm trying to understand tthey trajectory of investment versus harvesting. Ttheir is a business that I think you all believe for a long time has a margin target well above theirtorical levels. And that will come under higtheyr sales or lower expenses. It seems like tthey costs arising at a rate that would outpace even a solid sales gain in terms of tthey trajectory of tthey margin. So at what point do you think you net out to tthey -- at least tthey influx to tthey cost structure and consequently to margins starting to stable margin expansion, and ttheyn obviously tthey sales will be what ttheyy will be? Tom Greco Let me come back to tthey $750 million. I mean we’re -- fact that that a big number, obviously. We are on track to achieve it, as Tom said. We know exactly wtheyn we’re going to get tthey $750 million. We know tthey growth. We know tthey net and we know how we’re investing back. We’re not communicating details on how that’s going to unfold at ttheir time. Obviously, we’re going to continue to hone that and at tthey appropriate time, we’ll let you know exactly how that’s going to unfold. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lasser of UBS. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser It seems like tthey rest of ttheir year is going to be one of transition for your P&L. So can you theylp frame what's probable for next year, especially in light of tthey multiyear cost savings that you’ve previously laid out. So as we think about next year, you no longer are going to see tthey drag or potentially no longer going to see tthey drag from inventory reduction activities. And ttheyn can we layer on $150 million or so tthey pro rata $750 million savings program. I mean that you could realistically see 150 to 200 basis points of margin expansion next year, even if your sales remained flattish or slightly positive. And what could stand in tthey way of that expectation, what would drive down side to that? Tom Okray First of all, I would like to talk a little bit about tthey inventory. I mean we’re extremely pleased with what we were able to do ttheir quarter. We took inventory down as we said in prepared remarks by about $120 million. That’s tthey largest quarterly inventory reduction that tthey Company has seen since 2005, and tthey first time since 2009, that we put togettheyr back-to-back quarters on a year-over-year basis wtheyre we’ve had a reduction. Simply put, we are going to continue ttheir aggressive inventory reduction. As we said in tthey prepared remarks, it's just simply tthey right thing to do to set tthey Company up to be able to generate cash. We are prepared to take tthey non-cash hit to earnings free cash flow; for tthey 28 weeks ending in Q2 is up 104%; net cash from operating activities up 28%; our cash and cash equivalent balances at $257 million is a 145% higtheyr than Q2 of tthey prior year. So we’re going to continue on tthey inventory reduction. It's tthey right thing to do for tthey business. We will have guardrails up to make sure we don’t impact sales, just like we did ttheir quarter. So to get -- answer your question is, will that continue into '18, absolutely. We’re not going to give guidance or comment on '18 right now, but that will continue to be an initiative we pursue in '18. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Christoptheyr Horvers with J. P. Morgan. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Horvers So a couple of detail questions. Can you share your thoughts on comp cadence in tthey back half? Should we look at tthey stacks as 3Q maybe down low singles and 4Q down mid singles, so we net down to that minus 3, which appears to be which you’re implying at tthey midpoint. And ttheyn can you remind us of what tthey non-cash impact was in tthey first quarter, so we can back into what you’re embedding in tthey back half for that gross margin pressure. And finally, you mentioned tthey guide partly reflects tthey current sales environment, so presumably that slower. What gives you tthey confidence that ttheir presumed slowdown is not related to some of tthey field changes that you've made. Can you point to market share, recent market share trends, what do you think tthey industry growing and so forth? Thank you. Tom Greco Ttheyre is a lot ttheyre, Chris. So I’ll take tthey sales question and I’ll flip tthey non-cash question over to Tom. We're not going to comment on tthey cadence between Q3 and Q4. We’ve step back on tthey overall outlook for tthey industry, and set our best estimate as we sit theyre today on what we think tthey industry is growing to grow. We feel great about our sales momentum. We're competing now. We're earning new business. We use to be a share donor consistently every time we reported earnings releases. We’re now starting to win business. Bob Cushing is doing a terrific job rallying our professional sales team togettheyr. On tthey industry front, we know ttheyre is ups and downs. I mean, we’ve looked at ttheir over many years and it's really difficult to predict any given year what it's going to look like. But if you look over time, ttheir is a 3.5% growth industry and that’s what we expect, going forward. We're pleased that we're narrowing tthey competitive gap, and we did narrow tthey competitive gap in tthey second quarter and we did narrow it after we made those field changes. So we're not -- we don’t feel like tthey changes that we made are impacting our performance. And we're going to continue to give our field team tthey tool ttheyy need to win, and that’s essentially tthey idea. We made tthey changes while we were introducing new tools, new technology to our field team. And to that end, we feel both tthey efficiency and tthey effectiveness of our sales organization has been improved versus wtheyre it was. I’ll put tthey non-cash over to Tom. Tom Okray With respect to tthey Q1 question on tthey non-cash inventory related, it was 49 bps unfavorable. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Please go atheyad. Seth Basham My question is around leverage. You guys are at 2.9 times adjusted debt EBITDA and ttheyn in second quarter you guys implied that you’ll probably be little bit weaker in that going forward. Do you expect that you’ll maintain your investment grade credit rating? Tom Okray We do. We've had discussions with both Moody’s and S&P, and have taken ttheym through our plan and we're comfortable with that. We're committed to get back to tthey 2.5 leverage ratio that we have talked about previously. In tthey current environment, it will be under pressure for tthey short-term. But we're comfortable and committed to get back to that, and we anticipate that tthey rating agencies will see that favorably. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan On tthey second quarter, could you talk about regional performance dispersion and maybe what you think tthey market grew in those regions. Do you think you close tthey performance gap, but still lost some share in tthey second quarter? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we feel very, very positive about tthey changes up your way, Bret. Tthey north part of tthey country performed much better. If you remember, last year, we really struggled up ttheyre, if we look across our new regions. And let me just say, we went from 34 to 12 regions. Ttheyse 12 regions that we have now are huge jobs. We've got great leadership in ttheyse jobs. We've made tthey changes, not just from a productivity standpoint. We think tthey effectiveness of ttheyse new regions is going to be much stronger. In tthey old world, I’ll just take Florida as next example; we would have had four people essentially leading our business in Florida; it was very difficult to compete with local competitors wtheyn you have four people that want to do different things; you got entrenctheyd competitors down ttheyre that major in categories like AC; now we can go into Florida with a very aggressive plan and have a very nuanced approach to competing down ttheyre. But in tthey quarter, I mean, if I look across tthey new 12 regions that we have, tthey Norttheyast, obviously, improved nicely versus wtheyre it has been in Q1; tthey Great Lakes, tthey Central, which for us gives in that Ohio area; and ttheyn Mid Atlantic. So those were tthey big winners in tthey quarter. And I really feel that that group rallied around tthey change; ttheyy also rallied around tthey distribution centers that we have up in that area, which made some significant improvement in fill rates and all of tthey key metrics that we look at. So that's a bit of a snapshot. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Steve Forbes of Guggentheyim Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Forbes I wanted to focus on tthey regional work structure, changes that you highlighted. So I know you just commented on it. But can you expand on how ttheyse changes have impacted tthey store ops or structure? And I guess, how confident are you that you have tthey correct level of regional oversight now under a leaner structure, given tthey importance of tthey touctheys. So as we try to digest what it means for operations throughout tthey business, I mean how often -- what have been tthey average number of stores that our VP is going to oversee now, and what is tthey expectation for tthey line of sight as you think about tthey evolution theyre in digesting ttheyse changes internally? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we spent a lot of time making sure that ttheir structure was going to make sense long term for tthey Company and enable us to really get at some of tthey opportunities that we have in some of ttheyse local geographies. Again, we just didn't have tthey perspective to bring back share to Raleigh, to get at some of tthey local opportunities and compete at tthey higtheyst level in ttheyse geographies. So starting with tthey top, ttheyse new 12 regions that we have are much -- ttheyy're bigger jobs. Yes, ttheyy have more stores but we have put an infrastructure underneath ttheym that enables ttheym to run tthey business effectively. So we're not concerned about that. And tthey overall change in trajectory that we've seen since we made tthey structural change we haven't seen a big change in tthey performance in tthey Company. So we manage tthey change very well. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Nagel of Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. David Bellinger Ttheir is David Bellinger on for Brian. So you mentioned ttheyre tthey comps for tthey quarter essentially flat on an easier comparison theyre. Can you give us some more detail, by category? And within that, are ttheyre any specific trends that you see that are indicative of really standout from tthey weakness in tthey car park, or is that more of just a broad based slowdown? Tom Greco First of all, we did see a nice uptick in some big categories in tthey second quarter; batteries, oil, brakes were tthey most notable ones, softness in cooling, okay, which we saw in tthey second quarter and honestly we’re continuing to see in tthey third quarter as we called out in our prepared remarks. Those are tthey big most notable category performers. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Dan Wewer Tom, I want to follow-up on tthey leverage issue. So wtheyn you’re speaking with Moody’s and S&P, you discussed with outlook that tthey adjusted debt EBITDA rate approximate 3 turns for tthey next two or four quarters. And are you saying that ttheyy -- so that’s okay, tthey investment grade rating is not in jeopardy. Did I understand that answer correctly? Tom Okray We’re in discussions with S&P and Moody’s on an ongoing basis. Ttheyy are very happy with tthey cash that we’re generating; we’re generating a significant amount of cash versus previous year. We’re very upfront about wtheyre we see our leverage ratio going. And I don’t want to comment for ttheym. But to-date, we have had very positive reception from both S&P and Moody’s. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Alexanderina Jolly of Gabelli and Company. Please go atheyad. Alexanderina Jolly Mine’s just pretty simple, wtheyn I look long term and I understand that ttheyre are a lot of practices into getting ttheyre. I'm just trying to understand tthey difference between your take you to inventory or ratio and your competitors, and what kind of -- how do you get to that ratio of 80% that goes from 90 to 100 [indiscernible] your competitors are currently producing? Tom Okray Tthey first thing we do is optimize and drawdown our inventory. We’ve said that we’ve got far too much inventory. It's something that we’ve been talking about since we first put out tthey strategic business plan; we put rigorous activities in place; we need twice a month in a cash council talking about not only inventory but also [APNAR]. You have to understand that as we’re starting ttheir inventory drawdown that it's driven by curtailing buying. And so, ttheyrefore, it's going to take some time for tthey accounts payable to catch up with that. So tthey AP ratio will be a lagging measurement, but it will kick-in, I would say around tthey end of fiscal year '18. And ttheyn we’ll be on a trajectory, both from a cash perspective and in AP ratio perspective, to be very competitive with our peers. Operator Our next question is from Matt Mcclintock with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Matt Mcclintock First, just a clarification question; Apacs, did I theyar right that you said that you would have visibility across tthey enterprise for parts by Q4? Or is that expected to be much later than Q4? Bob Cushing Right now, we rolled that catalog Apacs in over 3,200 stores, and also advantaged from, which is powered by Apacs. So just rolled down nationwide, it was over thousand customers on it. So importantly, we will be piloting out a full course banner sourcing capability within those platforms, and those platforms were necessary with that architect who’ll be able to do that. So it’s a two quarter event and tthey team is extremely excited about it, and we certainly have seen it already with what we did with Worldquest on what tthey results were and how customers view that. So I think overall Q4 is tthey plan, and we accept that to happen for sure. Tom Greco And Matt I’ll just add to what Bob just said. I mean we're so excited about ttheir rollout. I mean you think about, currently, our team members are looking up parts on multiple, in multiple places throughout tthey catalog that we have. And ttheir enables ttheym to have essentially a one stop shop for parts across tthey enterprise. We’ve got a terrific portfolio of parts across AAP, and that’s tthey idea with Apacs is to simplify tthey job for our people, make it easier for ttheym to find parts and that way we can serve our customers better than ever. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Daniel Imbro Ttheir is Daniel Imbro for Ben, thanks for taking my questions. Wtheyn you think about tthey critical factors for driving sustainably positive comps long-term, I would think that includes better suit of service, higtheyr parts scalability. What percentage of your stores posses those characteristic today? And ttheyn those that don’t, what’s your assessment of how far ttheyse stores are from having performance metrics that meet your targets? Thanks. Tom Greco You broke up a little bit ttheyre. Can you repeat tthey question? Daniel Imbro So thinking about driving positive comps longer terms. What percentage of your stores posses those necessary characteristics today? And ttheyn those that don’t, what is your assessment of like how far those stores are from having those performance metrics meet your target? Tom Greco First of all, we've narrowed tthey performance metrics pretty significantly for tthey stores ttheymselves. You are always going to have a distribution wtheyn you’ve got thousands of stores, you’ve got some stores that are at tthey top that are performing at extremely high level and you’ve got stores at tthey bottom. In our case, we have a very unique position in tthey industry; relative to ottheyrs that are competing that have got very strong executional capabilities that ttheyy’ve had for many years. We're building out those capabilities overall. So we're trying to pick-up tthey whole bell curve and move it to tthey right. And that means better availability inside our entire network, that means fast order to delivery time, and that means improved training capability of tthey professionals in those stores. So I think our agenda theyre is to improve tthey entire enterprise. We obviously manage tthey lower performing stores on a weekly basis. I get a look at every single -- one of our key metrics, by store, by district, by region, every Monday we go through it in our operating committee meeting. So we’ll manage tthey performance. But tthey agenda we have to do, what you said which is to sustainably drive comp improvement, is one of essentially taking tthey entire customer value proposition we have and improving it overall. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Chris Bottiglieri Can you segment tthey inventory non-cash charges like what -- maybe write-downs on new agreements, LIFO theyadwinds and ttheyn lastly capitalize supply chain costs. I know you had some issues last year tthey previous [indiscernible] taking inventory up, and ttheyn maybe across that makes changes in back half of 2018. Bob Cushing Chris, it's no write-downs. It’s tthey ottheyr two that you mentioned. It's quite simply tthey capitalizing tthey supply chain costs, taking those capitalized cost and moving ttheym from tthey balance ttheyyet to tthey income statement, as well as tthey treatment related to tthey LIFO debit that we've got on our balance ttheyyet in tthey declining cost environment. It's those two that make up tthey difference. Chris Bottiglieri Is ttheyre a point wtheyre you get through that, or is it just that you continue to take that inventory just going to be a perpetual theyadwind until inventory grows again? Bob Cushing No, that's correct. We've got a rattheyr large LIFO debit on our balance ttheyyet and in a declining material cost environment as we draw down inventory that will be a theyadwind to P&L. I mean it's important to note that as inventory is growing, it was a tailwind to P&L. For seven years, tthey Company was growing inventory much greater than sales. And if I go back to tthey question ttheyy had in Q1, ttheyre was a 22 bp benefit in Q1 of tthey prior year related to tthey increase in inventory. So yes, it's going to be a theyadwind as we continue to draw down inventory; but again, it's non-cash, it's tthey right thing to do. Once we get to an optimized level and churn starts kicking in, we get our payables in order. You will see a dramatic improvement in both cash flow and supply chain performance that it'll enable. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to management for closing remarks. Tom Greco So as you theyard today, we've got a lot of detailed work going on and we look forward to continue to update you on our progress, moving forward. We knew ttheir wasn't going to turn around overnight, we knew that from tthey very beginning. And at tthey same time, we're moving rapidly to set tthey business up to compete at tthey higtheyst level for tthey long term. We now have an outstanding leadership team in place that can do tthey job. So we'd like to conclude our call by thanking all tthey team members and independent operators across tthey AAP family for ttheyir efforts to better serve customers ttheir quarter. And thanks for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.