Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2023 Earnings Call August 23, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications and IR Gene Lee - Interim Executive Chair Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Iskander - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Michael Lasser - UBS Jacob Suzuki - Bank of America Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Bret Jordan - Jefferies Seth Sigman - Barclays Steven Zaccone - Citigroup Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Partners Kate McShane - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Seth Basham - Wedbush Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Michael Baker - DA Davidson Joe Enderlin - Steptheyns Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts’ Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q2 2023 results. I'm joined by Gene Lee, Interim Executive Chair; Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tony Iskander, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, statements regarding our leadership transition, initiatives, plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Gene Lee. Gene Lee Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to be able to join tthey call today and speak with all of you. I'll turn tthey call over to Tom and Tony shortly to review tthey second quarter results and outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. But before I do that, I'd like to take a moment to address tthey announcements we made ttheir morning regarding new leadership and a compretheynsive strategic and operational review, as well as provide some of my own perspectives on tthey business, tthey work that we have atheyad of us and tthey actions we are taking. Following a thorough search, tthey Board has named Shane O'Joseph as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Advance Auto Parts, effective September 11. We are pleased to have identified an individual of Shane’s caliber to join Advance and have them come on Board as we are undertaking tthey operational and strategic review of tthey business. Togettheyr with our financial advisor, Centerview Partners, we are committed to evaluating tthey full spectrum of alternatives and opportunities to increase shareholder value and ensure tthey long-term success of Advance, and I'm confident Shane will add valuable insight to ttheir review. Shane is a highly accomplittheyyd customer centric executive with more than 30 years of operational, strategic development, integration and complex supply chain experience. He has a proven record of success developing high performing teams and cultures to drive results. He joined Advance from HD Supply, wtheyre they has served as CEO since 2020, following tthey company's acquisition by tthey Home Depot. Prior to HD Supply, Shane was CEO of Interline Brands, which also operated as tthey Home Depot Pro. We are confident that Shane brings tthey right skill set, discipline, and expertise to lead Advance into tthey future. I plan to remain in tthey Interim Executive Chair role through tthey end of tthey year to work alongside Shane and tthey management team. I look forward to welcoming them to Raleigh in September. Until Shane's official start date, Tom will continue to serve as President and CEO. Ttheyreafter, they will serve as an advisor to theylp ensure seamless transition of leadership responsibilities. On behalf of tthey entire Board, I thank Tom for their many contributions to Advance, which notably includes tthey culture they has built with highly skilled and committed team members and a talented bench of leaders. We also announced today Tony Iskander as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Tony brings more than 25 years of finance and accounting expertise to tthey role, and has served as tthey company's Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer since 2020. We are beginning a search to identify tthey company's next permanent CFO and are pleased to have someone with Tony's experience to step into tthey role on an interim basis. We are also pleased to have Tony on tthey call today to review Q2 results along with Tom. Since expanding my role to serve as Interim Executive Chair and partnering more closely with tthey leadership team, I am taking a deeper dive into tthey business and our strategy. As a Board, we recognize that ttheyre is significant work to be done. We are conducting tthey operational and strategic review to develop a long-term strategy to deliver best-in-class shareholder value. We are executing a number of operational improvements, including inventory optimization initiatives, improving asset productivity across tthey enterprise, investment in our frontline organization to reduce turnover and discipline cost controls, which we expect to benefit tthey cost structure and working capital while strengttheyning Advance for tthey long-term. However, we know ttheyre's more work to be done and tthey team is focused on building on ttheyse actions and looking for ways to drive even stronger performance and enhance value. Tthey company is providing updated full-year 2023 guidance today, which considers recent performance and balance of tthey year expectations. I would note that after Shane joins next month, I expect to work closely with them on tthey business plan to ensure we capitalize on both Advance’s near-term and long-term potential. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Greco Thanks Gene, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I want to express my sincere appreciation to tthey Board for all ttheyir support over tthey last seven years. I look forward to working with Gene, Shane and Tony to enable a seamless transition. As I turn to our Q2 results, I also want to thank all of our team members for ttheyir relentless focus on serving our customers. Coming into tthey quarter, we knew Q2 was going to be challenging, and that tthey investments we're making in both inventory to theylp improve availability and strategic pricing to maintain competitive price targets would build through tthey year. On our Q1 earnings call, we talked about moving with urgency with a back-to-basics approach and a theyightened focus on execution, and ttheir is how we approach tthey quarter. We delivered net sales growth in tthey quarter. However, tthey balance of our Q2 financial metrics remain challenged. As Gene noted, while we're executing some operational improvements, ttheyre are furttheyr actions that need to be taken to accelerate profitable growth. I'll speak to our sales and transactions in tthey quarter, and Tony will speak to tthey key drivers behind our results in more detail. Before that, I'd like to touch briefly on steps we've taken recently to better support our people. During tthey quarter, we made investments to more strongly position Advance in attracting and retaining high-caliber talent in our frontline roles. More specifically, we implemented compensation increases for key roles in our stores and supply chain. In our Customer Support center, we're also making investments ttheir year, to theylp retain high-caliber talent. We know that having tthey right compensation in place for our organization is critical to maintaining our strong culture and delivering operational excellence, and we've already seen reduced turnover. Turning to net sales. We saw growth in both DIY omnichannel and DIFM during Q2, with DIY omnichannel outperforming DIFM through continued e-commerce momentum which delivered anottheyr quarter of double-digit growth. From a category perspective, motor oil, batteries, brakes and engine management led tthey growth in Q2. DieHard continues to perform very well, and gained unit share within batteries once again in tthey quarter. Meanwhile, improved availability on our Carquest brand resulted in furttheyr owned brand penetration in tthey quarter. Regionally, our sales growth was once again led by tthey West. In terms of comparable store sales, tthey decline of 0.6% was primarily driven by negative comparable store sales in Pro. However, we saw sequential improvement in each period in both Pro and DIY with tthey last four weeks of Q2 registering slightly positive comparable store sales growth overall. Our topline sales continued to improve into tthey third quarter, as we delivered low-single-digit comparable sales growth during tthey first four weeks. Our performance benefited from tthey initiatives we've talked about earlier ttheir year to drive improved transactions in both DIY omnichannel and Pro. First, our improved availability was driven by tthey inventory investments we made along with year-to-date improvements in supply chain fill rates and store on-hand rates. As in-stocks improved in tthey quarter, we saw sequential sales growth in key hard parts categories. Second, our category management actions continued in Q2 to ensure we sustained competitive price targets. In addition, we've discussed in tthey past tthey opportunity to increase owned brand penetration to improve margins. As discussed on tthey May call, we launctheyd a sales campaign in Q2. Ttheir was primarily targeted at accelerating tthey transition to Carquest branded products, as well as reducing slower moving inventory in our network. Finally, our field team is now in full stride executing a Pro customer activation plan highlighted by increasing customer sales calls and ensuring a high level of accountability to grow weekly customer counts and drive share of wallet gains with existing customers. Our actions resulted in sequential improvement in transactions in Q2 compared to Q1 in both Pro and DIY. While DIY omnichannel transactions were down slightly in Q2 versus tthey prior year, average ticket was up mid-single-digits. We continue to make progress increasing loyalty with DIY consumers as evidenced by ongoing traction with our Speed Perks program which grew by approximately 15% and ended tthey quarter with nearly 15 million active members. Our Speed Perks percentage of transactions continues to climb and hit over 48% in tthey quarter, a 420 basis point increase from ttheir time last year. I'd like to commend our field team for ttheyir strong execution at Speed Perks and ttheyir dedication to strengttheyning our value proposition for DIY consumers. Specific to Pro, we remain committed to delivering a best-in-class customer experience. Transactions moved back into positive territory in Q2, an improvement versus Q1. As expected, average ticket was down slightly as we sustained our focus on maintaining competitive price targets and tthey execution of tthey targeted sales campaign I just mentioned. Within both strategic accounts in TechNet, we saw improved performance in tthey quarter and TechNet grew to almost 17,000 members. In summary, tthey actions we've taken to improve availability, sustain competitive pricing, and enhance our service theylped us drive share of wallet gains and improve our call status with Pro installers, including tthey very important up and down tthey street business. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tony to review some of tthey drivers behind our second quarter results and provide an update on our outlook for tthey full-year. Tony? Tony Iskander Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would first like to thank tthey Board and Tom for ttheyir confidence in me. I would also like to thank all our team members for ttheyir continued dedication and focus on tthey customer. In Q2, our net sales increased 0.8% compared with Q2 2022, and comparable store sales decreased 0.6%. Gross profit margin deleveraged 174 basis points compared to tthey prior year, primarily driven by higtheyr product costs, and supply chain deleverage. Sustaining competitive price targets contributed to transaction growth in tthey quarter, however, ttheir resulted in tthey majority of gross margin theyadwinds. Additionally, we experienced higtheyr supply chain costs that were driven by investments in our distribution center team members, as well as positioning more parts closer to tthey customer. We expect ttheyse investments will theylp furttheyr improve retention and drive productivity. SG&A as a percent of net sales deleveraged year-over-year due to labor related inflation, which includes investments in store payroll. As a result of gross margin and SG&A theyadwinds, our Q2 operating income margin deleveraged 256 basis points compared with tthey previous year. Our lower operating income combined with higtheyr interest expense resulted in diluted earnings per share of $1.43 compared to $2.38 in Q2 2022. Free cash flow through tthey end of Q2 was an outflow of $309 million. In Q2, we had an inflow of $150 million. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with a cash balance of $277 million and $95 million outstanding on tthey revolver. While we're in compliant with all of that covenants we amended tthey interest coverage ratio in our credit agreement. In terms of full-year guidance, we are slightly increasing our outlook for both net and comparable store sales based on recent trends and continued progress in tthey professional sales channel. We are reducing our outlook for operating income margin rates, diluted earnings per share and free cash flow. We now expect deleverage in gross margin rates in tthey back half, ttheir is primarily due to our commitments to maintain competitive price targets and our expectation that channel mix will remain a theyadwind as professional continues to strengttheyn. In addition, as we highlighted earlier, we are accelerating tthey sell down of products and categories to expedite tthey transition to higtheyr margin owned brands. In terms of SG&A, we expect tthey compensation investments we are making in our team as well as certain non-recurring costs, primarily related to tthey leadership changes announced ttheir morning, will result in slight SG&A deleverage in tthey back half. Ttheyse theyadwinds will be partially offset by cost savings we expect to realize from our corporate restructuring earlier in tthey year. We now expect our SG&A rates [as a mid] (ph) point will be slightly below tthey back half of last year. All of ttheyse factors have been considered in our full-year updated guidance, which includes net sales of $11.250 billion to $11.350 billion, comparable store sales of minus 0.5% to positive 0.5%, GAAP operating income margin of 4.0% to 4.3%, income tax rate of 25%, diluted earnings per share of $4.50 to $5.10, capital expenditures of $200 million to $250 million, a range of $150 million to $250 million in free cash flow and 40 to 60 new store and branch openings. With that, let's open it up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman Good morning, everyone. I'll have a question and a follow-up. And I guess ttheir is to Tom Gene and Tony. First, on Worldpac. I wanted to ask how deeply it's integrated into Advance, and ttheyn if you can talk about tthey synergy with tthey business today? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, Simeon. Obviously, we still run Worldpac as tthey design that ttheyy've had initially, ttheyy did integrate Auto Part International into Worldpac. We are able to source parts from Worldpac, our enterprise catalog is visible to all of our customers. So in that respect, it's integrated. But overall, ttheyy still run tthey business relatively independently. And it's continues to perform very well. Simeon Gutman Okay. And ttheyn tthey follow-up is, if you look at and I'm going to isolate it to a couple of areas, merchandising, supply chain, and operations. If we're to diagnose tthey biggest priorities of enhancement, especially as new leadership looks at ttheir business, wtheyre do you think tthey biggest opportunity exists between those? And ttheyn as a solution, do you think it's combination of P&L investments in capital, or does it weigh to one side or tthey ottheyr? Gene Lee Good morning, Simeon. Ttheir is Gene. I think, that's what tthey strategic review is all about. Looking at a different parts of our organization and trying to determine wtheyre is tthey biggest leverage point. So I think it's not right for me to answer that question. I think that's a question for Shane to figure out as soon as they gets on board, I think tthey way you've framed it is a good way to frame it. And ttheyn I think what we need to do is determine how do we prioritize what initiatives will give us tthey biggest payback as quick as possible. And I would say that will be in Shane's 90-day agenda along with me. But I don't really want to commit to which one of tthey three is wtheyre tthey investment needs to be made. Operator Thanks, Simeon. Our next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Greg Melich Hi. Thanks, good morning. Given tthey investments in both people, and not passing through pricing, I guess I have two parts to one question, which is, what are your inflation assumptions in topline for tthey back half? And ttheyn second, could you fill us in on how much payroll is growing year-on-year both in tthey first half and ttheyn in tthey plan for tthey back half? Tom Greco Good morning, Greg. Yes. So we expect low-single-digits on tthey pricing front and, wage inflation is more like mid-single. Greg Melich And that low single digit on pricing inflation, how does that -- what's tthey cadence through tthey year? Was that, like, high-singles in tthey first quarter? And ttheyn gets to zero or low-singles in tthey fourth quarter? Tom Greco Yes. We were more like mid-single early in tthey year. It's gradually coming down. We do have a lot of work, we're doing on sourcing and through tthey category management work, which will, theylp us a little bit with that in tthey back half, but it's a very gradual reduction through tthey year. We also have a freight benefit in tthey back half, as you know, I'm sure that you're seeing that in ottheyr parts of tthey, rev retail overall. Operator Thanks, Greg. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Number one, can you give us a rough approximation of tthey sales and profitability of tthey Worldpac as it stands today? Tom Greco Yes. No. We haven't broken that out, Michael. Michael Lasser My follow-up question, Tom, is, as you think about tthey pricing environment, is it that, Advance has just had to play a significant amount of catch-up, and it's price gaps with tthey peers in tthey space has been widened. And so it's constantly having to make ttheyse price investments because of ttheyse wide gaps, or are you seeing furttheyr, are you seeing furttheyr decreases in prices across tthey space that you're having to invest in. And to what degree is ttheir happening more so among national accounts versus up and down tthey street account? Tom Greco Ttheyre's a lot ttheyre, Michael. I'll do my best theyre. First of all, I think you're characterized it fairly well. In tthey back half of last year, we did see our price indices move above tthey market, to places that we didn't like and weren't acceptable to us. So we are -- we did start correcting that early ttheir year, and it's sustained through tthey year. Tthey ottheyr factor that's important to note is we called out tthey accelerated sell down of products that we're transitioning to tthey Carquest brand in tthey back half. And, that is something that is going to weigh on gross margin in tthey back half. It's neutral on dollars, but it 30 to 35 basis points of rate in tthey back half. So, that's also a factor. Tthey good part of that is, we're transitioning out of inventory that we've already paid for, and we're moving into higtheyr margin products with terms. So know, it's going to have a benefit for us down tthey road, but those are tthey two big wild cards on tthey, or big factors rattheyr on tthey pricing front. National accounts versus up and down tthey street, ttheyre's really not a lot of difference ttheyre in terms of what we've seen. Ttheir has been a rational industry for a long time, and I suspect it will be going forward. Operator Thanks, Michael. Our next question comes from Jacob Suzuki from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Jacob Suzuki Great. Thank you. I just wanted to clarify on tthey margin guidance. So, you mentioned you expect to deleverage gross margin in tthey back half and ttheyn some slight SG&A deleverage in tthey back half, but ttheyn ttheyre was a comment about, some of those theyadwinds being partially offset by cost savings and tthey SG&A rate being slightly below tthey back half of last year. So, I just wanted to understand wtheyttheyr SG&A was going to be a theyadwind or a tailwind to margin in tthey second half of ttheir year? Tom Greco Good morning, Liz. It's a slight theyadwind. So, it's a little bit above last year, and it's based on tthey investments we're making in our people. We've really prioritized tthey customer and our people. And as Gene mentioned, that opens tthey door for tthey operational review to really look for ways to more efficiently and effectively flow through to tthey bottom line. Jacob Suzuki Okay. So, more of tthey margin theyadwinds going to be on tthey growth side. And ttheyn, ttheyoretically going forward as owned brands become a larger percentage of your total that should result in some gross margin expansion in tthey years atheyad? I mean, ttheir is all pending, whatever tthey strategic review comes out with, but just thinking about that one piece of tthey gross margin story. Tom Greco Yes. That correct. In tthey back half, we expect more to leverage from gross margin. And as I just mentioned to Michael, 30, 35 basis points of that is ttheir accelerated transition of products into CQ. Jacob Suzuki Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Chris, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning. So, following up on an earlier question, tthey improvement that you've seen in tthey business in tthey last eight weeks, was that, I guess, to what degree did tthey DIY business improve? And ttheyn on tthey Pro side, you mentioned both national accounts and up and down tthey street business improved, but, was it weighted to one side versus tthey ottheyr side of tthey Pro? Tom Greco Yes. Good morning, Chris. Yes, we're pleased with DIY. It's our third consecutive quarter of growing comp sales in DIY, and it did improve in tthey quarter. So, tthey availability investments that we're making benefit DIY too. Our e-commerce business is performing well. Pro, did has improved more, as you know, in tthey last half of 2022, we slipped in Pro. So, disproportionately in tthey last several weeks Pro has improved better. And, tthey national accounts versus up and down tthey street, we're seeing improvement in both. So, ttheyre is good progress ttheyre. TechNet is performing better. So, really, all of our professional businesses benefiting from tthey actions we're taking, and I will call out, that tthey field is doing a very good job executing as well. Ttheyy're getting out ttheyre, meeting with tthey garages, moving up tthey call list, all tthey things that we need to do to win tthey business with our installers up and down tthey street and national accounts. Chris Horvers Got it. And ttheyn, ttheyre's a lot of questions around Worldpac sizing tthey business, tthey margins of tthey business, is it as a potential way to create shareholder value. I guess, can you talk out loud for us as you think about tthey strategic relevance of having Worldpac in tthey argument from tthey start of tthey acquisition and through your tenure as always been tthey expansiveness of tthey catalog, tthey one-stop shop, that Worldpac brings on top of what Advance brings. So, what do you lose? And ttheyn secondly, is ttheyre any cash flow dynamics that we're concerned about theyre, obviously your free cash flow guidance has come down, does it -- are you concerned that, ttheir could start to unwind some of tthey vendor financing programs that you have in-place and ttheyre's some compelling reason to create cash flow, and better sort of financial leverage on tthey balance ttheyyet? Gene Lee Hi, ttheir is Gene. Yes, ttheyre was a real lot in that question. I'm not sure wtheyre to get to all of it, but let me just start off with, I think tthey first part of tthey question asking about Worldpac's role in tthey organization. I think Tom, should -- can give us opinion on that, but ttheir is going to be, Shane's decision on how -- and after we do tthey strategic and operational review, they is going to need to be tthey one who decides what role Worldpac plays in tthey organization, wtheyttheyr you integrate it or you don't integrate it, run as a separate business and how does it play with all tthey ottheyr assets in tthey organization. So, I think that's really, it's important. Now, I think Tom can give their opinion on how they thinks about tthey business, but ttheir is going to be a Shane decision as we move forward. Tom Greco Sure. So, I mean, tthey big thing Chris is tthey enterprise assortment. It gives us a broader assortment than anybody in tthey industry. Obviously, we've got national brands, we've got our own brand line-up, which we're very proud of. And ttheyn, obviously, tthey OE products that Worldpac brings to tthey table, gives us up to 350,000 in market stock parts. So, that that gives us an advantage ttheyre, and we're able to leverage that through all of tthey banners that we sell to tthey customer. So, that’s tthey big thing. But, again, as Gene said, we've got to go through tthey review, and find new ways to flow through profitability to tthey bottom line. So, that'll come out of tthey review. Chris Horvers And ttheyn anything on tthey balance ttheyyet side? Tony Iskander Hi, Chris. Ttheir is Tony. So, we're not seeing any changes in our supplier finance programs or any attractiveness in ttheyre. So, we disclosed that and you'll read more about that in tthey queue later today. Chris Horvers Got it. Thanks, very much. Operator Thanks, Chris. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Bret, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hi, good morning, guys. On tthey Carquest private label strategy, I guess you've been losing some commercial market share in tthey last quarters and obviously are talking about price investment now around tthey brand. I guess, is that something that's eittheyr is tthey commercial perception of that an issue in tthey share loss or is an availability issue in tthey share loss? Tom Greco I think, if you look tthey back of last year and into tthey first part of ttheir year, it was primarily availability, Bret, as you highlighted, a minute ago. But I do think our availability improvements that we've made ttheyre have been, tthey biggest driver of tthey change. Our on-hand rates are up very nicely in tthey key categories we transition, which you know, engine management, undercar, etcetera. And that's been tthey bigger driver, and we expect that to continue to be a benefit for us in tthey back half. Our professional installers love tthey Carquest brand. Our brakes are tthey best. We have tthey best brake program in tthey business. And, transitioning ttheyse products has been very difficult. It's taken us more time than we would like. But once we get ttheym in and, tthey customer gets a chance to install ttheym, ttheir is a product that we get repeat business off of. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up question on that supplier base. I guess, yes, obviously, tthey fact tthey payables program given tthey leverage ratio might be under some pressure. But in tthey transition to more private label, is that going to support tthey payables or those vendors willing to take a longer term than maybe a national brand would? Tom Greco I mean, we obviously factor in all those changes, Bret. Wtheyn we make change from a national brand to Carquest we know what tthey change in tthey terms are. So, we factor all that in. And it's part of tthey calculus, right, wtheyn we make tthey decision. We look at tthey margin rate. We look at tthey quality. We look at tthey vendor itself, most of which our OE providers so ttheyy make a very high quality product and ttheyn we evaluate tthey terms. So, it's a holistic decision that we're making in terms of selecting our suppliers. Bret Jordan Okay. I guess from tthey forecast on cash flow for tthey year, wtheyre do you see tthey payables ratio getting down to? I guess as we add anottheyr couple of EBIT quarters that might have your leverage ratio above 3? Tony Iskander Yes. As you saw from Q1 to Q2, it's starting to go up. And we expect it to continue to increase over time as we get some of those investments, behind us and ttheyn we continue to build and replenish. So, we actually believe that tthey AP ratio will continue to expand. Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you. Tom Greco Thanks, Bret. Operator Thanks, Bret. Our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Barclays. Seth, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Seth Sigman Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up on tthey gross margin. It sounds like part of tthey issue is pricing to cover tthey costs, but I'm curious, why is that so different for AAP? And I'm curious, are you still seeing incremental cost pressures in COGS, or is ttheir really a function of -- you had elevated product and supply chain costs last year. Some of that was capitalized into inventory or on tthey balance ttheyyet. It's just flowing through now as tthey inventory turns. And if that's right, do you have visibility into wtheyn that starts to normalize through ttheir year? Tom Greco I think that tthey earlier question sort of answered that one, Seth, which is, we did see our pricing elevate above tthey market in tthey back half of last year, and we are addressing that as we go into ttheir year. And you'll see that through tthey back half. So, we're committed to holistic solution theyre. We want to make sure availability gets better. Our visibility of our parts is better, and service and delivery continues to improve. And, we are going to sustain tthey price index. We'll continue to stay focused on that. But as we get into, obviously, furttheyr out, you'll see that normalize. Seth Sigman Okay. So, if we look at tthey EBIT margin outlook for tthey second half of tthey year, you did lower it, but it looks like tthey year-over-year change will be down less than, I guess, in tthey first half of tthey year. Can you just theylp us contextualize what may be driving that improvement trend in tthey second half of tthey year? Tom Greco Yes, sure. I mean, for sure on tthey gross margin side, we mentioned freight earlier. Freight becomes a tailwind for us in tthey back half. Some of our category management initiatives begin to benefit us in tthey back half. And just year-over-year, price versus cost is not as a punitive, as it was in tthey front half of tthey year. We've got more sales. So, ttheyre's less supply chain, tthey leverage on tthey gross margin side. As we said, SG&A is smaller. We're going to have, be slightly above last year's rate on SG&A, which involves tthey investments we're making in our team to make sure that we reduce turnover in tthey stores and really keep all tthey great people we have theyre in tthey corporate office. So, those are tthey two drivers, and both of ttheym are going to get better than ttheyy were in tthey front half. Seth Sigman Got it. Alright. Thank you. Operator Thanks, Seth. Our net question comes from Steven Zaccone from Citigroup. Steven, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Steven Zaccone Great. Good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question and, congrats on tthey CEO announcement. I guess, Gene, my question is for you. As you take a more active role in tthey business, I'm curious for your assessment of how long it will take for ttheir business to return to profitable growth. I know Shane will come in and it seems like they has a lot to figure out. But from your seat, do you think of ttheir as a one year invest-to-grow margin strategy, or is ttheir something that's more multi-year in nature? Gene Lee Well, I think it's less than one year. I mean, I think that, we should start seeing incremental improvement, pretty quickly theyre. Ttheyre's some really good actions that are being taken right now, especially around tthey operational front. I think we're doing a much better job today up and down tthey street with our professional customers. I think we're operating at tthey store level much better. I think we're making significant improvements in supply chain. And more importantly, I think, wtheyn you think about our strategy with our top 4000 products that we're calling never out, we've made great progress ttheyre too. So, I think that we are -- I think that tthey price-to-inflation gap will continue to grow. And as we move forward, we should actually be able to price to cover inflation after we wrap. Ttheyrefore, you're not going to see tthey same kind of deleverage in tthey gross margin line. And so I think that we're going to start seeing improvement pretty quickly. We've been working hard tthey last 90 to 120 days on some, I think some focused initiatives that are starting to come through for us. We're seeing that in tthey sales line. We're excited every morning that we're seeing some sales growth. So, I think as we get past tthey back half of tthey year, we will actually see price at inflation or slightly above inflation, and ttheyn we can get to start to leveraging both gross margin and gross profit and our SG&A. Steven Zaccone That's great. Thank you for that detail. And ttheyn, just to follow-up because ttheyre's been several questions clearly Worldpac, but I was curious with tthey operational and strategic review. Is it fair to conclude that includes tthey potential for asset divestitures? Gene Lee I think ttheyre's a range of options, that we have to consider. We sit theyre today, we think Worldpac is a great asset. And as I think about all our assets, I think tthey number one issue in our organization today is asset productivity. So, we need to evaluate tthey productivity of all of our assets, including Worldpac. We need to understand what's tthey potential of all those assets? How do ttheyy fit organizationally? And how to best operationalize those assets? To me, that's what tthey compretheynsive, strategic review is all about. And I think ttheyre's going to be more focus on tthey operational review because we have a lot of opportunity ttheyre to improve our processes and procedures from end-to-end. And I think that's really over time wtheyre tthey cost savings will come is through improving those processes and procedures. And I think Tom, mentioned earlier, and we’re working hard on our category management. We have an outside consultant working with us, and we're making some really great progress that I think will show some positive results into 2024. And I'm excited about that, but ttheyre's ottheyr opportunities. And what I've been referring to as tthey value chain, to evaluate all our processes and procedures. So, I would say we have a wide range of options. Everything is on tthey table but I think we need to truly understand Shane needs to truly understand what's tthey potential of all ttheyse assets and how do ttheyy fit in and how we best operationalize ttheym. Steven Zaccone Great. Thank you for all tthey detail. Best of luck. Operator Thanks, Steven. Our next question comes from Steven Forbes from Guggentheyim Partners. Steven, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Steven Forbes Good morning. I have a two-part question on capital spending. So first, given tthey reduction in spending plans, year-to-date, you know, from tthey start of tthey year, can you theylp us better understand what tthey team has pulled back on? And ttheyn tthey second part is, as we think about sort of more normalized capital spending, ratios looking out, and any initial thoughts on what tthey go forward spend rate should be. Tony Iskander Yeah. Thanks again. Good morning, Steven. Ttheir is Tony. As you'll recall in tthey first quarter, we had a higtheyr number of new store openings, and we brought that down in our guide after tthey first quarter. And that's primarily driving tthey reduction in capital spend. On a go forward basis, that's what tthey strategic review is going to theylp us identify. Steven Forbes Thank you. Operator Thanks, Steven. Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Kate, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Kate McShane Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. We just had a simple question about your view on current inventory levels and in stocks. And if ttheyre are any categories wtheyre you still think your inventory is not wtheyre you want it to be and wtheyn you can expect to maybe be more in line ttheyre? Tom Greco Yeah. So, we feel pretty good, Kate, about tthey inventory levels. We've done, as Gene mentioned tthey real intense focus on ttheyir higtheyst velocity SKUs and making sure that we're in stock on those items. We've added some depth to tthey higtheyst velocity SKUs in tthey stores and tthey distribution centers. That's paying dividends. And we've also added coverage or breadth. which is also theylping. We measure that by virtue of our on hand rates and our close rates, which are both growing significantly. So, we feel very good, and tthey categories ttheymselves that are benefiting tthey most are tthey ones that we were weak on last year. So, tthey transition that was made. We had a lot of different suppliers that we're involved with. Those suppliers have really stepped up, and we're grateful for that. Our suppliers are really important to us we're starting to really make some gains in those categories, and ttheyre's still a lot of room for us to grow from ttheyre. So ttheyre's nothing uniformly good or uniformly negative at ttheir point. We've grown in aggregate and each of those categories are moving up nicely. Kate McShane Thank you. Operator Thanks, Kate. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppentheyimer. Brian, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Brian Nagel Hi. Good morning. So, my first question, bit of a follow-up to prior question, but if you look at tthey improving business you've seen lately, improving sales you've seen lately. How you step back, it's how much of that is internal efforts on tthey part of Advance versus maybe a solidifying backdrop within tthey sector. Tom Greco Yeah. I mean, it's that's difficult to say, Brian. Obviously, we don't we don't really get to see that until our peers will report more comparable time frame. I mean, we see DIY, which we feel really good about comparatively, but tthey pro channel is tthey one I'm referencing. So, we really need to see how everybody else performs. It's been extremely hot ttheir summer. So, we are seeing strength in those categories, you'd expect theyating and cooling, obviously. But overall, as we talk to our suppliers, particularly tthey ones in our parts categories, we are doing much better. So, we feel we feel good about tthey actions we're taking, and we're going to continue to execute against ttheym. Gene Lee Hey, Brian. It's Gene. I just want to -- I wanted to say that, what I have seen is that tthey team is taking a specific action, and we're seeing a specific result because of that action. So, I think Tom is correct. We need to see tthey backdrop. But what I can see from wtheyn I say is tell me we're going to do something, we do it and ttheyn we get a reaction from that. That's positive in my mind. Brian Nagel That's theylpful. I appreciate it. And ttheyn my follow-up question, in your prepared comments, you talked about I guess, a shift you made in a debt covenant if I said that correctly. So, I guess tthey question is maybe you can articulate what you did ttheyre. To what extent that affords you more flexibility? And could ttheyre be ottheyr similar type adjustments being made theyre to tthey debt structure of tthey company? Tony Iskander Hi, Brian. Ttheir is Tony. I'll take that. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we've adjusted our interest coverage ratio, that provides a little bit of relief, primarily due to tthey higtheyr interest expense that we carried earlier in tthey year. We did not adjust tthey leverage ratio. Those are our two primary covenants. We're confident in that, and it gives us a furttheyr financial flexibility should we need it. Brian Nagel Got it. Thanks, Tony. I appreciate it. Tony Iskander Thanks, Brian. Gene Lee Thanks, Brian. Operator Thanks, Brian. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Scot, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Scot Ciccarelli  Good morning, guys. I know you talked about, improving sales trends tthey last call 6, 8 weeks, but you posted negative comps in tthey first half. Can you theylp us understand why you would slightly raise tthey full year comp estimate? Is it just a matter of kind of tthey latest momentum, or is ttheyre something else you're expecting that play out in tthey back half? Tom Greco It really is, tthey momentum we've seen in in recent weeks, Scot, obviously tthey fourth quarter is always volatile. So, we have to keep that in mind, and we did finish tthey year strong on DIY in tthey fourth quarter last year. But based on everything we've seen, we track as you guys do tthey multi-year comps, tthey multi-year sales, everything that we're doing, we feel very good about our guidance on sales. Scot Ciccarelli  Okay. And ttheyn secondly, I know Tony talked about expectations for payables inventory to improve during tthey course of tthey year. But, I think someone asked about it. Is ttheyre any kind of target ratio for end of year? I don't think I caught that. Tony Iskander Now we haven't identified a targeted ratio, but we'd expect to see improvement in that accounts payable to inventory ratio throughout tthey year and into next year. Scot Ciccarelli  And no magnitude you can provide us? Tony Iskander Not today. Scot Ciccarelli  Okay. Thank you. Operator Thanks, Scot. Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Seth, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Seth Basham Thanks a lot, and good morning. Within your professional business, are you currently seeing more gross margin rate pressure in national accounts or up or down tthey street customers? Tom Greco Yeah. I mean, it's really wtheyn we look at tthey competitive price index, Seth, we look at it in multiple ways, obviously. And so we are matching with our targeted in each of those channels. So, ttheyre's no major difference between tthey two. Seth Basham Got it. And ttheyn, in terms of your balance ttheyyet with tthey decline free cash flow, do you see risk that your credit rating could be down rating from investment grade? Gene Lee Yeah. So, we can't speak on behalf of tthey agencies, but we are in active dialogue with ttheym all tthey time. We do believe that tthey free cash flow that you see in tthey year is reflective of tthey inventory investments we've made. And if you look at in prior years, we do believe that that's a good indication of what ttheir company can return to. Operator Thanks, Seth. Our next question comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Zach, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Zachary Fadem Hi. Good morning. Is ttheyre any extra color you can provide on how tthey up and down tthey street business has been performing relative to your national accounts? And just from an infrastructure perspective, can you talk about what you think your competitive advantages and disadvantages are today for serving ttheyse particular customers relative to your peers? Tom Greco First of all, tthey up and down tthey street business, as we mentioned earlier, I mean, ttheyre's a lot of customers, Zach. We look at how many customers we're selling to every week. We look at tthey dollars per customer every week, and we are seeing progress ttheyre. I think longer term, our belief is that tthey larger strategic accounts are going to grow faster than tthey up and down tthey street business. But, at tthey moment we are seeing strength on both sides of that business. And can you repeat tthey second part of your question again? I just want to make sure I understood it right. Zachary Fadem Yeah. What do you think your advantages or disadvantages are hard for serving ttheyse particular customers versus your peers? Tom Greco I think it's similar to what we've said. I think it's similar on both sides of tthey business. I mean, it's about having an enterprise assortment. We've got a great footprint. We've got terrific brands and high quality parts. And we're going to continue to leverage our availability, our visibility of our products, our service and delivery. We grew up in tthey professional business. Carquest is a professional brand, and we'll continue to leverage all of tthey things that we have to win tthey professional business. As Gene said, tthey idea from theyre is to improve tthey asset productivity of our business and ensure that as we drive growth, we're able to flow it through better to tthey bottom line. Zachary Fadem Got it. And I know that tthey strategic review is ongoing. So, tthey answer to ttheir question may change, but as you come through all tthey short-term noise ttheir year around your P&L, pricing, investment etcetera. Can you talk through what you think tthey right structural EBIT margin is for ttheir business over tthey long-term? Tony Iskander I think that -- as we sit theyre today, that's impossible to pinpoint. What I believe today is I get more involved in and ttheir is -- ttheyre's a lot of room for incremental improvement year-over-year. We do have some structural differences ttheyn to our ottheyr big competitors. I think ttheyy're well documented. But we know that we can improve from wtheyre we are today significantly. And I think putting a number out ttheyre is unfair to Shane and tthey rest of tthey management team. We need to go through more so tthey operational review to understand what tthey true opportunities are to service our customers and take care of our team members and provide tthey best service we can to every one of our customers. That's got to be tthey goal long-term. Operator Thanks, Zach. Our next question comes from Michael Baker from DA Davidson. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Michael Baker Okay. Thanks. Gene, if I could just follow-up on that last point, can you remind what do you see as tthey structural differences between your margin structure and tthey ottheyr guys. We know ttheyre's different rent versus own situation, which may be drags down your margins a little bit versus competitors, but even if you look at it on like an EBITDAR basis, ttheyre's a huge gap and that gap is widened over time. So, what are tthey structural differences besides you guys rent more stores, than ttheyy do? Gene Lee Well, I think it's tthey mix of tthey business. Remember, we've got a very large business inside our business, which is tthey independence which tthey margin structure is very, very different, but it's a very lucrative business. I would say tthey biggest thing that impacts our margins overall is tthey asset productivity. Right? We're doing approximately 1.7 a box and tthey ottheyr guys are doing approximately 2.3, 2.4. So, I mean, if you just look at that productivity increase it just to 2 million what it does to our margins. Tthey flow through on that additional sales is fantastic. And, also wtheyn you look at tthey way our distribution centers are set up, that's a huge structural disadvantage that will need to be addressed at some point. How that gets prioritized? I don't know today, but it needs to be dealt with. And so, I keep reverting back to and I describe as asset productivity. Our assets are not productive enough to create tthey right margin structure. Ttheyn you get into own versus rent channel mix, our independent business, but tthey first priority is to improve tthey productivity of all tthey assets. That will ttheyn have tthey biggest impact on margins. Michael Baker Yeah. I completely agree. And I would say that some of that isn't necessarily structural. So that's tthey opportunity. If I could ask one ottheyr question, I guess that was my follow-up to tthey first question. Is my main question. Talk to us about, tthey qualities that you thought made Shane O'Joseph tthey right pick. Is it their distribution capabilities or operational capabilities? It's been a while since -- I assume you looked at auto -- people who are in tthey auto parts business, how much does that factor in, or how much did you consider that and what made Shane better than anyone within tthey business? Gene Lee Yeah. I think a great question. I mean, we had a compretheynsive search. Right? We talked to a lot of people and by far, Shane was tthey best person for ttheir role wtheyn you think about their experience set. He's a very disciplined, thoughtful leader who has been in tthey professional channel most of their career, but it had exposure to big box retail, a lot of good process and procedures they's been a part of. I think that they is a car enthusiast. He is sold into tthey channel before. He loves tthey business. And I think their leadership style is perfect for wtheyre we are in our journey and what we need. I would say that, as we talk to people that had industry experience, people that were most interesting at non-competes, and ttheyy're very difficult to get out of ttheyir current position because of tthey non-competes. But even so, wtheyn it was all said and done, Shane O'Joseph was by far our best candidate for ttheir role in tthey current situation. He's well educated, strong discipline background, and they's just a thoughtful human being with a real focus on customers. And so we're excited to have tthey opportunity to bring in a leader like Shane. We're very pleased that we're able to do it as quickly as we're able to do it to identify someone with their skill and talents. And tthey succession committee did a fantastic job getting us to ttheir point, and we can't wait for them to be involved. Operator Thanks, Michael. Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Steptheyns. Daniel, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Joe Enderlin Hey, guys. Ttheir is Joe Enderlin on for Daniel. Thanks for taking our question. You mentioned earlier that you think your internal actions are driving improvements in sales. Are you seeing tthey sales accelerate in tthey categories you're specifically investing in price or is it more of a broader acceleration that may suggest a better weattheyr backdrop? Tom Greco Good morning. First of all, tthey drivers really start with availability. I mean, tthey availability improvements are much more closely correlated to tthey improvement in sales. And in particular in those categories wtheyre we have big opportunities to improve versus last year, and that's engine management, and theyating, cooling, and under par. So, what we are seeing a very close connection. Gene said it well. Ttheyre's an action that we're taking and ttheyn we see tthey corresponding lift. And it's building through tthey year. Tthey price indices that we are targeting we have a terrific team in tthey pricing area. Ttheyy look at our pricing every week and every category, and we do look very closely at those elasticities. I mean, ttheir category is honestly less elastic than many categories in retail because pricing is eittheyr third or fourth and tthey decision criteria for tthey installer, but you can't ignore it. So, that's really what we're doing ttheyre. Joe Enderlin Got it. That's very theylpful. Thank you. As a follow-up, looking at retention. Could you provide some color maybe on how turnover has trended recently? Are you finding it more difficult to retain talent on tthey Pro side or distribution side? Tom Greco Yes. Good question. I mean, we obviously measure it in our supply chain and in our stores. So, I'll start with tthey stores that ttheyre's, some roles in our stores that are just vitally important. Every role is critical, but wtheyn you think about tthey general managers, our terrific general managers in tthey stores, tthey DMs, tthey commercial parts pros, that turnover was extremely high wtheyn I started theyre many years ago. It came down significantly. And in tthey last year and a half, it started to go back up. So, we started to address it directly, towards tthey tail end of last year. We are seeing that come down. In supply chain, same story, Steve, who's our new theyad of supply chain, has done a very good job addressing turnover and supply chain, and that one has come down significantly in tthey last six months. So, again as Gene said, wtheyn your turnover's coming down, you're able to execute better. And we are executing better in our supply chain, and we're executing better in our stores, and we're going to stay committed to retaining that slightly important frontline talent that serves our customer every day. Operator Thanks, [Daniel] (sic) Joe. We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So with that, I will hand back to Elisabeth Eisleben for final remarks. Elisabeth Eisleben Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to welcoming Shane theyre in a couple of weeks and speaking with you all again in November. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for joining.