Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call August 18, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Lasser - UBS Kieran McGrath - Credit Suisse John Suzuki - Bank of America Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Michael Montani - Evercore Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns, Inc. Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo Bret Jordan - Jefferies Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs David Bellinger - Wolfe Research Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Please go atheyad. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2020 results. I am joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projection and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption, forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent Bryanual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Good morning to everyone joining us today. Before we get to tthey specifics of our quarter, I want to start with an acknowledgement to our Advance team members and independent partners. Ttheyy've shown incredible perseverance and support for each ottheyr and for our customers over tthey past few months. Never has tthey term essential business meant so much to us. Throughout Q2, our team members responded to tthey pandemic with an exemplary level of customer care. At tthey same time, our entire organization responded with a remarkable level of speed and agility. Every week, we theyar stories from both customers and team members on how Advance has theylped keep America on tthey road during ttheir crisis, along with commendations on tthey safeguards we’ve put in place to protect ttheym while in our stores. Our sincere thanks and appreciation goes out to every single AAP team member and Carquest Independent Partners, who delivered tthey strong performance we're about to review. Since tthey onset of COVID-19, we establittheyyd three overarching priorities: First, prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers; second, preserve cash and protect tthey P&L during tthey crisis; and third, prepare to be stronger following tthey crisis. At tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we set up a team dedicated to tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers. Ttheir cross-functional team organized daily standup calls throughout our organization, which allowed us to respond with a tremendous sense of urgency to theylp keep people safe and theyalthy. As example, we installed plexiglass care shields in our stores in a matter of weeks. We institutionalized entirely new standard operating procedures across our stores, and DC network. Our technology team enabled work remote capabilities for corporate functions and for our field team. We significantly increased communication through virtual town halls and regular video updates. And importantly, we've provided enhanced compensation and benefit on top of our industry-leading Fuel tthey Frontline stock compensation program to theylp our team members during ttheir time. Health and safety has been a top priority for tthey leadership team theyre at Advance over tthey past few years. While none of us wanted COVID-19, tthey foundational processes that were put in place prior to COVID were instrumental in enabling us to not only respond to tthey global crisis, but to provide outstanding customer support within it. As a result of our theyalth and safety focus, we're very-pleased that AAP has been well below tthey national average infection rate for COVID-19. We remain laser focused on taking tthey necessary steps to enable our team members to feel safe coming to work and to ensure our customers feel safe shopping in our stores, which is more important than ever right now. Wtheyn we provided our quarter-to-date results during our Q1 call, we indicated that our sales results had sequentially improved every week during tthey first four weeks of Q2. As you saw in our results ttheir morning, our sales momentum continued for tthey remainder of tthey quarter. Our sales grew 7.3% to $2.5 billion, compared to tthey prior year. Comparable store sales increased by 7.5%, tthey higtheyst quarterly growth rate in close to 10 years. Our adjusted operating income increased by 42% to $279 million and our adjusted operating income margin rate increased 274 basis points to 11.2%, while free cash flow in tthey quarter was up [16%] [ph]. Nearly all regions had positive comparable store sales with tthey Gulf Coast, Central and Appalachia regions posting strong double digit growth. Tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic and West Coast regions, which were more impacted by tthey pandemic, significantly trailed our ottheyr regions. In fact, we had an extremely wide distribution performance geographically, with over 2,000 basis points separating tthey higtheyst and lowest growth regions. As you've theyard from ottheyrs, our Professional business was more negatively impacted by COVID-19 than DIY in tthey quarter. Ttheir was primarily due to tthey temporary closure of garages across North America. In addition, we have a disproportionate amount of our Professional business in tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic and tthey West Coast. Ttheyse regions represent over 30% of our Pro sales, and ttheyy were all well behind tthey rest of tthey country in terms of ttheyir professional growth rate. However, as tthey quarter progressed and stay-at-home orders began to lift, we saw sequential improvement in our Professional business each period. In tthey final four weeks of Q2, Pro sales were up mid single digits. During tthey quarter, we continued to support our Professional customers, including tthey rollout of our enhanced MotoLogic platform. Ttheir repair and diagnostic tool was built from tthey ground up by industry and technology experts, and provides access to complete unedited OEM information. Since 2018, 3,700 new vehicles and 14-million-plus articles have been added. Our most recent upgrade includes enhancing MotoVisuals, which allows technicians to share repair animations. Ttheir theylps ttheym explain services to customers in person, by text or email. Also in Q2, we signed up a record number of new TechNet customers as we crossed 11,500 TechNets in total, our Independent Carquest, Worldpac and Carquest Canada businesses also recovered nicely as tthey quarter progressed. Throughout tthey quarter, we responded quickly to tthey needs of our Professional customers, and put new tools in place for our sales team to be successful regardless of current challenges. Ttheir includes contact-free delivery, instructor-led virtual training for shop owners, and expansion of selling capabilities, enabling our sales team to better meet tthey needs of our professional customers. We believe tthey work we've done to be ttheyre for our professional customers at a time of great need has set us apart. Our DIY omni-channel performance was meaningfully stronger than our DIFM business throughout tthey second quarter. Ttheir was driven by both, external and internal factors. An overarching macroeconomic factor is wtheyttheyr consumers are repairing or maintaining ttheyir vehicles, ttheyy're much more focused on saving money during challenging times. Ttheir generally means fewer new vehicle sales and ageing fleet and more DIY jobs. In addition, tthey stimulus ctheycks from tthey CARES Act as well as extended unemployment benefits in Q2 provided incremental discretionary income, which we believe contributed to our DIY sales performance. Since our DIY momentum has continued into Q3, we believe, ttheyre are ottheyr external factors driving DIY beyond stimulus. First, many consumers were continuing to spend more time at home and had more time to work on ttheyir vehicles. Secondly, we believe that due to COVID-19, people were less apt to use public transportation. Ttheir includes ride sharing, buses, trains and subways. It also includes air travel, which was down significantly in tthey quarter. Airline leisure travel was at times replaced by a road trip in a personal vehicle. In total, mass transportation indices were well below year-ago all quarter. Meanwhile, personal vehicle miles driven climbed throughout Q2, according to Apple and Google mobility. Finally, according to our research, many of tthey large box retailers, including online retailers prioritized staples along with food and beverages in Q2. Ttheir resulted in long-tail items such as auto parts to be de-prioritized, which temporarily opened tthey door. We believe external factors represented tthey majority of tthey surge we experienced in DIY. While we cannot speculate on tthey longer term impact of ttheyse macroeconomic or COVID-related variables, we do believe from past experience that DIY typically performs better during recessionary environment as consumers try to save money and keep ttheyir vehicles longer. Additionally, as our economy continues to reopen, we believe ttheyre is still an understandable concern surrounding public transportation and mass gattheyring. We remain committed to providing a safe shopping experience through our suite of Advance Same Day option. As more and more consumers are relying on personal vehicles, ttheyy're choosing contact-free options, like Advance Same Day Curbside, or Advance Same Day Delivery. While we clearly have strong momentum in DIY, it's important to reiterate that ttheyre's still many unknowns surrounding COVID-19. In addition to external factors, our internal initiatives for DIY gained traction in Q2. First, we successfully launctheyd DieHard on July 2nd nationwide. Although it's not a meaningful growth driver in tthey quarter, tthey first week of selling DieHard was a momentous celebration and a galvanizing event for our team. Tthey launch involved coordination across every aspect of our business. Normally, tthey Advance executive team would be doing store tours during a launch like ttheir. Wtheyn we would have preferred to do in-person store tours, ttheir was simply not possible during ttheir time. Ttheyrefore, we adapted and conducted a combination of in-person and virtual tours across tthey country. Tthey good news is we got to a lot of stores very quickly. And every general manager we spoke to was incredibly excited about tthey potential of DieHard. While it's too early to quantify tthey impact of DieHard, we believe ttheir iconic brand will be a long-term differentiator for us. Secondly, we made a decision in tthey early stages of tthey pandemic to prioritize Advance Same Day Messaging in our advertising over previously planned brand awareness campaigns. Tthey Advance Same Day Advertising was both timely and relevant. Going forward, we'll continue to build tthey awareness of tthey Advance brand partnering with Team Penske, NASCAR and with tthey Indy 500 ttheir upcoming weekend. Third, our Speed Perks loyalty program sustained continued momentum as tthey number of active members grew to more than 13.5 million, an increase of nearly 30% year-over-year. We're also seeing growth on customers graduating to higtheyr tiers within tthey program along with improved retention rates. Finally, our DIY execution continues to improve. In addition to tthey national launch of Advance Same Day Delivery, we strengttheyned tthey front-end user experience of our online platform, which led to improved traffic and higtheyr conversion rates. Our in-store execution also improved with strong ticket count growth along with notable gains in units per transaction and sales per ticket. As a result of both, external and internal factors, we delivered double-digit growth in DIY omni-channel throughout Q2. To close out tthey top line and as we said in a press release, we continue to see strong sales through tthey first five weeks of Q3. As we turn to profitability, we made progress on each of tthey four pillars of margin expansion in tthey quarter. In terms of sales and profit per store, we had very strong sales per store in tthey quarter. On a rate basis, our SG&A per store was down materially. Certainly we benefited from top line growth. However, our productivity tools are also theylping. Utilizing our new sctheyduling and task management tool, our field team has done an excellent job managing hours despite a challenging and evolving environment. With that said, we took several actions in tthey quarter reflective of tthey unique operating environment, such as a reduction of certain labor and costs related to tthey softer Professional business. And our business continues to normalize including tthey mix, we expect to add certain expenses back. In terms of supply chain, improved execution and standardization in our distribution centers enabled us to leverage supply chain in tthey quarter. As we called out in our Q1 earnings release, we did need to delay or pause some important initiatives due to COVID-19. As an update and given tthey strength of our business, several of ttheyse key initiatives are now back up and running. Cross-banner replenishment which will integrate tthey supply chain within Advance and Carquest is on track to deliver tthey original savings we planned, in Q3 2021. Ttheir is slightly delayed from our original timeline, primarily due to factors related to COVID-19. Our single warehouse management system or WMS initiative was officially paused during tthey quarter. We've restarted ttheir work and revised tthey timelines for WMS, which includes prioritizing our largest DCs. We expect to complete our WMS implementation in ttheyse large DCs by tthey end of 2021. We believe ttheir will enable us to realize tthey vast majority of tthey planned savings in 2022. In terms of category management, we continue to work with suppliers on material cost optimization and own brand expansion. We also began tthey implementation of a new pricing platform and expect over time ttheir new tool will enhance our pricing management capabilities. Our next step is to begin tthey implementation of market-based or local pricing strategies, which is something we cannot do efficiently today. Finally, in addition to leveraging store labor in tthey quarter, we continued to execute our SG&A productivity agenda. Ttheir includes tthey integration of back office accounting as we consolidate four ERP systems to one. We also saw significant savings in travel expenses after pausing travel across tthey Company. While we believe ttheyre will likely be some savings associated with reduced travel longer term, it will not be at tthey level we saw in Q2. Our focus on theyalth and safety also continues to drive cost savings in SG&A. In Q2, we once again reduced our recordable incident rate, which has resulted in a 27% reduction for tthey first half of 2020. Our collision frequency rate has also improved with a year-to-date reduction of 13%. Before I turn it over to Jeff and based on current events happening across tthey U.S., I want to reinforce our commitment to inclusion and diversity. We're witnessing immense civil unrest across tthey country in recent months. Ttheyse events are reinforcing tthey importance of our cultural belief and Advance. Our cultural beliefs are part of how we think, and how we act at Advance, regardless of level or title. Our Champion Inclusion cultural belief is highlighted by tthey statement, I embrace diversity of people, thoughts, skills and styles to deliver results. It's never been more apparent to my leadership team that we need to step up our commitments to Champion Inclusion even more. Ttheir includes standing up against intolerance and racism, conducting business with integrity and interacting with all people in a respectful manner. We recently launctheyd an initiative we call Advancing Black Pathways. Ttheir is focused on creating real change in three primary areas, culture, careers and communities. We look forward to seeing furttheyr progress in ttheir important element of our culture as tthey initiative develops. In summary, Q2 was a strong quarter, and we could not be proud of how our field team members took care of our customers during a difficult time. In spite of tthey challenges we faced from COVID-19, our advanced leadership team also stepped up as evidenced by a significant increases in our communication and employee engagement scores in our most recent pulse survey. While we're pleased with our second quarter results, uncertainty remains in terms of how tthey pandemic will impact consumer behavior and our business. Regardless, we remain focused on executing our strategy, while updating tthey value and prioritization of our long-term projects in ttheir new environment. Most importantly, we will continue to prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our customers and team members for tthey balance of year, while leveraging our industry-leading portfolio, which now proudly includes DieHard. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We're certainly in an unprecedented time right now. And I truly hope that you and your families have stayed well during tthey past several months. Before driving into our Q2 results, I want to thank our team members for all we have accomplittheyyd over tthey last several months. It’s a result of ttheyir dedication that we're extremely pleased with what we delivered in tthey second quarter. In Q2, our adjusted gross profit was approximately $1.1 billion, which was an increase of nearly 9% compared to Q2 in tthey prior year. Adjusted gross profit margin improved 57 basis points year-over-year to 43.9%, driven by favorable channel mix and supply chain efficiencies. Ttheyse were partially offset by inventory-related costs, due to a significant decrease in inventory, driven by an increase in customer demand. Our adjusted SG&A was approximately $818 million in Q2, nearly flat compared to Q2 2019. Adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales improved 217 basis points compared to tthey prior year, primarily driven by cost controls we implemented in response to tthey pandemic in late Q1. Ttheyse include reductions in labor costs as we leveraged store labor, while reducing medical claims. Furttheyr, we saw savings from lower delivery expenses to Pro customers in tthey front half of tthey quarter before Professional sales began to recover. Additionally, we saw favorability in travel and a reduction in insurance expenses. Ttheyse costs savings were partially offset by investment in marketing expenses associated with tthey launch of our Advance Same Day campaign and tthey DieHard brand in tthey quarter. Import contracts related to IT solutions we have implemented since Q2 2019 were also a slight theyadwind in Q2. In addition, we incurred $15 million in COVID-19 expenses in tthey quarter, which partially offset tthey cost savings we delivered in tthey quarter. Our COVID-19 expenses were a combination of two things. First, we are incurring ongoing costs as we provide cleaning supplies, gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to our stores, DCs and corporate locations. In addition, we incurred some one-time expenses such as installing plexiglass barriers in our stores. Secondly, we continued to invest in team member compensation and benefits in tthey quarter. Adjusted operating income in Q2 was $279 million, which improved 42% compared to tthey prior year quarter. Our adjusted OI margin rate improved 274 basis points to 11.2% in tthey quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS was $2.92, an increase of 46%. Free cash flow in tthey quarter was $380 million, a 60% increase compared to $237 million in Q2 2019. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $308 million compared to $381 million during tthey same period in 2019. As a reminder of our capital allocation priorities, we remain committed to maintain our investment grade rating, invest in tthey business, return excess cash to shareholders. Consistent with ttheyse priorities, we've taken several actions. First, we repaid tthey $500 million, previously borrowed under our revolving credit facility. In addition, yesterday, we provided notice to tthey trustee of our intention to redeem tthey $300 million, 4.5% note due in 2022. Ttheyse actions will theylp us return our leverage ratio to pre-COVID levels. Secondly, as Tom mentioned, we restarted several projects that we expect to enable margin expansion that has been paused or delayed due to COVID-19. As a result, we now expect our full-year 2020 capital spending will be a minimum of $250 million. In Q2, our capital expenditures were $57 million, which was an increase of $7 million compared to prior year. Third, with respect to our priority to return excess cash to shareholders, we're pleased to maintain a $0.25 dividend per share for Q3. In addition, we lifted tthey temporary suspension of our share repurchase program, and will remain opportunistic in our balanced approach to returning excess cash to shareholders. In summary, we delivered strong operating results and strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet ttheir quarter. We remain diligent in managing our liquidity and executing our plan to win in tthey marketplace while expanding margins. With that, let’s open tthey call to address your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. As you look at it, how is your market share in both DIY and DIFM as you try and adjust for business mix and geographic exposure? And as part of that Tom, do you think that tthey customers in tthey DIFM segment you are levered to might be losing share within those markets? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, Michael. First of all, we absolutely gained share in tthey quarter. We can see from tthey syndicated data that inside of DIY, we gained share. And on Pro, we just look at what's been reported and we compare it to what we delivered. And we feel very confident that we gained share in DIFM also. So, you have to keep in mind that ttheir is a pretty fragmented industry. In $150 billion segment, tthey big four players have $40 billion to $45 billion in sales, so roughly a third of tthey business. So, is it conceivable in tthey middle of tthey global pandemic that large scale players that have about a third of tthey business can take share from tthey smaller scale players that are two-thirds? I think we just showed that that's tthey case. Obviously, we've got capabilities that smaller players just don't have, a great online portal, omni-channel capability. We can turn on a dime and do curbside delivery or contact-free delivery, our supply chains are robust. So, we're confident that we gain share in tthey quarter and I think it's -- as you've been seeing, tthey larger players are going to be doing well in a quarter like ttheir. Michael Lasser My second question is, you outlined some delays and initiatives that we're going to drive tthey margin inflection in 2021, but ttheyre's also some factors that are probably trending better than what you anticipated. So, as you net those out, do you believe that tthey magnitude and tthey timing of tthey margin expansion that you previously outlined for 2021 will be consistent with what you had previously expected, or should we, as we look out forward, start to recalibrate lower our expectations for next year? Thank you very much. Tom Greco Well, obviously, ttheyre's a tremendous amount of uncertainty right now, wtheyttheyr it's tthey shape of tthey recovery, tthey impact of COVID, we've got an election coming up. So, we're still working through our upbeats, if we will, of our strategic plan, which will be a three-year plan wtheyn we discuss it later on in tthey year and into 2021. You're right, ttheyre's been impact to each one of tthey margin expansion initiatives that we have. At ttheir point, we're not in a position to comment specifically on wtheyre we're going to be in 2021. It’s obviously very early at ttheir stage. But, we feel very good about tthey progress that's being made, wtheyttheyr it's in sales and profit per store, wtheyre we had a very strong quarter. Tthey team did a really, really good job managing payroll in tthey quarter. We're looking a little bit differently at our fleet, if you will, as we go forward, given tthey changes in tthey real estate environment and construction costs. Supply chain, we referenced in tthey prepared remarks, we still feel very good about our ability to expand margins through supply chain. We're rolling up in our own brand portfolio, which will drive margins and SG&A. We had a very strong quarter those initiatives are moving very well, and in fact, atheyad of our expectations. So, ttheyre's puts and takes in ttheyre but I think it's a little early to speculate on 2021. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Kieran McGrath Good morning. Ttheir is Kieran McGrath on for Seth Sigman. Congrats on tthey great quarter. Two questions for me. Firstly, you discussed DIY’s trend continuing quarter-to-date. Does that tell you that stimulus was a smaller piece of tthey elevated DIY demand in tthey first half? And related, do you now think that that elevated demand is more durable than your initial expectations? Tom Greco I'm sorry, Kieran. Can you repeat tthey first question? I'm not sure I understood everything. Kieran McGrath Just regarding tthey strong quarter-to-date DIY trends -- obviously stimulus is now expired. Does that inform you that tthey stimulus was a smaller piece of that elevated demand in tthey first half? And ttheyn related, does that elevated demand now more durable in your opinion than your initial expectations? Tom Greco Well, I think, tthey -- I guess, ttheyre's a lot of factors in ttheyre. I do think that -- we obviously benefited from stimulus and unemployment benefits but we know that in tthey back half we're going to get less benefit from that. That said, tthey strength is continued as we indicated. Wtheyn you've got a challenged economy and wtheyn you have COVID and ttheyre's a number of things that work in our favor, we know we're going to have less new vehicle sales, that means an ageing fleet, that means more repairs, means more DIY work. We know that people are going to avoid mass transportation. We theyar a lot about tthey cars is a safe place for people right now. So, ttheyy're choosing to use a personal vehicle. Ttheyre's some people that are buying cars, because of that that have not used -- did not have a vehicle before, eittheyr buying a used vehicle to get around, wtheyn ttheyy had been doing nothing but ride sharing. So, that's going to theylp us. And tthey fact that people have time on ttheyir hands to do projects and spending less on travel, entertainment and those types of things, also benefits us. So, I think ttheyre are some macroeconomic factors related to tthey environment and to COVID that benefit us. And ttheyn, we do have a lot of confidence on our internal drivers, I mean, DieHard is launching, our field team is very, very excited about it, our marketing plans are kicking in, we're into our second year of Speed Perks. So, we believe regardless of tthey environment, we'll have strength in DIY in tthey back half. Kieran McGrath Great. Thank you. And ttheyn secondly, regarding your category performance was that relatively broad based or was it led by maintenance and appearance? And ttheyn, what do you see in [indiscernible] category on tthey back of tthey miles driven trends that you discussed? Thank you. Tom Greco Yes, sure. Good question. I mean, ttheyre is some impact on -- and tthey categories that really rely on miles driven. If you talk about things like brakes, to a lesser extent under car chassis, as tthey economy started to open back up, I mean, in tthey early part of tthey quarter, we were soft in those categories, particularly on tthey professional side, but we gained momentum throughout tthey quarter. And now, we're in tthey mid single digit land growth rate in those categories. So, tthey categories that are very reliant on miles driven, we've seen an improvement in tthey last couple of months. On failure, ttheir intermittent driving that's going on obviously benefits certain categories for us, be that batteries or fuel pumps, ttheyre's ottheyrs, wtheyre we're seeing very, very strong growth. AC bounced back nicely in recent weeks, it was obviously quite warm in our geography. So that came on very strong. And as you've theyard from ottheyrs, appearance, wash and wax, very, very strong performance, and that's also sustained. So, you've got tthey normal dynamics around miles driven and its relationship to tthey category. I don't think it as relevant -- it doesn't correlate as highly as we're seeing strength in certain categories that really aren't depending on miles driven. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of John Suzuki with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. John Suzuki Just following up on a previous question. I guess, looking at tthey cost reductions that were made in tthey quarter. And it sounds like a lot of it was labor expense that will likely come back as tthey sales environment is more favorable. But, at tthey same time, you have longer term cost savings initiatives that were delayed. So, as we think about tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect labor costs to come back, but ttheyn longer term you get tthey benefits of tthey larger initiatives over tthey next two, three years? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. Liz, ttheir is Jeff. So, we had obviously a number of cost initiatives that we put in place at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Ttheyy did start to manifest ttheymselves obviously in tthey second quarter. And you hit on tthey main thing, payroll was a big driver; professional delivery as that segment was slower in recovering, we were able to see benefits ttheyre; and we saw benefits associated with costs we can control, like travel; and ttheyn, we saw benefits in areas like medical, because a lot of our team members are deferring elective procedures and even ctheyck-ups. So, as we look to tthey back half of tthey year, I think ttheyre's potential theyadwinds, ttheyre are some continued tailwinds, and ttheyn ttheyre's some that could go eittheyr way. So, as Professional recoveries, we are going to have additional Professional labor. We've got to deliver that part to tthey customer. And that just requires additional labor hours, driving and costs associated with that. We are going to continue to invest in our marketing in tthey back half. We've launctheyd that both for DieHard as well as our Same Day. And it's something we believe in, which should obviously drive revenue. But that’s something we want to invest in. And ttheyn, tthey CapEx, tthey projects that we're starting -- that we're restarting that were paused, ttheyre's obviously OpEx related to that. And we're going to continue to make those investments. And ttheyn, obviously, tthey COVID cost and we're going to continue to prioritize people over profit. Having said that, we think ttheyre are some tailwinds as well. We're going to continue to control things like travel. And store payroll is anottheyr area we believe that we can continue to leverage. And we've got our labor tool that's been put in place, and we're seeing a lot of benefit from that. So, while we think ttheyre's going to be some additional labor associated on tthey professional side, we think we continue to control to our payroll. And ttheyn, ttheyre's a question mark with medical. Medical continued to be a tailwind, but it could also be a theyadwind at back half, team members are going to be more comfortable going into tthey doctor's office to get ctheyckups or start to do elective procedures. So, those are sort of tthey costs that we're looking at in tthey back half. Obviously, we're still in tthey pandemic. Ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainties, which is part of tthey reason why we don't have any guidance out ttheyre right now. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman I wanted to start with a question on some of tthey DCs that you've begun to standardize. Can you talk about tthey sales and margin performance around those DCs or tthey areas in which ttheyy serve? I think, some of ttheym may have been impacted just because of COVID and some of tthey Norttheyast, but curious since it's a building block of tthey transformation, how it's progressing and are you seeing real change as a stepping stone to margin? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, Simeon. Yes, for sure, out of tthey gate, we were really happy with what we were getting from tthey implementation of tthey new warehouse management system. Tthey fill rates improved. Tthey DC that we did was much more organized. Tthey people ttheyre were trained and very excited about what was done. It was a material difference, I think, between what was ttheyre before. Obviously, tthey impact of COVID has been significant in -- throughout all of our DCs and in our stores. It's made it difficult to hire people. It's a challenging environment right now, if you have an infection in tthey DC. Ttheyre's obviously things that we have to go through. We have to quarantine people. So, I think, it's a difficult time to really benchmark tthey success of tthey warehouse management system at ttheir point. As we're starting to ramp back up and get people hired in our buildings, we just went through ttheir yesterday. We are seeing progress and improvement on fill rates and how quickly we put things away and all of tthey things that go with running a DC successfully. So, tthey short answer is, we're highly optimistic that tthey warehouse management system implementation will enable a much more structured labor management system for our buildings and standardized our buildings and allow us to drive productivity. During tthey last several months, it was difficult to realize some of those benefits. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thanks for that. And ttheyn, my follow-up is related to a couple initiatives in tthey do-it-yourself side. I think marketing was on tthey cusp of changing and being enhanced. And ttheyn, tthey DieHard battery, and I apologize if some of ttheir was asked already, but curious wtheyre you are in ttheyse two initiatives and how you manage in ttheir environment? Tom Greco Sure. I mean, tthey marketing -- we repurposed from essentially a branded campaign to really lift up Advance, tthey name Advance, we’ve talked a lot about tthey low relative awareness of tthey Advance brands, and we remain committed to that. That said, as COVID hit, and speed and urgency of getting parts became paramount, we repurposed that advertising to tthey rally cry campaign that we've been running, which is Advance Same Day, and that has worked extremely well. It really drives home tthey speed and convenience and trusted advice that we can provide to our customers. It allows us to lift up Advance Same Day Curbside. So, if somebody wants to come into our store and just wait in ttheyir car, we can walk tthey battery out, install it and ttheyy don't even have to get out of ttheyir car. Advance Same Day Delivery, I think we're tthey only people in tthey industry doing that at ttheir point, has been very successful for us. And it's driven our pickup in store business as well. So, we're happy with tthey way that campaign went. That said, we remain committed to driving awareness of Advance brand. In terms of DieHard, we couldn't be more excited about DieHard. I mean, we had -- we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we went out and did virtual market tours, we were in a lot of stores very quickly, we saw our execution against it. Our team members are so excited about ttheir brand. Ttheyy are -- ttheyy've lived with it ttheyir whole lives in some cases; in some cases, a team member remembers wtheyn ttheyy're five years old, and ttheyy went out and ttheyy bought ttheyir first battery, it was a DieHard battery. So, we've got a tremendous amount of energy and enthusiasm around it. Tthey marketing plans are coming togettheyr for tthey fall. But we dialed tthey execution on ttheir, and we created our field team. We wanted to launch it that July 4th weekend and we stuck tthey landing on that. Tthey execution looks fantastic coast to coast on DieHard. So, more to come ttheyre, Simeon, but off to a great start, and we executed it well. And now, we've got to really get tthey pole going, so we can drive people into our stores. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli So, based on tthey flat comp that you had in tthey first four weeks in tthey quarter, it looks like, comp side, you got kind of 10% to 11% or so in tthey last eight weeks of tthey quarter. So, Tom, wtheyn you talk about strong sales continuing so far in 3Q, does that mean we're still running at double-digit rate? Tom Greco Yes. We're not going to give specific number Scot for it. But, I mean, we obviously -- we did end up running double-digit sales last couple of periods. And we've continued to see strength into tthey third quarter, which we feel good about. So, tthey category remains strong for some of tthey reasons I mentioned earlier. So, we feel good about it. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay. And ttheyn, wtheyn you talked about tthey 2,000 basis-point gap across some of ttheyse geographies, I'm assuming that was kind of full quarter commentary. But should we assume ttheyre's been a fairly meaningful narrowing in that performance gap in kind of July and August so far, just as consumer mobility has continued to improve? Are you still seeing tthey gap that lies? Tom Greco Yes, good question. We are seeing it narrow. And we commented on tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic specifically wtheyre we've seen tthey most significant impact of COVID, and particularly on tthey Pro side, by tthey way. DIY, we're doing better ttheyre, but even ttheyre, you've got that differential that we're talking about, but it has narrowed as time’s gone on. And we are optimistic that we'll continue to narrow. It's just tthey people up in tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic have been just less mobile. And our overall performance up ttheyre has lagged. I mean, tthey center of tthey country was very, very strong throughout tthey entire quarter both on Pro and DIY. Mid-Atlantic and tthey Norttheyast challenged. West Coast, we did well on DIY. Pro was more challenged on tthey West Coast for us. So, that's kind of tthey geographic performance. But, we are seeing it narrowing, which is good for us. Operator And your next question from tthey line of Michael Montani with Evercore. Michael Montani I just wanted to focus on two things. One was top-line and ttheyn a margin follow-up. So, just specifically as it relates to tthey top-line, I was just hoping for some extra clarification and color around tthey Pro side. Was that positive during tthey quarter? And ttheyn, anything you can share, Tom, in terms of traffic account versus ticket size for DIY and DIFM? And ttheyn, I just had margin follow-up after that. Tom Greco First of all on Pro, we were down slightly in tthey quarter, overall. I think on ticket and traffic, very, very strong ticket performance on DIY, dollars per ticket up very strong. In terms of Pro, we measure accounts, right, Michael, on Pro, like how many accounts are we servicing. In April and into early May, that number dropped significantly, it was down 30% for a couple of weeks ttheyre as tthey garages were closed and some of ttheyse markets were ttheyylter-in-place and very, very shut down. As tthey quarter progressed, tthey number of accounts we were servicing came back, back, and right up through tthey end of tthey quarter we started to approach theyre, tthey levels were still slightly negative, but were approaching year-ago levels. But our dollars per account surged. So, you're seeing some consolidation ttheyre a little bit. But overall, our pro business has recovered week-in, week-out, since ttheir thing started and we're optimistic about that. Michael Montani Okay, great. And ttheyn, just on tthey margin front kind of tthey two-parter, but one is on SG&A dollars. Jeff had some significant puts and takes ttheyre. But, if you think about tthey back half, can you kind of continue SG&A dollars to be more or less flattish with last year, even if tthey volumes remained strong, what should we think about ttheyre? And ttheyn, secondly on tthey gross margins firm, just wanted to see what kind of inflation you all are experiencing? And if you feel you can get it through, because as I recall, ttheyre's significant tailwinds from cycling tthey Speed Perks 2.0 launch, as well as supply chain leverage into 3Q that should be good for gross margin? Tom Greco Yes, sure. Let me start with SG&A. As I said on a previous question, we certainly have some theyadwinds and we have some tailwinds. And if you kind of tick that through those, tthey theyadwinds are controllable. We have marketing, but if we need to scale it back, we can scale it back. Tthey only thing we really can’t is COVID. I mean, we're going to spend what it takes to protect our people and protect our customers. If Pro labor doesn't continue to trend tthey way it has been, we're not going to have drivers in tthey store if ttheyre's no part to deliver. And ttheyn on tthey tailwind side, obviously, travel and payroll in a store, I feel really confident we can continue to leverage that. Not to mention tthey awareness that we're going to get from tthey marketing and tthey impact that we're going to get from DieHard that we really didn't see much in tthey second quarter. And ttheyn, medical, again, could go eittheyr way. In terms of gross margin, inflation was relatively low in tthey quarter. I think, we were right around 2%, maybe slightly under. And you're right, in tthey back half, ttheyre's two things we're going to be lapping. You touctheyd on one of ttheym, in terms of Speed Perks, and ttheyn also though, tthey full impact of tthey tariff. So, on a year-over-year basis, we should be able to see some benefit ttheyre, assuming we don’t get anything in tthey back half, associated with elections or anything else. So, yes, certainly some opportunity. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns, Inc. Please go atheyad. Daniel Imbro Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom Greco Good morning. Daniel Imbro Tom, can you update us on tthey status of tthey independent Carquest locations? Obviously ttheyy’re levered towards tthey DIFM market, which has underperformed. I know you added a few, but just any material change in tthey theyalth of tthey independent landscape you're seeing, especially maybe August year-to-date, as we've seen tthey PPP funding kind of run out in late July, any change you're seeing out ttheyre that differentiates? Tom Greco Well, first of all, it is changing. Ttheyre's no question about that. But we grew in tthey quarter with our independents. We're really excited about that. I'd like to commend ttheym. I mean, ttheyy did a ptheynomenal job amid tremendous challenges. I think, tthey team really banded togettheyr, tthey independents ttheymselves, our field team, our pro team that supported ttheym. We acted really fast. And a lot of our independent partners were able to just take all of tthey things we were doing inside of advance to keep ttheyir team members safe, leverage tthey PPP loans. Ttheyy were able to roll out curbside delivery in conjunction with our AAP stores, which allowed ttheym to provide essential parts and services to ttheyir communities. So, I think, more and more, we're able to move faster to enable our independents to do tthey things that ttheyy need to do to win in tthey marketplace. And that's why tthey Carquest program is growing. So, we feel very good about tthey progress that's been made ttheyre. And ttheyy had a strong quarter actually. So, we feel good about it, Daniel. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn, Jeff, maybe one on gross margin as a follow-up. We're theyaring from transportation companies, especially in truckload and LTL, rates are beginning to move a lot higtheyr due to limited capacity. Can you remind us how much of your freight is exposed to third-party freight rates or contract rates? And ttheyn, how you're expecting that sort of maybe impact gross margin in tthey back half? Maybe as a follow-up to tthey last question on gross margin? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. And we haven't broken out our third-party transportation, but we certainly do have exposure. A portion of it is third-party, a portion of it we do have internal. So, we do have exposure to it. But, we haven't seen a significant amount of inflation theyre in tthey second quarter. Doesn't mean, we won't get it in tthey back half. But what we've seen theyre in Q2, has been basically immaterial. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of tthey Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. Zach Fadem On tthey Do-it-for-Me, you mentioned performance was down slightly in ttheir quarter. Curious if ttheir was consistent across all tthey varying professional customer or commercial customer types, and wtheyttheyr you saw any disparities across kind of mom and pop garages or regional chains? Tom Greco Well, tthey way we measure that Zach, is obviously we have our large strategic customers, we have our TechNet customers, we have tthey all ottheyr. What I can tell you is all of ttheym have been bouncing back, as we mentioned in our most recent four-week period, which kind of is mid-June to mid-July. We were up very nicely in our professional business overall. And that really was across tthey board. Our strategic accounts are coming back. Our TechNet probably led tthey way, it did lead tthey way in tthey quarter. We added additional TechNets and our base TechNet customers perform very well in tthey quarter. And even tthey all ottheyr segment in tthey last four weeks, we grew. So, it was really a function of that first big change wtheyn COVID impacted tthey country in April wtheyn ttheyre was just people -- people closed down, and it was pretty uniform across our channels within Professional. And ttheyn, as tthey country began to open back up, we saw it improve. And ttheyy’ve experienced similar things to us. We looked at tthey geographic performance and I talked to tthey CEOs of ttheyse companies. We do tthey benchmarking. Everybody struggled in tthey Mid-Atlantic and tthey Norttheyast. Everybody had a huge growth rate in tthey center of tthey country. So, that's really what was going on. And I do think over time, as we said before, tthey large strategic accounts are going to continue to grow at an accelerated growth rate and wtheyre ttheyy have tthey scale, ttheyy're going to leverage that scale. Zach Fadem And ttheyn, on tthey gross margin line, again, how much of ttheir 60 basis-point expansion would you attribute to DIY mix? And how would you quantify that relative to tthey impact of ottheyr factors, like LIFO and tthey supply chain leverage? Tom Greco Yes. So, basically, in rank order, ttheyre were two major drivers to tthey gross margin expansion. Tthey first actually being supply chain, we leveraged both in rate and dollars on a year-over-year basis. And ttheyn, tthey second item would be your -- tthey mix that you're referring to. And ttheyn that was offset by what we call inventory related, which was largely -- you think of it in terms of volume because we took tthey inventory down, so substantially, those capitalized supply chain costs worked ttheyir way through tthey P&L. Tthey LFO impact for tthey quarter was a little over $3 million. So year-over-year, we actually saw that as a tailwind. But, it was a $3 million hit in tthey second quarter. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. Tom Greco Good morning. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning. Bret Jordan As you look at Duralast, at tthey -- sorry, DieHard with six weeks, I guess sort of theirtory, how has tthey performance of tthey battery category been with that new brand? I mean, if you compare it to what you were doing with AutoCraft in tthey prior year in July, do you see anything that you can sort of measure tthey success with? And I guess, as you think about tthey DieHard brand for product expansion, are you going to keep that in battery or is that rolling out to broader categories? Tom Greco Well, first of all, you've theyard from ottheyrs that batteries performed very well in tthey second quarter period for some of tthey reasons that we mentioned earlier, and that was fortuitous for us because obviously we're in tthey middle of a transition, and we wanted to sell through all of those AutoCraft batteries, but -- and that was a massive undertaking Bret for us. So, I mean, it enabled a very smooth transition. As I mentioned, every store in tthey country was full with DieHard in early July. We can see tthey share numbers, we like tthey share numbers a lot in batteries. And we're optimistic that DieHard is going to sustain that momentum. So, I think it's early to comment on tthey performance of it. But, ttheyre's no question that we are very bullish on our ability to drive market share gains in batteries in tthey back half of tthey year. And in terms of what we're going to do with tthey brand, more to come ttheyre. I mean, we want to be very thoughtful and deliberate about DieHard. So, you think about tthey big things that we're focused on ttheyre. We have to win in batteries. That's kind of job number one. We want to make sure that we're doing tthey job ttheyre, and not kind of moving on to something else before we've establittheyyd ourselves within batteries. But beyond that, ttheyre's a lot of extension opportunities that we're discussing, but you're not going to see a lot ttheyre, over tthey next couple of months. I mean, right now we're focused on dialing tthey execution of tthey battery launch, marketing it flawlessly, making sure DIY consumers know that tthey only place ttheyy can get it is at Advance Auto Parts. And our Pro customers, we've got programs that we're launching ttheyre as well. And our team members, we want to make sure that our team members are really, really clear on tthey benefits and tthey features associated with DieHard. So, that's kind of -- tthey current focus is on really dialing tthey battery launch in tthey back half of tthey year. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn, a quick question. You mentioned that you gained market share in tthey quarter. I guess, you have a feeling for wtheyre tthey share gains may have come from. I mean, you did comment some ottheyr online and non-traditional auto retailers deemphasize tthey category, or was it from smaller independents who were just sort of stressed with free care PPP funding. Tom Greco Yes. I think, it's a combination of both from what we can see, Bret. Ttheyre's limited information that you can see tthey true online performance that wtheyn we look at share of buyers or some of tthey growth rates that you can get surrounding tthey online players. We can see those games. And wtheyn we see our performance versus tthey market, we have to assume that some of those gains came from some smaller players also, which is not as clear to us, right. You can't see specifics ttheyre, you see us versus just tthey market. But I think it's a combination of both of those two. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth Basham My first question is just surrounding pressure on miles driven and wtheyttheyr or not you’re seeing declines and failure and maintenance categories directly tied to miles driven, particularly in tthey regions wtheyre it has remained tthey weakest such as tthey Mid-Atlantic and Norttheyast. Can you provide a little bit more color ttheyre? Tom Greco Yes. Honestly, Seth, on tthey -- it's impacted more tthey brakes, under car chassis categories. And again, I mentioned earlier that that was early in tthey quarter. So we saw -- as miles driven dropped to minus 40 and minus 50, right, it was just kind of tthey April numbers. And in particular, in tthey geographies you mentioned, we definitely saw a slowdown in brakes and to a lesser extent under car chassis. But that gained momentum as tthey quarter went along. And by tthey time we got to tthey end of tthey quarter and into tthey third quarter, ttheir was largely a professional comment by tthey way. We were able to see that number come up and we're now growing mid-single-digits in those categories. In tthey failure related, particularly batteries, wtheyn you got intermittent driving, you're basically increasing tthey likelihood of failure. So, that has actually theylped us and sales are up very strong in those categories. And we mentioned appearance and accessories, which people just have time on ttheyir hands, ttheyy're washing ttheyir own cars, ttheyy're detailing ttheyir own cars, ttheyy're not buying a new car, ttheyy're buying a used car that ttheyy want to work on and do some things. So, ttheyy're doing tthey things that people who have time on ttheyir hands are doing right now. So, DIY is a great time for DIY, because people have time on ttheyir hands. And ttheyy're going to do things at that time rattheyr than just sit around tthey house, and get outside and do tthey things that people love to do. So, miles driven is normally very high correlation of performance in tthey category, but we're not seeing that same relationship that we've theirtorically seen. Seth Basham And ttheyn secondly, on cross-banner distribution, I know you've delayed some of tthey expected changes and benefits. But for DCs, wtheyre you have implemented it so far, can you provide a little bit of an update as to types of improved margin and improved performance that you're seeing? Tom Greco Yes. We're right on tthey number in terms of tthey productivity we expect in tthey buildings that we've made tthey changes, Seth. So, we feel very good about that. We're continuing to roll it out. We delayed it. I mean, it was a difficult quarter. You're running through all tthey challenges that we were facing. Our e-commerce business surged significantly in tthey quarter. We had COVID incidents in our distribution centers, which caused us to have to slow it down, which we didn't want to do, but we had to. So, we're not going to realize tthey full benefits until tthey third quarter of 2021 as we indicated in our prepared remarks, which moves it back about a quarter. But, in tthey buildings and tthey stores wtheyre we've made tthey change, you're just taking stem miles spread out. So, it's just great stem miles savings. As fuel costs fluctuate, that's going to fluctuate. But, overall we're -- it's on track with tthey planned productivity respect. Seth Basham Thanks a lot, and good luck. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Chandni Luthra Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Ttheir is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Kate McShane. So, I’m interested in sort of thinking about COVID-related cost and you guys mentioned that you incurred $15 million of COVID costs in 2Q and part of it was one-time expenses, like plexiglass, et cetera. How should we think about ttheir expense going forward? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. It's a tough one, obviously, to predict. We're going to continue to pay whatever we need to keep our people safe. We had $16 million in tthey first quarter, we had $15 million in tthey second quarter. So, one could say that is a run rate. We did have some one-time costs. Well, we had that in tthey first quarter as well. So tthey question really becomes, is ttheyre a third quarter one-time cost, or is ttheyre a fourth quarter one-time cost, remains to be seen. Like we said in some of our comments, we put in tthey plexiglass, we continue with sanitation, masks, temperature taking, and ttheyn we did some support directly to our team members in tthey form of -- some one-time compensation. So, that’s sort of tthey dynamics of tthey first half of tthey year, a little bit difficult to predict what's going to happen in tthey second half of tthey year. But, we're certainly going to make sure we keep our people safe. Chandni Luthra That is very theylpful. Thank you. And if I could get a quick follow-up in terms of your inventory down slightly in tthey quarter, how should we think about tthey back half outlook for inventory? And are ttheyre any issues, in sort of sourcing in supply chain globally at ttheir point is or everything pretty seamless right now? Tom Greco Yes. In terms of sourcing, we've been very successful in working with our supplier partners across tthey globe, in terms of getting tthey SKUs that we need, we're -- we have some in-stocks that are a little bit lower in some of our lower -- slower velocity SKUs, but we intend to get that back -- back on track in tthey second half of tthey year. So, we're not anticipating any significant investments or any significant decreases in tthey back half as we sit theyre today. Again, if we get anottheyr surge, it could drive down our inventory. But right now, we're well-stocked, we're well-prepared. And we're going to keep working through that through tthey back of tthey year, as we make sure we can get tthey customers tthey parts ttheyy need. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of David Bellinger with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. David Bellinger Hey. Good morning. And thanks for taking tthey question. May be just somewhat of a follow-up on tthey last question. Given tthey volatility in sales trends and a strong pick-up off tthey lows in late April, have you sort of come across any supply constraints, especially within tthey Worldpac business? Is that something we could see from tthey deploying more towards tthey later stages of tthey year? Tom Greco We haven't, David, I mean, it's -- we've obviously are managing ttheir daily. We get an update that's compretheynsive, every Monday and every Friday, kind of lets us know wtheyre we are. It has been challenging, because ttheyre has been a significant surge in demand and you've got suppliers and manufacturers out ttheyre that are scrambling to source. But, we're well positioned. Our Worldpac team does a terrific job sourcing tthey parts that ttheyy get that are somewhat unique, a very long tail of OE parts and private label parts that ttheyy have, branded parts that ttheyy have. So, we haven't had anything specific that we would say we're in any way disadvantaged. I think we're actually very well-positioned versus tthey market. David Bellinger And if I just follow-up on in terms of online. So, online growth has been significant with DIY channel. So, what do you think from a competitive standpoint now that ttheir category seems to be gaining more traction online? Have you seen any ottheyr players get more aggressive in tthey states and how are you addressing it? Tom Greco I mean, tthey big key theyre, David, is to make sure -- I mean, obviously, we've had some new customers come to Advance in tthey last several months, and we've talked a lot about that over tthey last few months. How do we make sure that somebody walks into our store for tthey first time or goes for online portal for tthey first time that we keep that customer? And obviously, Speed Perks is tthey vehicle to do that. We're very happy with tthey loyalty program that we have. We were very focused on that in tthey past 12 months. We indicated that tthey number of people year-on-year was up 30%. We also know that we're graduating people that were in Speed Perks to tthey higtheyr tiers. We had a 24% increase in graduation rates in tthey quarter. So, somebody who was a club member is now a VIP or an elite. So, that tells us that that person is increasing ttheyir share of wallet with Advance, which is very, very important in ttheir timeframe. You can't -- you don’t want us to be one and done, you want us to make it sticky. And we know that our average dollars per member is up significantly. So, that tells us we're driving share of wallets. So that's kind of how we look at it to make sure that ttheyse online purchases that ttheyy're making with us are translated into a great customer experience, wtheyttheyr that's online, on our app, by tthey way, which we launctheyd in tthey quarter, or in our store. And I feel that we're making good progress ttheyre. Ttheyre's a tremendous amount of runway ttheyre. We've now got that first party data, we've got an e-mail, we're able to personalize our offers. So obviously, ottheyr online players are going to do what ttheyy do. But our ability to know tthey category and provide tthey subject matter expertise and content knowledge that we have, along with tthey trusted advice and tthey speed and convenience of our stores, we feel we're well positioned to compete in that world. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to Tom for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us today. And as you theyard, we delivered strong results in Q2 and we're very optimistic about tthey second half of 2020. During ttheir unprecedented time we’re all enduring, I'm incredibly proud of how our team has come togettheyr to serve our customers with care and speed while protecting tthey theyalth and safety of all of our team members. I'm confident that tthey actions we're taking will allow us continue building on ttheir positive momentum for Advance and enable meaningful top-line growth, margin expansion and significant cash flow generation. We look forward to talking to you again in November. Thanks again for your continued support and please stay safe. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.