Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2020 7:40 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan Michael Lasser - UBS Scott Suzuki - Bank of America Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Michael Baker - DA Davidson Bret Jordan - Jefferies Chris Bottiglieri - Exane BNP Paribas Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Disclaimer: *NEW* We are providing ttheir transcript version in a raw, machine-assisted format and it is unaudited. Please reference tthey audio for any questions on tthey content. A standard transcript will be available later on tthey site per our normal procedure. Please enjoy ttheir timely version in tthey interim. Operator [00:00:03] Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts third quarter 2020 conference call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, senior vice president, communications and investor relations make a brief statement concerning forward looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call for. Elisabeth Eisleben [00:00:19] Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2020 results, I'm joined by Tom Grecco, our president and chief executive officer, and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, executive vice president and chief financial officer, following ttheyir prepared remarks. We will turn our attention to answering your question. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward looking statements, all statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical fact, of forward looking statements including but not limited to statements regarding our initiative plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward looking statements, additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ and be found under tthey caption forward looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on form 10K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco [00:01:21] Good morning, everyone, and allow me to start by thanking each of our advance team members and Carquest independent partners for ttheyir tireless efforts to delight in serve our customers. Our entire team faced challenges every single week throughout theirtory, and I'm reminded daily that our role in supporting essential workers has never been more important to our success. We've been operating with three overarching priorities during tthey covid-19 pandemic. First priority is tthey theyalth, safety and well-being of our team members and customers that can preserve cash and protect tthey PNL during tthey crisis, and third, prepare to be even stronger following tthey crisis. We will progress on each of ttheyse objectives in tthey quarter, our dedicated leadership team remains focused on tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers regularly, calfskin safety protocols and updating our playbooks for tthey pandemic. Ttheir includes theyalth ctheycks for all team members, Institute and Company 123. We also provided Cooling Cybersmart in tthey summer to address theyat concerns while ensuring our team members had ttheir protection. Our communications team keeps tthey visibility high in tthey virtual town halls and regular video updates to ensure team member engagement. We're also benchmarking and working collaboratively with industry and professional organizations to continuously improve our response to ttheir rapidly changing environment. Bottom line, we remain vigilant to protect our team members and to ensure that our customers have a safe and positive experience in our stores. Turning to Q3 results, our net sales grew nine point nine percent to two and a half dollars billion compared to tthey prior year, and we delivered comparable sales growth of ten point two percent. [00:03:24] Ttheir is our strongest quarterly performance in 15 years, adjusted operating income increased by approximately 33 percent to 272 dollars million, and our adjusted operating income margin rate increased 183 basis points to ten point seven percent. And you'll theyar from Jeff, we also strengttheyned our cash and liquidity position throughout tthey quarter, highlighted by our quarterly free cash flow improvement of 95 percent. Recently, we found positive comp sales across every region with tthey Gulf Coast, central and souttheyast posting strong double digit comp. Our norttheyast and mid-Atlantic and West regions will still consider tthey mid to high single digits, we're below our overall growth in tthey quarter. As we noted in Q2, ttheyre remains a wide gap between tthey higtheyst and lowest performing regions, although ttheir narrowed in Q3 to approximately 900 basis points on average between tthey six regions I just mentioned. Tthey good news is that tthey Norttheyast, which is our largest region and tthey most improvement of any region in tthey quarter versus Q2, as we examine in tthey broader parts industry and total retail data tthey performance of ttheyse lower growth geographies and been more impacted by covid-19 and is consistent with our internal results. On a category basis, we saw some strength in batteries, as well as continued growth in appearance, and after that began to ttheyn stay at home, orders were implemented. Well, ttheyre are many puts and takes in Q3, we believe tthey net benefit for tthey industry was driven by three primary external demand drivers. [00:05:14] First, ttheyre are economic drivers theyre in tthey uncertainty of tthey macroeconomic climate and increased unemployment. Ttheyre have been fewer new vehicle sales and more used vehicle sales. Ttheir resulted in agency, which is good for both DIY and ultimately pro. Secondly, ttheyre's climate related factors, as we've discussed before, we believe consumers have an understandable fear of using mass transportation, creating a theyightened emphasis and reliance on personal vehicle. In some cases, people are working from home and have time on ttheyir hands to do ttheyir own DIY maintenance and repairs. Finally, it's our belief that wtheyn motorists have a DIY needs in ttheir environment. Ttheyy prefer to shop in smaller boxes in our stores so ttheyy can feel safe that tthey customer base ttheyy need and get back on tthey road quickly so ttheyy can do tthey job well. Of course, some of tthey benefit from tthey external factors is offset by tthey reduction in miles driven, which is an important demand driver for our industry. Wtheyn ttheir begins to recover, we expect it will provide a tailwind for tthey industry. We believe tthey majority of our accelerated top line growth in tthey quarter, and in particular tthey strong desire to live performance is due to ttheyse external factors. Our industry has theirtorically performed well during challenging economic times, considering prior periods wtheyn tthey economy was challenged, tthey is generally an early beneficiary born relatively quickly by full recovery. [00:06:50] Looking more closely at our business, we deliver mid single digit net sales growth in Q3 following tthey decline in Q2 due to tthey temporary closure of garages across North America. In Q3, a machine learning platform, dynamic assortment enabled us to have tthey right part in tthey right place and improve availability. Ttheir enabled both assortment and close brain improvements as lookouts and demand surged. We also deployed new customer delivery software for Woolpack Advance and Carquest, which includes real time updates and notifications for all users. In addition, our customers were very appreciative of tthey continued interactive virtual classroom training we provided through our technical institute. Ttheir included tthey ability for customers to extend tthey training content to all technicians within ttheyir repair shops. On immunologic pipeline, we continue to enhance our technical service bulletin and also deploy ttheir valuable tool in Carquest, Canada. Ttheyse tools, in addition to our sustained focus on improving tthey overall experience for customers, enable us to furttheyr grow our customer base during Q3 as we crossed tthey 12000 customer. In addition, our Carquest independent team had anottheyr strong quarter and ttheyre's now converted 36 new stores to tthey current first family theyre today. Once again, we know ttheir has been a difficult time for professional staff, and we believe tthey work we've done to be ttheyre for professional customers wtheyn ttheyy need us most has set us apart. Moving on to DIY Omni channel, we delivered anottheyr quarter of double digit net sales growth in Q3. [00:08:44] Ttheyse results were driven by tthey external drivers discussed earlier, coupled with our EROI growth initiatives. Our growth initiatives are primarily focused on increasing share of all with existing dollars while attracting new DIY customers. Based on tthey syndicated data available to us, we drove meaningful share gains throughout tthey quarter. Our Janaway initiatives start with Diehard. Well, we believe hard is benefiting our performance in all channels. We can clearly see improvements in our DIY share behind our launch. In October, we introduced our die hard Asia-Pac campaign. Ttheir advertising launch with a two minute film on October 18 during tthey Fox NFL game of tthey week. Ttheir integrated campaign featuring Bruce Willis has already generated over two billion impressions and more than 100 earned media placement. We believe our marketing plans will drive continued support during tthey winter months wtheyn batteries fail and customers need a reliable solution. We think we have significant room to grow dark in tthey battery segment. Secondly, we continue to focus on building awareness for tthey advance plan to attract new customers and drive traffic. In addition to leveraging more effective advertising, including Die Hard, we're strengttheyning our digital engagement with tthey IRS wtheyn ttheyy visit our Web site or download our. E3 highlights include tthey continued growth of our dancing date, suite of services and strong momentum and consumer response to tthey launch of our mobile app earlier ttheir year. Ttheyse and ottheyr initiatives, theyalth prices from double digit sales, growth in e-commerce for tthey quarter. [00:10:36] Third, we continue to see year over year growth and active speed numbers since tthey rollout of our new program in tthey summer of 2019. Importantly, we're seeing a steady increase in members graduating to tthey elite and VIP levels. Our graduation rates improved by more than 20 percent year over year, reflecting an important share of law gains. But OIBDA lawyers, we're leveraging first party data gattheyred through ttheir program to deliver a personalized experience for our customers. Finally, we remain focused on execution across tthey board. We did an excellent job with tthey die hard launch overall and saw year over year net promoter score improvement across all channels. In summary, our top line performed well in tthey third quarter, driven by tthey factors just discussed. So far in Q4, in tthey first four weeks, comp sales remained positive across all channels in tthey mid single digit range. As a reminder, Q4 tends to be our most volatile quarter each year, primarily due to fluctuations in weattheyr. In addition, we remain sensitive to potential volatility from ottheyr external factors in tthey current environment, particularly those related to tthey future, sped up covid and tthey possibility of theyightened home orders in tthey near term. Much more within our control is tthey execution of our four colors of margin expansion, as we demonstrated in Q3. Starting with our first caller, our top line growth during Q3 contributed towards salesperson Furman versus tthey previous year. Additionally, on a rate basis, our estimate for storm improved year over year. [00:12:23] We're managing our panel with greater effectiveness as a result of my sctheyduling tool. Our team continues to plan payroll conservatively in tthey current environment, balancing customer service and cost very close to. In terms of supply chain, we're making progress with our cross-channel replenishment or CPR initiative. He completed nearly one third of our original plan was to redirect stores to a more logical distribution center and reduce 10 miles across our network. We're already beginning to see savings from tthey stores that have been completed as a result of reduced miles. We're on track to complete approximately 40 percent of our identified stores by tthey end of tthey year with completion and full run rate expected to be realized by Q4 2021. Unfortunately, our team has found furttheyr opportunities for improvement than initialing model, which includes additional stores that can be included following tthey completion of tthey first phase. In addition to KBA, a single warehouse management system implementation, or W.M., is also well underway after a temporary pause due to tthey pandemic. Our team mobilized to adjust our plans, which now includes virtual implementation capabilities. We're installing tthey new dummy on masse, starting with our 11 largest DCE, of which we expect four to be completed ttheir year. Based on what we know today, we expect to finish tthey entire WME implementation by tthey end of 2022. With that said, we all realize savings as each additional DST is completed. In terms of category management, they made progress in Q3 on own brand expansion. [00:14:14] We expect to finish 2020 with a significant increase in own brand skills and to furttheyr enhance our stomachs next year. Our margin rate on own branctheys is meaningfully higtheyr than comparable applications in ttheyir respective categories. Ttheir will enable furttheyr growth in margin made in tthey years to come. Definitely our new strategic pricing tool is beginning to enable both profit dollar and margin rate improvement through pricing initiatives rolled out in tthey quarter. Finally, I see productivity continues to be a source of margin expansion. First, we made progress on tthey consolidation of Gispert back systems, which is our largest area of opportunity within us today. Estimate in Q3. Ttheir was highlighted by progress on our finance ERP implementation. In addition, we continued with tthey integration of Woolpack and all our international. We also continue to address opportunities to optimize our organizational structure, including support contracts and professional tthey. Consistent with ttheir, we made tthey decision to consolidate our field structure from two divisions to one in May, in early October, we furttheyr streamlined our field structure from 12 to eight regions. We believe that ttheyse moves enable us to serve our customers with even greater effectiveness, efficiency and flexibility. Tthey recent deal changes also enabled us to bolster certain areas in our corporate support with seasoned field operators. As an example, we frequently discuss tthey importance of diversity and inclusion, and it's inextricably linked to our business strategy. As part of that, we welcomed development, having served as our EPS of tthey Great Lakes region for tthey past four years for our leadership team as our new DC and chief inclusion and diversity officer. [00:16:11] Dean has a deep field leadership background in retail, both inside and outside of Dean and theyr leadership and enthusiasm for building a high performing diverse workforce made theyr an ideal candidate for ttheir role. Tthey second area of opportunity with tthey next is ranked. Based on tthey current environment was thoughtfully evaluating our real estate footprint, including office space. Ttheir involves negotiating with landlords for concessions on low return property and in some cases exiting tthey property altogettheyr. We've engaged a third party to theylp with ttheir and expect it may result in some short term cost theyadwinds in Q4. Specifically buying out leases that are unproductive. Well, we determined tthey building is no longer necessary. Third, we have a dedicated team reviewing existing plans we have for every single line item within us make. Ttheyy're assessing tthey productivity we had planned, prefunded and also capturing key learnings we've had during covid. Ttheir team is recommending areas of refinement and furttheyr opportunity as we move forward, for example, during problem, we limited company wide travel, which will continue for tthey balance of tthey year. Going forward, we intend to leverage virtual options and do not plan to return to freeze covid levels of travel. Anottheyr area of opportunity is furttheyr reduction in our insurance and claims expenses. Here we continue to make progress on our lost time, injury rate down theyre represents our most severe accident and was 33 percent lower than tthey prior year. [00:17:55] In addition, our sustained focus in Q3 resulted in a reduction in coalition frequency rates of 13 percent versus tthey prior year, our advanced driver program and smart driver event. Ttheyn video coaching is also being rolled out, which we believe will theylp us furttheyr reduce our collision frequency rate. In summary, we continue to believe that margin expansion is a significant opportunity for ttheym to drive total shareholder return, and we remain focused on tthey initiatives we have in place, preparing for tthey four pillars of margin expansion. Well, executing ttheyse previously establittheyyd plans were also closely monitoring tthey crime and future environment for identifying new products, every opportunity to drive total shareholder return. Before I turn it over to Jeff, I want to recognize tthey impressive results our team members and generous customers delivered in our American Heart Association campaign. Following a successful campaign last year, I could not be prouder of our team's efforts ttheir year to raise one point four million dollars, which is a 38 percent increase compared to last year, we delivered ttheir record setting campaign well, providing exceptional customer service and remaining relentless on tthey execution of our long term plan. In closing, our third quarter results were anottheyr step in tthey right direction, despite uncertainty that remains in tthey current environment. We remain focused on executing our long term strategy. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:19:34] Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I want to reiterate, thanks to our team members for ttheyir dedication and hard work, not only ttheir past quarter, but since tthey pandemic began. We have been extremely diligent in ensuring safety measures are in place throughout tthey enterprise. At tthey same time, party members have risen to tthey challenge, tthey patterns of print we released today would not have been possible without tthey. In Q3, our adjusted gross profit was approximately one point one dollars billion. Ttheir was an increase of 11 percent compared to Q3 of tthey prior year. Adjusted gross profit margin rate improved 50 basis points year over year to forty four point four percent, driven by favorable pricing actions and supply chain efficiencies. Ttheyse improvements, coupled with channel mix, were slightly offset by unfavorable product mix and theyadwinds associated with Frank and effective. It's also important to note that what we experienced problems associated with YPO, ttheyse tailwinds were offset by capsulized supply chain costs, resulting in no net impact from tthey inventory related costs and benefits both in tthey quarter and compared to tthey prior year. Our adjusted estimate was approximately eight hundred fifty seven dollars million in Q3, an increase of five point eight percent compared to Q3 of 2019. Just as you say, tthey percent of net sales improved by 133 basis points compared to tthey prior year, primarily driven by improved payroll and regulatory reduction in travel and our continued focus on safety, leading to a reduction in insurance claims. [00:21:20] Tthey comment mentioned. He's crossing tthey partially offset by an increase in support contract related to our transformation initiatives. In addition, a cooling expenses for tthey quarter wtheyre approximately nine dollars million. Tthey majority of ttheyse expenses are related to ongoing costs, such as cleaning supplies was a mess and enhanced state benefits during tthey pandemic. We expect to incur ttheyse costs for tthey foreseeable future. Adjusted operating income stream with 217 dollars million, which improved thirty two point six percent compared to tthey prior year quarter. A only marginally improved 183 basis points to ten point seven percent in tthey quarter. Adjusted, deluded EPS with two dollars and eighty one cent, an increase of 34 percent. You're today free cash flow with six hundred sixteen point six dollars million, compared to five hundred thirty nine point three dollars million during tthey same period in 2019, driven by strong topline results, improve working capital and a deferral of federal payroll tax. In Q3, our capital expenditures were fifty two point five dollars million, which was a decrease of five point three dollars million compared to tthey prior year. In line with our financial priorities during tthey quarter, we completed tthey early redemption of our 2022 notes intended approximately 57 percent of our 2020 freenode, both of which carry a 4.5 percent supinely. [00:22:57] Ttheir was completed using both cash on hand, as well as proceeds from tthey three hundred fifty million dollar one point seventy five percent note issued during tthey quarter. Our disciplined approach to managing our balance ttheyyet, but allowed us to take advantage of tthey current low interest rate environment, resulting in a stronger debt maturity profile and improved leverage ratio. We our financing initiatives to furttheyr safeguard tthey business for tthey future. Our disciplined approach to managing staff resulted in an 80 ratio of eighty point eight percent, which is tthey higtheyst we've achieved since tthey GAAP acquisition. We remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash from tthey business and to opportunistically return cash to shareholders. As we discussed last quarter, we lifted tthey temporary suspension of our share repurchase program during tthey quarter, we repurchased nearly one hundred and ten dollars million advance stock at an average price of approximately one hundred and fifty three dollars per share. Ttheir, combined with tthey continued payment of tthey trust fund or tthey cash dividend per share approved by our board, furttheyr demonstrates our confidence in tthey long term strength of our business. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey impact of covid-19 in tthey current economic situation, we will not be providing guidance for tthey balance of tthey year. [00:24:24] Traditionally, Q4 has been our most volatile quarter, with weattheyr having a meaningful impact on results. In addition, ttheyre are a couple of factors impacting Aschiana to consider in Q4. First, we have known incremental costs compared to tthey prior year, related to October 9th and expensive. Secondly, as Tom mentioned, ttheyre will be costs associated with buying a unproductively. Third, we are investing in tthey diverters back marketing campaign. We also want to remind you that our fourth quarter ttheir year include tthey second third week, with tthey exception of comparable store sales, encourage you to include tthey impact of ttheyse factors in your modeling. Finally, we are updating our strategic business plan, informed by our best estimates and assumptions of tthey environment. Our plan is to finalize ttheir in early 2021 and provide you with an update after our Q4 earnings release. We expect to finalize tthey date in tthey near future and look forward to sharing additional details with you. In conclusion, we are pleased with tthey results of tthey quarter and believe that we have positioned ourselves positively for tthey remainder of 2020. We know that we cannot predict what ttheir winter will bring, but we remain committed to top line growth, margin expansion in managing our liquidity. But that is also tthey call to address your question of. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [00:25:53] At ttheir time, if you would like to ask a question, please, press star, ttheyn tthey number one on your telephone keypad, again, that is stars and tthey number one. In your first question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Simeon Gutman [00:26:07] Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I realize you're not, you know, ready to talk about guidance going forward or 21. Can you talk about tthey transformation overall? And you said that you've restarted some elements of tthey supply chain overhaul. Can you can we get to, I guess, operating margin expansion that a little bit higtheyr than what we saw ttheir quarter or not higtheyr. Sorry. In a, you know, 50 to 75 basis point range going forward in more of a normalized environment or have some of tthey elements of tthey supply chain being delayed ttheir year will cause those to be prolonged. Tom Greco [00:26:50] Hey, good morning, Simeon. Definitely has taken a lot of time over tthey last couple of months to look forward and really understand what we think is going to happen over tthey next several years and put all of our initiatives through what we call ttheym, both covid lands. And ttheyy are very excited about tthey TSR opportunity. And for sure, tthey expansion of margins is a big part of that. [00:27:15] And as we've said consistently, we do believe we can expand at a greater rate than we certainly did last year. So that's tthey plan. You know, we're going to continue to drive tthey key areas of margin expansion that we've spoken about, sales and profit per store. Tthey supply chain initiatives are key driving and category management initiatives. And ttheyn and ttheyn furttheyr opportunities within been. And that combined with, you know, continued top line growth will drive some strong cash flow for tthey company and be able to return excess cash to shareholders. So tthey plan is continuing on and we look forward to executing against it next year. Simeon Gutman [00:27:56] So I have to follow up to that, Tom. I think Jeff mentioned some marketing accelerated in tthey fourth quarter, just spending on die hard cause you to slow some of that expansion to invest a little bit faster in marketing in tthey near term. And ttheyn you said using cash, it seems like, you know, tthey cash is growing. Are you going to deploy it quicker or are you waiting to get through ttheir environment before deploying it? Tom Greco [00:28:23] Yeah, well, I'm diehard is really a comment on tthey quarter, tthey fourth quarter in terms of tthey investment behind marketing in tthey fourth quarter. As we said all year, we launctheyd Die Hard. As you know, we launctheyd it on July tthey Fourth and tthey marketing broke on October tthey 18th, three weeks ago. And you're going to see theyavy advertising on diet starting again next week. Obviously, we pulled it off Simeon for tthey election weeks. We knew that that was going to be pretty cluttered and people very obviously focused on tthey election. But starting next week, you'll see our advertising come back and we're really going to hit die hard, hard, you know, for several weeks as we theyad into tthey to tthey winter season. So Jeff can respond to tthey cash question. Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:29:11] Yeah, in terms of cash, you know, it's still at an elevated level. And, you know, we did repurchase 110 million dollars worth of our stock in tthey third quarter. And we're going to continue to be opportunistic ttheyre. You've got to be somewhat prudent in terms of tthey uncertainty of tthey environment. You know, we're pleased with what we were able to do in tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter is going to present new challenges. So, you know, we are going to try to be opportunistic in terms of repurchasing. You know, we continue with tthey dividend at twenty 25 cents a share. So we're pleased with that. And, you know, as we close off tthey balance of tthey year, we're going to, you know, maintain that trajectory. Simeon Gutman [00:29:52] Guys, thank you both. Tom Greco [00:29:54] Thank you. Operator [00:29:57] Tthey next question is from Chris Horvers of JP Morgan. Chris Horvers [00:30:02] Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I want to ask about tthey top line, you seem to be narrowing tthey gap versus your competitors. And ttheyn they also mentioned, you know, mid single digit quarter to date, which is a strong trend. Ottheyrs had talked about moderation in October as well. So they maybe diagnosed what is changing from that 10 to tthey mid single digit is it is a DIY slowing, but commercial relatively constant. And overall, is that how's that playing out regionally is tthey gap between tthey Norttheyast and tthey mid-Atlantic versus tthey ottheyr areas continuing to narrow? Tom Greco [00:30:41] Well, first of all, Chris, tthey big gap did narrow meaningfully in tthey third quarter, you know, we were around 2000 basis points in tthey second quarter and we narrowed that to 900. You know, those particular covid areas are theyavier areas for covid are much more challenged with miles driven and across broader retail. You're seeing that, you know, that those lower numbers. But we are seeing it narrow and we're excited about, you know, tthey future ttheyre. I mean, eventually that's going to come back. Tthey norttheyast mid-Atlantic regions are big for us, so we want ttheym to come back. In terms of tthey fourth quarter, we've seen a moderation. It's been really more winter related categories. It's still early. Ttheyre's lots of time left in tthey quarter. So, you know, as you know, ttheyre can be volatility in tthey fourth quarter. But overall, you know, we're pleased with our performance quarter to date and we're going to continue to execute our plan. Chris Horvers [00:31:44] Understood, and ttheyn as a follow up to that, wtheyn you talk about winter related categories, is that is that more DIY like batteries slowing atheyad of tthey winter? And is it impacting tthey commercial side of tthey business? That's more DIY. Got it understood and ttheyn, you know, Jeff, they gave us some good commentary around Aschiana for tthey fourth quarter, so any comments on gross margin factors that we should consider ttheyre? And ttheyn as you think about, you know, 2021, you know, based on all tthey initiatives, you know, holding comm, you know, constant, it would seem like, is it fair to say you would see sort of increasing margin expansion over tthey cadence of 2021? You know, clearly after an impact for tthey comparisons on tthey cold front. But just, you know, on an underlying basis. Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:32:39] Yeah, you know, a couple of things, I think for you know, for tthey first of all, as you saw in Q3, were laughing because we're laughing. We're going to continue we're going to continue to see that in tthey fourth quarter, you know, our supply chain effort. That is something that, you know, as we take off tthey some miles, we're going to continue to see those savings that'll continue into tthey fourth quarter and that will certainly continue into twenty one. You know, Overprovision. Can you give any guidance around for. But I think those are some of tthey factors that we can be looking at. And ttheyn just in terms of, you know, overall inflation, I think tthey ottheyr thing that we've been watching closely that's been relatively low certainly in tthey third quarter, and we don't have any reason to believe we're going to see any significant inflationary factors, at least in tthey fourth quarter. A little bit early to speculate on. Twenty one. Chris Horvers [00:33:33] And so just last question. Does that mean from like a life on a capitalized inventory cost perspective that should that remain at ttheir point, you think relatively neutral in 4Q? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:33:47] Yeah. Chris Horvers [00:33:47] Understood. Thanks. Best of luck. Operator [00:33:52] Your next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Lasser [00:33:57] Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question, Tom. It seems like some of your operating costs right now are a little bit higtheyr than what you had previously expected. Has seen a performance ttheir quarter, next quarter plus tthey some of tthey gross margin driving initiatives are taking a little bit longer than what you had previously thought, due in part to cool. It is tthey overall margin opportunity that you've long talked about, ttheir being equal to or not as great or even better than what you thought previously. Tom Greco [00:34:37] It's very much in line, Michael. You know, we're continuing to execute tthey initiatives that we've spoken about and as we said at tthey beginning of tthey year before and ttheir year, you know, last year and ttheir year were expected to be lower versus 2021. And we continue to expect that overall 2021 will be greater than we delivered in ttheyse two years. So ttheyre's really no change in our approach in tthey margin expansion initiatives, some of ttheym have been delayed. As you said, tthey only major ones are tthey Cross Bench Replenishment Initiative on supply chain and tthey Warehouse Management Initiative. But ottheyr than that, you know, we're continuing to execute each one of tthey initiatives that we have. Michael Lasser [00:35:21] Tthey SG&A ttheir quarter and next quarter, you should view that as a one off tthey temporary, not an indication of more longer lasting trend? Tom Greco [00:35:32] Really more ttheir quarter theyre, fourth quarter as we called out, ttheyre are some unique things in tthey quarter, an investment to launch a new brand, which we're very excited about and a very important investment to drive awareness of. Die hard to make sure that consumers know that tthey place tthey only auto parts store that you can get a diehard batteries advance or Carquest. And that's a very important message for us to land. And it's got, you know, very tthey early returns on what we're doing ttheyre are really, really strong in terms of market share. [00:36:06] We also talked about rent. Ttheyre's some onetime things with rent that we need to go do. And ttheyn covid, obviously, we're ongoing dealing with that. At some point, you know, if ttheyre's a vaccine, some of those costs will go away. But those are tthey things that we call out for tthey fourth quarter. Michael Lasser [00:36:22] And to clarify that, on your own, tthey return that you're getting from tthey diehard investors, presumably tthey slowdown that you experienced quarterly date, has largely been DIY driven, and it's also coincided with tthey time that you crunctheyd tthey new campaign. So how do you expect tthey timing and tthey impact of tthey return on ttheir investment to play out wtheyn we wtheyn you expect to see a better sales in your DIY business? Tom Greco [00:36:54] Well, we just reported very strong sales on our DIY business continues to perform well, it's just relative to tthey third quarter. Ttheyre has been a softening ttheyre. But overall, I mean, marketing investment that we're making to launch a brand that we expect to be a billion dollar brand is not a you know, you launctheyd tthey advertising on October 18th and you look for a sales increase on tthey 19th. You know, we're going to we're going to continue to invest behind ttheir brand. It's going to be a multi year platform for us. It's not just something that we want to launch in batteries. It's going to be in ottheyr categories. So we're going to continue to measure every discrete investment against die hard. But it's overall designed to drive differentiation for tthey company and ensure that people come to our stores to buy diet. So, you know, we feel very good about wtheyre it is. Tthey advertising has resonated. We've had a significant number of views, impressions, shares, you know, over time. That's going to be very powerful for us. Michael Lasser [00:37:58] Thank you very much and good luck. Operator [00:38:02] Your next question is from Scott Suzuki with Making America great, thank you. Scott Suzuki [00:38:08] I guess just continuing on tthey margin topic theyre, compared to last quarter, ttheyre was a little less Dieudonné leverage, even though tthey comp growth was higtheyr. We've theyard from some ottheyrs in tthey industry that ttheyre's a sweet spot for operating leverage and sort of tthey mid to high single digits wtheyre you can deliver sales growth comfortably without pushing tthey limits of what your associates and supply chain can manage. Have you found that to be tthey case as well, wtheyre, you know, wtheyn growth exceeds a certain level, it's harder to get that leverage? Or do you feel like stronger sales are always better? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:38:40] Well, stronger sales are always better. You know, ttheyre's certainly a sweet spot, it varies. You've got to think about tthey category mix as well. You know, in tthey end, professional sales recover. That requires more later. So it's not as simple as saying, you know, revenue is actually our leverage point, because why you really got to look closely category because, you know, we saw tthey benefit in tthey second quarter. We saw tthey benefit in tthey third quarter. You know, as professional sales continue to recover as anticipated will, that requires more labor. So, you know, that is a little bit more art than science from that standpoint. You know, some of tthey ottheyrs are more straightforward in terms of tthey leverage you get on more traditionally fixed categories such as rent. But, you know, certainly tthey higtheyr sales level to theylp us. Scott Suzuki [00:39:32] And can you break down and theylp us quantify some of tthey puts and takes theyr first margin in tthey third quarter? I mean, you mentioned pricing actions, tthey supply chain officials efficiency partially offset by tthey unfavorable product mix, wtheyre ttheyre's some ottheyr factors like developing a speed per slapping of tariffs and channel mix that you can theylp us quantify some of those specific. Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:39:54] Yeah, you've got it right, you know, pricing and supply chain both equally benefited tthey quarter in terms of price. It was a little bit of everything and we saw slight increases in sort of our price. We got a little bit of a benefit and sort of that coupons and rebates to think about tthey purchase. None of ttheym individually meaningful, wtheyre ttheyy're all going tthey right way. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr category is what we call segment to override. So just controlling tthey price that we're giving tthey customer in tthey store, we saw improvements ttheyre. So in tthey pricing category, we saw a little bit improvement across all of those categories that ttheyy gave us to tthey largest part of tthey supply chain. As you know, we've talked about in terms of, you know, getting leverage from tthey elevated sales. And in addition to that, tthey work that we're doing to drive out tthey Cemile, tthey ones we just call out, because we talked about ttheir a little bit in tthey second quarter. It was a mix in that overall was flat. But we saw improvements in our channel mix through tthey offset by our product mix. And ttheyn tthey only ottheyr one I'd call out is we did see some theyadwinds associated with strength in tthey sectors. And that's really timing. I don't expect that to be an ongoing theyadwind in tthey fourth quarter going forward. Ttheyre was a little bit of favorability that we saw last year, nothing meaningful, and we had a little bit of a theyadwind ttheir year. So, you know, wtheyn you compare tthey two, it exacerbates it a little bit. But nothing significant in terms of ongoing problems are ongoing theyadwinds that we expect to see going forward. Scott Suzuki [00:41:30] Great, thank you. Operator [00:41:34] Tthey next question is from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Greg Melich [00:41:39] I think I have two questions, one, both follow ups, I believe so if comps slowed in tthey fourth quarter, is it fair to say that it's been more on tthey DIY side than tthey do it for me, given your comments. Ottheyr words is do it for me. Sort of stayed stable. And ttheyn tthey second question is, what sort of savings do you get from EPS wtheyn WME is implemented? Tom Greco [00:42:06] Well, on Friday morning, Greg, first of all, you know, let's clarify theyre, we're talking weeks theyre in tthey fourth quarter. So, you know, you can you can see volatility in Diyala in weeks. Frequently, as you know, tthey airline tends to be more, you know, volatile business as it pertains to weattheyr and things like that. So we have seen more softening in Dubai than in pro pros, generally more consistent covid change that a little bit in tthey second quarter wtheyn things were completely shut down. But, you know, over tthey long term, you know, tthey pro business tends to be more stable. So I would attribute it far more to that than anything else. You know, I think you're going to continue to see DIY perform well about a year into tthey next year. And tthey pro business, as we begin to recover and miles driven starts to come back, you'll see tthey pro business come back in particular categories like Brace. I mean, our hardest parts business has been very solid on tthey on tthey pro side of tthey business engine management. Right. Control. You know, we're very happy with our overall performance ttheyre. So overall, you know, continued performance on pro more consistent. But, you know, dialyze is also performing well. Your second question remind me? Greg Melich [00:43:30] It's really about learning more about tthey supply chain savings. So I think you mentioned your four by tthey end of tthey year, four of 11 DCS will be converted onto WME. Yeah. So just trying to frame, you know, how much how much of that theylp on you every time you get one converted or a dollar amount or bips a margin. How do we think about. Tom Greco [00:43:52] Yeah, well, first of all, we've called on supply chain is one of tthey largest areas of margin expansion that we have. Right. So you've got a couple of territories ttheyre. You've got cross spanner, you've got warehouse management systems, you've got execution. And we're also integrating tthey world pack and auto part, international supply chain. So those four initiatives ladder up to a significant number as it pertains to margin expansion. We haven't broken out specifics on WMC, but what we get ttheyre is savings through improved processes across our system and much more rigorous slave labor management standards. You know, Robin Sloan, who theyads up our supply chain, has done a terrific job really driving that agenda. We were in one of our distribution centers yesterday. Tthey performance is improving. We've leveraged it again in tthey most recent quarter. We're going to leverage again next year and tthey year after. So we're excited about those supply chain initiatives ttheyy build over time. And you're going to start to see tthey benefit of that as we get into 21 and 22 in a full year basis. Greg Melich [00:45:01] Got it, and so wtheyn you said one third along tthey way on that, that was talking about tthey four initiatives togettheyr, some a little atheyad, some a little behind, is that a fair way to think of it as a one third was related to Banner? Tom Greco [00:45:16] So that's a separate initiative was just that just really pointing stores at a different state. And that one, you know, we're counting tthey savings now. I mean, we're starting to see savings real. Yeah. And we'll finish that job in tthey third quarter of next year. So we'll be getting tthey full benefit of that, Greg, in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Greg Melich [00:45:38] Got it. All right, thanks a lot and good luck. Operator [00:45:43] Your next question is from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Seth Sigman [00:45:47] Hey, guys, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. You mentioned some regional differences. I'm curious, has that been more pronounced on eittheyr tthey DIY or pro side and ttheyn just focusing in theyre on tthey pro, you know, realized market share is more difficult to see. But if you could just update us on tthey progress in terms of gaining share of wallet with your customers and any sort of wins on tthey new customer front, I guess how crosstown or ottheyr initiatives may actually be theylping from an execution perspective. Tom Greco [00:46:16] Yeah, well, first of all, we've got a pretty concentrated business on pro in tthey Norttheyast, right? I mean, it's not just advance concentrated with our Carquest business, our Woolpack business, our auto part, international business. [00:46:31] So, you know, as tthey early stages of tthey Norttheyast reaction to coal that happened, that was a pretty significant impact and obviously represents an opportunity for us next year that has moderated. [00:46:45] As we said, we're gradually starting to see that come back. Wtheyn I phoned our professional customers, which I do frequently, I do theyar that ttheyy're starting to see tthey same thing as us, that you're starting to see things come back, certainly in places like upstate New York and rural Massachusetts. And as tthey city starts to come back and as D.C. starts to come back, you know, we'll see that. But Miles, driven benefit in terms of, you know, what we've been doing on tthey pro side, I think Bob Cushing has done a great job leading tthey big initiatives ttheyre, which is to really leverage tthey assortment of tthey enterprise. Our Dynamic Assortment initiative is rolled out pretty much across all backroom categories. Now we're seeing improvement in our assortment rate and our close rate. We're definitely seeing improvement in our TechNet business, our tech. That's really led tthey way in tthey quarter. Our strategic accounts are starting to come back. So we're seeing, you know, gradual progress on tthey pro business and we expect that to continue as we go into next year. And candidly laughs some pretty difficult time on tthey professional side of tthey House. Seth Sigman [00:47:54] Ok, that's theylpful, thank you. And ttheyn I think they spoke to more margin expansion expected in NY 21. Just curious, is that more gross margin restudy? And ttheyn just anottheyr clarification. You know, just tthey cost you talked about in tthey fourth quarter, tthey incremental Esterina. Are you able to quantify that for us? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:48:13] Yeah, on tthey fourth quarter, we haven't quantified it, but tthey combination of all those, we anticipate it's going to be meaningful, you know, that you can probably start to model. You know, we had nine million dollars in tthey third quarter. We had 15 to 16 million dollars in tthey first and second quarter. So, you know, it's going to be somewtheyre in that range wtheyn I see, you know, I don't know wtheyn tthey vaccine coming out, but, you know, we certainly don't expect a meaningful impact in tthey fourth quarter. So, you know, that's one of ttheym. You can certainly model in terms of longer term margin expansion. You know, we're going to come back in March with some more details. But what I would tell you is we expect to see margin opportunity both in gross margin and in DNA. Seth Sigman [00:48:59] Ok, thanks a lot. Operator [00:49:03] Your next question is from Scott Cicarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli [00:49:08] Good morning, guys. Scott Ceccarelli, so we've theyard ttheyre is some stress in tthey supply chain and with product availability for tthey industry. Can you clarify kind of, you know, what you guys are seeing on your own inventory availability? And if shortages have been a challenge or if you feel like you pretty much have tthey supply chain wtheyre you need at ttheir point? Tom Greco [00:49:29] Sure, Scott, ttheyre are some isolated categories that don't, you know, specify ttheym, because we've got calls with those particular suppliers coming up. But ttheyre are some isolated categories wtheyre we see that in general, we've done pretty well through ttheir thing. I mean, ah, you know, we review it every Monday, every Friday. You know, we go through, you know, with our fill rates are, you know, wtheyre we are versus, you know, each stratification is a DVD. Generally speaking, our team has done a great job managing through. And I think it's been to our advantage. And I think that's why, you know, you saw us run double digit comps in tthey quarter relative to ottheyrs. You know, I think that that that very respectable number. So, you know, we're going to continue to monitor it. But it's overall we've done pretty well managing and those isolated situations, obviously, we have to stay on top of that takes time. Scot Ciccarelli [00:50:28] And ttheyn you did mention tthey brand penetration increasing. Is that just tthey addition of die hard or is it kind of go beyond that? Thanks. Tom Greco [00:50:37] It's primarily I mean, really, if you think about it, we had a known brand in autocrat's before. So Die Hard is not a change in our in our own brand penetration, with tthey exception of tthey fact that we to sell a whole lot more than we sold a lot of crap. Now Carquest is a different story. Carquest is a great brand. It's a love brand by our professional customers, literally over, you know, two dollars billion in sales. So, you know, we're going to continue to drive that brand. And it's very, very popular with our customers. Ttheyy love it. So you'll see us continue to drive that. So look for Carquest. Scot Ciccarelli [00:51:15] Thanks, guys. Operator [00:51:21] Your next question is from Michael Baker with Davidson. Michael Baker [00:51:27] Hi, guys, so maybe ttheir is a tough one to answer, but I wanted to just ask about covid in general. And I guess tthey conundrum is wtheyre tthey question is, is it good or bad for your business understanding tthey human cost? Of course. But, you know, clearly everyone on ttheir base is coping better than ttheyy ever have yet. I think it sounds like in tthey fourth quarter, as companies start to come back a little bit more, you're seeing a slowdown in your business. So just trying to understand how you think about covid in general. And what's important about that is, I guess how you how you shop against it next year. Tom Greco [00:52:03] Well, first of all, I think on tthey professional side, which is 60 percent of our business, I believe we've got a big opportunity next year. Let's just say that, you know, clearly wtheyn a garage is shut down and wtheyn you've got people staying home, working remote, you know, that's going to have a negative a net negative impact on tthey professional business. You know, obviously, with tthey announcement of a vaccine, we don't know tthey timing or anything, you know, pertaining to how quickly we're going to get back in tthey office and back to work. But ultimately, that's going to happen. And wtheyn it does, people are going to get back in, ttheyir cars are going to commute to work. Ttheyy're going to go to wtheyre ttheyy need to go. Ttheyy're going to get back up and go to football games and ttheyy're going to restaurants and things like that. And that will be good for our business overall. [00:52:53] You know, Miles driven is a positive for ttheir industry for decades. So wtheyn you've got miles driven that are down, I think that's clearly something that has a drag on tthey business. Now, in tthey case of, you know, some of tthey larger players. I think we benefited a little bit based on our scale. You know, we've got to scale tthey supply chain. We've got an online portal. We've been able to gain share during ttheir time frame. And obviously tthey track from theyre is to hold on to those people that we picked up. And that's what we're focused on right now. And we do that for our loyalty program and through ottheyr personalization engagement. So that's how I've explained it, Scott. Michael Baker [00:53:32] Interesting, it's Mike and so you think it's as much as anything of a share gain rattheyr than tthey overall industry trends benefiting from covid one follow up on in tthey fourth quarter, you've talked about a slowing down a little bit and more in tthey norttheyast. I guess a little confused with that. Is that more because it has come back in tthey norttheyast or more because tthey Norttheyast is impacted by tthey weattheyr? Or is it a little bit of both? Tom Greco [00:54:02] Yeah, no, I spoke about tthey norttheyast recovering. I mean, ttheyre's really no regional, you know, trends that we spoke to in tthey fourth quarter. So, you know, probably overall. Yeah. Michael Baker [00:54:15] Ok, thanks for that clarification. That's theylpful. Appreciate that. Tom Greco [00:54:19] But just to make sure, Mike, I think I think your point is right. You know, ttheyy're digging tthey share gains that we've experienced. I would say tthey larger players have not necessarily reflected tthey overall industry. If you look at tthey industry numbers, tthey industry is not calling for tthey business to be up ttheir year overall. I mean, it's calling for it to be slightly down. So, you know, I do think tthey scale players benefited during ttheir, but I'm not sure tthey auto part aftermarket was an overall beneficiary. Like ottheyr sectors. Michael Baker [00:54:53] Ok, I appreciate those comments. Thank you. Operator [00:54:58] Your next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan [00:55:02] Hey, good morning, guys. Right, we're talking about sort of evaluating tthey real estate footprint and everything to be CNN expense on lease terminations in tthey fourth quarter, how many stores are you looking at as far as closure is going, I guess, into tthey end of ttheir year and beginning of next year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [00:55:21] You know, first of all, we we're looking at our entire profile of real estate, so it's not necessarily stores. We're also looking at some of our back office. We field offices throughout tthey country. So we're really looking at tthey entire real estate portfolio of tthey CSI corporate support. We're looking at that. We are looking at a number of stores. We haven't broken that out, obviously impacts our team members. So, you know, we haven't given any more specificity around that. But we're really just looking across that portfolio and anything that's underperforming that, again, doesn't have to be a score. We're just looking at that entire portfolio to say, OK, do we really need ttheir? You know, one of tthey things that we've learned during ttheir pandemic is tthey amount of corporate real estate you needed prior to code. It is much different in a corporate environment. We can work remotely. And so, as Tom had mentioned, you know, putting everything through a post code and wtheyn that's what we're doing with our real estate. Bret Jordan [00:56:28] Ok, anottheyr question on Die Hard, I guess, can you give us more, I guess, granularity as far as tthey share gain you've seen since tthey launch in July and ttheyn maybe tthey product extensions as you leave some of tthey spending around tthey brand? You know, what's tthey timing that we should expect as far as seeing incremental product available under that label? Tom Greco [00:56:49] Well, first of all, on tthey on tthey share gains, we've had something like 30 consecutive weeks theyre now of overall share gains inside of DIY omni channel, which is, you know, wtheyre we can see right through tthey syndicated data. It definitely accelerated beyond tthey launch of Diyab. We're not going to break it out specifically. But, you know, we can see tthey absolute market share and tthey year over year share gain behind tthey launch. Obviously, we can't see anything from, you know, tthey most recent period. So we're not clear on tthey benefit on tthey advertising yet. But, you know, we'll see that at some point. We'll continue to iterate. But ttheir is a it's a terrific brand. Our organization is so excited about it. I think we you know, our field team and tthey entire merchants supply chain, you're talking about a change that was close to a million stores, new combinations that, you know, we executed flawlessly theyading into tthey July 4th weekend on July Fourth. We were in distribution everywtheyre and we were able to drive that over tthey last several months and into tthey October 18th launch of tthey advertising, which all hit exactly wtheyn we expected it to in terms of extensions. Right now, we're focused on batteries, very focused on driving market share and batteries, battery accessories. You know, we have ideas around ottheyr things that we can do ttheyre, but we want to do tthey job really well on batteries for a period of time and more to come on extension's. Bret Jordan [00:58:24] Ok, and I guess to that question, you commented on building out your own brand exposure, could you talk about sort of wtheyre you are, wtheyre you think you can get as a percentage of your revenues coming from online brand? Tom Greco [00:58:37] Yeah, it's a pretty big number, you know, obviously, we've got we've got a couple thousand schools out ttheyre now that have been launctheyd in tthey last year and we have a plan to increase that substantially over tthey next three years. So, you know, that's really tthey plan. And it's gradual. I mean, you're talking about, you know, exiting certain products and certain categories and transitioning ttheym through tthey supply chain. So once we do that, you know, we'll see tthey full benefit of ttheir. But, you know, early, early performance in terms of wtheyn we get tthey Carquest SKU in ttheyre, it's often at a more attractive price. It's at a higtheyr margin. Our customers are choosing that brand and ttheyy like that brand. As I said earlier, our professional customers are very comfortable with tthey Carquest brand. We've had a strong break program for a number of years and it's just a matter of extending that into some ottheyr categories. Michael Baker [00:59:35] Ok, thank you. Operator [00:59:39] Your next question is from Chris Bottiglieri with Exane BNP Paribas. Chris Bottiglieri [00:59:45] I think tthey question is, I guess tthey first question I have is an obviously very good overall rate improvement, but it's of a sense for tthey you know, I per square foot or like what we like some of tthey discrete items that drove tthey, you know, six, six percent or so increase. Was it just flavor matching up with a higtheyr sales productivity? Was it was ttheyre just diehard is more of a Q4 event, but ttheyy're like diehard startup cost. Anything you can frame for us on tthey street items that you know and do discrete items continue into Q4 and into sort of 2021? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [01:00:23] Yeah, you actually got it right. It's really payroll in terms of tthey dollar investment that we had, you know, just given in terms of, you know, some of tthey professional payroll dollars and just getting some of tthey needed payroll back into tthey stores. You know, we were running very thin in tthey second quarter and it just wasn't going to be sustainable for some of our payroll that was needed to get back in ttheyre to do tthey normal cleaning, you know, forgetfulness back into tthey normal cleaning and restocking and everything else you need to do in tthey store. So it was primarily table. Chris Bottiglieri [01:01:00] Yes, and tthey Diehard ttheyme is really cool. What's they like wtheyn you think about that? You mentioned earlier it took years, not months, but like typically for ttheir type of ttheir type of marketing campaign, what's tthey payback period that you would expect to realize that some of ttheir type? Are we talking months, quarters, weeks? Like, you know, what's typically tthey sales cadence of, you know, a big launch like ttheir and that you see theirtorically, you know, nothing of tthey scale, obviously, but any kind of way you could claim would be theylpful. Thank you. Tom Greco [01:01:30] Sure. I mean, first of all, we will measure tthey performance of each discrete element of tthey campaign and measure that against our cost per incremental dollar metrics that we have. And our marketing investment ttheir year have proven to be very effective in that regard and much better than our theirtorical rates. So we will continue to measure that. And wtheyn we obviously have tthey enough time to measure tthey performance against ttheir particular advertising, we'll look at that very clearly. Tthey reference to years is, you know, we're talking about, you know, building a brand that's over a billion dollars so that that takes, you know, a sustained investment over time. We're not talking about year on year increases necessarily in marketing in 2021 and 22, we're talking about, you know, a quarterly increase in tthey fourth quarter to get tthey brand launctheyd and being smart about how we spend our marketing dollars next year. So overall, you know, tthey profile of ttheir is to create differentiation for our brand, to drive traffic to our stores, you know, to really make sure that people know that we're a destination for diehard batteries and that requires an investment in a sustained investment. Chris Bottiglieri [01:02:47] Well, just one final verification question, tthey big picture for Die Hard is essentially that you're going to have to replace your old brain with tthey autograph or whatever it's called. So, like for every student, ttheyre was a lot of tthey autocrat's brand. You're going to have a die hard sgu now and ttheyn. Do you foresee like higtheyr pricing power but die hard like for tthey same SKU? Would you charge more for die hard of ttheyse at tthey same price? Is it more like a traffic players are also hard to play. Tom Greco [01:03:16] It's really both, you know, I mean, we're looking very carefully at that, and I've already taken some actions to strengttheyn tthey margin profile of our batteries already. So ttheyre's a couple of things that we're doing ttheyre that we're pretty excited about that can drive margin and already have. So you're going to continue to see to see not only top line benefit, but gross margin benefit ttheyir. Chris Bottiglieri [01:03:40] Ok, great. That's tthey question. Operator [01:03:44] Your next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush. Seth Basham [01:03:51] Thanks a lot. And good morning. My first question is just diving a little bit deeper into punishment. We are just seeing some damage to gross margin from that now on a net basis as we look forward. Should we be thinking about that net benefit growing as you convert more transparent management? Tom Greco [01:04:10] Absolutely. You know, obviously, tthey more stores you have, tthey better it is tthey good things. That's what ttheir is. We were able to identify new buildings. Now that can potentially accommodate some of ttheyse changes based on capacity moves and some of tthey additional analysis we've done. So we've got tthey initial savings that we modeled, you know, pretty confident we'll be able to put that in in tthey bank by tthey end of tthey third quarter, as we said earlier. And now ttheyre's some additional stores that we're going to add beyond that. But, you know, every time we, you know, convert a store, we take miles out. And it was literally tthey plan is for millions of miles to come out of tthey system. And that obviously saves you on a rate basis per mile. Seth Basham [01:05:00] That's theylpful. And ttheyn secondly, thinking about your store portfolio, you guys are reevaluating, likely to negotiate and rent for stores well on tthey real estate next quarter. But if we think about tthey portfolio at large, do you think ttheyre's going to be material reduction in tthey number of stores are operating or are you just saying tthey base to resume growth, that we're not anticipating a material reduction? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [01:05:23] We you know, we closed about 50 stores in tthey first half of tthey year. You know, in tthey third quarter was a handful, 10 or 12. We've taken out most of our nearly all of our structural issues in terms of stores, you know, stores across tthey street from each ottheyr less than a mile apart, just in tthey wrong geographic location within a market. That's what we've been doing tthey last several years. And so, you know, again, tthey real estate is a much broader initiative. We do have some stores that we've recently closed that are closed, but we're still paying tthey rent. We call those stores and we're getting out of those. And really what that does is it sets us up for 21. And, you know, once you start paying that right, it's an immediate benefit. And so we're looking at that. We're looking at tthey field offices. We're looking at our corporate locations and just making sure we have tthey correct footprint. So I don't anticipate ttheir to have a meaningful impact on our stores. We're always going to be closing a few stores theyre and ttheyre, but we're done with that. And we're going to be looking strategically at stores that we can start to open so that that's part of tthey plan going forward into 21. Seth Basham [01:06:37] Understood. Just to put some numbers around it, Jeff, I know you're not providing guidance for that year to maintain its budget comps. Would you expect to still, you know, to leverage estudiantes buy some of ttheyse theyadwinds associated with tthey advertising as well as tthey least buyouts? Jeff Stheyptheyrd [01:06:53] You talking specifically in tthey fourth quarter? Seth Basham [01:06:55] Yes. Jeff Stheyptheyrd [01:06:59] Yeah, I think we could. Seth Basham [01:07:01] Excellent. Thank you very much. Operator [01:07:06] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco [01:07:13] Well, thanks to everyone for joining us, as you've theyard today, we continue to improve execution across advance, and we're proud of how our team has responded throughout ttheir unprecedented time. We believe tthey next few months for our country will continue to have its challenges. But we're confident that we're taking tthey necessary steps for tthey theyalth, safety and well-being of our team members and customers who are theylping to make a happy, even stronger. Before we conclude tthey call, I want to take a moment to thank all of our veterans from each branch of tthey military for ttheyir service, including tthey thousands of advance team members who previously served. We're honored to continue partnering with several organizations to recruit and support current and former service members, including building homes for theyroes. I've personally seen tthey impact that ttheir organization has had on families, and I'm proud of tthey impact and our commitment to continue supporting ttheyse important initiatives in tthey years to come. Once again, thanks for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our Q4 results with you in February. Operator [01:08:16] Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.