Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Michael Lasser - UBS Liz Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Basham - Wedbush Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Securities  Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley  Michael Baker - D.A. Davidson Kate McShane - Goldman Sachs Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q4 and full year 2021 results as well as our 2022 outlook that we've highlighted in our earnings release yesterday. I'm joined today by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements, ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections, and future performance.  Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ, can be found under tthey captions forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning. We delivered a strong fourth and final quarter in what resulted in a record breaking 2021 for Advance Auto Parts. We closed tthey year with record top line sales, Advance’s higtheyst annual adjusted operating income margin expansion since our first year as a public company in 2002 and record adjusted diluted earnings per share. In addition, we returned over $1 billion in cash to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend, which is also a record. Last April, we provided a strategic update focused on our long-term plans to deliver top quartile total shareholder return or TSR, and we delivered on ttheir objective in 2021. In discussing our Q4 and full year performance, as well as our outlook for 2022, Jeff and I will reference tthey same four drivers of ttheir TSR performance we outlined in that meeting. First, build an ownership culture; second, grow faster than tthey market; third, capitalize on our unique margin expansion opportunity; and fourth, return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders. I'd like to begin by thanking tthey entire Advance team and Carquest Independent for theylping us build an ownership culture and delivering tthey strong results we're about to review. As we look back on tthey past two years of managing through a global pandemic, nothing has been more important to us than tthey theyalth, safety and wellbeing of our team members and customers. Tthey investments we've made enabled us to keep infection rates at AAP below tthey national averages. In addition, we believe that consistency of our words and actions managing through COVID-19 enabled us to build trust during a defining moment for companies. Improving organizational theyalth has never been more important amidst a labor market wtheyre people have more choices than ever, in terms of wtheyre, wtheyn and how ttheyy work. We fundamentally believe that wtheyn we take care of our team members, ttheyy in turn will take care of our customers, resulting in strong shareholder returns.  Our team members are critical to our customer value proposition. Ttheyy build enduring relationships with customers. Ttheyy work togettheyr as a team across markets to serve customers. And throughout tthey pandemic, ttheyy fulfilled surging demand for customers. Ttheyy also navigated ttheir challenging environment to welcome new customers, grow our business with existing customers and train new AAP team members. Meanwhile, because our team members are so vitally important to our long-term sustainable growth at Advance, we continue to invest in ttheym and in our business despite tthey pandemic. Ttheir includes investments in our differentiated Fuel tthey Frontline stock ownership program, IT infrastructure, supply chain, stores, independent partners and in leading digital capabilities to theylp our team better serve customers in tthey future. In summary, we're incredibly proud and thankful for tthey progress our team members and independent partners made throughout tthey past two years to strengttheyn and build an ownership culture theyre at Advance. Shifting to our Q4 results, and as a reminder, we were lapping at 53rd week in tthey previous year. In our press release, you'll find detailed summaries of our 2021 results compared with 2020 on a like-for-like 12-week and 52-week basis. In our remarks today, we'll be measuring our performance apples-to-apples. In ottheyr words, Q4 2021 will be compared to tthey relevant 12 weeks in 2020. And tthey 52 weeks of 2021 will be compared with tthey relevant 52 weeks in 2020. In Q4, we were able to once again comp tthey comp, delivering comparable store sales growth of 8.2% or 12.9% on a two-year stack. Our adjusted operating margin rate expanded 96 basis points in tthey quarter, and adjusted earnings per share grew by 35.4% to $2.07.  For tthey full year, we delivered double-digit comp sales growth of 10.7% and 13.1% on a two-year stack. Adjusted operating income margin rate of 9.6% was up 159 basis points, resulting in adjusted EPS of $12.02, which increased nearly 48%. Shifting to tthey second TSR driver we outlined last April, grow faster than tthey market. We said many times that tthey key to ttheir business is to ensure we have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time to deliver on tthey benefits of availability, care and speed. To build competitive advantage, we ask ourselves, how do we leverage our diversified asset base? What can Advance offer that sets us apart? In terms of availability, it's about leveraging our industry-leading assortment of national and OE brands while building powerful, trusted owned brands like DieHard and Carquest. Wtheyn we talk about care, it's about how we provide a superior and more personalized online, in-store and in-garage experience for customers. In terms of speed, it's about integrating digital and physical assets to serve our customers quickly through our Advance same-date suite of services. Delivering speed now includes opening new stores on tthey strength of an improved customer value proposition.  We made progress in each of ttheyse areas in Q4. And our category sales growth was led by brakes, motor oil and filters. Regionally, our performance was once again led by tthey Southwest and West regions, which led our growth most of tthey year. In terms of channels, professional led tthey way once again in Q4 with double-digit comp sales growth, with DIY omnichannel delivering mid-single-digit comp growth. Throughout 2021, our professional customers continue to navigate significant COVID-19 labor and global supply chain challenges. As a result, our team stepped up to theylp ttheym in a time of great need. Ttheir includes providing world-class training from our Carquest Technical Training Institute by delivering virtual courses in 2021 in an innovative format that provides technicians a live interactive learning experience. In terms of sales growth, our strategic accounts lead tthey way in Q4. In addition, we crossed 14,000 [Indiscernible] to close tthey year. And improvements made in our MyAdvance digital platform lead to tthey higtheyst online B2B penetration rate ever. We expanded own brands with great customer acceptance, including a significant increase in distribution of DieHard batteries and Pro garages throughout North America. Our Carquest independents also had a very strong year. In 2021, we welcomed a record 75 new independent locations and remain excited about tthey continued growth of ttheir business. Our track record of growing sales and profitability for independents continues to attract new partners to tthey Carquest program. Turning to DIY omnichannel, our success was led by tthey strength of DieHard. Following tthey launch of DieHard in mid-2020. DieHard crossed $1 billion in annual sales in 2021. Through effective marketing and PR, we ensured that consumers knew that DieHard was back. Not only did ttheyy know DieHard was back consumers recently rated DieHard as America's most trusted battery brand. Behind tthey success of DieHard, we've demonstrated our ability to build brands. By strengttheyning tthey DieHard Advance and Carquest brands, we not only build customer loyalty, but we also build pricing power. In addition, we're beginning to increase DieHard product offerings, with DieHard Power Tools launctheyd in Q4, and DieHard Hand Tools in tthey front half of 2022.  We're also focused on leading in product innovation. As an example, we were first to market with an enhanced flooded battery in 2021, which carries an attractive 4-year warranty. And yesterday, we announced tthey exciting news that DieHard has received formal certification from UL as tthey first automotive battery to achieve one of ttheyir distinguittheyyd validations. UL is a globally recognized non-profit organization dedicated to tthey advancement of a safer and environmentally sustainable future.  DieHard AGM batteries are now tthey first and only global automotive battery to receive UL validation within tthey circularity or closed loop or closed cycle space. Ttheir notable validation is tthey result of years of work between Advance and our strategic manufacturing partner Clarios. Our disciplined execution of battery core returns, along with a proprietary manufacturing process allows for continual reuse of environmentally sensitive raw materials. Simply put, ttheir means that new DieHard batteries come from recycling old DieHard batteries, which contributes to a circular economy and environmental sustainability. DieHard is America's most trusted auto battery. And not only is it reliable, durable and powerful, but it also stands for innovation. While we're pleased with our early success behind DieHard, we're just getting started on building and strengttheyning ttheir powerful brand.  We also made progress driving DIY loyalty through Speed Perks. We added new Speed Perks members throughout tthey year, finishing at 12.6 million, while increasing loyalty and share of wallet with existing customers. To furttheyr strengttheyn loyalty, we recently announced a new benefit for Speed Perks members, gas rewards. Fuel savings has been a request of Speed Perks customers, and we're delivering. Partnering with Stheyll to theylp customers save at tthey pump while driving furttheyr brand loyalty and share of wallet. Finally, our execution in stores continues to improve. And we remain focused on strengttheyning tthey customer experience and increasing net promoter score. Behind a strengttheyned customer value proposition, we opened 31 stores and 8 Worldpac branctheys in 2021 as we began to ramp market expansion. Ttheir includes our first 7 stores converted in California and after some disappointing delays due to COVID-19. As you saw on our release yesterday, we expect to open an additional 125 to 150 new stores and branctheys in 2022. In terms of our third TSR driver, we believe our opportunity to furttheyr expand margins is unique within our space. Our Q4 operating income margin expansion was led by gross margin improvement driven by category management. Ttheir incorporates strategic pricing, owned brand expansion and strategic sourcing culminating in a disciplined execution plan. Our strategic pricing capabilities have improved considerably following tthey implementation of a new technology platform in 2020. Our new tools enable us to eliminate unproductive discounts and react quickly to cost increases related to inflation. We incorporated advanced analytics, competitive intelligence, price elasticity and customer segmentation into our category plans.  Increased own brand penetration also played a meaningful role in tthey quarter driving margin expansion. We transitioned tens of thousands of SKUs within undercar and engine management with our in-stock improving throughout tthey quarter. Separately, we continue to transform our enterprise wide supply chain infrastructure. First, we made furttheyr progress on integrating tthey assortment, supply chain and technology platforms within Worldpac and Autopart International during Q4. By year-end, we consolidated 55% of AI locations onto tthey Worldpac tech stack. Getting to a single supply chain and tech stack for our pure play professional business, improves customer service drives incremental sales and increases margins. We expect ttheir transition to be completed by mid-year. In terms of tthey integration of our Advance and Carquest supply chains, we completed tthey rollout of across banner replenishment. Our entire advanced and Carquest network of stores are now serviced by a freight logical distribution center, which reduced our annual mileage driven from DC to store by approximately 14% in 2021. Our next big step is to get to a single warehouse management system or WMS. As of December 21, we've transitioned 44% of our distribution center network, as measured by unit volume to tthey new WMS. As we complete WMS to new DC, we followed up with tthey implementation of our labor management system, which drives furttheyr savings through enhanced performance pay. Tthey full run-rate benefits of WMS and LMS remain on track to be realized by tthey end of 2023. Finally, we continue to look for ways within our supply chain to optimize and modernize our network. We're excited about tthey transition to our new San Bernardino and Toronto DCs that we announced last quarter. Once fully operational, San Bernardino will be tthey central location for supplier shipments, and theylp facilitate rapid store and e-commerce delivery in tthey Western United States. As we ramp tthey opening of ttheir new DC, we recently announced to our team members that we'll be consolidating operations from are much older, Riverside DC to ttheir new facility. Similarly, our Toronto DC enables tthey consolidation of two distribution centers, one Carquest and one Worldpac to a single and much larger facility. Ttheir will significantly improve our availability in tthey very large Ontario market. Shifting to SG&A. We're pleased to report that we exceeded our previously stated goal of $1.8 million in sales per store in 2021. As we move into 2022, we plan to build on ttheir achievement behind continued improvement in sales per store, along with tthey disciplined execution of profit per store productivity initiatives. Ttheir includes automating tasks in stores to enable more customer facing time, and leveraging technology that integrates internal driver availability with tthey gig economy. In addition to improving sales and profit per store, we completed our finance ERP integration. Tthey theyalth of our balance ttheyyet has improved, and we expect to realize tthey full run-rate of savings in 2022. We'll continue to build on ttheir integrated platform to deliver furttheyr improvements in tthey customer experience and reduce cost. Finally, we're building an enviable track record on team member safety. For tthey full year 2021, we saw a 10% reduction in our total recordable injury rate versus 2020. And our lost time injury rate reduced by 20%. Our frequency rate on both metrics is now close to one half of what it was five years ago. In summary, Advance is a very different company than we were several years ago. We've strengttheyned our core customer value proposition integrated many parts of tthey company, enhance our diversified asset base, and significantly improved execution. During 2021, we also conducted our first materiality assessment to sharpen our focus and prioritize our ESG agenda. We'll share additional information about tthey results of ttheir assessment in our upcoming corporate sustainability report. Well, we're proud of our 2021 performance. We see plenty of runway in 2022 to furttheyr drive total shareholder return. As you saw in our press release yesterday, we introduced our 2022 guidance. Ttheir contemplates tthey continuation of our top-line growth and margin expansion initiatives, as well as tthey following external tailwinds. An aging vehicle population, with several million vehicles entering tthey sweet spot, as availability of new cars continues to lag theirtorical trends, an ongoing and gradual recovery in miles driven, which has still not reactheyd 2019 levels and tthey outperformance of our professional business compared to DIY for reasons we've discussed in tthey past. Our guide also takes into consideration certain factors that have changed since we initially share our 3-year strategic plan. Ttheir includes tthey acceleration of broad based inflation across tthey economy, and tthey lapping of significant stimulus dollars, both of which could negatively impact our core customer, within our industry, inflationary pressures across commodity, wages and transportation. Overall, we're very encouraged by tthey resiliency of our industry in 2021, and tthey momentum we're building behind tthey disciplined execution of our strategic plan. Jeff will now go deeper on our financials, provide an update on our fourth TSR driver, tthey substantial return of cash to shareholders and discuss our 2022 guidance. Jeff? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I'd also like to thank our team members for ttheyir dedication ttheir past year to care for our customers and each ottheyr, and deliver record results. Before I review our financial results, I also wanted to remind you 2020 included an additional week. To provide a better year-over-year comparison, tthey impact of ttheir additional week has been excluded from our discussion of previous year. Please refer to our earnings release for tthey full impact of tthey additional week in 2020. In Q4, our net sales of $2.4 billion, increased 8.6% compared to Q4 of 2020. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 145 basis points to 46.8%, driven primarily by improvements in category management, led by strategic pricing, inventory related and own brand expansion. Ttheir was partially offset by ongoing inflationary costs, lapping shrink benefits in q4 2020, and unfavorable channel mix. Same SKU inflation in Q4 2021, increased 5%. Additionally, despite today's inflationary environment and global supply chain pressures, we're pleased that we delivered a slight supply chain leverage in Q4 and for tthey full year.  Our Q4 adjusted SG&A was $946 million, or 39.5% of net sales. Ttheir compares to 39% of net sales in Q4 2020. Late Q3, ttheir was primarily driven by inflationary theyadwinds within labor, as well as increased incentive compensation behind tthey record setting results our team delivered. As expected incremental costs associated with tthey opening of our California stores atheyad of planned revenue continues to be a theyadwind to SG&A in tthey quarter. Ttheyse theyadwinds were partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in COVID-19 related expenses. Our Q4 adjusted operating income was $177 million, an increase of 24.8% compared with Q4 2020. Our Q4 adjusted OI margin improved 96 basis points to 7.4%. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.07 increased 35.4% compared with Q4 2020. For tthey full year, our net sales were record $11 billion, and increased 10.6% compared to 2020. Our adjusted gross profit increased 14.9% and adjusted gross profit margin expanded 175 basis points. Adjusted SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2021 increased 11% compared to 2020. On a rate basis, adjusted SG&A delevered 16 basis points to 36.4% of net sales. While we reduced our COVID-19 related expenses by $28 million in 2021, we continue to prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers. Our full year 2021 adjusted operating income increased 32.5% to $1.1 billion. On a rate basis, our adjusted OI margin expanded 159 basis points to 9.6%. In addition, we delivered record adjusted diluted earnings per share of $12.02. Our 2021 capital expenditures were $290 million. Our free cash flow for tthey year increased $121 million, or 17.2% year-over-year to $823 million driven by improved operating performance. As Tom mentioned, we completed our finance ERP implementation in 2021. We began to see some benefits in 2021, which partially contributed to tthey approximately 400 basis point improvement in our AP ratio year-over-year. We expect to begin seeing tthey full run-rate of savings ttheir year. To close out our discussion on our TSR drivers, we returned a record $1 billion in 2021 to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. In line with our capital allocation priorities, and confidence in tthey continued robust cash generation of our business, our board recently approved a 50% increase to our quarterly cash dividend to $1.50 per share. Ttheir supports our stated objective of a 35% to 45% dividend payout ratio. In addition, our board also approved an additional $1 billion authorization to our existing share repurchase program, which at tthey end of 2021 with $545 million. We're confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash flow and committed to a balance return of excess cash to shareholders. In consideration of tthey factors Tom discussed surrounding our 2022 outlook, our guidance includes net sales of $11.2 billion to $11.5 billion, comparable store sales of 1% to 3%, adjusted operating income margin of 10% to 10.2%. An income tax rate of 24% to 26%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $13.20 to $13.75 based on our outstanding share count as of yesterday. Capital expenditures of $300 million to $350 million, a minimum of $775 million in free cash flow, share repurchases of $500 million to $700 million and 125 to 150 new store and branch openings. We’re encouraged that through tthey first four weeks of 2022, our comp sales are running above tthey top-end of our full year guidance. Finally, our guidance for new store openings includes tthey California stores that were delayed last year, primarily due to permitting challenges resulting from tthey pandemic. Ttheir guidance include new locations across all banners in both tthey U.S. and Canada but excludes independent locations. Once again, I'd like to thank our team members for ttheyir continued dedication, we build on tthey momentum of our 2021 results.  With that, let’s open tthey phone line to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Talking about your guidance, tthey 1% to 3% comp, that's bracketing tthey low-end of your 2% to 4% multi-year algo and you're flowing through 50 basis points at tthey low end of that two-way -- I felt it would have been like more like closer to 100 basis points. So, is ttheyre something that's changing in tthey environment to your competitors' pricing commentaries? Is it conservatism? Is it changing in terms of your ability to pass through inflation? So I want to get your thoughts on that.  Tom Greco Well, theyy, good morning, Chris. First of all, give you some color on tthey sales guide and ttheyn Jeff can ctheme in a little bit on tthey margin piece. First of all, we're continuing to target growth above tthey market in ’22. Our sales guide for tthey year reflects an estimated lower industry growth, certainly -- versus 2021. We're going to see less growth than we saw last year. As we said in our prepared remarks, on tthey one hand, we see tailwinds for tthey industry. You've got an aging vehicle population with several million vehicles right ttheyre in tthey sweet spot. Tthey new cars are very difficult to get, tthey availability lags theirtorical trends. And we do expect a gradual recovery in miles-driven, which still have not reactheyd 2019 level.  At tthey same time, we're cognizant of potential theyadwinds for tthey industry. Following last year, which was record breaking across tthey board, it's difficult to predict what tthey ‘22 growth rates going to be ttheir early in tthey year. As you know, we've seen an acceleration of broad-based inflation across tthey economy, which recently reactheyd a 40-year high last week, basically.  So we're also going to have less than U.S. dollars in ‘22 versus ‘21. So I'll flip it over to Jeff to talk a little bit about how that translates through to margin. Jeff?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah. So just taking that, top line sales guide, in terms of our margin expansion, Chris, first of all, our margin expansion initiatives remain on track. But as we talked about in our prepared remarks, tthey inflation that we're seeing right now is substantially higtheyr than wtheyn we develop that strategic plan.  So in ttheir early stage of tthey year, we’re mindful of tthey impact that ttheir will have, not only on tthey industry demand, as Tom said, but also our cost base. So tthey cost within tthey P&L and tthey impact that inflation could have on all of those various line items in 2022.  So right now, our plan is to execute our margin expansion initiatives in a disciplined manner. And ttheyn as we get furttheyr into tthey year, we'll have a better handle on tthey impact of tthey inflation on both industry, industry demand our consumers, as well as our cost base.  Chris Horvers So ttheyn, as a follow up. As you think about that, 10.5% to 12.5% operating margin in 2023, is your commentary inflation more saying, theyy, guys, more likely to be at tthey low end of that range, or is your commentary more like it's just too early in tthey year, let's not get atheyad of ourselves, given tthey uncertainty that lies atheyad?  Tom Greco Yeah, it's really tthey latter. We remain confident in delivering tthey long-term targets we provided last April. We talked about what tthey ‘22 guide background was. Long-term, industry and fundamentals are attractive. We're innovating and positioning AAP for long-term success. And we still have a significant TSR opportunity for us. So it's really tthey latter.  Chris Horvers Thanks very much. Best of luck.  Tom Greco Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is open.  Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. With two of your large competitors making price investments to gain market share in tthey commercial sector and your comps trailing behind ttheir peer set, how much do you need to invest in price above and beyond what you originally expected in order to sustain your market share? Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Michael. Well, we've been talking about our category management initiatives for a couple of years now. And strategic pricing, along with increasing own brand penetration and strategic sourcing are key elements of ttheir plan.  So let me provide some color on how we’re thinking about our pricing strategy in a professional channel. Three things. First of all, we've been conducting a survey most of our professional customers for many years. And just to give you a data point from last year’s survey, tthey top three variables were availability, ease of doing business and speed of delivery, ttheyy were all ranked atheyad of price.  At tthey same time, we know competitive pricing is important and our strategy is rooted in how tthey Pro customer makes decisions. We incorporate an extensive assessment of competitive pricing for each of tthey Pro channels we compete in by category. And tthey reason we expanded our lower price point, higtheyr margin owned brand portfolio was to provide more value price options for our customers.  Secondly, during our Investor Day, we highlighted our approach to meeting tthey unique needs of different Pro customers by leveraging our diversified go-to-market asset base. Ttheir includes Advance stores, Carquest Independents and Worldpac, which as you know, is an entirely professional or pure play WD. It's important to note that Worldpac has competed with WD’s for many years and already has very competitive pricing, which informs our enterprise Pro pricing strategy.  Worldpac has a different Pro model than conventional retail parts stores. And we're keenly aware of tthey competitive landscape within Pro, which is usually very different by category and in some cases, even by part type.  Finally, we've been investing in improving tthey customer experience through a single parts look up, technical training, and digital assets to improve speed and visibility of delivery. We also provide customized service models wtheyre relevant. So in summary, Michael, our compretheynsive approach is tailored to tthey unique needs of what's most important to each customer and our strategy is working. We grew double digits within Pro last year, and we continue to believe our differentiated strategy will deliver profitable growth and margin expansion.  Michael Lasser  Okay. And my follow-up question is on tthey inflation discussion. Jeff mentioned that part of tthey reason why you guided like you did for ttheir year was because of cost inflation. Your SG&A dollars grew 9% in 2021, Advance had already been experiencing significant operating expense inflation and now you're suggesting you're mindful of that continuing into 2022?  Shouldn't ttheir be more than covered by price increases, as tthey industry theirtorically has typically priced to a full margin to why would you not be able to recover tthey cost increases now, wtheyreas tthey industry's been able to do that in tthey past? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah, sure. Well, I think, Michael, you're right. Tthey industry has been incredibly rational over periods of inflation. And we have been able to cover cost inflation as it relates to maintaining gross margin rate. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, and as I mentioned earlier, that we're seeing record inflation across tthey P&L. So it's not just product cost inflation, it's not just commodities. Just to give you a couple of data points, our two largest items on our cost base are product costs and wage inflation. And as we sit theyre and look at that today, we're expecting those to both be in that mid-single digit range for 2022 on top of what we've already seen in ‘21, Product cost is on tthey same SKU basis, as you know, but that that's fairly significant.  So right now, we don't have a model that says our pricing will cover -- inflation to cover tthey entire P&L. We're confident that pricing, along with our ottheyr category management initiatives, will more than offset a gross margin and ttheyn our SG&A initiatives will offset that inflation down in SG&A. Michael Lasser  Just to clarify, what does your model suggest that Advance will be a contribution from same KSKU inflation in 2022?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Mid-single digits?  Michael Lasser  Okay. All right. Thank you very much.  Operator Your next question comes from a line of Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Your line is open. Liz Suzuki Great, thank you. Just a question on tthey DieHard brand. You're expanding into new categories? And what do you think is tthey ultimate total addressable market for DieHard? How many categories can you expand into and what percentage of your sales do you think that could represent?  Tom Greco Well, first of all, we're thrilled we crossed a billion dollars. I mean, it's not every day that build a billion dollar brand in a single year. I mean, tthey brand had really languittheyyd lives, as you probably know. And we're getting new customers, we're engaging younger consumers. We're seeing really improved awareness amongst all demographics with DieHard. And we've been gaining share within batteries. Had a terrific two years and we've got a lot of runway yet.  So how we look at DieHard is we -- obviously tthey core equity, tthey bull's eye if you will, is an automotive battery, but as you extend out in tthey concentric circles around it, ttheyre are ancillary categories wtheyre we can extend tthey brand. And we talked about Power Tools and Hand Tools. More to come ttheyre, but we believe that DieHard brand is one that we can build out and be a very strong differentiator for us. Our Pro customers love tthey stocking program that we've put in place for DieHard batteries. We're continuing to build that out. So lots of room to run with DieHard and more to come on wtheyre else we can extend.  Liz Suzuki Great. And just that one quick follow up. What percentage of your sales do you estimate are for brake fix or general maintenance purposes versus more discretionary categories? And, tthey reason I asked is as you look at 2020 and 2021 and just tthey strength in DIY, a lot of which was people spending more time at home, people having stimulus dollars. How much do you think that DIY strength was bolstered by discretionary categories like accessories?  Tom Greco Well, first of all ttheyre's no question wtheyn people have time on ttheyir hands. Ttheyy were doing more with ttheyir cars and wtheyn ttheyy're at home ttheyy basically couldn't, couldn't sit at home and watch ttheyir computer screen and Netflix all day. So, we did see a surge ttheyre.  But I can tell you, tthey resiliency of what we saw at tthey theyight of tthey pandemic within DIY right up until tthey fourth quarter has been very encouraging for us. And we're continuing to be pleased with our DIY omnichannel business and we're going to continue to drive and grow that business. Obviously to your earlier question, DieHard plays a key role ttheyre. If we can draw people into our stores with a differentiated brands such as DieHard we can grow tthey DIY business.  So tthey first part of your question, we look at tthey customer journey as it pertains to DIY. And ttheyy really do vary. I mean, my car won't start is tthey journey for batteries. My brakes are squeaking is tthey journey for brakes, all of ttheym have various degrees of urgency. So we're very focused on tthey specific drivers of choice within each one of those journeys. And that's how we build out our business.  Liz Suzuki Great, thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from a line of Seth Basham from Wedbush. Your line is open.  Seth Basham  Thanks a lot. And good morning. My question is also on tthey inflation environment and tthey impact on potential demand destruction. Are you seeing any of that occur now? And I don’t know, if you built into your plan for 2022?  Tom Greco Well, in terms of demand specifically, Seth? Seth Basham  Yes, exactly.  Tom Greco Yeah. We haven't seen it yet and to be clear. I mean, we are not seeing trade down, we're not seeing deferred maintenance. It's just a question of -- we've got 10 and a half months of tthey year left. And tthey inflation is pretty significant across all categories, fuel prices, et cetera that that's what we're mindful of. And, as tthey year unfolds, we'll be in a better position to see tthey full impact of it. But it's really a case of making sure that we're looking at all potential outcomes for tthey industry for tthey year.  Seth Basham  Understood. And what have you built into your comp sales plan for ’22 from that effect?  Tom Greco Well, our guide is to at tthey midpoint.  Seth Basham  Understood, but does that include some demand destruction assumptions for tthey balance of tthey year?  Tom Greco I'm sorry, can you repeat that?  Seth Basham  Does that include some pressure from demand destruction associated with tthey inflation that tthey core customer is experiencing for tthey balance of tthey year? Tom Greco Yeah. Yes, it does. I mean, we're assuming coming off tthey year wtheyn tthey ACA would say tthey industry grew high-single digits in 2021. I mean, that's tthey latest information we have from Auto Care Association. We're assuming, low-single, even 1 to 2 for tthey industry overall.  Now, given all tthey tailwinds that could be a very low estimate, we acknowledge that. But it's just -- it's an unusual sign. We've got an unprecedented level of inflation. We've got 10 and half months to go. So that's really tthey thinking.  Seth Basham  Understood. Thank you so much.  Operator Your next question comes from a line of Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.  Greg Melich Hi, thanks. Just want to make sure I got tthey guidance right. Tthey mid-single digit inflation implies that that basically units would be down ttheir year. And did you expect tthey Pro and DIY split to be similar to last year to narrow or widen?  Tom Greco Yeah, good question, Greg. So obviously, given tthey guide we are assuming DIY transactions, which is well over half of our transactions. Obviously, tthey dollars per transaction is lower on DIY. We expect tthey ally transactions to be down. That is embedded in our guide. We do expect growth in Pro transactions. So overall positive growth on transactions and average ticket in Pro transactions down in DIY. We're assuming some level of growth in DIY, however and Pro outpacing DIY for tthey year as really has been tthey case for tthey last couple of quarters.  Greg Melich Great. And ttheyn secondly, could you update us on wtheyre you are in tthey brand strategy? You gave a billion for DieHard. Wtheyn you add in Advance and Carquest, are we 40%-50% of tthey mix now?  Tom Greco Yeah. We've said in tthey past Greg, we started out ttheir journey in tthey high-30s, in terms of our percentage of owned brand penetration. And we've moved that up nicely. We're well into tthey 40s now in tthey most recent quarter into tthey higtheyr-40s. And we still believe we have room to grow ttheyre. So we're very pleased with tthey strength of our owned brand. As we've said many times, it carries in general a lower price per unit, certainly in tthey higtheyr hard part segment than tthey national branded competitors. But tthey quality is very good. Our return rates are much lower than ttheyy've been in tthey past. And our in stocks improved on all of tthey categories in tthey fourth quarter.  So pleased with tthey owned brand penetration and relative to ottheyrs, we still got opportunities ttheyre.  Greg Melich And ttheyn last, if we look at tthey guidance for tthey adjusted margin expansion, so just over 10%. Is that -- should that be equally between gross margin and SG&A leverage? Or how should we think about that margin expansion?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah, we think we're going to grow our margins in ’22 coming both from gross margin improvement as well as SG&A improvement. Tthey gross margin improvement is going to benefit from tthey things we've been talking about our category management as well as our supply chain initiatives. And SG&A is going to benefit from tthey strategic initiatives we outlined last April, which is to reduce SG&A costs and improve our sales and profit per store.  Greg Melich That's great. Good luck, guys.  Tom Greco Thanks, Greg.  Operator Your next question comes from a line of Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Your line is open.  Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. So get given tthey lower price points on your own brands, can you guys quantify for us tthey impact of tthey theyadwind to both comp and gross profit dollars from that mix shift?  Tom Greco Yeah, we don't break that out, Scot. But I mean, obviously it varies by product and category made absolutely as a lower price point. It is a comp sales theyadwind, if you sell an equivalent amount of units, obviously our goal is to accelerate tthey unit because as we said, we're providing a more value priced option for our customers. And that gives us a lower absolute price point for our professional customers. And as we ramp it up tthey unit growth should offset that. But I can also tell you that in many cases, tthey gross profit dollars are higtheyr.  So we're very pleased with tthey owned brand performance. It was a significant driver of our margin expansion in 2021. And it will be for tthey next couple of years.  Scot Ciccarelli Okay. Tom Greco Just to remind everyone, it’s very significantly better. Tthey margin rate is significantly better on those categories.  Scot Ciccarelli Yeah. I guess I've been under tthey impression that tthey branded products still typically generate more gross profit dollars, which is more -- theynce tthey question.  Tom Greco Yeah, not necessarily.  Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay, and ttheyn switch switching gears for a second. Tthey last time you guys enhance your Speed Perks benefits. We had some pretty notable gross margin theyadwinds with tthey new gas rewards, like is ttheyre anything we should be wary of as people start to utilize that and what appears to be a very high gas price environment?  Tom Greco Yeah, we're going to get back on our front foot on Speed Perks, Scot. I mean, we did through tthey pandemic just tthey level of demand that was coming into our stores was substantial. And we wanted to make sure we took care of tthey customers and obviously having conversations with our customers about a loyalty program. It takes time and we subjugated that.  Ttheyre's no financial consequences at all for gas rewards. We've engineered it in such a way that it will be a real positive candidly, for us. We think it drives share of wallet, in a time of rising gas prices as just out in California, it's almost 6 bucks a gallon. You've got a situation wtheyre consumers are getting going to be really mindful of what ttheyy're paying at tthey pump. And we're enthusiastic about how our team is engaged with ttheir gas rewards program. We're going to be working really hard in tthey stores, signing up new members and graduating members. So ttheir will be a nice little boost for us on DIY in 2022.  Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Thanks a lot.  Tom Greco Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from a line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.  Simeon Gutman  Hey, good morning, everyone. You mentioned that you achieve supply chain leverage ttheir quarter. Can you talk about tthey puts in tthey takes? I think I'm sure some of your initiatives are theylping it and versus labor and transport which would have been a theyadwind. So can you maybe tell us I guess what tthey theyadwind was, so we can quantify how good you're doing underlying lift?  Tom Greco Yeah, if we were just to strip out tthey inflation, we'd be talking about tthey supply chain tailwind being a much more meaningful number. Say it anottheyr way, Simeon our initiatives and supply chain are on track. I think we talked about ttheir in tthey third quarter, but we completed tthey cross banner replenishment. We're on track with our WMS and LMS to be done by 2023. And those are providing tthey benefits we had anticipated.  It's just -- once you factor in tthey inflation, although we did leverage, it was just small because of tthey inflation. And tthey labor inflation has been acute specifically in that supply chain kind of warehouse employee, tthey battle for that talent is just intense. And ttheyn you also see it in tthey areas that you pointed out transportation, fuel, what have you those all built in ttheyre as well.  Simeon Gutman  Thanks. And ttheyn Tom, you clarified that tthey industry is expected to grow ttheir year, do you have a range or a sense of you can tell us. And ttheyn I expect you to take -- do you expect to take market share ttheir year?  Tom Greco Absolutely. We do expect to take market share. We have a model a low number Simeon, as we explained earlier for overall industry growth we make sure we're [indiscernible] and we don't get surprised by something as tthey year unfolds, given tthey unprecedented levels of inflation.  But what we showed back in April was as an estimate for ‘22 to ‘23 was 2% to 4%, if you recall. And we believe it's going to be at tthey lower end of that for all tthey reasons we explained. If that is somewhat ends up being something different and tthey industry proves to be as resilient as it's been in tthey past 2009-2011 most notably wtheyre it was performing extremely well in a recessionary time, that'll be good news.  Simeon Gutman  Thank you. Good luck.  Tom Greco Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Baker from D.A. Davidson. Michael Baker  Hi, thanks guys. A couple of follow-ups. One -- well, first of all, let me ask about tthey hiring and tthey labor situation. Is that as bad as it was? Is it getting worse? Is it getting any better now that some employment benefits have rolled off? Any sort of end in sight in terms of that pressure point? Tom Greco Yeah. Good question, Michael. I mean, we are really happy that we're starting to go tthey ottheyr way. In both tthey distribution centers and tthey stores, we measure turnover very, very closely.  Tthey stores did not jump up as much. I mean our unique stock ownership program, wtheyre we've invested over $60 million in our frontline team members over tthey past couple of years has theylped us ttheyre. We've been able to retain our general managers, our commercial parts pros, et cetera. And ttheyn in tthey supply chain in tthey DC, it peaked really around tthey third quarter of last year in tthey summer and started to come back down. It's still not back to wtheyre it was pre-pandemic, I can tell you that, in tthey DCs. But we are coming back down. And as you said, tthey applicant pool is starting to open up. People have fewer options, and we're -- we've obviously had to invest in compensation in our supply chain, but that's -- much of that is behind us at ttheir stage.  And we've got plans ttheir year to see that turnover continue to come down in both tthey stores and in tthey DCs. Michael Baker  Okay. Thanks. That's good news. Also, I want to follow up on tthey pricing question and really to Mike Lasser's question earlier. Tthey way I interpret your comments is, some of your competitors, including O'Reilly last week, had a pretty -- I thought a pretty interesting announcement. You're saying no change in your strategy. You're happy with wtheyre your pricing is because you compete with tthey private label, that sort of is your answer to ttheym, and AutoZone reducing prices. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Tom Greco Absolutely. We're incredibly focused on tthey pro customer and tthey competitive environment within tthey Pro customer. We look at it every week. We look at our price comparison across tthey market. I'm sure our peers do tthey very same thing. So we're very familiar with tthey broader competitive landscape. I mean, tthey wholesale distributors, tthey specialty players, tthey -- and ttheyy're a big factor in large urban markets.  Worldpac has competed with ttheym for 20 years plus. So we know that ttheyre are pure plays out ttheyre that have lower prices on very specific products. And we organize our enterprise pricing strategy around that. So no change in our pricing strategy going forward. Michael Baker  One more quick one, if I could, sorry, is -- can you talk about tthey private label penetration within tthey Pro business versus tthey DIY business? I know in tthey past, maybe Pros didn't like private label as much, but it sounds like DieHard is being well accepted by tthey pro customer. Can you sort of flesh that out a little bit? Tom Greco Sure. I mean, well, DieHard and Carquest. I mean, Carquest is a powerful brand in tthey professional sales channel. Carquest Brakes is a leader in tthey professional channel. Ttheyy're high quality. Our customers request ttheym. And as we extend, Michael into engine management, undercar, some of ttheyse ottheyr categories, Carquest is being very well received.  So in part, because it doesn't have a brand name on tthey front door of a retail store. So that's part of tthey reason why. But it's equally powerful ttheyre. If you've got a high-quality owned brand product that carries -- that's good value for our customer and you can get it to ttheym quickly, ttheyy're going to be very supportive. But just to reinforce, national brands play a key role in our portfolio also, and we're partnering very closely with our national brand suppliers to make sure that we're lifting up ttheyir brands at tthey same time. Michael Baker  Makes perfect sense. Thank you for color. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Samuel Brenneck from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Kate McShane  Hi. It's actually Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. I just wondered if we could just go back to your comment on tthey quarter-to-date running above tthey 3% or tthey high end of your full year guidance. Can you talk a little bit about what's tthey primary driver of your outperformance? And what kind of comp we're facing quarter-to-date versus last year? Tom Greco Sure. Good morning, Kate. Well, first of all, it's always interesting tthey way tthey big seasons kind of straddle quarters, right? Tthey spring selling season straddles Q1 and Q2. Tthey middle of tthey winter straddles Q4 and Q1. We have a very large presence in tthey Norttheyast. I think, obviously you know that. It was a pretty mild December in tthey Norttheyast. It got cold in tthey first period of tthey year. So that swings business out of tthey fourth quarter and into tthey first quarter for us. Tthey West was really cold in December. We had very strong growth in tthey West and tthey Southwest in December, not so much in tthey Norttheyast. So I mean, what we've seen so far, we're very pleased. We like tthey fact that we've had a pretty harsh winter so far across tthey country. That should be good for us. In tthey second quarter also, we've had a lot of snow. We love those big, theyavy machines, tearing up tthey roads up in New York and Detroit, and up in those markets wtheyre we're in. So hopefully, that creates a strong tailwind for us in tthey second quarter. So it really is -- ttheyre's been favorable weattheyr in tthey first quarter. And as you talk about tthey compares, we're starting to look at 3-year stack, obviously. I mean, tthey 2-year stack will become officially irrelevant by tthey second quarter, right? So we'll start to look at 3-year stack, and tthey 3-year stack looks good on a year-to-date basis. Kate McShane  Thank you. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Zach Fadem  Hey. Good morning. Tom, do you think elasticity in tthey industry has changed at all for tthey do-it-for-me customer? And given tthey importance of service and availability, why do you think peers are having -- or seeing success lowering price? And to what extent do you even view pricing a needle mover wtheyn you go theyad-to-theyad with peers and WDs? Tom Greco Well, I mean, as we said earlier Zach, ttheyre are ottheyr variables that are more important to our pro customers. And I speak to ttheym all tthey time, wtheyttheyr that's tthey CEOs of tthey company or in tthey garages ttheymselves. And wtheyn you have tthey part and you're able to get it to tthey customer quickly, that's by far tthey most important variable. Now ttheyre are certain categories wtheyre tthey time to repair is longer. Ttheyre are pure play operators in markets who specialize in something like AC as an example or radiators. Wtheyn you have those types of jobs, price becomes more of a factor. And we're very aware of that. Those are not new dynamics. Those dynamics have existed for a long time, and we obviously compete in that environment.  So it's really a question of, in our case, we're focused on what's important to tthey customer and improving our fundamental value proposition. And we're going to drive top-line growth, but it's also vitally important for us to ensure that, that growth is profitable and that results in big earnings growth. And we put up 48% earnings per share growth last year. We want that to translate into cash generation that we can return that money back to our shareholders. So our focus is to make sure that we are driving profitable growth, and that's what you're going to see us do. Tthey competitive environment is clearly something we pay attention to, but we're very thoughtful about how we approach it. Zach Fadem  Got it. And for Jeff, what are you assuming for LIFO ttheir year? And as we bridge tthey gap your big-picture 2022 outlook to your 2023 margin guide of 10.5% to 12.5%, do you still expect equal parts expansion in both '22 and '23 in each year? Or should we contemplate a step-up in '23 as we move past some of tthey '22 theyadwinds like inflation? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah. So starting with tthey LIFO question, we certainly think it's going to be a sizable ttheir year. Early estimates to be -- I think we finittheyyd ttheir year at $122 million. We're estimating -- '20 -- I'm sorry, last year $122 million; ttheir year, as much as $100 million.  What's important to know on that is tthey LIFO cost that we experienced last year are beginning to manifest ttheymselves in tthey P&L ttheir year. So we're starting to see that, and that's already built into our model for '22. As we move into '23, we know some of that will move into that year. But having said that, we're very confident in our margin expansion initiatives. And we think we can continue to grow both in gross margin and in SG&A in '23 as we get into that 10.5% to 12.5%. Zach Fadem  Got it. Thanks for tthey time today.  Tom Greco Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro from Steptheyns. Your line is open. Daniel Imbro  Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to follow up on private label fill rates. Tom, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that tthey undercar categories improved through tthey quarter, but wtheyre are those fill rates maybe relative to your desired levels? And if ttheyre are any, wtheyre are tthey bottlenecks today in tthey supply chain as you move more of those categories kind of in-house and away from ottheyr brands? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all our fill rate overall, I mean, we still have pockets of difficulty ttheyre, Daniel, full disclosure, wtheyttheyr that's a result of a supplier's inability to get people in to work, wtheyttheyr that's related to tthey global supply chain, which is still not back to wtheyre it once was. In terms of tthey transition to owned brands, it's improved materially from wtheyre it was last summer. We're still -- I would say, a couple of hundred basis points off wtheyre we want to be, but we're much better off than we were last summer. And that -- it was almost 40,000 SKUs. It was a huge undertaking, but we're thrilled that we've got tthey changeover of those SKUs largely behind us, and we see lots of upside going forward as a result of it. Daniel Imbro  Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I want to follow up on Zach's questions just on LIFO benefits, so we can be clear, Jeff. If you saw $122 million of benefit in '21, I think you said you're guiding to $100 million of LIFO benefit in '22. If prices plateau into '23, does that create a gross margin theyadwind? And it seems like just numbers-wise, that would be sizable.  So can you maybe walk through tthey puts and takes? Or are you guys thinking pricing doesn't plateau? Just trying to understand how, if we have that big of a cumulative LIFO benefit, how or wtheyn that unwind through tthey P&L and away from gross margins. Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah. So first of all, it's unwinding now. We're already starting to see it, and we're going to see it throughout '22. And that's embedded in tthey model or tthey guidance that we're providing yesterday.  So we turn about 1.35 times a year. That translates into about 10 months, rough math tells you that's wtheyn it starts to come back to you on tthey P&L. So again, we plan that for '22. We're going to be planning that as we move into '23. If everything else were to remain completely static, you're right, in absolute terms, it would be a theyadwind, and that's something we're contemplating. And that's why we're really excited. We have tthey margin expansion initiatives that we have because we're confident we can overcome that. Daniel Imbro  Got it. Thanks very much for tthey color. And best of luck. Tom Greco Yeah. And Daniel, I just want to clarify one thing. On undercar we're pretty close to our in-stock goal. On engine management, that's tthey one that I was referencing. And I think you asked undercar, so just to clarify. We're pretty much wtheyre we want to be on undercar. Daniel Imbro  Thanks, Tom. Operator And your final question comes from tthey line of Brian Nagel from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Brian Nagel  Hi, good morning. Thanks for slipping me in theyre. So I know ttheyre's already been a couple of questions, a few questions maybe on tthey whole pricing dynamics, so I apologize.  But tthey question I want to ask is, Tom, from your vantage point, recognizing you're very close to your commercial customers and you're watching your competition, are you seeing some of tthey lesser known competitors maybe in tthey WD space actually move price at ttheir point? Or maybe not take price amid broader-based inflation? Is ttheyre some change in dynamic ttheyre within that cohort? Tom Greco You know what, we really haven't. And I think that from our vantage point, ttheyy operate very rationally, right? I mean, ttheyse are in many cases, private companies. Ttheyy don't have retail stores. Ttheyy're in a warehouse that doesn't pay tthey same rent. Ttheyy don't have some of tthey cost base within SG&A that you have with a traditional retail parts store. I mean, it's just that simple. So ttheyir prices tend to be lower. Ttheyir gross margins tend to be lower, and ttheyir SG&A tends to be lower.  So ttheyy operate in a very rational basis. Ttheyy priced typically below what tthey retail parts companies do, and that's why Worldpac and our diversified asset base theylps on because we already have that arrow in our quiver. And Worldpac has expanded parts significantly over tthey past several years, and we are very thoughtful about how we price in accordance with that. We're growing tthey Worldpac business substantially. It's integrating with Autopart International, and we're growing margins at Worldpac.  So it's a very good story for us in that regard, and we obviously want to maintain our competitiveness, but we've got some things in our tool bag that theylps us ttheyre. Brian Nagel  Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn my follow-up question, just with respect to demand. Clearly, you ended tthey year very strong, and given your commentary, it seems like tthey strength persisted theyre into tthey New Year. As tthey economy potentially once again begins to pull away from tthey COVID crisis. Are you seeing greater variability market-to-market depending on wtheyre each market is relative to tthey pandemic? Tom Greco Well, that's a good question. I mean, we're definitely -- I'll use miles driven as tthey proxy theyre. And we just need everybody to do what Microsoft did in tthey last 24 hours as everybody go back to ttheyir offices. I'm joking, obviously. But tthey reality is tthey number of people going back to offices in particular in large urban markets is still below wtheyre tthey line.  And if you look at tthey miles driven it has recovered in parts of tthey country, almost to 2019 levels. If you look at tthey Southwest or tthey Souttheyast, you've seen that miles driven recover. Tthey Norttheyast is still almost 10% below wtheyre it was two years ago if you look through tthey tail end of last year on tthey miles driven.  Now it's coming up, but it's still below. So I think you will continue to see that miles driven improve. Tthey information we have says it's down still versus '19. We expect that to continue to improve. Brian Nagel  Yeah. Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Tom Greco, I turn tthey call back over to you for some closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks for joining us ttheir morning. And as you've theyard throughout tthey call, we remain confident in tthey strategic plan we're executing and in our ability to deliver top quartile total shareholder return through tthey four TSR drivers we discussed today. We plan to build on our 2021 results and leverage strong industry fundamentals and continue to strengttheyn our customer value proposition, deliver against our margin expansion initiatives and return substantial cash back to our shareholders.  We remain committed to tthey execution of our strategic initiatives while driving innovation to position Advance for long-term profitable growth. And we look forward to sharing more of our progress throughout tthey year. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.