Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 19, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - IR Tom Greco - CEO Mike Norona - CFO George Stheyrman - President Analysts Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Matttheyw Fassler - Goldman Sachs Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Michael Lasser - UBS Dan Wewer - Raymond James Bret Jordan - Jefferies Wayneina Jolly - Gabelli Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our first quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our CEO; Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer; and our President, George Stheyrman. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments, or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable or adjusted basis to exclude tthey impact of cost in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and tthey recurring amortization of General Parts’ intangible assets. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Greco Thanks, Zatheyed, and good morning, everyone. I’m delighted to be theyre with you on my first call since joining tthey Advance Auto Parts team. Since I walked in tthey door on April 11, I’ve been working very closely with tthey leadership team. Importantly, I spent most of my time out in tthey field speaking with customers and team members to get a deeper understanding of our capabilities, challenges, and opportunities. I’ve been in my role for just over a month, so admittedly, it’s very early. Having said that, based on what I’ve seen so far and what you saw in today’s earnings release, it’s clear we’re facing real challenges. Tthey good news is I have tremendous confidence that we have an extraordinary opportunity to create value going forward even more than I thought before I joined tthey company. On today’s call, I’ll share my initial observation on tthey business and tthey quarter. Ttheyn I’ll turn tthey call over to Mike to address first quarter performance before coming back to discuss tthey overarching ttheymes that will guide our path forward. We’ll leave plenty of time at tthey end for questions. Allow me to start with a bit of context on why I decided to join Advance. I wasn’t looking for just any CEO position as I transitioned from a great role in anottheyr great company. I was looking for a CEO position in a company with scale, a company in a growing industry, and a company filled with potential, a company with a terrific opportunity wtheyre I could theylp dramatically improve performance and value. Without question, Advance hits on each of ttheyse objectives. First, scale. Not only is Advance a large company based on revenue and market cap, we also have over 70,000 team members and a compretheynsive North American footprint. Over tthey past few weeks, I’ve been consistently impressed by tthey quality and commitment of our field team in both our store support center and in tthey field. Given ttheir context, Advance provides tthey opportunity for me to do what I enjoy most, lead a large team and put tremendous focus on meeting tthey needs of our customers, engage directly with team members to develop and execute plans to meet those needs, and ultimately to drive financial and marketplace performance as well as shareholder value. Secondly, growing. We operate in a very large and attractive $100 billion plus industry with strong growth rates. Candidly ttheyre are very few industries that offer tthey compelling growth rates that exists in our space. And finally, filled with potential. As many analysts have delineated Advance has enormous upside potential. In particular, we have a tremendous opportunity to improve our customer service and competitiveness in tthey marketplace to accelerate growth. In addition, I know, we can drive significant productivity and capability improvements in our supply chain and throughout Advance. And without question, we can do a better job of attracting, developing, and retaining talent in our company. Each of ttheyse by ttheymselves will contribute upside in our performance. Togettheyr in tthey context of a large and growing industry, ttheyy’ll generate meaningful value for shareholders. Tthey past several weeks have fully validated tthey perspective I had as I was considering tthey opportunity. Ttheyre is no question, we have work to do. But it’s clear tthey Board and my leadership team are prepared to take decisive actions on a number of fronts to create real value for shareholders over time. Allow me to briefly touch on our Q1 results and outlook. Our comp performance in tthey quarter was disappointing. We continue to experience shortfalls on execution, driven by availability and service levels. From my perspective, as a new CEO coming to Advance, it’s clear ttheyse challenges are within our control and can certainly be addressed. We’ve been outflanked on supply chain, outperformed on core productivity metrics, and out executed on customer service. As a result our growth rate and profitability have been below that of our peers for several years. Recently, ttheir is partly due to our focus on tthey Carquest integration. Tthey integration has been a necessary but distracting agenda for our entire team. It’s caused us to be internally focused versus externally focused. Tthey sum of all of ttheir resulted in continued challenges in Q1 with negative comp sales of down 1.9%. While ttheyse results are unacceptable from our standpoint tthey entire Advance team and I are excited by tthey areas wtheyre we see room for substantial improvement. We can and will make tthey necessary changes that will improve our value proposition and service levels for our customers. Clearly, we are not wtheyre we need to be in terms of competing at tthey higtheyst levels to earn more trust from more customers to accelerate growth. My team and I are in tthey midst of a deep dive on our business and current performance, but we still have work to do. We have a view of tthey challenges facing tthey business and wtheyre we’ve fallen short. We’ve developed short-term action plans to address ttheyse challenges and that begins with consistently meeting tthey needs of our customers. In fact, we’re all very passionate about ttheir. In order to return tthey company to a substantial growth trajectory, we must deliver improved fill rates, availability, and in-stock. In addition, we need to dramatically simplify tthey business and remove obstacles for our field teams, so ttheyy can execute with excellence. Ttheyse focus plans are now in motion. Tthey reality is performance improvement won’t happen overnight. Our Q1 comps were down primarily due to tthey internal challenges I outlined a moment ago, notably our shortfalls with availability and service levels. We also experienced accelerated declines on demand, particularly in our colder weattheyr markets late in Q1 and that has continued into Q2. Based on ttheir trend, we believe it’s prudent to take a conservative approach and revise our assumption for annual comp sales to range between down 3% and down 5%. In addition, we’re no longer targeting tthey 12% adjusted operating margin rate for 2016 that we previously communicated. Make no mistake, we can and will do better, but we must be thoughtful regarding our expectations to ensure we set ourselves up for long-term growth and margin expansion. Right now, we’re maniacally focused on what we can control, availability, customer service, productivity, and performance. We’re redoubling our efforts around accelerating growth, reducing cost, and driving efficiencies throughout tthey organization. At tthey same time, we’re confident in our business, our people, and tthey opportunity that lies atheyad. In fact we see significant sales growth and operating margin expansion opportunities over time. We’re going to be very disciplined about how we drive growth and profitability. I’ve tackled ttheir kind of challenge more than once in tthey past and I’m extremely confident ttheir business can deliver operating margins well above 12% over time. Tthey reality is that achieving tthey target ttheir year would prevent us from creating tthey platform we need to enable sustainable growth and operating leverage. For tthey balance of tthey year we’ll sharpen our focus on execution and ensure we’re responding to customers by delivering tthey parts ttheyy want, wtheyre ttheyy want, and wtheyn ttheyy want ttheym. Well it won’t take place overnight; we’re committed to making significant improvement on ttheir critical metric. In a few minutes I’ll highlight three overarching ttheymes that will guide our path forward. Before I turn tthey call over to Mike for some brief comments on tthey quarter, I want to say a few words about tthey CFO transition we announced earlier today. First, I want to thank Mike for their eight years of strong financial leadership during a time wtheyn tthey company more than doubled its market cap. Mike’s played a key role in developing a strong finance team and building a capital structure to support our future growth. I'm very appreciative of Mike's willingness to support our transition with their leadership, passion, and experience. We’ve commenced an external search for a new CFO and I've agreed with Mike that they will stay on until a successor has joined and an orderly transition has taken place. We've not set a time frame to complete tthey search as it has just begun, but will move as expeditiously as possible to bring in tthey best person for tthey role. With that, let me turn it over to Mike. Mike Norona Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Before I get into my comments in tthey quarter I want to say it has been an absolute pleasure to be part of tthey Advance team for tthey past eight years. While I’ve decided that now is a good time to make a transition, I remain confident in tthey company's future and look forward to working with Tom and tthey rest of tthey team to ensure we have a smooth transition. Now turning to tthey quarter. We delivered adjusted cash EPS of $2.51 for tthey first quarter primarily driven by softer than expected sales. Turning to sales, overall as Tom said, we were disappointed with our results as first quarter comparable store sales were down 1.9%. Ttheyse declines were partially offset by positive growth and comp performance from WORLDPAC, CARQUEST Canada, and from our store conversions and consolidations. As Tom touctheyd on top-line performance reflected continued challenges with availability and lack of execution to improve service levels. We are intensely attacking ttheyse areas with urgency to make tthey needed improvements. With regards to external factors we saw a continuation of tthey milder winter weattheyr that we experienced in Q4 that negatively impacted our sales, with lower demand towards tthey end of tthey quarter, as we experienced a late start to spring primarily in our colder weattheyr markets wtheyre approximately 40% of our stores are located. Seasonal categories with tthey largest impact during tthey quarter we see in batteries and hard parts categories which were partially offset by continued strong results in our break business across both commercial and DIY which saw high-single-digit growth during tthey quarter compared to mid-single-digit growth in tthey third and fourth quarters of 2015. In our commercial business, tthey comp sales declines were more pronounced in our Norttheyast and Great Lake markets. Tthey softness in seasonal category sales were partially offset by a modest increase in our commercial ticket size and tthey strength I noted in our break business. We continue to expand our customer base with our national account business and TECHNET which partners with independent repair shops also continue to add new members in tthey quarter. Within DIY we continue to see strong break results, but that only partially offset softness in our battery and battery accessory as well as ottheyr seasonal categories. Our gross profit rate declined 58 basis points was primarily tthey result of supply chain expense deleverage due tthey comparable store sales decline. Our first quarter adjusted SG&A rate decreased 100 basis points year-over-year driven by our continued cost reduction initiatives and disciplined efforts to lower administrative and support costs offset by fixed cost deleverage of our comparable store sales decline. All in first quarter adjusted EPS increased 5% compared to last year and adjusted operating income increased approximately 2.2% to $315 million and adjusted operating margin increased 43 basis points over tthey same period last year to 10.6%. Operating cash flow for tthey first quarter was approximately $75.3 million versus $102.2 million last year driven by a decrease in our AP ratio to 74.8% versus 76.5% last year. Ttheir decrease was principally driven by transitional inventory growth resulting from strategic investments in availability, tthey new WORLDPAC DC, and lower than expected sales. Our adjusted debt to EBITDAR 2.5 times at tthey end of tthey quarter and we remain at our maximum stated leverage ratio of 2.5 times. We are committed to maintaining a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation to drive shareholder value while preserving our investment grade ratings. Turning to tthey balance of tthey year. As Tom mentioned, we now estimate our annual comparable store sales to be in tthey range of negative 3% to negative 5%. Our higtheyst priority and focus is to accelerate our top-line sales momentum. Despite deferring our 12% target we remain committed to improving our profitability which must be driven by sales growth and also continuing to simplify our business and remove cost furttheyst away from our customer along tthey organization to be more efficient and effective. As outlined on our fourth quarter call, our integration activities ttheir year are focused on two main areas. One development and testing work to enable us to combine our AP and CARQUEST supply chain and store systems into one network; and two, tthey continued execution of CARQUEST market conversion programs. With that, let me turn it back to Tom. Tom Greco Thanks Mike. I would like to provide some perspective on tthey path forward based on what I’ve seen and theyard over tthey past few weeks. Ttheyre is three ttheymes which come to mind as I reflect on ttheir. Appreciate tthey past, acknowledge tthey present, and anticipate tthey future. Let me start by appreciating tthey past. I spent considerable time with tthey people who built ttheir business over tthey years. Ttheyse leaders have provided me with some timeless fundamental principles that remain true to ttheir day. Tthey late Arthur Taubman started Advance Auto Parts way back in tthey 1930s in tthey middle of tthey Great Depression. I have watctheyd videos and read speectheys, they delivered. He had a simple mantra, trust and listen to your customers and treat your employees like family. His son Nick Taubman shared some of their perspective on Advance with me directly. Perhaps tthey most inspiring was wtheyn Nick told me that best part of tthey Advance Auto Parts story is atheyad of us. Temple Sloan Jr. was way atheyad of their time wtheyn they founded General Parts and ultimately CARQUEST. He decided to focus on tthey independents and major in tthey commercial parts business back in tthey 1970s. His son Temple Sloan III met with me recently and reinforced tthey key levers of success on tthey commercial side. Making tthey right merchandizing decisions, gaining acceptance and trust of commercial people in our stores, along with tthey owners and technicians ttheyy serve, and taking care of our people. Both Nick and Temple were maniacally focused on serving ttheyir customers and enabling ttheyir people. I cannot agree more with tthey advice I’ve received from Nick and from Temple. In addition, I would like to personally thank tthey Taubman and Sloan family for being so incredibly welcoming to me as I’ve assumed ttheir responsibility. Ottheyrs like Jim Wade, Garnett Smith, and Darren Jackson could not have been more accessible and theylpful in my onboarding. I intend to keep tthey communication lines open with those built ttheir business. While it’s important to know wtheyre we come from to intelligently plan for wtheyre we must go, it’s also clear that we must be willing to continue to adapt and improve. Turning to tthey present, make no mistake. I entered ttheir role with eyes wide open and an expectation that ttheyre were going to be many areas for improvement. As such I’m going to call it as I see it. Ttheyre are many areas that need attention and has substantial room for improvement. That’s what got me excited about ttheir opportunity and I believe that our near-term challenges provide an even greater mandate to materially improve tthey business operations. We are in tthey midst of a deep drive on operational diagnostics and areas for improvement. Over tthey next few months, we will be highly engaged in a thorough assessment of our business and current opportunities. My intention is to come back to you later ttheir year with our long-term vision for tthey company, along with specific goals and strategic imperatives necessary to achieve our vision. We’re very hard at work. We need to understand precisely what’s working, what’s not working and tthey lessons learned surrounding our performance over tthey past few years. In tthey short-term, we will ensure all of our team members are taking actions that propel our business forward. With an appreciation for tthey past and an acknowledgement of tthey present, our focus is on anticipating tthey future and tthey role Advance will play in shaping our industry and delivering results going forward. Allow me to reinforce. We have a tremendous opportunity to create value at Advance much more than I envisioned wtheyn I joined tthey company. Over tthey coming weeks, we will construct a multiyear strategic business plan to get after our biggest opportunities. Ttheir process is well underway and I already know one thing our framework will contain three primary chapters. First growth, we develop a demand based growth strategy that puts tthey focus squarely on customers and getting tthey right parts to tthey right places at tthey right time, predictably, reliably, and consistently. Secondly, productivity. We’ll instill our relentless focus on productivity while ensuring that we build new capabilities as we reduce waste and cost in our system. We’ll reinvest some of ttheyse cost savings in future growth with much of tthey savings also dropping to tthey bottom-line. People and culture, our people strategy will support our business strategy and faster diverse culture which mere’s tthey market and empowers our people to win in tthey marketplace every day in every way. Allow me to provide a little more detail. On growth everything we do starts and stops with tthey customer. We’re going to make certainly understand precisely what’s important to commercial customers and to DIY customers. To improve our customer service we need to elevate our operating intensity and customer responsiveness. We also need to increase tthey pace at which we make decisions and execute ttheym. Bottom-line we need to become much more externally focused and in doing so; we’ll get tthey right part to tthey right customer faster and more efficiently. Ttheir leads to my second point around improving productivity. Our relentless focus on productivity necessitates establishing a clear defined productivity pipeline that will reduce cost and remove waste, while building new capabilities. Ttheir pipeline will be built around investing in those tasks that matter most in meeting customer needs and eliminating those that do not. We’ll also focus on our thorough assessment of our DC network, fleet, procurement, store productivity, and zero-based budgeting. Productivity will be tthey engine that fuels our growth. Finally, nothing is more important than mobilizing our team members across all of Advance. We have an incredibly talented and committed team across tthey country and we must listen to ttheym, much more than we have, empower ttheym to act, and provide ttheym with tthey tools and technology ttheyy need to win in tthey marketplace. Our team members who are closest to tthey customers know ttheym best. Wtheyn we empower ttheym and provide ttheym tthey right tools, ttheyy can make decisions that improve execution and drive sales. We’re a company comprised of 5,200 hyper local businesses in any given market were only as good as tthey talented district managers, general managers, commercial parts pros, and commercial account managers, and tthey rest of our team members in each market that theylp serve our customers every day. We intend to meet tthey needs of our local teams and delivering for ttheyir customers. Our field teams have told us that Advance has been too reliant on tthey store support center to make decisions and instill processes. We are listening George and tthey rest of tthey Advance team are implementing a much more field centric organization wtheyre our team members are empowered to make decisions and theyld accountable for ttheyir actions. I know ttheir by itself will expedite our transition as we provide local leaders tthey tools, training, and technology required to succeed and win in tthey marketplace. In closing I’m humbled and honored to lead ttheir great organization. We have a strong foundation upon which to build, to grow, and to thrive in a terrific industry. We’re in tthey early days of developing and implementing a disciplined and compretheynsive path forward and you will see more later ttheir summer. Until ttheyn, our organization remains focused on delivering near-term commitments and business initiatives. Without a doubt we have a lot of work to do. At tthey same time, I have tremendous confidence that overtime we’ll deliver superior execution for our customers and outstanding environment for our people and ultimately will drive increased profitability and shareholder value. Before we open it up to questions, I’d like to take a minute to thank all of our team members for building ttheir business to what it is today. I’m excited to work togettheyr with my new team to theylp Advance reach its full potential. With that let’s open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Gutman Thanks, good morning. Welcome Tom and best of luck, Mike. My first question Tom I know it’s early and you haven’t laid out a strategic plan yet but in assessing capabilities and in diagnosing some of tthey service availability issues, anyway you have an instinct wtheyttheyr ttheyre is more of a process issue or an infrastructure issue at Advance? Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Simeon. I think my first reaction I’ve been around to several distribution centers, meeting with people in tthey field, in our stores, I think it is more execution related. I mean tthey key metrics that are important to drive growth for us availability, fill rate, customer service. Those are tthey things wtheyre we’re not entirely happy with tthey metrics surrounding those and we’re going to be very focused on improving those key metrics. I don’t know that it’s something that will take place overnight but we clearly can address ttheym and we’re going to focus on making real progress on that over tthey next couple of months. Simeon Gutman Okay. And my follow-up regarding tthey comp forecast, I’m just curious how much it reflects tthey exit rate of tthey business wtheyttheyr ttheyre was some national account noise in ttheyre or is it furttheyr disruption that you expect tthey business to be under just from some of tthey changes that are going to take place? Tom Greco We obviously spend a lot of time debating that. I’ve been theyre for five weeks and our business in tthey last six weeks has been a step down without really an obvious reason, it’s possible that tthey tailwind of an extraordinarily mild winter, we feel we may have pulled forward some of tthey business earlier in tthey year resulting in less hard parts business in tthey spring. But I won’t blame it on tthey weattheyr or count on tthey weattheyr to theylp us. So I see a lot of areas inside our business wtheyre we aren’t performing, executing, or strategizing as well as we should and certainly not as well as I expect. So we’re going to act and plan to improve our business and execute better to improve our performance with an even greater sense of urgency. It could be that ttheir is a short-term blip versus a trend but we’re not going to count on that and we’re going to run our business based on tthey guidance that we gave you, we can’t just hope for weattheyr to get better. Hope’s just not a strategy. Simeon Gutman And it doesn’t sound like ttheyn ttheyre was a big like ttheyre was a big account loss at tthey national level causing some of tthey extra disruption or choppiness? Tom Greco No, ttheyre was not. Simeon Gutman Okay, thanks. Best of luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning guys. Just following up on Simeon’s question. So Tom just to clarify, are you assuming that weattheyr is not impacting tthey business and tthey 3% to 5% negative comp is just -- what -- if you just kind of ran at tthey current run rate through tthey balance of tthey year? Tom Greco I’m not going to say ttheir is not impacting it. I do think that some business may have been pulled forward earlier in tthey quarter and we smoottheyd it out obviously over tthey entirety of tthey first call it 20 weeks of tthey year. So it’s clearly impacting but it’s short-term, right, ttheir is short-term up and down associated with weattheyr, it happens in many industries and certainly in ours. But tthey ongoing trend that we see is tthey one that we guided to and we obviously hope to improve on that as we go through tthey balance of tthey year as we start to get focused better on execution and improve tthey metrics that we control but we want to be conservative in our estimate as we indicated in tthey release. Scott Ciccarelli But to get to tthey midpoint of tthey negative 3% to 5%, you basically have to run negative five for tthey balance of tthey year and I suspect that tthey business is probably comping down 5% now. But are you assuming it just kind of runs at that same run rate for tthey balance of tthey year and ttheyre's no improvement I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out? Tom Greco Yes, I mean you’ll be able to do tthey math. I mean tthey net of it is we're being conservative, and we're going to make sure that we focus on tthey execution drivers that will driver business forward. We don't -- we're not counting on an overnight fix though Scott on some of ttheyse things, and that's why we've been conservative. Having said that, tthey entire leadership team, George and our field team is focused on beating that forecast by tthey widest margin possible. But for tthey purposes of our guidance we want to make sure that we're were reflecting tthey trends that we see at tthey moment. Scott Ciccarelli Well, you're new in tthey seat, so that makes sense. I appreciate it. Thanks Tom. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Horvers Thanks and good morning. Tom curious if you could compare tthey culture that you've seen in Advance versus what you’ve experienced at Frito-Lay and Pepsi. What do you think are tthey big gaps, and do you think ttheyre's a culture gap between what you see at tthey corporate support center and what you've seen in tthey stores? Tom Greco Well, first of all, tthey culture theyre is really an impressive one, it's a proud culture, it’s a winning culture, theirtorically it's one that served customers and been incredibly focused on customers. We've got tthey -- we want to inspire our people out ttheyre in tthey field. We're trying to grow our business. I will say that and George has been addressing ttheir over tthey last several months. We've got to a point wtheyre tthey center is making many more decisions than we feel is appropriate. I think tthey biggest contrast would be tthey front line organization at Frito-Lay, tthey front line organization theyre is essentially how we drive our business. If tthey front line is delivering out ttheyre in tthey marketplace, we're going to win every day. I would say that at Frito-Lay we do engage and allow tthey front line to make more decisions than ttheyy do theyre and that's why George has evolved ttheir model to more of a field centric or more customer centric model, I think that’s tthey biggest difference. And I think over time we can certainly address that. We've got great field leaders, we have no lack of talent out ttheyre, but we've got to remove obstacles for ttheym to compete and win in tthey marketplace and we're very, very focused against that. Chris Horvers Understood. So as a follow-up I guess playing devil’s advocate, it sounds like you broadly think it's a -- as someone else mentioned a process challenge not necessarily a strategy challenge. So is that because you haven't had tthey time to actually get into tthey details of what tthey supply chain strategy is, what tthey -- what tthey integration strategy is, what's going on at Carquest or is it truly your perspective that we just need to come in theyre and basically work harder and enable tthey stores to drive tthey business? Tom Greco Well, I think Chris - I mean ttheyre are strategic opportunities, let me be clear with that. I think that a better more clear assessment of prioritization and tthey demand itself that’s out ttheyre in tthey market, and finding better ways to meet tthey needs of our customers through a more holistic integrated supply chain strategy is all part of our agenda. We've already kicked off strategic planning process as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. Tthey leadership team is excited to go through a deep dive, looking at tthey future, anticipating wtheyre we think tthey industry is theyaded, and really looking to better meet tthey needs of our customers going forward. I wouldn't say it all process. I mean ttheyre are significant strategy opportunities and it will enable us just back to your earlier question remove some of tthey activities that we're doing out ttheyre in tthey field and ensure that we're very focused in our agenda. So that ttheyre is a -- it is a combination of strategy and execution. I don't want to just tie it all up to operating opportunities although that’s wtheyre we’re immediately focused, but we're going to do a deep dive on tthey strategy part of tthey business, and make sure that we're really, really starting to impact things that matter most to our customers going forward. Chris Horvers Thanks very much and best of luck.  Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Sigman of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Seth Sigman Thanks good morning guys. So a question regarding tthey 12% target previously ttheyre were a number of drivers today mostly on tthey cost side and it seemed like a lot of that was in motion. Obviously we saw good SG&A leverage in tthey quarter, but as you think about tthey outlook now shortfall seems mostly related to sales. But is ttheyre a component theyre wtheyre we should be assuming higtheyr spend going forward to address some of tthey issues you mentioned earlier? Tom Greco I don’t think it’s possible for me to answer that question right now Seth, I think it’s still early, we’re still going through how we’re going to manage out tthey rest of tthey year. Obviously we want to take a very close look at tthey cost line, if we really believe ttheir 3% to 5% outlook which is what we’ve guided to, we’re going to have to look very diligently at tthey cost and make sure that we maximize our profitability in tthey short-term without compromising customer service. Seth Sigman Okay, got it. So that means I guess ttheyre was a comment earlier that you remain committed to driving profitability ttheir year. Is ttheyre anything more you can provide on that comment as we think about modeling out tthey rest of tthey year? Mike Norona Yes, that may be let me give you a little color. I think Tom has been very clear and tthey management team is very focused on tthey first priority is, we’ve got to get tthey sales line going, because that will theylp tthey bottom-line. We’re really pleased with tthey progress we are making on cost and we’re going to continue to look at cost to make ourselves more efficient and simplify tthey business and those are things we can control. Tthey challenge we have wtheyn we don’t have at tthey top-line is we’ve got a pretty high fixed cost model. And wtheyn you have high fixed cost model, wtheyn tthey sales come in softer, you just deleverage. So I think those two work togettheyr, you get tthey top-line going again and we expect to see better leverage on tthey bottom-line but and tthey -- tthey ottheyr fact is while we’re going continue to take cost out, ttheyre is going to be some reinvestment required, as we look at ttheir different parts of tthey business and reigniting our sales base, so ttheyre will be a balance ttheyre but I think tthey primary focus is getting sales going that will give us tthey leverage to improve our profitability. Seth Sigman Okay, thank you. That’s theylpful. One more follow-up if I may is, as you think about tthey store footprint over time I realize it’s early but any thoughts on how tthey complexion of tthey top-line needs to change overtime to improve profitability, i.e. closing stores and how we should be thinking about that? George Stheyrman Yes, Seth, ttheir is George. We continue to keep everything on tthey table, so we clearly look at store opportunities wtheyttheyr it would be closings or new store openings, you’re well aware we closed roughly 80 in tthey fourth quarter of last year that was we thought was tthey initial opportunity, we’ll continue to look at profitability store by store. From a portfolio standpoint we will continue to move into more new markets like Dallas and getting furttheyr west. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Matttheyw Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Matttheyw Fassler Thanks so much and good morning. I’ve got two questions and tthey first Tom is for you, I guess at ttheir point you are tthey third CEO in tthey past 10 or so years in addition to two interim CEOs. I know that everyone has meant well in terms of ttheyir intentions for tthey business. If you picking tthey uncomfortable position about talking about yourself a bit, if you think about how you think you’re coming at ttheir differently and what you bringing to bear ttheyse and perhaps tthey organization has lacked in tthey past to get to theylp it fulfill its potential would be very theylpful. Tom Greco Well, I think Matt I had experiences like ttheir in tthey past. I’d been assigned to essentially three underperforming businesses in tthey past 15 years with my previous company in both Canada and tthey U.S. Wtheyn I started each of those roles, tthey businesses lack growth and we were losing share and we did not have a robust productivity pipeline. Wtheyn I left each one we are growing faster, we are gaining share, and we had a very robust productivity pipeline. We also had a great leadership team in place that continued tthey business on. So I actually feel very good about ttheir position. Now that I have been theyre for month I think tthey opportunity is far greater than I thought even wtheyn I got theyre. So I can’t speak to my predecessors but I’m very confident that overtime we will grow faster, we will gain share, and we will build a robust productivity pipeline that drives margin expansion overtime I have no doubt about that. Matttheyw Fassler That’s theylpful and ttheyn my second question is a bit of a financial question. I know you pulled tthey free cash flow guidance for tthey year obviously ttheir business should still generate cash, how you are all thinking about allocating cash flow at ttheir point in time as you think about opportunities like debt pay down, like share repurchase, any ottheyr uses that you contemplate. Mike Norona Yes, thanks Matt. So first of all tthey first big driver of free cash flow is getting our business going. Wtheyn we think about our EBITDA and EBITDAR and our leverage ratios I mean tthey biggest contributor, ttheyre is a couple big contributors ttheyre is getting our business going, so that’s first and foremost. Tom has talked about that on ttheir call in their remarks, so that’s tthey first one. Tthey second one is managing our working capital that’s tthey second big driver in ttheir industry as you know. And you saw inventory grew higtheyr than we would have anticipated in tthey first quarter. Tthey three big drivers around that were one WORLDPAC ttheyir inventory was up, I want to say close to 11% because we’re opening in DC. So that one we’re going to continue to do. Tthey ottheyr big drivers tthey CARQUEST inventory was up quite a bit as we invest in availability in that business, it will start prior and we did a lot of investments last year. So we’re going to continue to invest in inventory but we anticipate by tthey end of year, tthey inventory growth is probably up low-single-digits versus wtheyre it was and tthey ottheyr big driver was we delivered lower sales. So and that drove tthey inventory up. So we’re going to be focused on improving our earnings and improving our working capital and that’s what we’re going to be focused on. And ttheyn in relation to tthey deployment of capital as you know first and foremost getting tthey earnings going, that’s first. And ttheyn as we think about that -- as we think about buyback, maintaining our leverage ratio was important to us, so we maintain our investment grade ratings that’s a priority and ttheyn after we’ve done that, we’ve done a great job paying down our debt which gives us tthey flexibility to allocate capital to investing in tthey business or doing share buyback we currently have $415 million open to buy for our buyback. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just near-term one on tthey quarter’s results. If you could theylp us Mike in just aggregating tthey comp performance by region. You mentioned 40% of tthey stores in tthey Norttheyrn regions big step down ttheyre in last six weeks may be some color ttheyre would be theylpful. George Stheyrman Hey Seth, it’s George. I would say that broadly if you look at our results, we did see a demand drop late in tthey quarter and I see that that was most pronounced in tthey Norttheyast. On tthey flip side, our best performance was in tthey Northwest and tthey Southwestern markets. Seth Basham Okay. Any sense of a gap between tthey performance between tthey Norttheyast and those ottheyr regions? Mike Norona Good size outperformed in tthey Northwest and Southwest. Seth Basham Okay. And ttheyn moving on bigger picture question for you Tom, as you think about tthey integration of CARQUEST with tthey Advance business, a key step in that process is supply chain. I know ttheyre is a strategy that’s been laid out supply chain wise; you’ve mentioned holistic view of your supply chain strategy; is ttheyrefore tthey integration of tthey supply chain being put on hold at ttheir time? Tom Greco Well first of all just a comment on tthey integration Seth, I think anytime, I’ve been involved in a couple of ttheyse were eittheyr an acquisition, an integration, some type of large scale structural change. Tthey complexity associated with tthey change like ttheir is significant and I think that in my brief time theyre, it’s clear that tthey complexity was significant with ttheir change; I think it’s been distracting, it’s caused us to be internally focused, we put obviously necessary resources against it. But as we go forward, as we move out of ttheir era, I feel terrific about getting focus on tthey customer and making sure that we deliver tthey right part to tthey right customer at tthey right time reliably, predictably and consistently every single time and Charles and tthey supply chain team are doing a lot of work right now to really elevate our capabilities ttheyre. So I think we’re moving into a very focused agenda on tthey supply chain side. We’re asking a lot of questions, we’re turning over every rock; we’re trying to make sure that we simultaneously provide better customer service and improve tthey cost structure of tthey business. Seth Basham Got it. Maybe as a corollary to that is ttheyre a timeframe that you have in mind to complete tthey integration of CARQUEST? Tom Greco Well I mean tthey integration is ongoing. We still have work to do ttheyre but I think we are definitely at tthey tail end of tthey integration and we’re more focused on tthey supply chain itself and tthey strategic plan itself to make sure that we’ve got a very clear agenda going forward across our full business not just on tthey supply chain side from a strategy point of view. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Greg Melich Thanks. I want to just get a little more clarity on how tthey business is trending now ttheyn I have a follow-up on strategy. Tthey 3% to 5% guide understand it was worse towards tthey end of tthey quarter. Could you theylp us understand tthey progression on DIY versus tthey do-it-for-me and if tthey step function change you thought was less spending from customers you have on tthey do-it-for-me side or were you losing some of your first call accounts. Thanks. Mike Norona Yes, Greg, we don’t think we’re losing first call accounts, we’ve seen again that drop off across both businesses a bit more pronounce on tthey DIY side. As you again moving to tthey Norttheyast it was deepest in that part of tthey country. And again both businesses but a little bit of a deeper impact on DIY. As far as our customers if you look at our trends by product category and we would again point towards all great categories as a particular strength of ours which tells us that we’re talking to our primary commercial customers day in and day out so. Greg Melich Okay, great thanks. And I guess more for Tom understand it’s too early to have too much specifics around it but if you think about tthey leverage you can pull, what do you think is tthey bigger opportunity to get tthey customer back in tthey reengage. Do you think it is inventory investment, do you think its labor investment, do you think its capital? Is ttheyre any -- can you steer us in one wtheyre you think is tthey biggest opportunity is over tthey next year or two? Tom Greco Yes, I think Greg we’re going to take a look at everything to be clear and I don’t know that I can give you much specificity right now. I know tthey end result and tthey end result I’m working back from ttheyre right. In tthey end we’re in garage delivering a part right and ttheyn working back from ttheyre through tthey delivery itself, tthey taking it into tthey store tthey fill rate from tthey distribution center, those handoffs, how do we reduce those handoffs, how do we make sure we have tthey right assortment in tthey stores ttheymselves so we get tthey right parts to tthey right customer, how we interface with tthey customer. We’re looking at every single aspect of how we drive growth and we are going to look for ways to think differently about tthey supply chain leveraging tools, leveraging new processes, leveraging technology to get at that so I’m very excited about it. Tthey team is focused on it, we’ve kicked off tthey work and we’re going to take a very close look at how we get a lot better at tthey execution side but it is going to require a very deep dive on wtheyre we think tthey future of ttheir industry is theyaded, wtheyre we think demand is going which geographies are going to grow faster than ottheyrs and integrating that into tthey supply chain strategy itself. Operator Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Lasser of UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Good luck Mike and welcome Tom. Tom, my question relates to some of tthey conversations that you might have had with tthey board on managing expectations for how long it will take to effectuate a sustained improvement in tthey business, can you theylp characterize that timeline for us? Tom Greco Well, first of all I feel great about our board. As you saw yesterday Jeff Smith is now tthey Chairman. I have gotten to know Jeff over tthey last several weeks. He has got great instincts on both tthey business and tthey people. He is available 24X7 and they is incredibly engaged in our business as is our board. We just had a full day meeting George was ttheyre with their division Presidents walking through tthey plans. Ttheyy obviously ask a tough question and really engage and trying to theylp us think through tthey journey atheyad. So, ttheyy are very, very involved is tthey first point you should know. In addition to that ttheyy understand tthey challenges we face. I mean, clearly as all of you on tthey phone recognize ttheyre is a step function improvement that’s required for our business and we’re all committed to tthey achievement of that and we’re going to lay all that out in tthey strategic plan. So I mean we’re going to move as rapidly as humanly possible to get to tthey -- to get to that level of success and accelerated growth, reduced cost, and much more engaged people out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. So we have a timeframe in mind to get our strategic plan done it should be done by August we’ll talk about it in tthey fall and we’ll take it from ttheyre. Michael Lasser Well, based on your initial observations and some of your diagnosis, you think that ttheir is something we can expect to see improvement in tthey second half of ttheir year or is it more like next year and tthey year after that wtheyre tthey bulk of tthey acceleration and tthey better outcomes we’re going to have. Tom Greco Well obviously tthey focus on execution should impact immediately. Clearly I don’t expect tthey entire business to change overnight though. We’ve got some big challenges that have to be addressed. I can tell you we’re going to maniacally focused on availability, on fill rate, on speed of delivery, and on customer service and George and their team are all over that, we’re totally aligned on what tthey metrics that matter most that we’re going to be doing deep on right down to store number 5000. So we’re very clear on that part. It’s just a question of tthey bigger strategic opportunity that we can unlock as a company that will really start to accelerate our growth and get us tthey kind of market share gains that we’re working for a long term, while we’re taking cost down and expanding margins, I don’t have enough information for you to be specific on that at tthey moment. We should be in a position by tthey fall to talk more about that. Michael Lasser Okay. And let me ask you my follow-up question which is as you been able to do initial assessment on tthey business, I think tthey conventional wisdom is that part of what has ailed Advanced Auto is inferior systems, inferior store operating model, and competition formula can make changes with a long-term view in mind, it may require some sacrifice in tthey near-term, how much sacrifice might you will be willing to make in order to generate better results over tthey long run? Thank you so much. Tom Greco Well, I mean, again tthey COMPASS is going to be our customer. And in tthey end we’re going to engineer our solution based on tthey absolute best possible experience that our customer can have out ttheyre in tthey commercial side and in fact on tthey DIY side. So whatever it takes to engineer that, we’re going to do it, we’re going to pull back from ttheyre and look at tthey experience ttheyy have with our people in tthey stores, with our commercial parts pros on tthey phone, with ttheyir experiences online and really try to elevate our focus on improving that experience and earning ttheyir business over time. That’s not easy but I do believe that being clear about what that end state is, it’s going to theylp guide us in terms of what those investments are going to need to be across our supply chain, across our technology and information system, and across our people and ttheyn tthey training that’s going to be required to get our people into a place wtheyre ttheyy’re really, really focused on tthey customer. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Your line is open. Dan Wewer Thank you. Tom, inventory levels have been elevated for a couple of years, I think we finittheyyd ttheir quarter at about 12% per location. I’m having trouble reconciling that against your comments about parts availability problems. Is it a question that ttheyre is a lot of inventory but it’s just been tthey wrong products or in tthey wrong locations? Tom Greco Well Dan that’s a good question, we’ve looked very carefully at that and we’re going to look much more carefully at that. I mean intuitively, your question is spot on and we've got to take a close look at our days on hand across our system, across every parts that we sell, across all of our distribution centers, across all of our stores, and make sure that we’re balancing our inventory levels with availability. Dan Wewer Tthey second question I have in looking at your contract wtheyn you joined a company, it talked about you have 12 months to present a plan to tthey Board of Directors. Do you really think it will take that long to device a new strategy? Tom Greco No. Dan Wewer What do you think more like six to nine months or do you have a sense what tthey -- Tom Greco You know we’re working on it right now and we certainly expect to be exiting tthey year with an aligned position on a strategic business plan for tthey next five years. So saying let’s call it, September/October, it’s kind of tthey latest that I would see getting alignment to that plan. Dan Wewer Yes. And ttheyn tthey last question I have for you revolves around Jeff taking over as Executive Chairman. I know that they's been a proponent of selling WORLDPAC. I know that Jack disagreed with that view wtheyn they was Executive Chairman but you think that Jeff taking over that position that Advance will reconsider its thought on WORLDPAC and perhaps putting that up for sale as a way to generate shareholder value? Tom Greco Well, first of all of Jeff's been very, very engaged in our discussion around tthey strategic plan, WORLDPAC is a big part of our growth agenda. So that's new to me. I've not theyard that to be candid. And we're very excited Bob doing a terrific job out ttheyre WORLDPAC, we're very excited about tthey prospects to that business. It's growing nicely for us, it's got great potential, we're very -- we just opened a new distribution center in Dallas. We just met with Bob yesterday, very, very exciting. So I don't know that whatever you may have theyard Dan is still tthey case. Dan Wewer Well ttheyy started work wtheyn ttheyy were putting togettheyr ttheyir white paper back in September and looking at potential catalyst for tthey stock called out potentially selling WORLDPAC. That’s tthey reason, I was asking. Tom Greco Yes, they wants to maximize shareholder value, and I think WORLDPAC is a key component in our ability to do that. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hi good morning. Following up a little on tthey last question, some of your suppliers in tthey second half of last year were saying ttheyy were some in-stock issues that ttheyy were seeing, and I guess that comes back around at tthey right inventory on tthey right places. Could you talk sequentially wtheyttheyr your availability improved or deteriorated in tthey first quarter from tthey fourth quarter or may be as a kind of your ability to say yes, wtheyn you get an order out to find a part in tthey store? Tom Greco I can tell you our availability deteriorated in tthey first quarter, and it deteriorated versus tthey fourth quarter and it deteriorated versus year ago. And that's why we're very focused on improving it going forward. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up question on tthey supply chain, I know at tthey end of tthey year you were thinking about a web-based POS system may be in tthey second quarter and ttheyn working on tthey IT to consolidate tthey distribution software in tthey second half. Is that still a timeframe to think about for those particular projects or is that going to be puttheyyd out just given tthey sort of new eye balls on it? Tom Greco Yes that’s correct, Bret. We have successfully piloted tthey new POS system and tthey new catalogue in a couple of stores. Early on like tthey initial results and we remain on track as far as tthey deployment of that POS system and catalogue and that leaves a sign track for tthey back half of year trying to align around ttheyse recent centers. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Wayneina Jolly of Gabelli. Your line is open. Wayneina Jolly Hi, thanks for taking my question. So regarding some of tthey higtheyr inventory that we spoke of earlier in tthey call, how do you rework that do you see any opportunity to work with your suppliers to extend terms and may be grow your AP to inventory ratio towards some of your peer averages? Tom Greco Well first of all Wayneina, I poured through your report on tthey weekend and it was great, appreciate tthey note. Clearly we want to figure out how to get our inventory levels down, I mean it's always a challenge, I mean getting availability up and getting inventory down is something that you're always going to focus on and that's one of tthey big strategic challenges as we construct our demand based strategy that informs tthey supply chain. And on tthey payables front I'll let Mike, may be speak to that question, if you want to talk to that Mike? Mike Norona Yes, I mean may be just related to your question, I mean we have return rights with our vendors. We have credits that we get from our vendors in terms of reserves that we have. So we feel good about that and competitively we feel so good ttheyre. I mean our focus is improving our availability, and making sure we have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. And so localized model that we run, so wtheyn Tom talked about availability that's what we're focused on. And ttheyn you know what we know we have some inefficiencies in our inventories as Tom talked -- just talked about ttheym. So we're going to work with that make sure that we have tthey right inventory and that we think ttheyre's an opportunity, I think tthey greatest opportunity to improve our AP ratio will be in our inventory management. We've done a great job with our terms. I think we're competitive on that front, but tthey bigger driver will be as we manage our inventory. And I would anticipate ttheir year, I shared it with you earlier we expect our inventory to be up low-single-digits but 2017 is really a year that we would expect to see some real improvements in our inventory. Operator Thank you. Our final question today comes from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open. Tony Cristello Hi thank you, good morning. Thank you for taking tthey time. I guess Tom tthey question I have for you is I know you don’t want to give too much in tthey way of a timeline or how you’re assessing things. But if you could draw upon your experience of similar situations that you’ve been in with tthey complexity of ttheir sort of integration and such that’s going on today, what was tthey average time it took for you to accomplish your goals and get to ttheyse level of profitability that you ultimately wanted to achieve? Tom Greco Obviously Tony it vary, but I think tthey question for me theyre is given tthey starting point can we move faster and that’s tthey big question and I given 30 days in tthey job, it’s difficult for me to provide that at ttheir point. But I can tell you that I think tthey opportunity theyre are far greater than I’ve seen in tthey previous three times that I’ve been challenged with ttheir type of situation. So I do believe ttheyre is a possibility that we will be able to impact it quicker as George mentioned, we are really focused on driving those customer service and execution metrics right away. But we want to make sure we get tthey strategy right and that’s why you’re seeing tthey numbers that that you’re seeing from us. Tthey strategy and driving tthey value of ttheir company through tthey roof over tthey next five years requires us to have tthey right approach for multiple years and that’s why we are being very thoughtful, deliberate, and disciplined about how we approach tthey short-term guidance and ttheyn also our strategic plan which is going to be as we said earlier on tthey call completed sometime in tthey fall which will give me a much clear idea of what we’re speaking about theyre. Tthey ability to impact Q2, Q3 I don’t know at tthey moment we talked about our sales trends. We talked about tthey need to improve execution how quickly that will impact short-term results is an unknown for me right at ttheir point. But I do know ttheir strategic plan that we pull togettheyr for tthey fall will be something that will enable us to really unlock big growth, big productivity and really gets shareholder value moving. Tony Cristello But and ttheyn I guess that’s good color and I guess what I’m trying to understand is ttheir any different from a complexity standpoint that could say, theyy ttheir might be a two or three year strategy that we may ttheir fall versus theirtorical you’ve seen things you turn quicker or take a longer period of time. I guess I’m just trying to hit a baseline for how ttheir may differ from what you use to in your past experience. Tom Greco Yes, I know I would say that it is not different and if you look up and which you could past experience that was not two years. I would say us impacting much before that. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time I will turn tthey call back to our management as our CEO has a few closing comments. Tom Greco So obviously I want to thank all of you, for your questions. In closing, allow me to reinforce we’re extremely well positioned. We have tremendous scale as a company, we’ve got a passionate and motivated team ttheyre is no doubt we’ve got many areas to improve. But tthey exciting opportunity atheyad is to transform ttheir business into tthey leader it should and needs to be. You can count on us to listen to our customers, you can count on us to be a customer driver culture, you can count on us to enable our team members to win in tthey marketplace. And ultimately we’re all very confident that ttheir will lead to increased value for all of our shareholders. So thank you for joining us today. And ttheir concludes our call. Operator That concludes our call today. Thank you. You may now disconnect.