Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - IR George Stheyrman - President and Interim CEO Mike Norona - CFO Analysts Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Michael Lasser - UBS Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Dan Wewer - Raymond James Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Matttheyw Fassler - Goldman Sachs Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Co Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our fourth quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by George Stheyrman, our President and Interim CEO; and Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable or adjusted basis to exclude impacts of cost in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and tthey recurring amortization of General Parts’ intangible assets. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now let me turn tthey call over to George, our Chief Executive Officer. George? George Stheyrman Thanks, Zatheyed and good morning, everyone. We will take a different approach on today's call. First Mike and I will briefly address fourth quarter performance. Ttheyn I will share my perspective regarding our outlook and how we plan to drive improved execution and results going forward. We will leave plenty of time at tthey end for your questions. Let me get right into it. Mike will address our fourth quarter results in more detail in a moment, but at a high level our worse than expected top line performance reflected both tthey negative impact of warmer weattheyr and tthey continued impact of our efforts to move quickly to capture efficiencies through integration which inadvertently led to disruption in servicing our customers and supporting our stores. Ttheir combination of factors resulted in negative comparable sales of 2.5%. We are not satisfied with ttheyse results. We have, however, made considerable progress and believe many of tthey major execution challenges are behind us. That being said, we still have work to do to drive efficiency across tthey company. As I said, we have made progress and let me be clear that we fully understand that we are in improvement mode. Several big parts of integration are now completed including corporate consolidations, tthey integration of our field teams and pricing alignment work. In addition, we have completed tthey first major trancthey of tthey CARQUEST market conversions and substantially all of our product alignment work. We also made significant progress in our cost cutting initiatives in 2015 delivering over $50 million in incremental cost synergy savings and driving efficiency by closing approximately 80 underperforming stores. Through actions to-date we have mitigated tthey disruption caused by integration work and we are moving atheyad with our plans to deliver improved and more consistent performance. Going forward, we will focus on continuing tthey CARQUEST market conversion program and building on our prior success which has enabled us to deliver mid single-digit comps across multiple markets wtheyre conversions have only taken place. We're also doing tthey work to align our supply chain and stores systems. As we exit 2015, we begin to see improvement in our store level availability. In tthey field, our teams are refocusing in our base business and away from tthey integration efforts that dominated much of 2015. We are clear eyed about tthey work that lies atheyad, but confident in our ability to enhance our efficiency, performance and profitability. In a few moments, I will talk about our plans to implement more field-centric organization, drive additional cost reductions and relentlessly pursue opportunities to increase efficiency across our operations. But first let me turn it over to Mike to provide some brief context on tthey quarter. Mike? Mike Norona Thanks, George, and good morning everyone. We delivered comparable cash EPS of $1.22 for tthey fourth quarter despite tthey softer than expected sales. Ttheir result included a $0.03 hit from foreign currency and a $0.03 benefit from tthey incremental synergy realization. Fourth quarter net sales declined 2.6% with comparable sales down 2.5%. Comparable store sales were negatively impacted by approximately 90 basis points due to tthey timing of tthey New Year's day holiday which was in our 53rd week last year and 46 basis points of negative foreign currency impact partially offset by favorable impact from our CARQUEST store consolidations. Tthey unseasonably warm start to tthey winter impacted both our commercial and DIY businesses particularly in batteries and cold weattheyr related hard parts categories such as starters, alternators and related products. With fewer customers seeking cold weattheyr products ttheir also resulted in lower add-on sales. Partially offsetting ttheir performance was continued strong results in our brake business across both our commercial and DIY businesses. In our commercial business, performance was primarily driven by mid single digit sales declines in our Great Lakes and Plains cold weattheyr markets while tthey mid-South and Souttheyast fared better. Tthey softness in seasonal category sales was partially offset by a modest increase in our commercial ticket size and tthey strength I noted in our brake business. Nonettheyless, we continue to expand our customer base with our national accounts business growing in tthey mid-single digits and TECHNET, which partners with independent repair shops adding 600 new members in tthey quarter. Within DIY strong brake results only partially offset tthey softness in battery and battery accessory sales as well as ottheyr winter seasonal categories resulting in a sequential decline. Despite tthey softness, we continue to expand our Speed Perks program which now has over 10 million members and will be an important driver of our ability to increase customer loyalty going forward. Our gross profit rate decline of 15 basis points was primarily tthey result of supply chain expense deleverage due to tthey comparable store sales decline partially offset by lower shrink expenses. Our fourth quarter comparable SG&A rate increased 33 basis points year-over-year primarily due to tthey expense deleverage from tthey comp store sales decline partially offset by our continued cost reduction initiatives and disciplined efforts to lower administrative and support cost. All in, fourth quarter operating income on a comparable basis decreased 8.2% to $157.6 million and a comparable operating margin decreased 48 basis points over tthey same period last year to 7.7%. Free cash flow for 2015 was $454.9 million versus $480.5 million last year driven by a decrease in our AP ratio to 76.7% versus 78.6% last year. Ttheir decrease was principally driven by transitional inventory growth resulting from our product integration work, tthey CARQUEST consolidations work and tthey growth in tthey Worldpac branctheys. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet and leverage, adjusted debt to EBITDAR was 2.5 times at year end. During tthey quarter we have paid $80 million in debt and remained at or below our maximum stated leverage ratio of 2.5 times. We are committed to preserving a balanced and disciplined approach to capital application to drive shareholder value while maintaining our investment-grade ratings. We remain focused on taking tthey actions required to achieve our 12% adjusted operating income margin target. To reach ttheir objective we will deliver improved gross margins and reduce cost by approximately 100 basis points through a combination of G&A reductions and improved store productivity. Ttheir includes capturing tthey remaining $50 million of our previously disclosed $160 million in cost synergies. Before I turn it back to George, let me touch briefly on tthey remaining integration initiatives we are pursuing in 2016. We're focused on two areas. One, continued execution of CARQUEST market conversion programs and two, development and testing to enable us to combine our AP and CARQUEST supply chain and store systems into one network. We're also pursuing supply chain optimization work including tthey closing of our Sutton, Massachusetts distribution center. In conjunction with ttheyse efforts, we expect to incur additional one-time costs of $75 million to $90 million in 2016 including $65 million to $75 million related to ongoing integration efforts and $10 million to $15 million related to supply chain optimization work. We are pleased with our progress in our CARQUEST conversion markets nearly all of which are experiencing comp increases which average in tthey mid to upper single digits in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir year we plan to execute approximately 350 market conversion projects. In terms of our store network and supply chain projects, we expect to begin in-store system pilots by early quarter two and supply chain pilots in early quarter four. As previously indicated, full-scale rollout is expected to be in 2017. With that, let me turn it back to George to discuss our plans for 2016 and beyond. George? George Stheyrman Thanks, Mike. We have a tremendous platform across commercial and DIY and I am confident in our ability to drive improved profitability and generate increased shareholder value. As I noted at tthey outset, our plans include implementing a more field-centric organization to drive increased customer satisfaction and improved repeat business and revenue while reducing cost and relentless pursuing opportunities to drive additional operational efficiencies We are company made up of approximately 5,300 hyper local businesses. In order to be successful, we must meet tthey needs of our customers at a local level by aggressively empowering our teams to make decisions in ttheyir local markets and providing tthey appropriate operational infrastructure to executive against those decisions. Developing a field-centric system is not a concept, but it’s something that we are in tthey early stages of executing. Ttheyre are three key pillars that underpin our objectives as a field-centric organization. One, providing superior availability to ensure we deliver tthey right part, at tthey right place, at tthey right time. Two, providing tthey right infrastructure to achieve outstanding customer service with flawless execution. And three, providing tthey right tools and incentives to develop focused and inspired teams with tthey desire to win. Let me share a few insights on each. Superior availability, having tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time is essential to winning a great commercial business and also benefits DIY. Because we run approximately 5,300 local commercial businesses, serving tthey customer requires input from and empowerment of local store teams. Trying to manage those 5,300 businesses with central office is both inefficient and ineffective. We are changing that. In order to drive more effective local execution, we are investing to improve inventory coverage to support our stores while simultaneously developing a field-centric process that empowers tthey general managers of tthey stores to make decisions and tailor ttheyir inventories to best serve tthey unique local customer base. We are piloting ttheir process in five regions and while it is very early in tthey program, we are seeing high levels of store engagement and believe it will translate to improved commercial sales over time. Tthey goal is clear, having tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. We will continue to leverage our in-market hub and super-hub stores and expand delivery frequency to stores from our DCs, but we will do so on tthey most efficient basis. We are making sure to rethink our supply chain and delivery frequency by first determining tthey best answer for each store and its customers. [indiscernible] provide tthey best in-stock and availability and ttheyrefore tthey best overall service for our customer. Actively determining tthey optimal goal for tthey stores, we can ttheyn determine tthey most effective and efficiency supply chain delivery process and system. That means wtheyre it will make sense to have daily delivery, we will have it, but daily delivery is not an answer by itself. Delivery sctheyduling is a means to provide tthey stores with what ttheyy need to satisfy tthey customer. Field delivery will not be justified for every store. We are looking at delivery frequency, end market availability, outgoing frequency and evaluating which combination is tthey best local market answer to enable us to serve our customers most effectively. Second, outstanding customer service. We are laser-focused on achieving excellence in commercial through flawless execution. Unlike tthey retail side of tthey business, our interactions with commercial customers take place on a daily basis. We believe we do a great job focusing on commercial and we will naturally build tthey availability and tthey can do attitude in tthey stores will also theylp retail. With average commercial sales of approximately $730,000 per program, we are already among tthey industry leaders, but we can do more as we shift our identity from a retail culture to a commercial focus. We know that as we do a better job servicing our commercial customers, we will ttheyn drive frequency. To be clear, while it will be a commercial-first organization, we will not lose focus on DIY. Commercial is our most significant growth opportunity, but we believe our commercial focus will have synergistic benefits to DIY because tthey same fundamentals apply across tthey businesses. We continue to be focused on growing our Speed Perks membership program and satisfying our DIY customers through our knowledgeable team members in well-placed locations. In 2016, we will be investing to furttheyr develop great commercial field and store teams, deliver focused sales and service execution and scale key programs such as our strategic accounts and membership programs like TECHNET and Pro Rewards. Our third pillar, having focused and aspired team is about inspiring and powering those teams by providing ttheym incentives and support that positions ttheym to win. Our first step is to provide our teams with broader authority as business owners. We are improving our communication approach to support tthey sales organization versus an operational organization. As part of ttheir, I engage directly every quarter with our field organization leadership to address business priorities, yield centric leadership and changes throughout tthey organization in an unfiltered manner. I want to make sure ttheyy theyar directly from me about our goals, expectations and challenges as we develop greater accountability and transparency across tthey organization. In addition, we're positioning our stores to have a simplified and customer focused operating model. We are also working to limit disruptions across tthey system so our store and regions can focus on tthey vital business priorities we have atheyad of us ttheir year. We are also testing new compensation approactheys to support fuel centric ownership mentality. As we execute against ttheyse three pillars we are focused on continuing to drive improvements across tthey organization to deliver profitable growth. Let me clear, but we see opportunities to take cost out to improve efficiency that does not affect tthey customer experience. We will move in an aggressive pace and prioritize our actions accordingly. Ttheir means not only capturing remaining cost saving synergies we highlighted but continuing to look for ottheyr ways to furttheyr reduce costs. It means examining structural changes to optimize our supply chain such that our plans to open a new DC in Nashville Tennessee and close our DC in Souttheyrn Massachusetts. We will continue to focus on improving productivity and profitability across our strong base. We are now applying a higtheyr threshold of performance acceptability to stores and continue to look at all parts of our business to improve returns. We expect to take furttheyr actions to address underperforming assets and unnecessary costs. We will make sure to analyze all customer facing cost saving opportunities with a strong balance towards improving service levels. We are looking at all areas and want to make tthey best decision possible. Ttheir work does not happen overnight but we will follow tthey analysis wtheyre it leads and take tthey appropriate steps to continue to improve performance and drive value. Tthey bottom line is clear, we must drive improved profitability as we grow our topline. Our comps will grow up and our customers can rely in us to get ttheym tthey parts ttheyy want, wtheyn ttheyy want ttheym. We must execute flawlessly for tthey customer by becoming a commercial first business with leading parts availability, great teams and efficient operations. Turning to our outlook for 2016. We expect modest topline growth driven by comparable store sales in tthey low single digits. We also expect to open 65 to 75 new stores including four to six Worldpac branctheys and one new Worldpac distribution center. At tthey same time, we are maintaining tight control over costs and we are laser focused on achieving stated 12% adjusted operating margin goal for 2016, which is not changed. In closing, tthey changes we are making to our organization are both real and substantial. We began to make tthey shift to operating our businesses more locally and will keep advancing that agenda. Our teams know our customers best and ttheyy’re embracing ttheyir new responsibilities as we drive more local decision-making. I've been equally impressed with tthey pace and commitment in which our store support center teams have enthusiastically shifted decision-making. I see tthey responsibility in some cases while accepting greater accountability in ottheyrs with a singular focus on winning tthey market. I'm also encouraged by tthey ability of our organization to learn and adapt. Ensuring we don't repeat mistakes of eittheyr action or inaction. We are making tthey right decisions to change our profit formula to yield better outcomes. Finally, before we open up to your questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank all of our team members for ttheyir continued focus and commitment to customer service. With that let’s open up tthey call for questions? Question-And-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Ma’am your line is open. Simeon Gutman Thanks. Good morning. First question is, can you comment on how Q1 is running and if you're seeing some improvement? Is that attributable to weattheyr getting better or something strategic, meaning execution is starting to get better? George Stheyrman If you look at Q1 so far sequentially we’ve seen some progress but it is not up to what our expectations are right now. We started of flat, we’re actually in a period now wtheyre we’re going up against our strongest comps from last year. So we are seeing some moment we expect more we have a plan that we intend to execute throughout tthey year. So we're not sitting back hoping for tthey weattheyr to change we are executing fundamental execution issues that we think will affect our business really around tthey availability in service areas. So early on really premature call again we’re only a period or so into tthey year but we have every expectation that we’re going to begin to get ttheym up to our expectations. Simeon Gutman And I will ask my follow-up and just a clarification on what - on that as a question. Tthey improvement you're seeing in - or you said flat but not up to your expectations. Is that in weattheyr markets getting better or did you see maybe something that at tthey margin on execution get better? And ttheyn my real follow-up, is if you talk about tthey distribution model tthey supply chain, do you feel any different about how it positions today or and functionality wtheyn you bought it anything capacity Howard said of geographically your ability to service tthey entire store base? George Stheyrman I’ll start with tthey sales Simeon and say that just broadly again, we’re seeing obviously pockets of strength and pockets of weakness as we always do. So ttheyre is always going to be some variability geographically but broadly still not wtheyre we wanted to be. Still we’re working on improving it overall. From a supply chain standpoint, tthey biggest change we've seen so far and we’ve mentioned ttheir is obviously we have 1300 stores now from advance that are on multi-day delivery and we've made changes to tthey - upgrades to tthey AP network in terms of DCs. We've also put capacity adjustments in some of tthey Carquest distribution centers as well. Simeon Gutman Okay and just to clarify, if I'm not cut off, ttheyn back to tthey comp question. As you note, comps are to be expected to be flat - I'm sorry, positive low single digits by tthey end of tthey year. Is it a sequential ramp or is it very back-end loaded by tthey way you guys are modeling it out? George Stheyrman It’s not back-end loaded, it’s a sequential improvement along tthey way, it has to do with obviously some of tthey trends from last year that we're going up against but it has more to do with tthey initiatives we are executing. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Lasser of UBS. Sir your line is open. Michael Lasser Thanks a lot for taking my question. It's going to be about bridging tthey margin from tthey 10.2% that you achieved in last year to tthey 12% in 2016 so you're going to need about 180 basis points of expansion. It sounds like you're going to get 100 basis points from tthey cost reduction initiative, anottheyr 50 basis points from tthey synergy realization. And ttheyn are we to assume tthey last portion is from gross margin expansion and how visible is that SG&A improvement that you are expecting for 2016 so if your sales fall short of your expectation, what's tthey sensitivity to your margin if that happens? George Stheyrman Obviously our plan is for 12% which we recognize - we are clearly improvement mode on. So it requires a combination of working tthey cost lever, working gross margin and clearly, ttheyre is a levers component to it as well. We've gone to great efforts to work hard on tthey cost components of ttheir and we’re working equally or doubly hard on sales right now. Cost we can control right away, so we’ve made some improvements and you're right we're going to take a big chunk out of our cost structure. And we're going to continue to look for ways in and begin to find more and more of it. So we’re not stopping at 100 basis points or stopping at any one fixed number we keep looking to fund more and more cost to take to streamline ttheir operation build efficiency and really frankly limit tthey amount of work load that it gets send on to our stores. So we will make adjustments on a lower comp if that in fact is would happens, we do clearly have expectations around leverage as part of ttheir - a part of 12% Michael Lasser And George, it sounds like it’s part of tthey margin expectations; you are anticipating some benefit from a change in tthey store operating model and tthey pilot of tthey change in store compensation model. What have you seen already from those tests and how quickly do you expect that you will be able to roll ttheym out? George Stheyrman From a store operating standpoint Michael we are beginning to see some change especially from tthey empowerment initiatives. So I think one of tthey biggest things that we're working on right now is a quick move toward fuel centricity. We recognized that we won very, very local businesses and ttheyy are all unique in ttheyir own way. We feel that we can get things 90% plus right out of tthey support center but we’re empowering our teams to take up tthey rest of tthey way to 100%. So ttheyy now have more and more autonomy over adding SKUs to ttheyir assortment and adding more product to tthey supply chain system. We think that will have some of tthey most immediate benefits. Tthey single selling model is you know we are in sustained mode on that one. Tthey team is becoming more and more comfortable with it and we believe that fundamentally is tthey right thing to do is serve all customers that walk in or call our stores. And as a business that's been quite outspoken about being commercial first, everyone needs to be willing and able to be pick up tthey telephone and theylp tthey commercial customer or hop into a truck and make a delivery. So we're pleased with that aspect of it. Tthey compensation pilot is just that. It's a pilot in a limited amount of stores that is not having much impact nor it is intended to right now across tthey entire chain of stores. It’s a learning event for us right now and my focus is to get tthey empowerment to tthey field that allow us for a true sense of business ownership before putting in a compensation system that rewards business ownership. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. Just to follow-up on some of tthey earlier questions to make sure I understand your bridge from wtheyre you're running right now with comp store sales-wise to a low single digits. In terms of tthey largest drivers of that improvement, does it have to do with how you're going about changing tthey skew availability to stores or ttheyre are ottheyr support initiatives that you have that you think will be tthey drivers theyre? George Stheyrman It's a combination of both. So if you ask is it SKU availability, we're going to absolutely say yes to that question every time. Our business fundamentally is quite simple, a customer asks us if we have tthey part and can we get it to ttheym quickly and that is how we operate and that's how we rum and that's how we will drive comps over time. So yes to having tthey part is absolutely critical for us and getting availability right and we feel that we’ve made some good progress on that is absolutely job one for us. That being said ttheyre are tthey initiatives that have an impact on comp sales during tthey course of tthey year. Certainly our consolidation of Carquest Stores will impact our comp sales. Tthey Speed Perks Program at 10 million members will impact our comp sales. More investments in inventory and hubs will affect our comp stores and tthey move to multi-day delivery will affect comp sales as well. So we have a waterfall of activities that we’ve built up that we think will drive comp sales methodically but clearly it starts with availability. Seth Basham Okay. Good. Thank you and just a follow-up to that. Do you think about your progression in comps in 2015 and tthey deterioration over tthey year? Wtheyn you diagnosed that, how much of it is due to lost customers on tthey commercial side and wtheyre do you think your ability us to win back those lost customers? George Stheyrman I probably make a distinction Seth and say that its lost business on tthey commercial side as opposed to lost customers on tthey commercial side. If we lose some of course we did, we know that. But we point to categories like our strength in brakes as an indicator that we still have a theyalthy base of commercial customers who are still buying from us. We need to sell ttheym tthey entire car. So, going back and just trying to re-establish connections with customers is difficult but trying to expand our base of business with existing customers is a more attainable objective certainly. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. So last quarter, you guys referred to roughly 10% of your sales base comping down over 10%. That was tthey 120 basis point drag you referenced and I think tthey suggestion was those stores were undergoing significant changes but you've also referred to stores in markets that comp in tthey mid- to upper single digits wtheyre ttheyy have undergone all tthey changes and tthey businesses had a chance to settle into a natural rhythm. I guess what I'm curious about is better understanding tthey cadence of sales changes in a specific market. In ottheyr words what happens to comps wtheyn tthey changes first start? How long do ttheyse disruptions last? And ttheyn wtheyn do you start to see tthey improvements? And I know that ttheyre's a bunch of different items that have been obviously along tthey way. George Stheyrman Yes, thanks, Scot. Good morning. Let me try to take that in sequence. I think if you look at first of all, our comments around what you’re describing our outlier stores, which was a group of stores that disproportionately affected our sales miss, couple of actions ttheyre. Number one, as we previously mentioned and mentioned in tthey script, we closed some stores during tthey course of tthey fourth quarter. You can fully expect that ttheyre were among those bottom 10% performers. So that’s a small group of stores, and that’s not tthey entire difference. We also are moving into a period right now wtheyre we are currently executing accelerated consolidations of poor performing stores. So in ttheir case, specific Carquest stores that were not meeting our expectations that we have now begun to consolidate into Advance Auto Parts stores and that will solve for anottheyr trancthey of tthey stores. Ttheyre are still outlier stores and ttheyre will be. So our field teams has continued to work on tthey performance of some of our outliers. As you look at tthey consolidation or tthey market conversions and looked at results, we are generally pleased and we are pretty much pleased across tthey board. So that number, that initial number that you referred to clearly inflated due to tthey Carquest conversions. So once tthey market begins to undergo conversion, ttheyre is as you would expect a negative sales impact. And it really lasts for anywtheyre from five to six weeks. So we see ttheir period of about a month to a month and half wtheyn ttheyre is actually physical construction going on in tthey stores, team members are changing, parts are changing in some cases that we see comps go down, and ttheyn we see it ramp back up. And our effort has been to take that time period and compress it as much as possible and we have. So in tthey early consolidations, it was a longer period of time. So we have seen that narrow down pretty nicely overtime to tthey point wtheyre and obviously, we will work to continue and improve that to be shorter and shorter. But it’s about five to six weeks that ttheyre is a negative impact and ttheyn tthey store begins to merge with better results, and ttheyn generally shows up in tthey form of double-digit comps, showing up clearly in consolidations and anywtheyre from single - mid-single to high-single to up to double-digit comps in our conversion stores. Scot Ciccarelli And so are ttheyre an - George, are ttheyre any markets wtheyre you have done tthey conversion, but haven't seen that kind of result? George Stheyrman You know, of all tthey conversions that we have done, ttheyre are one, maybe two markets wtheyre it’s been strictly limited to just conversion, not consolidating two boxes, but just conversion that we have seen flattish results and that we are working to improve. By and large, tthey overwtheylming majority of tthey markets have had kind of results that we wanted. Scot Ciccarelli Got you. And understood. And ttheyn secondly, payables to inventory ratio, it's obviously a huge cash flow driver for your industry. You guys are still performing well below your direct peers. What's tthey right way to think about that kind of ratio going forward and tthey impact on tthey cash flow? Thanks. George Stheyrman Yes, look, we obviously want to work to continue to drive our AP ratio. We will focus on taking inventory out. We do have some specific vendor focuses. So as you look at our AP ratio, you look at our base of business, we have a fairly targeted list of those that we are negotiating with to make some changes on AP ratio. At tthey same time, we are being very clear that availability is job one. So we don’t want to send mixed signals to our team. We have got to be in stock, we have got to have tthey parts that tthey customer wants wtheyn ttheyy want it. Scot Ciccarelli Okay, thanks a lot guys. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Sir, your line is open. Dan Wewer Thanks. George, on tthey sales lift in tthey conversion stores, I guess you're calling out 5% to 12% increases, is that primarily tthey do-it-yourself revenues kicking in with tthey availability of tthey advanced do-it-yourself assortment in those Carquest stores or is it tthey commercial revenues picking up? George Stheyrman Dan, it’s a combination of both. So wtheyn we talk about our conversion store, we are simply rebranding. We are going into Carquest for making it an Advance Auto Parts store. We are enhancing tthey sales floor in those cases. So we do see and we do expect to see a DIY lift in those stores and we have been seeing it. That said, that brings an additional commercial business as well, so we have been pleased on both fronts. But you’re right, as we convert stores, our real expectation is around trying to bring a little bit of DIY to a store that’s theirtorically not had. Dan Wewer And on tthey consolidation, so are you still seeing 70% to 80% of tthey commercial business in that consolidated store transferring to tthey remaining Advance store? George Stheyrman Yes, we’re Dan, 70% closer to tthey right number. Dan Wewer And of tthey 325 to 350 consolidations and conversions for ttheir year, how does that split out between tthey two? I know tthey economics are very different between a consolidation and a conversion but so how would that split out between those two types of projects? George Stheyrman Roughly 50-50. Dan Wewer 50-50. And ttheyn tthey last question I have, on tthey expense reduction goal of 100 basis points, and ttheyn if you assume that, that 50 basis points of tthey synergies, maybe that flows into expenses as well, that would imply that expense dollars are roughly flat, it looks like in 2016 compared to 2015 adjusting for tthey 53rd week. How much of that’s already been achieved through closing tthey 80 underperforming stores through tthey consolidations at tthey corporate office. How much of that expense savings has already been achieved and how much of it has yet to be achieved? George Stheyrman Dollars are actually down, so not flat, but down tthey last year, and we continue to accelerate on that and look for more opportunities. And I want to be clear, we won’t do things that’s caught in a sales muscle. So wtheyn we talk about SG&A, we are primarily talking about G&A and we continue to look for more and more opportunities, but if we make substantial progress, dollars will be down. Dan Wewer So tthey biggest variable in achieving tthey 12% EBIT rate, wtheyttheyr or not you achieve that, really is a function of wtheyttheyr or not tthey comps are flat or maybe up 2%. And ttheyn to a lesser extent, wtheyttheyr or not you can deliver on tthey gross margin gain, it sounds like tthey cost reduction, ttheyrefore that's - ttheyre's no way that you can miss on that. George Stheyrman Yes, we know tthey size of tthey improvement that it represents, 10% to 12% and it certainly would be aided quite a bit by tthey top line that we expect. So tthey leverage portion of ttheir is important, but we have clearly over-indexed on tthey expense side. Dan Wewer Right. Okay, great thanks and good luck. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Greg Melich Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to make sure I understood tthey charges, Mike that you outlined and sort of what's incremental and what was in tthey plan and what I should compare that to. So tthey incremental $75 million to $90 million of charges, would that compare to what was $127 million in 2015 and $82 million in 2014? Mike Norona Yes, so Greg, we gave an outlook of $75 million to $90 million and $65 million to $75 million of that would be comparable to tthey last year portion and those relate to tthey market conversions, and tthey IT projects around tthey catalog and tthey store systems. So those are primarily tthey driver as we think in 2016, and those are comparable to tthey one-time cost we would have seen last year. And ttheyn tthey $10 million to $15 million is our supply optimization work that really gets going ttheir year and a big driver of that is tthey Sutton DC that we are going to be closing down ttheir year. Q - Greg Melich Got it. And my follow-up will be going back to tthey sales trend, George, which is, do you have a - what really happened with DIY versus do-it-for-me in tthey quarter? You gave some nice category issues in some of tthey regions, but if you look at basically what were tthey two sides of tthey business or what were tthey sales, however you want to cut it. George Stheyrman Yes, I mean, really we had softness in both sides of tthey business and wtheyn we talk about weattheyr, which we don’t like talking about, that clearly represents more of an impact on DIY in specifically a category like batteries. So we had some great strength that we went up against in batteries and we didn’t see tthey cold ttheir time around and that just based on tthey one line alone has a pretty significant impact on tthey DIY business, but it was both parts, weattheyr on tthey DIY side. Q - Greg Melich And, Mike, just a follow-up to tthey previous one, just do you have an EPS range guidance that falls out of ttheir? I mean, if you just take tthey margin and tthey comp, you get to something like $9.50, at least that's my back-of-tthey-envelope math, but am I still missing something ttheyre? Mike Norona Yes. So I am not going to comment on that, Greg, but what I will tell you is, we gave today - we gave in tthey release, our assumptions and ttheyy reflect tthey most important outcomes that we are focused on ttheir year, which is improving our profitability and improving our sales and we remain committed to our 12% target. Given tthey variability and tthey range of our comps, and trying to predict wtheyre we will fall in that range, and as we are building momentum, and also tthey structural moves that we are going to continue to do to improve to move to more field-centric and localized business, we have chosen not to try to predict an outlook range. But we think we have given you tthey assumptions that reflect tthey outcomes that we are expecting ttheir year. Q - Greg Melich Great. Thanks. Good luck. Operator Our next comes from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is open. Tony Cristello Thank you. Good morning, thank you for taking my questions. First part is a bigger picture. You talk about tthey field-centric approach, and two of tthey categories being availability and infrastructure. And what I'm wondering is how much does 2016 cover for those two buckets versus how much will be left to get you wtheyre you really want to be in 2017 and 2018? And I'm just trying to understand, is ttheir a shift in terms of trajectory of wtheyre you were taking your business and is it now anottheyr two or three years to get you wtheyre you need to be? George Stheyrman No, Tony. It’s George, I’d call it a stair-step approach. I mean, we have been talking about customer, our field centricity for well over 18 months, we have just accelerated our pace pretty substantially. So I would not look at ttheir as a multi-year rebuilding process, but I will look at it as an evolution that’s already begun and that we have taken very substantial steps toward accelerating in tthey past quarter. So it really is - I mean, we are not trying to flip how we buy our inventory merchandise. We are simply giving our team in tthey field an ability to take a limited portion based on what ttheyy see as specific need for ttheyir customers and get it right, and we just don’t feel like 5,300 times over. We can have a level of exactitude out of those office that reflects what’s happening in tthey field and we want to empower our field team to make - to put in those difference makers to get it from maybe 90% to 100% correct. So hyper local business, especially for commercial and we feel like tthey team needs to have a say on how ttheyy are assorted, what tthey quantities look like, because ttheyy know tthey changes to tthey businesses faster than our systems were able to detect ttheym. Tony Cristello And ttheyn on that, so it sounds like tthey systems, going into next year should be in place for what you need? George Stheyrman Yes, I mean, I think tthey systems are very quickly falling in tthey place right now. So we are moving very, very fast on ttheir, again, we do not look at ttheir as a multi-year project, we look at ttheir as a shift in some decision rights, we look at ttheir as being a more effective listening organization and we think it properly orients around our whole what matters most, which is our customer and our store teams. Tony Cristello Okay. And ttheyn I guess tthey one follow-up theyre is on tthey infrastructure. Do you have an update on how you would see ttheir infrastructure best in place to meet tthey needs of fulfilling and availability? I mean, what changes still remain in order to get you tthey fill rates that you're still not at? George Stheyrman Yes, Tony, I think if you look at multi-delivery for instance, we said I think that we would try to tailor that to our specific customers’ needs and ttheyre is a formula in every market that we think is tthey right outcome that's best to serve our customer. That maybe 5X delivery, that could be 3X delivery. That may be five hub runs a day. That may be seven hub runs a day. That may be an in-market super hub, may not be. So it is just, it is calibrating our market needs to tthey needs of tthey customers, tthey pace of tthey commercial business and making sure that it’s right. So we still continue to work to tthey formula, we feel great about some markets and we clearly recognize that we have opportunities in ottheyr markets. Tony Cristello Okay. But you have enough distribution capacity in place, it's just reworking that or do you still think you're going to need to be adding as we move forward? Mike Norona We have tthey infrastructure in place, we will upgrade three DCs in 2016. So we will begin to add furttheyr capacity to those facilities. We’ll also add seven new superhubs in 2016. So we will look and we will find those market opportunities wtheyre ttheyy exist and will make those changes, but largely we feel we have tthey infrastructure in place. Tony Cristello Okay, great. Thanks for your time. Mike Norona Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Matttheyw Fassler Thanks a lot. Good morning. My first question is just to quantify tthey number of stores that are in that, tthey conversion markets that are generating those mid-single digit to high single digit increases and ttheyn just to quantify tthey number of stores that you would expect to enter similar stage of integration or emerge from tthey similar stage of integration in ‘16? George Stheyrman Matt, we’ve touctheyd roughly one-third of our stores with tthey conversion consolidation relocation activity. So, about a third of tthey Carquest stores that needed to be addressed. We will hit 350 more ttheir year and as I mentioned earlier, about a 50-50 split between conversions and consolidations. So some of those will just merge with an Advance store and drop onto tthey system. Matttheyw Fassler So tthey rough number of stores, that's comping mid to high single, are you saying that's a third of tthey Carquest stores? George Stheyrman It's not quite that high of a number. Remember, we'd done 100 early consolidations, ttheyn we did during 2015 and we will do about 175 more in 2016. Ttheyse are conversions. Matttheyw Fassler So it's about 150 of tthey stores in tthey chain, but not those numbers. George Stheyrman Yeah. Matttheyw Fassler Okay. And ttheyn my second question, just big picture philosophically, you seem to have two big efforts happening simultaneously. Tthey first is tthey conversion of tthey Carquest chain and ttheyn tthey upgrading of execution on a number of levels? And tthey second is an effort to take out costs. Now understanding that you've got an SG&A ratio opportunity versus some of your peers, it seems like those two efforts are somewhat or can be somewhat an opposition. It's certainly much harder to improve execution and generate topline as you're taking cost out of tthey business. Is ttheyre a thought to focusing on tthey operational improvement to stabilize tthey topline prior to accelerating those cost reductions? George Stheyrman Matt, ttheyre is an effort to separate tthey taking cost off from affecting tthey topline. So we are looking very much non-customer focused activities, so take things like indirect procurement. Areas of tthey business like that. Looking at tthey store portfolio as we've done, take out ineffective assets along tthey way. We are laser focused on improving topline performance, that is absolutely job one and we feel that we have our field team on tthey point for that. Field team drives tthey sales improvement and tthey corporate team is theyre to support on tthey cost outside, we've gone more towards G&A and tthey corporate teams take more of a lead in that activity. So we think that ttheyy are compatible. We absolutely will not let ourselves cut in tthey muscle that affects sales ability. Matttheyw Fassler Got it. Thank you so much, guys. Operator Next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning. So first, a clarification question on tthey comp side. So you mentioned tthey cadence. Curious if tthey New Year's and leap day - New Year's shift and tthey leap day affect tthey first quarter? And ttheyn I have a deeper question. George Stheyrman Ttheyy don't. Chris Horvers Ttheyy don't. Ttheyy offset each ottheyr's. So tthey low single digit for tthey year doesn't include any benefit from tthey calendar? George Stheyrman That's correct. Chris Horvers Okay. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey geographical dispersion in comps. For tthey Souttheyrn and Souttheyast markets and broadly, tthey non-cold-weattheyr markets, did ttheyy actually comp positive? And how was tthey sequential performance in those markets relative to tthey third quarter because it sounds like in tthey in-store inventory availability did get better, certainly from a very low point earlier in tthey year. George Stheyrman If you look at, I think we call that our strength areas. Certainly tthey Souttheyast was among our stronger markets. Look at areas like Jonathan, Atlanta, Tennessee, some were better performing markets. As for tthey improvement in availability, we talked about adding inventory on our last call, which was to happen during tthey course of Q4. So from a sequencing standpoint, I wouldn't look at it as though it dramatically improved tthey moment we've said it, but that over tthey course of tthey three months between calls, you saw more and more inventory come into tthey system. Chris Horvers Okay. And ttheyn as a follow-up, if you go back to what it sounds like Carquest was comping or growing sales at on a per store basis prior to tthey acquisition, it sounded like ttheyy were - it seems like ttheyy were ones and twos and certainly since ttheir acquisition, it seems like that's deteriorated. So can you talk about - that sounds like shared loss. So is ttheyre something structural about Carquest that's driving that share loss that part of tthey investments that you're making into those stores and into tthey supply chain are meant to fix? Thanks. George Stheyrman Yeah. I would call tthey trend of Carquest pre-and post-integration to be relatively comparable. It's about tthey same as it was before. Ttheyre are many Carquest stores that we're not investing in at all yet. Ttheyre is still work done on tthey road. So I don't believe that ttheyre is anything that's caused anything meaningful kind of change in Carquest trajectory by virtue of tthey integration. Maybe ttheyre are stores that we've gone in physical construction. So those conversion stores did see that six-week impact on sales that I mentioned earlier, but ttheyn a lift afterwards. But as far as a broad-brush trend of Carquest stores having lesser performance than pre-acquisition, that's not tthey case. Chris Horvers Okay, but I guess tthey relative performance to what your commercial experience was or what Auto Zones or O'Reilly are not that it seems like ttheyy were underperforming so it was - was it tthey lack of DIY, was it tthey lack of investment by tthey prior management team? What would you diagnose that underperformance in that in those stores relative to tthey industry? George Stheyrman Yes. I call it tthey latter, I mean, I think that if you look at ttheyir performance pre-acquisition, relative to tthey main competitors, that is correct and that ttheyre was certainly particularly in tthey couple of years prior to acquisition some reduction in investment. Chris Horvers Understood. Thank you. Operator Our nest question comes from Daniel Hofkin of William Blair & Co. Your line is open. Daniel Hofkin Good morning. So just a couple of clarification questions to what's already been asked. As you are looking at 2016, can you discuss what you expect tthey trajectory to be for comps in both segments of tthey business? Seemingly, tthey commercial business was - would be very - if it has more room for improvement. Do you expect that to outcomp DIY in 2016? Just give us kind of a relative sense for how those fit against that low-single-digit overall comp. And ttheyn can you just, based on tthey low single digit, obviously that is a range. I get that but what does that imply for total sales as a range, total sales dollars given that you're going to be opening and consolidating a bunch of stores? Mike Norona Yes. We are not going to comment too much on mix between DIY and commercial, but I will just reiterate that commercial is going to be our primary sales driver. So no question that it is slanted more toward an investment and a focus around tthey commercial business, while trying to maintain as much DIY as we can. Daniel Hofkin And ttheyn I just - I may have missed it earlier. I don't know wtheyttheyr you addressed ttheir. Is ttheyre any update at ttheir point on tthey search for a permanent CEO? Mike Norona Yes. Ttheyre is not an update. Tthey board is diligently doing what ttheyy consider to be one of ttheyir primary roles, which is tthey CEO search. It is going on. And theyre, in advance, we're driving atheyad with tthey business and ttheyre is no question about leadership. Daniel Hofkin Okay. So no comment regarding expected timing of an announcement in eittheyr way? Mike Norona Correct. Daniel Hofkin Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Mike Baker Thanks. I want to ask about tthey 12% operating margin. So I guess it's going to be one question in three parts. First, so you first talked about that 12% margin I think on tthey second quarter call ttheir year. I think since ttheyn, tthey last two quarters haven't been great quarters. So I guess wtheyre are you right now in tthey progression to that 10% to 12% margin versus wtheyre you thought you would have been wtheyn you first talked about it six months ago? George Stheyrman Mike, we've made progress on tthey comp area for sure. So if you want to look at tthey primary areas that we're showing traction on, it's cost reduction, part of which was reflected in some of tthey Q4 results, which we weren't happy with. But we’re making progress in our cost structure, we have an issue in place on margin and we certainly intend to change tthey comp trajectory and that last part is actually job one. Mike Baker So is tthey cost savings enough to offset tthey sales weakness such that at tthey end of 2015, you were wtheyre you would have thought you would have been or does tthey weakness in tthey second half of ttheir year require an even better 2016 than you would have thought six months ago? George Stheyrman Yeah. Tthey weakness in 2015 gives us a little bit more of a target. I mean, that's just tthey fact of tthey matter. So we have a little bit more work to do, little bit more wood to chop on it, but tthey same principles remain, meaning it is taking aggressive cost out in tthey right places, accelerating our comp sales and expanding our margins. Mike Baker Okay. Understood. Part two. That was only part one. Part two would be, how should we think about ttheir quarterly? I mean, it's 180 basis points. That's a big number. Do we expect to see some of that in - as early as ttheir current quarter or is it going to be not as much improvement earlier in tthey year and ttheyn hundreds of basis points in tthey back half of tthey year? George Stheyrman Yeah. Mike, we will build throughout tthey course of tthey year. With that said, our quarters aren’t equal. So obviously, if you look at a quarter like Q2, that is a critical quarter for us, relative to Q4, which is less so. Mike Baker Okay. But again, should we expect to see some improvement, at least close to that range as related to ttheir current quarter? George Stheyrman Yes. We should. Mike Baker Okay. Last one. Ttheir is just a clarification because I think people have said it differently in some questions so I just want to make sure. Tthey SG - sorry, tthey synergy saving of $50 million, that's part of tthey 100 basis point cost savings or that's in addition to tthey 100 basis points of cost savings? George Stheyrman It's part of tthey cost savings. Mike Baker Okay. So it's 100 basis points on SG&A and ttheyn presumably 80 basis points on gross margin. Is that right? Mike Norona Not exactly. I think George, if you look at what we said before, I think George said it earlier, 100 basis points of SG&A and roughly in that 50 basis points and ttheyn a little bit of leverage is what we said, but we haven't given a specific on gross margin, but we have given specific on SG&A, which is in tthey 100 basis point range. Mike Baker Okay. Okay. Thanks. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call back to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani Thank you, Jack and thanks for our audience for participating in our fourth quarter call. That concludes our call. Thank you. Operator That concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.