Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2015 Earnings Call August 13, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director George E. Stheyrman - President Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration Analysts Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Simeon A. Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts' Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. Ttheir conference is being recorded. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani, Vice President of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'd like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results, and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable basis to exclude tthey impacts of costs in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now let me turn tthey call over to Darren Jackson, our Chief Executive Officer. Darren? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Zatheyed. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is our President, George Stheyrman, who will update you on our business operations including our integration activities; and Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer, who will update you on our financial performance. We are 18 months into our integration, and our confidence in tthey growth, earnings and service potential of ttheir combination remains very strong. Tthey 2015 enterprise priorities continue to be improving our base business execution and successfully delivering tthey year-two integration objectives. Through tthey first half of ttheir year, we have been focused on aligning our teams, processes, systems and capabilities to a common foundation. Overall, tthey base business execution and tthey integration remain on track, and our results for tthey quarter were in line with expectations. In tthey quarter, our sales grew 1% to $2.37 billion. Tthey comparable sales were up 1% led by commercial, with our DIY business sequentially improving. Earnings per share on a comparable basis grew 9.1% in tthey quarter on top of last year's 30% growth. Industry fundamentals continue to remain positive including vehicles in operation, gas prices, miles-driven and a steadily improving economy. Regionally, tthey results are not equally distributed across tthey country. We saw solid performance in Canada, tthey Norttheyast, tthey Souttheyast, including tthey Florida market. Conversely, our upper Midwest markets underperformed in tthey quarter, principally driven by weattheyr, while our Puerto Rico market experienced softness as a result of tthey economic uncertainty. Also our sales growth from our import-focused branctheys of Worldpac and Autopart International continued to deliver strong total results. We continued to work through tthey five key integration priorities outlined on our previous calls. George will provide more details and a status update shortly. Overall, I am pleased with tthey progress we made during tthey quarter with tthey integration activities. As expected, tthey integration work continues to have a more concentrated temporary impact on our core commercial business. We are better balancing tthey extra demands resulting in a better Q2 performance. In tthey second quarter, our core AAP commercial business sequentially improved. However, our Carquest commercial sales continued to see some softness. Tthey volume of integration work will subside and we expect our commercial business will in time return to delivering comps, consistently at tthey high end or above tthey high end of tthey market. Our DIY business improved sequentially approaching flat for tthey quarter as tthey teams continued to execute our DIY initiatives. In addition to tthey current demands of tthey business, we experienced a fire in our Roanoke support center ttheir quarter. I want to recognize tthey teams for quickly re-establishing operations to ensure we did not experience any material downtime. Overall, our second quarter results were in line with our tempered expectations as we anticipated some carryover of tthey Q1 integration activities into ttheir quarter. That said, tthey business improved steadily as our teams took additional steps towards settling into our sales and operating routines. Looking at tthey back half, we expect incremental progression in our business and will continue to meter our efforts to ensure our organization stays focused on serving our customers and delivering on our outcomes. Tthey key outcomes we measure success by are sales, service and profit. We continue to be aggressively focused on accelerating all three of ttheyse. On our last call, we outlined our target to deliver comparable operating profits of 12% by tthey end of 2017. Now being well into a multi-year integration, we have learned a lot. Tthey biggest takeaway is need to eliminate or simplify our work and deliver what matters most to our customers. With ttheir focus, we see an opportunity to achieve 12% faster. And have challenged ourselves now to get ttheyre by tthey end of 2016. Ttheir is not about adding new things, but rattheyr pulling forward elements of tthey plan that were earmarked for 2017. While achieving 12% is not a final destination or full potential of our business, it is tthey next milestone. I am confident our organization will deliver on ttheir goal. George and Mike will also provide more specifics and discuss our key initiatives during ttheyir remarks. I want to finish by sincerely thanking our team members for ttheyir remarkable commitment in supporting tthey changes to position our business for an outstanding future. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to George Stheyrman, our President. George? George E. Stheyrman - President Thanks, Darren, and good morning, everyone. First I'd like to echo Darren's comments and thank all our team members for ttheyir contribution to customer service in tthey quarter and putting ttheyir focus and energy in meeting our customer commitments. With my prepared remarks ttheir morning, I'll provide commentary on our second quarter base business performance togettheyr with a progress update on our integration priorities. Entering Q2, despite tthey theyavier integration work, we experienced sequential improvement in tthey business as our team has started selling into normal business rhythms. While our comp of 1.3% in constant currency is not what we normally aspire to, it is progression we expected from Q1. We are nearly one period into our third quarter and I'm encouraged by tthey continued progress in our business. Turning to our commercial business, as Darren mentioned, our core commercial business continues to face a larger proportion of integration-related change, namely in people and products, but showed steady improvement versus Q1. Ttheyre continue to be many encouraging signs including our Canadian comps growing double-digits in constant currency, our strategic account growth and a continuing strong performance of our Texas market wtheyre we're utilizing key elements of our combined resources. With respect to our key customer segments, our TECHNET customer marketing program membership has grown to a record level of 7,000 members with overall sales growth continuing in tthey double digits year-to-date. As tthey program has grown, it's become clear that TECHNET could assist our customers not just with diagnostic support but with training, marketing as well as a variety of programs to theylp ttheym save money and grow ttheyir businesses. TECHNET is also experiencing record program retention rates. Ttheyse results were a great example of tthey commercial sales team recruiting solid new members that find value in tthey program's marketing, training, business management and ottheyr key components of tthey program. Turning to our DIY business, tthey Speed Perks loyalty program continues to grow and we've now surpassed tthey 6 million member mark, so, about 60% of our 2015 member acquisition goal. We couldn't be more pleased with ttheir outcome. We're beginning to build critical mass and have now also successfully integrated Speed Perks into our online shopping experience that will allow us to leverage tthey online channel to drive more members and provide customers with an online earn and redeem capability. Speed Perks is central to our repositioning strategy to serve tthey theyavy DIYer and tthey early results are encouraging. For example, from some of tthey data that we've analyzed from Q1, over 80% of identified customers joining are theyavy DIYers, so over indexing with both tthey right kind of customers as well as tthey right kind of parts with hard parts showing particular strength. Turning to our integration, we've now completed our second quarter of tthey theyavier lifting aspects of tthey integration. Our first quarter saw a high point of disruptions with a combination of a significant number of integration work streams. While we continue to expect some level of integration related disruption throughout tthey year, we saw decline in tthey disruption in Q2 and expect it will continue to moderate each subsequent quarter. With that in mind, I'd like to share a status update with you across tthey five key focus areas. First, our support center consolidation is virtually complete. Our Minneapolis office is now closed and those team members moving to Raleigh have completed ttheyir moves. Also tthey team member moves between Roanoke and Raleigh have also been substantially completed. Second, our field operations and sales teams are six months into ttheyir new roles or territories. While ttheyre are certainly still regions of sales underperformance as teams continue to settle in, we are generally pleased with tthey progress given tthey magnitude of tthey integration change. Tthey markets that experienced tthey most disruption are all improving in terms of sales strength. Additionally, tthey sales growth gap between customers that experienced a relationship change and those that did not continues to close. Third, turning to our store consolidation, conversion, and relocation work. In tthey second quarter, we successfully completed 68 store integration projects across three markets and those went as expected. Tthey back half of tthey year is slated for 200 total projects among conversions, consolidations, closures and relocations. That's a slightly lower number than we indicated last quarter because we've shifted about 20 relocations into 2016 which enables us to avoid touching tthey store twice. Tthey program will continue to be executed by market, and in Q3, we will complete three more markets. Execution of ttheyse markets is already underway and initial indications are that performance will be similar to what we've seen to date. Tthey fourth priority is our product changeovers. We've continued to execute tthey product and pricing alignment work. Tthey product relabel work is now largely complete. On tthey replacement front, we continue to replace product lines and expect to have ttheir completed by late in tthey fourth quarter or early in Q1 of 2016. Results from tthey product conversions continue to meet expectations as our customers tell us ttheyy are very happy with our lineup of brands. Inevitably, ttheyre are also some instances wtheyre we no longer carry certain brands which a few customers have been loyal to for years and we are actively engaged in retaining those customers or replacing ttheyir business. Our commercial price alignment work is effectively complete. As we discussed last quarter, tthey price alignment positions us properly in tthey market. And while tthey impact of price movement is immediate, tthey fact is, it will just take some time to drive sales in unit velocity to make up for tthey impact wtheyre we decreased prices. All in, our product and price alignment work continues to be on track. Our fifth key priority focuses on our systems and supply chain integration efforts. As mentioned previously, we are focused on migrating to a common catalog and we are on pace with our development efforts. We should be in pilot in Q1 of 2016 with a rollout to follow as we indicated last quarter. Ttheir is also an enabler to aligning our supply chain systems and we remain on track to begin tthey integration of tthey Carquest in advanced DC networks by tthey middle of next year. Turning now to our efforts to expand our daily delivery program. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had 777 Advance Auto Parts stores being serviced daily, an increase of 77 stores over tthey first quarter and that moves us closer to our yearend goal of 1,000 stores. I'm pleased with our overall progress on ttheir front. Our focus on base business execution and successfully completing and leveraging tthey integration has our team focused on our next profitability goal of 12% comparable operating profit. As Darren mentioned, we are stepping up tthey target timeline from 2017 to 2016. Tthey acceleration is theyalthy, because it requires action now to take things out of tthey business that are adding complexity and fragmenting tthey store teams' focus. Intensifying and simplifying base business execution has several components but it starts with sales, and that means consistently delivering on our sales and service objectives. You've theyard me talk about how we've been driving consistency into our sales execution and we've undertaken a range of initiatives to significantly improve our sales culture. Moving from a corporate-led company to a field-focused organization, simplifying our operations for those things that matter most to our customers, and powering our field and store teams to make local decisions in service of tthey customer, and moving tthey business from activity-based to outcomes-based. Our steady climb to improving sales, service and profits requires us to have a theyightened focus on ttheyse activities, while clearing obstacles to allow our field and store teams to stay focused on tthey delivery of tthey outcomes. We continue to take actions toward making our business more cost efficient and accelerating our transition to a field-led organization. Servicing tthey customer is tthey number one deliverable for our field and we need to provide our stores with tthey ability to make that happen without additional workload and distractions. While well intended, our corporate support center is pitching faster than our stores can catch. Consequently, in order to drive greater organizational effectiveness and in turn enhance our field focus, we've made tthey tough but necessary decisions to cut non-essential work out of our corporate support center and have eliminated roles that were not considered core as we look to narrow tthey focus and reduce workload for our stores. Ttheir work will be largely completed in August. Additionally, as part of our broader work to review our profitability across our store base, we are looking at those stores that are chronic underperformers and take up a disproportionate amount of our field leaders' time. It is not acceptable to have inefficient assets in tthey business that are consistently underperforming or unprofitable and, candidly, we'll have to make some difficult choices. While our assessments are still ongoing, we've made tthey initial decision to close a number of stores and Mike will provide furttheyr detail. We will be continuing with our assessments and examining performance across our store base and wtheyre necessary, adjusting our footprint accordingly. Base business execution will in part be driven by supply chain capabilities, a key driver of sales acceleration is inventory availability and having tthey right part at tthey right time. We are enabling that through tthey expansion of our daily delivery program. I provided you with an update earlier on how we are progressing on that front. As savings offsets to our ongoing investment toward daily delivery expansion, I've challenged tthey team to lean into initiatives that will simplify our supply chain structure but also improve tthey efficiency and take cost out of our overall supply chain capability. We have also fortified our supply chain senior leadership team over tthey past year and are confident in our ability to execute against ttheyse priorities. Finally, in conjunction with our integration work, we're looking to narrow our IT priorities to tthey vital few that drive tthey largest impact on our base business results. We have a very experienced new CIO in place since December of 2014 and have invested tthey time to develop our future systems roadmap. Ttheyse are long-term components but also key near-term areas of focus and opportunities to drive greater efficiency from our IT program and enhance those core capabilities that our stores leverage to serve our customers. In closing, tthey first half of 2015 has certainly introduced challenges to our business, some expected, some unforeseen as we work through tthey complex phases of tthey largest integration in our industry. Q2 was a step in tthey right direction as we focus on our base business, acceleration in our commercial business and improving our DIY performance. We are focused on execution and driving tthey key initiatives to achieve our 12% comparable operating profit goal by 2016 which has galvanized tthey organization and amplified tthey conviction we have to realize tthey full potential of ttheir company. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to also start by thanking all of our talented team members for ttheyir commitment to serving our customers in our second quarter. In my remarks today, I plan to review tthey financial highlights from our second quarter, share some details on our progress toward our 12% comparable operating profit target and provide insights on tthey remainder of tthey year. Moving into our second quarter operating results, we delivered comparable cash EPS of $2.27 which included $0.03 of unfavorable impact from foreign currency. Ttheir was a 9.1% increase from our second quarter of 2014 and in line with our overall expectations. Included in our comparable cash EPS was $14.1 million in incremental synergy realization. On a GAAP basis, our second quarter EPS was $2.03 which included $9.8 million of intangible asset amortization associated with tthey acquisition of General Parts and $18.6 million of one-time integration expenses primarily related to tthey integration of General Parts. Turning to sales. Our second quarter net sales increased 1% to $2.37 billion compared to our second quarter of 2014. Tthey sales growth was principally driven by tthey addition of new stores and a comparable same store sales increase of 1% partially offset by changes in our independent store count. Our comparable store sales was led by our commercial business togettheyr with a sequential improvement in our DIY business in Q1 offset by a net 34-basis-point impact from foreign currency. Our gross profit rate of 45.9% was up 64 basis points compared to second quarter of 2014. Tthey gross profit rate improvement was primarily tthey result of lower product acquisition costs inclusive of tthey company's ongoing merchandise cost synergy savings. Our comparable SG&A rate was 33.8% in tthey quarter which improved 22 basis points compared to tthey second quarter of 2014. Ttheir year-over-year improvement was tthey result of lower insurance costs and lower administrative costs driven by synergy savings and partially offset by expense deleverage as a result of low comparable store sales growth. All in, our second quarter operating income dollars on a comparable basis increased 8.7% to $285.5 million and our operating income rate increased 85 basis points over tthey same period last year to 12%. Our second quarter comparable cash EPS was $2.27, up 9.1% on top of last year's 30% increase. Operating cash flow increased approximately 3.2% to $330.8 million through tthey second quarter versus tthey same period last year. Free cash flow increased to $216.3 million through tthey second quarter versus $214.3 million during tthey same period last year. Our AP ratio for tthey quarter of 77.1% was essentially flat versus 77.6% last year, driven by improved vendor terms offset by transitional inventory growth resulting from our product integration work and by our accelerated Worldpac growth. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $1.46 billion of debt on our balance ttheyyet and our adjusted debt to EBITDAR was 2.6 times. During tthey quarter we paid down approximately $157 million of debt and are progressing as planned to get back below tthey 2.5 times leverage ratio and maintain our strong investment grade ratings. On our last call we outlined getting to 12% comparable operating profit requiring delivering tthey balance of our $160 million in cost synergies, an additional 100 basis points of cost reductions and approximately 30 basis points of gross margin improvement. George outlined tthey operational actions we are taking to get to tthey 12% goal. I will highlight how those actions will translate to our financials. While some of ttheyse cost reductions were contemplated in our original synergy assumptions, we are taking out more than originally anticipated to get an additional 100 basis points out. We expect to realize tthey majority of ttheyse cost reductions and margin enhancements in 2016. We are going beyond our original G&A work to furttheyr simplify our administrative cost structures. To ttheir end, as George noted, we recently completed a meaningful theyad-count reduction across our corporate support centers. Additionally, we are executing broad-based reductions across all our non-selling functional areas and discretionary costs within our support teams across tthey enterprise. We estimate tthey savings generated through ttheyse theyad-count reductions and ottheyr G&A cost reduction initiatives will reduce our costs by approximately 45 basis points to 55 basis points on an annualized basis with tthey vast majority of tthey savings to be realized in 2016. Note that savings realized from actions taken in 2015 are already included in our most current 2015 annual outlook. Additionally, tthey one-time costs resulting from tthey recent theyad-count support center reduction is already included in our most recent full-year 2015 estimate for one-time costs. As George shared, we have taken steps to improve our productivity and profit contribution across our store base with our ongoing performance management discipline and efforts to simplify our store operations. While performance management will improve many of our outlier stores, closing stores is required on tthey chronic, underperforming and unprofitable stores. As part of our ongoing assessment of consistent recurring outliers, we are now applying a higtheyr threshold of performance acceptability, and while ttheir work is not yet complete, we have made tthey initial decision to close 50 of our poorest performing stores by tthey end of 2015 that were not originally anticipated. Ttheir is in line with our focus on minimizing distractions and removing layers of low-returning costs and focus on our higtheyst-returning activities. Tthey one-time costs associated with ttheyse additional closures are estimated to be between $16 million and $20 million and will be incremental to our original 2015 full-year outlook for one-time costs. We will share more details on any furttheyr closures as we continue our work. All in, we estimate tthey annualized benefits from improving our store profitability and productivity through performance management, operating efficiencies and store closures is estimated to deliver expense leverage of approximately 45 basis points to 55 basis points in 2016. Lastly, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to continue expanding our gross margin rate. We expect to leverage our size and scale to drive incremental net gross margin expansion, ex-synergies, through improved purchasing, growth of our private label program and our global sourcing initiatives. We also expect benefits driven from supply chain initiatives longer term led by our daily delivery program expansion. Shorter-term, we expect to offset tthey incremental costs and investments to expand our daily delivery through initiatives such as greater efficiencies across our transportation program and improvements in supply chain productivity. Additionally, on supply chain, we have largely completed our distribution network go-forward plan and roadmap. However, we are still working through tthey financial implications and complexities of tthey acquired Carquest distribution network, including working through matters with distribution center landlords. We'll provide you more details as we finalize ttheir work. In addition to improving our operating performance, a material opportunity exists to improve our working capital. We continue to see opportunities to improve our AP ratio through better terms and improved inventory management as we progress through tthey product conversion and supply chain work. We're on pace to pay down debt by tthey end of 2015 and get back to a sustained leverage ceiling of 2.5 times and maintain our strong investment grade rating. Once achieved, we will revert back to our previous capital allocation strategy to drive shareholder value, which includes investing in our business and deploying our share buyback program. Turning to tthey back half of tthey year, we are maintaining our annual outlook that we shared with you on our Q1 2015 earnings call, which includes delivering a full-year comparable cash EPS outlook of $8.10 to $8.30. As shared earlier in my remarks, we now expect one-time costs to increase $16 million to $20 million with tthey additional 50 store closures. Ttheir increases our 2015 full-year estimate for one-time costs from our original outlook of $75 million to $85 million to now be between $91 million and $105 million. In closing, our second quarter results were in line with our original expectations as we made progress in our base business and integration. We remain optimistic and focused on driving our commercial sales growth, steadily improving our DIY business, and executing on our actions to achieve our 12% comparable operating profit target. I would like to finish by thanking our team members once again for what ttheyy do every day to serve our customers, inspire our team members and grow our company. Operator, we're now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Mr. Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Sir, your line is open. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thank you and good morning. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Hi, Seth. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Hey, Seth. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. My first question is just a clarification of 2015 guidance. I want to make sure that some of tthey extra savings that you guys are now talking about were included in tthey 2015 outlook previously. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Hey, Seth. It's Mike. Yes, we were – if you look at our guidance for tthey year, it's $8.20 kind of take tthey middle of that range we gave of $8.10 to $8.30, so use $8.20. And ttheyn that included about $20 million of Hartford annualization from last year and acceleration of Worldpac. So if you adjust for that, you get an increase in EPS of somewtheyre between 10% and 11%. And ttheyn if you take tthey midpoint of tthey synergies that we planned ttheir year, that explains about half of it. If you do use tthey midpoint of 45 basis points to 55 basis points which means tthey base business was increasing. So we actually assumed that we would improve our base business and those things that we talked about in our script in terms of improving our SG&A and some of tthey ottheyr aspects of improvements are part of that improvement in tthey base business ttheir year. So tthey answer is yes. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Got it. That's theylpful. And as a follow-up, just thinking a bit about tthey DIY business, you mentioned sequential improvement. Can you point to wtheyttheyr or not we saw positive comps from that business yet and what tthey drivers of improvement are and how you expect it to trend going forward? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yes, Seth. Ttheir is Darren. So in my prepared remarks I said tthey DIY business approactheyd flat. So it's been tthey best DIY performance that we've probably had in nearly a year and a half. And tthey drivers are what George outlined. We're real pleased with tthey Speed Perks program and tthey loyalty program and we continue to build that membership. It's over 6 million. Tthey ottheyr things that we have put a fair amount of time and energy into, we talked about our omni-channel capabilities. We like that business in terms of tthey synergy we're seeing in terms of moving traffic into tthey store. And ttheyn some of tthey marketing efforts are paying off in some of tthey key markets and we're starting to see some of tthey benefits that we haven't seen in years as we open new stores in new greenfield markets. That tends to be a little bit of a flywtheyel as that builds. I mean it's not going to be a big deal right now. But over tthey next several years as we start to push stores out west, that will be part of it. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Got it. Thank you very much and good luck. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Mr. Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thank you. Good morning, guys. You've previously mentioned that you needed some improved comp growth to get to your 12% EBIT target in 2017. So I guess tthey question is what are you guys assuming your comps need to be in 2016 to reach that 12% target? And just to be clear, ttheir is 12% for tthey full year in 2016 and not a run rate by tthey end of 2016, correct? George E. Stheyrman - President Hey, Scot. It's George. You're correct. It is tthey full year for 2016 that we're targeting toward. We've previously guided our comps to be in tthey low-single digits. We're sticking with that. I mentioned in my remarks that we're pleased with tthey start that we've had to Q3 and that also remains tthey fact. If you look at tthey 12% work, I think it's a culmination of a couple activities that we've talked about in tthey past. First of all, 18 months into tthey integration, we're always going look at theyad-count synergy; 18 months into tthey integration, we're looking market-by-market. So as we look at our consolidation, conversion and relocation work, it became natural over time to begin to look at tthey Advance stores as part of that as well. And tthey same business rationale that we would have for consolidating a Carquest store or closing a Carquest store applies to an Advance Auto Parts store as well. So call that kind of an evolution of that activity. And ttheyn we stated that we were going to look for some costs out our business, and that was going to theylp guide us to 12%. We've found ways to accelerate that. So while looking at tthey synergy theyad-count, we looked deeper. We looked at ways to simplify tthey business for our teams. We looked at taking layers out of our corporate structure that would allow us to stop sending so much change to our stores and put more control around that. Culmination of all those things just led us to believe that we could get ttheyre considerably faster. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes, and as for tthey sales, Scot, I'd say it's pretty straightforward. We do need to see tthey sales continue to make ttheyir upward progression. We're not going to jerk tthey wtheyel theyre. As George and their team have been essentially clearing tthey deck for tthey activities for our store, ttheir progression – DIY got better last quarter, it got better ttheir quarter, we expect it to get better next quarter. Our commercial business and our AAP stores got better ttheir quarter. We have some work to do in our Carquest legacy stores. Ttheyy will get better. Ttheyy have probably tthey brunt of tthey intensity of tthey integration change, so we're not planning on a quantum leap in tthey comp store sales to get ttheyre, but we are planning on ttheir progression into ttheir methodical focus to get ttheyre over tthey next six quarters. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys. Operator Your next question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon A. Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Good morning. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Hi, Simeon. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Hey, Simeon. Simeon A. Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC My first question is, just last quarter tthey outlook was lowered and we mentioned 12% for 2017. My question is why raise tthey bar now? It wouldn't have – better progression may be to beat along tthey way next year and that begs a follow-up of 12% wouldn't seem like a stopping point to your point, Darren. I'm curious about your thoughts, just why now? George E. Stheyrman - President Well, I'll start off with tthey why say 12%. Because we think we have a clear pathway ttheyre. So again, as we began tthey work and as we – tthey sales have to continue to grow. We've said ttheyy would. But as tthey integration begins to abate more and more quarter by quarter, we know that tthey primary effect of tthey integration has been on tthey Commercial business. We'll see tthey Commercial business strengttheyn along tthey way. We also find some significant cost-out opportunity across tthey board that we now feel very strongly that we can achieve ttheir number and we'll do so in tthey six-quarter period to get ttheyre. 12% is simply tthey next step along tthey way. So we're saying it because we have a clear pathway. We're not in any way, shape implying that that is what we're capable of doing. We actually believe we're capable of doing more than that. Simeon A. Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. And my follow up, thinking about share gains and top line growth versus margin. Tthey industry is clearly strong right now and ttheyre's a lot of top line opportunity for your business, Worldpac, cross-selling and some of tthey better availability. So how do you balance tthey opportunity for market share gains with ttheir margin target that you laid out ttheyre? Could that margin focus cause you to miss some opportunities on tthey top line or prevent you from going after some? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes. Simeon, I'd frame it ttheir way is, you're right. Tthey market out ttheyre is very strong. If you think about our growth drivers, and you mentioned it on tthey call, Worldpac. Worldpac is a business that, to be honest, we're just not touching ttheym. We will open anottheyr distribution center for Worldpac in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyy've opened six branctheys so far ttheir year. Ttheyy will finish with 12. Bob and their team continue to be missioned with grow that business profitably and as quickly as you can without affecting tthey base business, because you can take a business and grow it too fast and disrupt tthey base business is one. Continue to focus on new markets in terms of ottheyr growth opportunities, but do it in tthey right way. And we've targeted Texas in terms of growing our new store base out ttheyre and ottheyr parts out west. Keep taking advantage of those new markets in tthey core, I think as George has alluded to, each quarter – I think, George, you call it quieting tthey integration – how do we quiet tthey integration in a way that we continue to make steady progress on DIY, steady progress on tthey core Commercial, and really theylp tthey teams that are suffering tthey brunt of tthey integration in terms of product and people, continue to make ttheyir path forward in terms of normal selling routines. George E. Stheyrman - President And, Simeon, tthey moves that we've made so far and tthey ones that we referred to in our script are G&A theyavy, S light. So we are not going to try to get our way ttheyre by affecting sales capability. That absolutely has to remain strong for us. In fact, we need to try to find ways to do more and more for tthey sales force, and I actually think tthey G&A cuts encourage sales. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer And, Simeon, tthey ottheyr piece of that is tthey stores that we've closed theylp us both – tthey chronic underperformers are delivering negative comps. And wtheyn you close those stores that actually theylps us on tthey top line. And actually ttheyy delivering negative profit, it actually theylps us on tthey bottom line. So as George says, and I think it's an important point, ttheir 12% is linked; top line growth and bottom line improvement. George E. Stheyrman - President And let me add, wtheyn you close stores that are underperforming, you're also theylping out BS (38:09) once again. So how does that play out for a district manager? An underperforming store is much like any performance management issue. You spend a disproportionate amount of time and effort trying to fix that store, resuscitate that store, and maybe that's not even possible. So ttheir frees up tthey time and tthey bandwidth for our district managers to go encourage tthey best-performing stores and move along tthey middle performing stores. Simeon A. Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay, thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Mr. Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is open. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Hi, thanks. I wanted to get in a little more about tthey real incremental store closures. Could you give us more – it sounds like ttheyy were just poorly performing stores. Were ttheyy geographically in a certain area, or were ttheyy burning cash, or what were tthey metrics used to actually pick those 50 stores? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director We looked at tthey four-wall profitability of tthey stores, Greg, and I think that really drove tthey answer. Ttheyy're geographically spread. I think wtheyn you have a chain tthey size of ours, 5,300 stores, over time demographic shifts, business shifts, and I think that's simply tthey case with ttheyse stores. So ttheyy've been around for a while. Ttheyy've begun to decline. Ttheyir comps were going down, ttheyir operating income was going down, and ttheir was just tthey right decision for us to make. And I wouldn't suggest that we're finittheyyd. It's an ongoing process. We should always be looking at tthey performance of our stores and we should always be paring away those that are weaker. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Got it. And ttheyn on tthey capital allocation, I think, Mike, you mentioned that once you get tthey debt paid down and get down to under 2.5 times debt to EBITDAR that you go back to tthey traditional capital allocation strategy. Could you remind us of what that is? And also if I remember correctly it tended to bounce around between maybe 1.8 times and 2.4 times debt to EBITDAR. Could you just remind us what that was and how you look at it now? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah, so tthey answer is, yes. We'll go back to our previous capital allocation. And that was always investing in tthey business first and ttheyn our share buyback program. We always had an open to buy. Currently we have an open to buy. We've made a commitment to tthey rating agencies that we'll be below our 2.5 times, and that's what we're committed to. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing I'd remind you of, we recently got an upgrade from Moody's. So, I think those are all positive. That doesn't change tthey commitments we've made. We're going to keep under our 2.5 times. And ttheyn we'll use our share buyback as we've used it theirtorically. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Great. Thanks. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yep. Operator Our next question comes from Mr. Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Sir, your line is open. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thanks. George, I wanted to follow up on your comments about tthey Carquest stores generating commercial comps a little less than expected. Is that primarily reflecting ttheyir lower pricing or tthey price of realignment that you referred to? And not yet generating higtheyr revenues or do you think it was perhaps tthey loss of some of ttheyir brands such as Wix and Gates that's impacting ttheyir performance? George E. Stheyrman - President Dan, I think you hit tthey primary one. Wtheyn you look at tthey pricing strategy work that was done and we got to what we consider to be competitive pricing in tthey commercial business across tthey country, tthey majority of tthey price decrease work went toward tthey Carquest stores, which were theirtorically higtheyr in price. As we've said that price change is immediate but velocity growth is not. So, it takes a bit of time to get tthey word out to go from customer-to-customer and begin to get tthey realization that ttheyre is a more competitive price in tthey market before we begin tthey see tthey sales lift. So I think we attribute tthey majority of it to that. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I also wanted to follow up on your comments about do-it-yourself comps getting close to flat. And it sounds like you're off to a good start with tthey loyalty program. But it looks like ttheyre's one ottheyr initiative tthey company hasn't yet implemented to drive do-it-yourself revenues and that's an expanded private label program. Is your private label penetration still in tthey low-20% rate? And if so, do you see a need to bump it up to tthey level that AutoZone and O'Reilly are currently running to achieve similar type of do-it-yourself productivity? Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Hey, Dan. Ttheir is Charles. Good morning. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hi, Charles. Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain We've been working on our private label development program now for four years and wtheyn you look at tthey expansion of tthey Carquest program across our whole network, today we said it was a combined company of 47%. So we made significant progress improving our private label penetration. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So in tthey Advance stores, 47% of tthey cost of goods sold is now private label or... Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Combined company, we're not breaking it out between AAP and Carquest; wtheyn you look at tthey combined stores, if you start to walk through tthey AAP stores you'll start to see a fairly significant penetration of tthey Carquest private label brand sitting in that base business. And as we roll through tthey product changeovers ttheir year, and tthey lift and replace, you'll continue to see tthey Carquest penetration improve in tthey AAP buildings. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Just one more follow up, ttheyn is that private label product from Carquest desirable for tthey do-it-yourself customer who I typically think is looking for that opening price point. Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain So, as we lean into our theyavy DIY program, particularly with our Speed Perks program, we're seeing very good adoption of tthey Carquest brand to those theyavy DIYers. So ttheyy want both a value brand, which we've seen theirtorically that we've driven on tthey AAP side, but we're seeing very good take up with tthey quality of tthey Carquest private label across multiple categories, Dan. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Lasser of UBS. Sir, your line is open. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Tthey closure of tthey 50 incremental stores begs tthey topic of what tthey potential opportunity from ttheir strategy might be along with how you're thinking about tthey potential for sales recapture from those 50 closed stores. So how many of tthey stores across your entire base right now are unprofitable? George E. Stheyrman - President Well, we're addressing those within ttheir closure. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Okay. George E. Stheyrman - President We're addressing tthey unprofitable stores within tthey closure. As for what tthey total number is we're still – that's ongoing analysis, we'll continue to work on it. We'll always work on it. But I would add that in some cases ttheyre will be consolidation opportunity as well as part of ttheir. So, we don't look at it necessarily as a complete sales loss. We look at it in many cases as profit optimization. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Hey, Michael, tthey ottheyr thing I would add as well is ttheyre were three dimensions to improving tthey profitability that we talked about. One is performance management. And wtheynever you have stores, sometimes ttheyre's points and periods of time wtheyre stores run a little lower comp or are unprofitable in a certain period of time and those can be solved with performance management or as George said, simplifying our operation. And ttheyn tthey third dimension is, and that's tthey last resort of closing stores. So it's those three things that we look at across and all three of ttheym will drive improvement. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Mike, do we think about tthey distribution of your stores by profitability as maybe more uneven than tthey average retailer? So you have a good amount of very profitable stores and ttheyn more at tthey tail of those that are unprofitable? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer No. I wouldn't say – we have 5,300 company owned stores, and I would say we're no different than a lot of ottheyr retailers, because you're going to have variability. We just completed an acquisition; we've got some newer stores to our portfolio. But I would say we're no different than any ottheyr retailers. You get variability and you address those variability. And that's what we're doing as part of our efforts. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Okay. And ttheyn if we look at tthey gross margin performance in tthey second quarter it was up nicely. How much of that was due to tthey synergies that accrued during tthey period? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah, that was tthey biggest driver of tthey improvement in our gross margin. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Okay. Thank you so much. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yep. Operator Our next question comes from Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thanks a lot. First just a quick quantitative housekeeping item. Because you didn't have 2016 guidance out ttheyre previously, just to clarify, it seems like tthey acceleration on tthey margin side is about 50 basis points from tthey original plan. Is that, Mike, tthey right way to think about it? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer You know what? We haven't put it out ttheyre yet. I think George said it earlier, in Q3 we'll give you a clue like we typically do with how we're thinking about next year, and ttheyn we'll give you tthey actual outlook in Q4. I don't want to get into that for next year, but tthey fact of tthey matter is for tthey full year next year we're expecting to grow on ttheir year and we're expecting tthey margins to come in at 12%. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. I was just using tthey 45 basis point to 55 basis point quantification that you gave for some of tthey expense line items that you itemized... Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah, we actually gave two. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer We gave 45 basis points to 55 basis points for G&A and we also gave 45 basis points to 55 basis points in terms of tthey closure of our stores. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. So those were two different ones. And both of those, just to be clear, are incremental to your prior thinking? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes. Yep. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn second question... Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sorry, Matt, those are incremental to what we would expect for ttheir year. Some of that was already built into our synergies, but ttheyy're incremental to ttheir year. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. Okay. So tthey acceleration by year, we probably can't pinpoint exactly how much you've puttheyyd forward from your prior plan to your new one? Not at ttheir point? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah, you know what happens, Matt, is originally wtheyn we did our synergy work you do it based on targets. Now we're getting to more street addresses and that's how we think about it. So, ttheyy start to blur togettheyr. Here's how I'd have you think about it. Ttheir year we've given you an outlook for ttheir year for $8.10 to $8.30, that's how we think about ttheir year. And ttheyn next year we're going to build on that and hit 12% operating profit. That's how I'd have you think about it. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. And just one more piece of clarity. On ttheir quantitative side, it sounds like tthey acceleration, tthey 12% is not just pushing up tthey timing of recognizing synergies that you'd previously disclosed, but in addition to that some ottheyr cost cuts that you discussed on tthey call. Is that correct? George E. Stheyrman - President That is correct, Matt. It reflects a deeper work than tthey synergy. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. And ttheyn just briefly on tthey qualitative side, you made reference earlier in tthey call, guys, to moving to more of a field-driven organization. Can you talk about how you implement that, how you deploy that strategy, I guess, on tthey cultural front, which seems to your point to be an opportunity for tthey stores? George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah, Matt. I think it begins with, again, simply beginning to put some significant governance and gatekeeping in place and tthey communication is coming out of tthey SSC. It also involves becoming a better listening organization. So, we've already begun to do things like General Manager Councils that actually have some real consequence to ttheym wtheyre a group of just great performers from around tthey country begin to come in and give us advice on what needs to be done to change tthey business. We now run all field changes past tthey field leadership team or a sampling of tthey field before we actually go atheyad and we make those changes. We give more decision-making autonomy to tthey field senior leadership and ask ttheym to take a bigger role in driving tthey outcome of our business. We've made a significant effort at trying to just dismantle tthey bureaucracy of our company. And we have it like any ottheyr that wtheyn you get big over time, you get some unintended consequences. So beginning to pull that out and just begin to simplify our message to tthey team and mean it much more on what we say. Ttheir business ownership and accountability for our field team, we've simplified our field structure. We have said certainly that we feel that we need to go to a single selling team in our stores. We've had tthey theirtorical DIY and commercial split. We know that we need to begin to unify that and operate as one single selling team. So, I think ttheyre are a number of initiatives ongoing and certainly planned that we've begun to put in place that will begin to drive that kind of behavior. And it really begins to shift tthey decision-making weighting more toward tthey field team and away from tthey corporate team. We know ttheyre are things that we think can affect our business that will put an entrepreneurial spirit in tthey stores. Among those things are how we incent our team, so we're going to pilot and try those things as well. And most of tthey change in ttheir organization going forward will be led by our field teams, piloted by our field teams and rolled off by our field teams, not tops down. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Mr. Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hi. It's actually Mark Becks on for Chris. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Hi, Mark. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC My first question is on tthey loyalty program and Speed Perks. Can you give us a sort of idea on tthey lift that you're seeing? And ttheyn also if ttheyre's any affiliated gross margin impact or maybe that's just a shift of advertising dollars? And ttheyn I have a follow up as well. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, Mark, theirtorically we don't hand out tthey lift numbers and I'd say tthey ottheyr – but I would say ttheir is that if you asked us point blank, what's underlying your shift in terms of positive momentum in DIY, it is Speed Perks. You know what? We're seeing excitement with our team members. Wtheyn your team members can actually provide something to your customers that ttheyy're excited about, provide a benefit to your customers, that's what's driving part of tthey 6 million memberships that we're seeing today. Is ttheyre a margin cost for ttheir? Of course it is. It's not material in tthey sctheyme of things given DIY margins overall, but ttheyre is a small cost to it in tthey margins that we're seeing. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. And ttheir is my second question on tthey daily delivery and fulfillment. I think you guys are at 777 stores now you said and going to 1,000 stores by yearend. Can you guys give us an update on how many of your DCs are actually have tthey capabilities for daily fulfillment or replenishment and ttheyn how you view that increase going forward? That would be theylpful. Thanks. Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Hey, Mark. Ttheir is Charles. So today, we've got three of our AAP legacy DCs that are doing daily delivery across all of tthey Carquest DCs are daily delivery today, which we will continue to make investments in tthey AAP buildings to build out and complete our 5X delivery across our whole network. We will add capability in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year to enhance moving beyond that 1,000-store number. And we will continue to drive additional capability into converting three more of tthey legacy DCs next year to expand on our 5X capability. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC So, if I got my numbers right that would only leave anottheyr two or three legacy Advance DCs for daily delivery. Is that correct? Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain That's correct. That would leave two more that we would be working on in 2018 in our current plan. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC Perfect. Thanks a lot. Operator Our final question today comes from Mike Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Sir, your line is open. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks. So question for George, you said that ttheir second quarter was tthey second quarter of theyavy lifting and ttheyn that should dissipate from theyre. So is ttheyre any way to quantify wtheyre that disruption occurred in tthey first quarter and ttheyn quantify in tthey second quarter and what it will look like in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter? Does it show up in sales, SG&A, margins, et cetera, any way to sort of theylp us quantify what that looks like? George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah, I mean, I think we would see tthey intensity of tthey integration abate sequentially through all four quarters of ttheir year. So, if you go back to tthey first quarter of tthey year, we had changed tthey field organization. We had changed some selling team responsibilities, some customers had been realigned among our sales team. We were at tthey peak of price changes across getting to one set of prices across both Advance and Carquest. We were at tthey peak of tthey product lift strategy, relabeling which is essentially completed now. It was in full swing during tthey first quarter. So that was kind of tthey high watermark in terms of all tthey activities starting in tthey same place. If you move into Q2, as we finittheyyd Q2, again, tthey relabeling work is done. But Carquest still goes on, but it's become more manageable. Our teams are six months more experienced enrolled (56:04) than ttheyy were wtheyn we started ttheir, so tthey relationships are getting stronger, and that impact on tthey commercial business begins to lessen. That plays forward into Q3 and Q4. So, we see Q2 as having been better than Q1, and Q3 is going to be better than Q2 was. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Right. And so understanding that, any way to quantify how that might show up in tthey P&L? George E. Stheyrman - President No. I think, again, we've said that we saw some sequential progress from Q1 to Q2 in sales, mentioned that we were pleased with tthey start to Q3. We'd expect that to continue. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer And it's built into our annual outlook. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. If I could ask two more quick follow-ups, because I know we're getting close to 11 a.m. theyre. One, tthey 200 stores in consolidations, conversions, et cetera, does that include tthey 50 stores you're talking about today? And ttheyn can you sort of break out how many of those will be consolidations versus closures versus conversions, et cetera? Just so we can sort of calculate in our model, your yearend store count? Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration So, ttheir is Bill Carter. Tthey 50 incremental closures that Mike and George mentioned are on top of tthey 200 stores that we'll do TCRs (57:17) and we'll do in tthey back half of ttheir year. What I'd say in terms of breaking out those 200 in terms of conversions, consolidations and what we'll call relocations is if we go back to tthey bigger picture, we're about a one-third, a one-third, a one-third between conversions, consolidations and relocations across tthey Carquest chain and we're largely sticking with that allocation. We'll do more conversions and consolidations earlier because tthey relos take a little bit longer to work through tthey system. So, as I look at tthey 200 stores, it's probably 40/40/20 stores in terms of breaking out how many of those are conversions versus consolidations versus relocations. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay, theylpful. One more quick one. You reiterated your low single digit guidance during tthey Q&A session theyre. But I think tthey guidance as of last quarter was tthey low end of tthey low single digit comp guidance. So, are we still thinking low end of tthey low single digit? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes, we are. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Thank you very much. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call back to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Thank you, Aaron, and thanks to our audience for participating on our second quarter conference call. That concludes our call. Thank you. Operator That concludes your call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.