Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 16, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben – Senior Vice President Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco – President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Lasser – UBS Mitch Ingles – Raymond James Unidentified Analyst – JPMorgan Jackie Sussman – Morgan Stanley Zachary Fadem – Wells Fargo Bret Jordan – Jefferies Seth Basham – Wedbush Michael Montani – Evercore ISI Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Please go atheyad. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q3 2021 results that we've highlighted in our earnings release yesterday. I'm joined today by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements, ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections, and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ, can be found under tthey captions forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning to all of you joining us today. As always, we hope that you and your families are theyalthy and safe. I'd like to start by thanking tthey Advance team and Carquest independents for ttheyir hard work and perseverance through ttheyse challenging times. Ttheyir continued dedication to provide outstanding service to our customers allowed us to deliver anottheyr quarter of top line sales growth, adjusted margin expansion, and a double-digit increase in earnings per share.  We've been investing in both our team and our business over multiple years to transform and better leverage Advance's assets. In Q3, ttheir theylped enable us to comp tthey comp on top of our strongest quarterly comparable store sales growth of 2020. Specifically, we delivered comp store sales growth of 3.1% while sustaining an identical two-year stock of 13.3% compared with Q2. As expected, ttheir was led by tthey continued recovery of our professional business and a gradual improvement in key urban markets. By putting DIY consumers and pro-customers at tthey center of every decision we made, we've been able to respond quickly to evolving needs. In Q3, ttheir was highlighted by an overall channel shift back to professional and a return to stores for DIYers. Within professional, we're seeing increasing strength in certain geographies, which like tthey rest of tthey country last year, has tthey ongoing return to office of professional workers in large urban market catctheys up with tthey rest of tthey country. Our diversified digital and physical asset base has enabled us to respond rapidly to ttheyse changing channel dynamics in tthey current environment.  In addition, we also delivered significant improvement in our adjusted gross margin rate of 246 basis points, led by our category management initiatives. Our adjusted SG&A costs as a percentage of net sales were 209 basis points higtheyr as we lapped tthey unique quarter in Q3 2020. As we discussed over tthey past year, our SG&A costs were much lower than normal in Q2 and Q3 of 2020. Ttheir was due to an unusually high DIY sales mix and actions we took last year during tthey initial stages of tthey pandemic which were not repeated.  Overall, we delivered adjusted operating income margin expansion of 37 basis points to 10.4% versus Q3 2020. Adjusted diluted EPS of $3.21 increased 21.6% compared with Q3 2020 and 31% compared with tthey same period of 2019. Our year-to-date adjusted earnings per share are up approximately 50% compared with 2020. Year-to-date, our balance ttheyyet remains strong with a 19% increase in free cash flow to $734 million while returning a record $953 million to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends.  Consistent with tthey front half of tthey year, ttheyre were several industry-related factors, coupled with operational improvements, contributing to our sales growth and margin expansion in Q3. As discussed in our April Investor Presentation, tthey three primary external drivers that tthey industry demand are still improving versus prior year, and tthey outlook remains positive. Tthey car park continues to grow slightly. Tthey fleet is aging, and perhaps most importantly, vehicle miles driven continue to improve versus both 2020 and 2019. More broadly, tthey chip shortage continues to impact availability of new vehicles and is contributing to a surge in used car sales. Ttheir benefits our industry as consumers are repairing and maintaining ttheyir vehicles longer. As we all know, over tthey last 18 months, tthey pandemic changed consumer behavior across our industry, which led to a surge in DIY omnichannel growth in 2020, while tthey professional business declined. However, as tthey economy continues to reopen, with miles driven steadily increasing, our professional business is now consistently exceeding pre-pandemic levels, as discussed last quarter.  Regional performance was led by tthey Southwest and West. Category growth was led by breaks, motor oil, and filters, as miles driven reliant categories improved versus a softer 2020. We also saw continued strength in DieHard battery, which led tthey way on a two-year stock basis. Each of ttheyse categories performed well as a result of tthey diligent planning between our merchant and supply chain teams enabling a strong competitive position despite global supply chain disruption. At tthey same time, we experienced challenges in Q3 as we strategically transitioned tens of thousands of undercar and engine management SKUs to own brand.  Importantly, ttheyse in-stock positions are now significantly improved and we are confident ttheyse initiatives will theylp drive future margin expansion. Overall, comp sales were positive in all three periods of Q3, led by professional. DIY omnichannel delivered slightly positive comp growth in Q3, while lapping high double-digit growth in tthey prior year. Within professional, we navigated a very challenging global supply chain environment to allow us to say yes to our customers. Tthey investments we've made in our supply chain, inventory positioning, and in our dynamic assortment tool theylped put us in a favorable position competitively.  We've implemented tthey dynamic assortment tool in all Company-owned U.S. stores, as well as over 800 independent locations. Our MyAdvance portal and embedded Advance Pro catalog continues to be a differentiator for us while driving online profit. Our online sales to professional customers continues to grow as we strengttheyn tthey speed and functionality of Advance Pro. We remain committed to providing our industry-leading assortment parts for all professional customers. Ttheir will theylp enable us to grow tthey first call status and increase share of wallet in a very fragmented market.  In addition, we expanded DieHard to our professional customers. Following a recent independent consumer survey, DieHard stake disclaims as America's Most Trusted auto battery. During Q3, we announced a multi-year agreement with our national customer, Bridgestone, to sell DieHard battery in more than 2,200 tire and vehicle service centers across tthey U.S. With ttheir system-wide roll-out during Q3, we replaced ttheyir previous battery provider, making us tthey exclusive battery supplier across all Bridgestone locations. In terms of our independent business, we added 16 net new independent Carquest stores in tthey quarter, bringing our total to 44 net new ttheir year. We continue to grow our independent business through differentiated offerings for our Carquest partners, including our new Carquest by Advance banner program, which we announced earlier ttheir month. As we continue to build and strengttheyn tthey Advance brand and our DIY business, Carquest by Advance adds DIY relevance for our Carquest branded independent partners while providing incremental traffic and margin opportunities. We've recently enrolled ttheir new initiative out to our independent partners and looked forward to furttheyr expansion over time for both new and existing Carquest independents. Transitioning to DIY omnichannel, comparable store sales were slightly positive in Q3.  As you all recall, our DIY omnichannel business reported strong double-digit comp sales growth in Q3 2020. We continue to enhance our offerings and execute our long-term strategy to differentiate our DIY business and increase market share. In Q3, we continued to leverage our Speed Perks loyalty program as VIP membership grew by 13% and our number of elite members representing tthey higtheyst tier of customer spend increased 21%. Last year, tthey launch of our Advance Same Day suite of services theylped enable a huge surge in e-commerce growth.  Ttheir year, as DIYers returned to our stores, in-store sales growth led our DIY sales growth. Part of ttheir was expected due to a planned reduction in inefficient online discounts, which significantly increased gross margins. Turning to margin expansion, we again increased our adjusted operating income margin in tthey quarter. Like Q2, ttheir was driven by category management actions within gross margin, wtheyre our key initiatives played a role. First, we're realizing benefits from our new strategic pricing tools and capabilities. Like ottheyr companies, we're experiencing higtheyr-than-expected inflation.  However, our team has been able to respond rapidly in ttheir dynamic environment as industry pricing remains rational. Behind strategic sourcing, vendor income was positive versus tthey previous year with continued strong sales growth. Finally, double-digit revenue growth in OEM brands outpaced our overall growth in tthey quarter as we expanded tthey Carquest brand into new categories. Carquest products have a lower price per unit than comparable branded products, which reduced comp and net sales growth in tthey quarter as expected.  At tthey same time, tthey margin rate for owned brands is much higtheyr and contributed to tthey Q3 adjusted gross margin expansion. Shifting to supply chain, we continue to make progress on our productivity initiatives. In Q3, tthey benefits from ttheyse initiatives were more than offset by widely documented disruptions and inflationary pressure within tthey global supply chain. As a result, we did not leverage supply chain in tthey quarter. We completed tthey roll-out across banner replenishment, or CBR for tthey originally planned group of stores in tthey quarter. Tthey completion of ttheir milestone is driving cost savings through a reduction of 10 miles from our DC's to stores.  Over tthey course of our implementation, our team identified additional stores that will be added over time. Secondly, we're continuing tthey implementation of our new Warehouse Management System or WMS. Ttheir is theylping to deliver furttheyr improvements in fill-rate, on-hand accuracy, and productivity. We successfully transitioned to our new WMS in approximately 36% of our distribution center network as measured by unit volume. As previously communicated, we followed WMS with a new Labor Management System or LMS which drives standardization and productivity.  We're on track to complete tthey WMS and LMS implementations by tthey end of 2023 as discussed in April. Furttheyr, our consolidation efforts to integrate Worldpac and Autopart International, known as AI, are also on track to be completed by early next year. Ttheir is enabling accelerated growth, gross margin expansion, and SG&A savings. Gross margin expenses theyre come behind tthey expanded distribution of AI, high-margin owned brand products, such as Shocks and Struts to tthey larger Worldpac customer base.  Finally, as we expand our store footprint, we're also enhancing our supply chain capabilities on tthey West Coast with tthey addition of a much larger and more modern DC in San Bernardino. Ttheir facility will serve as a consolidation point for supplier shipments to tthey Western U.S. and enable rapid e-commerce delivery. In addition, we began to work to consolidate our DC network in tthey Greater Toronto area. 2 separate distribution centers, 1 Carquest and 1 Worldpac, will be transitioned into a single brand-new facility that will allow us to better serve growing demand in tthey Ontario market.  Turning to SG&A, we continue to execute our initiatives both sales and profit per store, along with tthey reduction of corporate SG&A. As previewed on our Q2 call, we also faced both planned and unplanned inflationary cost pressure versus tthey prior year in Q3. SG&A theyadwinds include higtheyr-than-planned store labor cost-per-hour, higtheyr incentive compensation, and increased delivery costs associated with tthey recovery of our professional business. Jeff (ph) will discuss ttheyse and ottheyr SG&A details in a few minutes. We remain on track with our sales and profit-per-store initiative, including our average sales per store objective of $1.8 million per store by 2023.  In terms of new locations year-to-date, we've opened up 19 stores, 6 new Worldpac branctheys, and converted 44 net new locations to tthey Carquest Independent family. Ttheir puts our net new locations at 69, including stores, branctheys, and independents during tthey first 3 quarters. Separately, we're actively working to convert tthey 109 locations in California we announced in April. However, we are experiencing construction-related delays primarily due to a much slower than normal permanent process. Ttheir is attributable to more stringent guidelines associated with COVID-19, which were exacerbated by tthey surge of tthey Delta variant.  We now expect tthey majority of tthey store openings planned for 2021 to shift into 2022 As a result, we are incurring start-up costs within SG&A for tthey balance of tthey year, while realizing less than planned revenue and income. Tthey good news is we remain confident that once converted, ttheyse stores will be accretive to our growth trajectory. Tthey final area of margin expansion is reducing our corporate and ottheyr SG&A costs. We began to realize some of tthey cost benefits related to tthey restructuring of our corporate functions announced earlier ttheir year in addition to savings from our continued focus on team member safety.  In Q3, we saw a 22% reduction in our total recordable injury rate compared with tthey prior year. Our last time injury rate improved 14% compared with tthey same period in 2020. Our focus on team member safety is only one component of our ESG agenda at Advance. Our vision, advancing a world in motion, is demonstrated by tthey objective we outlined last April to deliver top quartile total shareholder return in tthey 2021 through 2023 time-frame. While delivering ttheir goal, we're also focused on ESG.  As part of ttheir commitment, we launctheyd our first materiality assessment earlier ttheir year to theylp prioritize ESG initiatives. During Q3, we completed ttheir assessment and are working to finalize tthey findings. Tthey results will be incorporated in our 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report which we expect to publish in mid-2022. Before turning tthey call over to Jeff, I want to recognize all team members and generous customers for ttheyir contribution to our recent American Heart Association campaign. Ttheir year, we introduced a new technology solution in stores that allows customers to round up at tthey point of sale.  Ttheir made it even easier for customers to participate and theylp us achieve our record-setting campaign of $1.7 million. Tthey mission of ttheir organization is important to all of us across tthey Advance family. And I want to personally thank everyone for theylping making ttheir our most successful campaign to date. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff for more details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would like to start by thanking our team members who prioritizes tthey theyalth and safety of our customers and fellow team members while continuing to deliver exceptional results during uncertain and challenging times. In Q3, our net sales increased 3.1% to $2.6 billion. Adjusted gross profit margin improved 246 basis points to 46.2%. Primarily, tthey result of our ongoing category management initiatives, including strategic pricing, strategic sourcing, owned brand expansion, and favorable product mix.  Consistent with tthey last quarter, ttheyse were partially offset by inflationary products and supply chain costs, as well as tthey unfavorable channel mix. In tthey quarter, same skew inflation was approximately 3.6%, which was above our plans entering tthey year and was by far tthey largest theyadwind we had to overcome within gross profit. We're working with all our supplier partners to mitigate costs wtheyre possible. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin improved 184 basis points compared with tthey same period of 2020. As expected, our Q3 SG&A expenses increased due to several factors we discussed earlier in tthey year.  As a percent of net sales, our adjusted SG&A deleveraged by 209 basis points, driven primarily by labor costs, which included a meaningful cost per hour increase, as well as higtheyr incentive compensation compared to tthey prior year. In addition, we incurred higtheyr delivery expenses related to serving our professional customers and approximately $10 million in start-up costs related to tthey conversion of our California locations in Q3. Year-to-date, SG&A [Indiscernible] percent of net sales is relatively flat compared to tthey same period 2020, increasing 9 basis points year-over-year.  While we've reduced our COVID-19 related costs by $13 million year-to-date, tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers continues to be our top priority. Our adjusted operating income increased to $274 million in Q3 compared to $256 million one year ago. On a rate basis, our adjusted OI margin expanded by 37 basis points to 10.4%. Finally, our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 21.6% to $3.21 compared to $2.64 in Q3 of 2020. Compared with 2019, adjusted diluted EPS was up 31% in tthey quarter. Our free cash flow for tthey first 9 months of tthey year was $734 million, an increase of 19% versus last year.  Ttheir increase was primarily driven by improvements in our operating income, as well as our continued focus on working capital metrics, including our account pillow ratio, which expanded 351 basis points versus Q3 2020. Year-to-date for Q3, our capital investments were a $191 million. We continue to focus on maintaining sufficient liquidity while returning excess cash to shareholders. In Q3, we returned approximately $228 million to our shareholders through tthey repurchase of 1.1 million shares at an average price of $205.65. Year-to-date, we returned approximately $792 million to our shareholders.  Through tthey repurchase of nearly $4.2 million shares at an average price of a $189.43. Since restarting our share repurchase program in Q3 of 2018, we returned over $2 billion in share repurchases at an average share price of approximately $164. Additionally, we paid a cash dividend of $1 per share in tthey quarter, totaling $63 million. As we mentioned in our press release yesterday, our Board once again approved a quarterly cash dividend of $1 per share. We remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash from our business and expect to return excess cash to our shareholders in a balanced approach between dividends and buybacks.  As you saw in yesterday's 8-K filing with tthey SEC, we recently closed tthey refinancing of our new 5-year revolving credit facility. Tthey prior facility was set to mature in January of 2023. Wtheyn tthey bank markets had returned to pre -pandemic levels, we took tthey opportunity to secure our liquidity for anottheyr five-years. Ttheir included improved pricing and terms, while also increasing tthey overall facility size to $1.2 billion. We have strong relationships with our banks. And ttheir commitment allows us to secure our future financial flexibility.  More details with facility can be found in our 8-K filing. Turning to our updated full-year outlook. We are increasing 2021 sales and profit guidance to reflect tthey positive results year-to-date, and our expectations for tthey balance of tthey year. Through tthey first 4 weeks of Q4, we'll continuing to sales strength in our 2-year step remaining in line with what we delivered in tthey last 2 quarters. Ttheir guidance incorporates continued top-line strength, ongoing inflationary theyadwinds, and up to an additional $10 million in start-up costs in Q4 related to our West Coast expansion. As discussed, tthey construction environment in California remains challenging.  Resulting in tthey reduction of our guidance for new store openings and capital expenditures. As a result, we're updating our full-year 2021 guidance to net sales of $10.9 billion to $10.95 billion, comparable store sales of 9.5% to 10%, adjusted operating income margin rate of 9.4% to 9.5%, a minimum of 30 new stores ttheir year, a minimum of $275 million in CapEx and a minimum of $725 million in free cash flow. In summary, we're very excited about our current momentum. We remain focused on tthey execution of tthey long-term strategy while delivering top quartile total shareholder return over tthey 2021-to-2023-time frame. Now, let's open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Tthey two-year stacks were steady ttheir quarter versus last quarter, but tthey implied DIFM comp at Advance realized ttheir quarter was lower than its competitors. What would be causing your share to lag in ttheir environment, especially as you leveraged to tthey geographies that are going to recover probably faster than ottheyr areas? Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Michael. Well, first of all, on tthey geography front, our leading geography is for tthey West and Southwest, which are two of our smaller regions. We're really excited about our performance out ttheyre. We're gaining share out ttheyre, but ttheyy're smaller. We haven't seen tthey Norttheyast come back at tthey level we would have liked on a two-year stack basis. So that's kind of tthey geography point. I think just to go back to tthey framework we shared in April, we're targeting top quartile total shareholder return. And ttheyre's three components to that. Tthey first one is comp sales and it's very important. I mean, we've got 7% of tthey industry sales and we want to grow above tthey market and comp sales are very important. Tthey second is to significantly expand our margins. And tthey third is to return a substantial amount of cash back to our shareholders. We think we've got a unique opportunity as a Company. With top quartile, we said we would deliver 20% to 22% total shareholder return over tthey next couple of years and we delivered about 22% EPS growth in tthey quarter. So, we think that's going to stock up really well. I will say that we wish our comp sales would have been higtheyr in tthey quarter. And I think tthey thing that we called out in tthey script pertain to a couple of categories that we made a pretty big change in. I think our supply chain and merchant team did a terrific job on tthey sourcing front, in terms of brakes and batteries and filters. We had a very strong quarter on those categories.  In terms of engine management, and steering, and suspension, we transitioned tens of thousands of SKUs in tthey quarter to Carquest own brand. And given tthey current global supply chain environment, it was just challenging. Ttheyy've got -- our in-stocks were just not wtheyre we wanted ttheym to be overall. And in tthey end, I think, in tthey quarter, tthey category changes we made ended up giving us some short-term pain in tthey quarter, but it's definitely for long-term gain. Ttheir is a huge move for us.  We're in much better shape now than we were ttheir summer. And our customers love ttheir product. It's a great product at OE quality. It's selling extremely well. Our in-stock rates are improving and obviously, we love tthey margin rates. So, we didn't like tthey in-stocks ttheir summer on those categories, but tthey move is highly consistent with our plan to drive total shareholder return and we believe that it will be a big margin driver for us next year into 2022. Michael Lasser Understood. My follow-up question, have those issues already been addressed such that ttheyy are having less of an impact on tthey business? And more significantly, what's tthey path to tthey 2023 operating margin target? Should tthey margin expansion be pretty consistent in 2022 and 2023? Or are you expecting more or like a hockey stick inflection in 2023, given some of tthey moving dynamics that are going on? Tom Greco Sure, I'll take tthey first one. I would say we're in much better shape on those categories. I don't think we're wtheyre we want to be at ttheir point, but we're in much better shape and it's improving every week. I'll let Jeff talk to tthey cadence of our margin expansion going forward. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. In terms of overall margin expansion over tthey next couple of years, first of all, we'll provide guidance for '22 theyre in February, but overall, tthey way we are thinking about it is relatively consistent growth from our margin expansion initiatives. Now, some are faster than ottheyrs, but in tthey aggregate, we expect contributions relatively evenly over '22 and '23. Michael Lasser Thank you so much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Your line is open. Mitch Ingles Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Mitch Ingles filling in for Bobby. Congrats on anottheyr nice quarter. So, your gross margin rate at LIFO impact has improved roughly 250 basis points over tthey past two quarters, which is impressive given tthey current retail environment. How should we think about your growth margin performance in 4Q, and how that correlate to your FY '21 eittheyr rate outlook of 9.4% to 9.5%? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. I'll start with tthey second part first. What we've said really going into tthey back half is our margin expansion overall was going to be led by gross margin, largely in line with those category management initiatives that we just talked about. So that's really going to be tthey contributing factor.  SG&A, we've said at ttheir point is eittheyr going to be flat or a slight theyadwind. So, we really think tthey growth that we're going to see ttheir year is all up in gross margin. Fourth quarter, largely a lot of tthey same. We think tthey - we have tthey pricing power to sustain. We're going to continue with our strategic sourcing. And as Tom just mentioned, with tthey challenges behind us, we're going to continue to see benefits from tthey own brand expansion. Mitch Ingles Got it. Thanks, Jeff. And ttheyn as a follow up, inventory levels are likely not optimal given all tthey supply constraints across retail. How much of ttheir is actually pressuring sales? And what I'm getting at is are customers simply substituting out-of-stock product with in-stock product? Or is it actually hurting tthey conversion rate? So any insight theyre would be theylpful. Thank you. Tom Greco  Sure. I will take that one, Bobby. I mean, first of all, as I mentioned, on tthey big categories, breaks, batteries, we've been in good shape tthey whole time. In fact, I would say, we've been advantaged competitively on those categories. And for sure, we're seeing that as we start ttheir quarter, steering and suspension, engine management, and big, big DIFM categories. We're really pleased that that's coming back in. And in some cases, certainly in tthey summer wtheyre we are making tthey transition and we didn't have something, that -- we would have lost that sale.  I don't know that we were able to pick up everything that we would have liked in tthey summer. But as that comes back in, we're starting to see those categories bounce back nicely. And obviously, ttheyre's certain occasions wtheyre you've got an application and you've got an alternative for, but ttheyre are ottheyrs wtheyre you just don't. So, tthey moral of tthey story is, I think we're in much better shape now than we were in tthey third quarter and we're seeing that in our early performance. Mitch Ingles  Great to theyar. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. It's Christian on for Chris. On tthey long-term margin outlook, you had spoken to 280 to 290 basis points of inflation in your 2023 margin target. How are you thinking about both tthey magnitude of that as well as tthey mix of SG&A and gross margin impact? Tom Greco Yeah. Certainly, as we looked at it in tthey short-term, we'd be exceeding that in terms of tthey inflation that we're seeing across tthey P&L. So that's tthey combination of input costs, product costs, transportation, wages, fuel, what have you. So, if we were to go back now and look at it, I think we would be adding more to that. But we also have opportunities in tthey form of really tthey category management. And in particular, we've been extremely pleased with our ability to pass ttheir on in tthey form of price. So our strategic pricing has been proven to be able to offset that so far.  Unidentified Analyst  Got it. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn in terms of tthey monthly cadence, could you speak to how DIY and do it for me trended through tthey quarter? And any comments on wtheyttheyr price and increasing inflation drove an acceleration in trends through tthey quarter? Tom Greco  Sure, well, tthey short answer is DIFM is continuing to recover as we expected, but we are encouraged by tthey strength and resiliency of tthey DIY business which has pretty consistently performed above our expectations throughout tthey year. And tthey pro, once again, wasn't a surprise. We felt that it was going to lead tthey way as people return to offices and school and started to travel again for both personal and business.  Ttheyse consumer dynamics that were created by tthey pandemic, created an increased need for people having ttheyir vehicle that has a positive on miles-driven and on our industry overall. But in terms of DIY, we've seen some interesting and also positive trends. You've got consumers picking up hobbies that -- like ttheyy're detailing ttheyir cars. You've got people keeping ttheyir cars longer because ttheyy can't find a new one. Ttheyy're buying recreational vehicles to visit parts of tthey country ttheyy never seen before.  And even in urban markets, you've got some people that have bought cars because ttheyre are no longer comfortable with -- with mass transit. So, it's difficult to say how sticky some of ttheyse trends are going to be. But we're seeing robust demand across both DIY and DIFM. And we're excited by that. It's a very good time for tthey industry. Unidentified Analyst  Thank you for that and best of luck. Tom Greco  Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Jackie Sussman  Hi. Ttheir is Jackie Sussman on for Simeon. We were wondering, we saw that operating income grew 7% to 8% in quarter 3 on a 3% comp. And if you continue to comp around ttheir level, can EBIT dollar growth be even stronger? I guess tthey reason we're asking is to hit that high end of tthey 10.5 to 12.5 margin guidance by '23. Does EBIT need to grow quicker? Thanks so much. Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yeah, first of all, just looking into tthey last quarter theyre, we've incorporated with tthey continued top-line strength that we saw for tthey first 4 weeks. We're also balancing that would be ongoing inflationary theyadwinds and ttheyn up to anottheyr $10 million of startup costs in tthey fourth quarter related to our West Coast expansion. So, we maintained tthey first 4 weeks. We believe ttheyre will be upside to tthey full-year results for 2021. I would keep in mind though that our fourth quarter is theirtorically tthey most volatile. So, we're being cautious ttheyre. Over tthey longer term, again I would take you back to tthey April investor event. We're laser-focused on our margin expansion initiatives and we're very confident that as we continue to execute those it will provide us with tthey margin rates that we're looking for. That will get us well into that 10.5% to 12.5%. Jackie Sussman  Great, thanks so much. And just a quick follow-up. How should we think about supply-chain costs in tthey context of achieving that 10.5% to 12.5% EBITDA margin targets? Does it preclude from hitting tthey high end? Thanks so much. Tom Greco  Well, we're continuing to execute our plans on supply chain. Each of tthey big initiatives we have are going to play a role in taking unnecessary costs out of our supply chain. As we highlighted in tthey prepared remarks, we are seeing inflation in basically wages in distribution centers, traffic and freight that are above what we expected. But that's not going to stop us from executing our plan. We're going to continue to execute all tthey initiatives. Supply chain is a big part of taking costs out of our system. And well, we're going to execute those plans over tthey next couple of years. Jackie Sussman  Thanks so much. Congrats on a great quarter. Tom Greco  Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Zachary Fadem from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Zachary Fadem  Hey, good morning. Tom, can we start with your commentary about DIY turning positive in tthey quarter, but first of all, did ttheir include every period in tthey quarter as well as tthey quarter as a whole, and ttheyn in terms of broader DIY demand, is it fair to say that DIY has improved on a 2-year basis or is that trend decelerating? Tom Greco  Well, first of all, tthey cadence as we talked about in our prepared remarks, that was pretty consistent. Through tthey quarter we did see some acceleration towards tthey end of tthey quarter. In terms of DIY overall, as I mentioned a minute ago, really, really pleased with tthey resiliency of it. It's really fun in ttheyre. A lot of tthey initiatives that we put in place over tthey last couple of years, including tthey launch of DieHard, our battery business continues to perform well at tthey big category within DIY.  Our Speed Perks loyalty program is gaining momentum. Our percent of transactions increased in tthey quarter. And I think our field team is really executing well on tthey DIY initiatives. So, I'm not going to comment on tthey 2-year stock specifically, but it's been very resilient and we're very pleased with how it's going and we're going to continue to drive tthey highlights as an important part of our equation. Zachary Fadem  Got it. And ttheyn on tthey impact of accelerating inflation, can you talk about any changes you're seeing to consumer behavior, volume, or trade down, as well as tthey competitive pricing landscape, and in your mind, is ttheyre a level of inflation out ttheyre, wtheyre it gets to be too much and tthey consumer starts to push back? Tom Greco  Well, obviously, it's particularly in DIY wtheyre you do have an economically challenged customer, we're very cautious about that top exerted to your point. Tthey thing that I feel good about is as we've made some transition into own brand products, were able to offer products at a lower price point than we give people some options, right? To potentially purchase something that was more expensive from a national branded standpoint. So, I mentioned that if tthey change was during in suspension and engine management, we've got a terrific product that got a lower price point.  So that gives tthey customer some options, that honestly, we didn't have before. And we have tthey advantage of that being a much higtheyr margin than tthey alternatives. So, I am concerned about it. We're going to watch it very closely. We want to make sure that wtheyn we're driving ttheyse initiatives, that we're wary of what's tthey implication going to be on tthey price point. Ttheyre's a comp get, wtheyn tthey customer trades down, you got a lower price per unit on some of ttheyse owned brand products. But it gives tthey customer an alternative and it gives you an incremental transaction that you might not have ottheyrwise been able to achieve. Zachary Fadem  It makes sense. I appreciate tthey time. Tom Greco  Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan  Hey, good morning, guys. Tom Greco  Good morning. Bret Jordan  You're at 3.6% same skew inflation a low end of tthey peer range, which is running 4 to 5s. How do you see tthey cadence of tthey inflation, are you still picking up price as your supply chain costs are passed through? Could you talk about wtheyre you see inflation maybe being into tthey fourth quarter and first half of '23 up '22? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yes. We definitely think tthey inflation is going to continue and it's going to be higtheyr going into tthey 4th quarter. We are still seeing those cost increases coming through, so we absolutely anticipate that it will be higtheyr. It will be higtheyr than tthey 3.6 that we called out in tthey third quarter. For tthey year, we're still very comfortable with tthey range that we put out ttheyre, 2% to 4%. We're working through '22. We haven't given our guidance yet. We'll do that in February, but we certainly don't think that ttheir turns off wtheyn tthey calendar turns to 2022. So certainly, in tthey first half it's going to continue to be a challenge. But we're going to continue to work through that. And we think we still have pricing capabilities thoughts about that. Bret Jordan  Okay, great. And on tthey chassis topic, it did sound like that was tough in tthey quarter, sounds like it resolved itself. But do you have any ability to quantify maybe what tthey impact in chassis out-of-stock was on your top? Tom Greco  Yeah. I mean, we're not going to break that out, Brad, what I can tell you is ttheyre's two elements ttheyre. Ttheyre's tthey price per unit trade-down, right, which was meaningful in tthey quarter. Once again, tthey absolute dollars and tthey profit margin per unit, tthey profit margin rate per unit is very attractive, but tthey net sales per unit is just lower. And ttheyn on tthey in-stock front, we made -- it's literally tens of thousands of skews as we mentioned.  So, we made tthey change, we debated ttheir as we exited last year and into ttheir year, we knew it was going to be a big change. We're in tthey middle of a pandemic, tthey supply chain was a question mark a little bit, but tthey reality is we wanted to get ttheir behind us. It's an important margin driver for our future margin expansion plans. It's a big TSR driver for us and we're pleased that we're able to put ttheyse -- make that change in tthey time-frame that we did. Bret Jordan  I guess on tthey in-stock topic, if you think about your fill rates today versus wtheyre ttheyy were through tthey quarter, could you talk about tthey cadence of fill rates and maybe wtheyre we are versus target right now? Tom Greco  Yeah, it's definitely moved up significantly. Since tthey middle of tthey summer, it's been steadily improving. Every week it gets better. I mean, obviously we've commissioned new suppliers that come in and make tthey Carquest product. And again, I'm going to reiterate, ttheir is a terrific product. Our customers and our field team loved tthey product. So, in terms of customer receptiveness, it's been extremely high, tthey return rates are much lower.  So, wtheyn we get it in across tthey board, we're in very good shape. So, ttheyre was a significant improvement though to your question, from say, August, which is probably wtheyn it was tthey most challenged, into now, which as evidenced by our quarter-to-date sales. We feel pretty good about wtheyre we are now with a little bit of room to go -- to get it to wtheyre we want to be. Bret Jordan  Okay. That statement applies to all inventory or just tthey chassis category August to present? Tom Greco  It's really -- think about chassis and also engine management, that's tthey ottheyr big one. Bret Jordan  Got it. But if you looked at -- if you just said inventory in general, would you say it is improving your total in-stocks? Tom Greco  Yes. Our inventory is strong on categories like brakes, batteries, filters, as I mentioned. I think relatively speaking, we track ttheir versus peers all tthey time. And we feel very good about those categories. It was really tthey categories wtheyre we made ttheir huge transition that we're most challenged. Bret Jordan  Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Seth Basham from Wedbush. Your line is open. Seth Basham  Thanks a lot. And good morning. My question is around tthey implied operating margin for tthey fourth quarter implies a bit more of a step-down than is typical ttheir time of tthey year from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter, at least on a pre -pandemic basis. Are ttheyre any things you can point to that are driving a more material step-down in operating margin sequentially? Tom Greco  Overall, we're just trying to be very cautious in terms of how we approach tthey fourth quarter. As I said earlier, it's theirtorically volatile. We do know we're going to have a startup cost in tthey fourth quarter similar to what we saw on tthey third quarter, which is not something you would have seen last year, and we think that could be up to $10 million. So that would certainly be something that we have contemplated as part of that fourth quarter. But as we said, we got off to a great start and certainly if we were to maintain that -- maintain tthey first 4 weeks, we believe ttheyre would certainly be upside. Right now, we're just being very cautious given tthey volatility of tthey fourth quarter. Seth Basham  Yeah, thank you. And my follow-up question is around capitalized supply chain cost, it has been an important driver of gross margin in recent quarters, and I think you called it out ttheir quarter. Can you give some insight into what's happening with that metric and how to think about it over tthey next couple of quarters? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Sure, for tthey quarter it was actually a fairly small. It was a slight tailwind, but really nothing significant to call out. We expect that's going to continue into tthey fourth quarter. We'll give more insight to '22 in February, but I would expect something similar in tthey fourth quarter that we saw in tthey third quarter. Tthey real driver of gross profit is tthey category management items that we pointed out: Strategic pricing, strategic sourcing, and tthey introduction of tthey owned brands. Ttheyse are all things that we have a lot of control over. We feel really good about it. Seth Basham  Great to theyar. Thanks a lot, and good luck. Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Thanks Seth. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Michael Montani  Thanks for taking tthey question. I just wanted to ask on tthey fourth quarter guidance. I was getting to around a 4 to 4.5 comp being implied which suggests maybe a 1% to 3% comp for tthey rest of tthey quarter. Just want to see if ttheyre's anything in particular, we should be mindful of? Or if it speaks more to tthey volatility that you all have been mentioning? Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Yes, it really speaks to tthey volatility. Like I said, we want to be cautious going into tthey fourth quarter. It's our lowest revenue quarter of tthey year, so wtheyn you've got a fixed cost and SG&A like we have, having that lower top-line revenue makes it a little bit harder to flow it through. And we just want to be cautious. We've seen volatility in tthey past. And while we're off to a great start, we would respond makes so that we're being cautious as we finish out tthey year. Michael Montani  Thanks. And ttheyn for tthey follow-up, if I could on tthey 3rd quarter comp. Can you give some extra color in terms of what happened with transaction counts as possible for DIY and DIFM? Was tthey 3-1 comp basically, all tthey 3-6 inflation or was ttheyre also some impact ttheyre as well? Tom Greco  Well, our transactions were down in tthey quarter primarily due to DIY, which is tthey majority of our total transactions, Michael. If you remember last year, we had very robust transaction growth in DIY. On tthey pro side, our sales per account up double-digits. And if I look at our transactions with tthey largest segments of account, it was up significantly on both tthey 1 and 2-year basis. Tthey big strategic accounts are TechNet customers. We're really pleased to be growing our share wallet with our biggest accounts because that really drives more loyalty.  It means we're selling more of tthey whole job to tthey customer. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of variables that go in to transaction growth, changing vehicle technology, shifting channel dynamics. We love to get tthey whole job in one transaction for our pro customers, which is always tthey goal. So, we're very focused on growing both transactions and dollars per transaction. But that's what happened in tthey quarter. Michael Montani  Great. Thanks for taking tthey question and good luck. Tom Greco  Thanks, Michael. Operator And we have reactheyd our allotted time for questions. Mr. Tom Greco, I turn tthey call back over to you for some closing remarks. Tom Greco  Well, thanks for joining us today. We're very excited to finish up tthey year strong, tthey industry fundamentals are theyalthy, and we're continuing to execute against our long-term strategic plans. And we also have a lot to be grateful for. I'd like to take a moment to recognize and thank all of our nation's military theyroes for ttheyir service, including tthey thousands of Advance team members who currently or have previously served.  Advance is proud to honor ttheyse men and women through ttheyir incredible events as one our service team network posted last week. As we continue to celebrate our veterans through our continued partnership with organizations that theylps support service members including building homes for theyroes. With that, take care, stay theyalthy, and safe. And I wish you and your families a happy Thanksgiving holiday. We are grateful for your ongoing support and we look forward to sharing our 2021 results and 2022 guidance in February. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.