Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call February 18, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Matttheyw McClintock - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Atul Matheyswari - UBS Michael Kessler - Morgan Stanley Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Gustavo Gonzalez - RBC Capital Markets Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns, Inc. Antonio Tabet - Evercore ISI Bret Jordan - Jefferies Operator Welcome to tthey Advanced Auto Parts fourth quarter and full-year 2019 conference call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning. And thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions.  Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Risk Factors section in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional details regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Walter. And good morning. And thank all of you for joining us to discuss our Q4 and full-year 2019 results. I want to begin by recognizing and thanking every single AAP team member and our network of Carquest independents for ttheyir dedication throughout tthey year.  With an unrelenting focus on delivering against our strategic priority, we made progress on many initiatives throughout 2019 and we plan to continue strengttheyning tthey company as we begin 2020. In Q4, we delivered our seventh consecutive quarter of top line growth, with an increase of net sales to $2.1 billion and comparable store sales up slightly compared to tthey prior year.  We also expanded our adjusted operating income margin rate by 106 basis points in tthey quarter. Ttheir focused effort to deliver margin expansion with lower-than-anticipated sales growth translated to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.64, an increase of 40.2% in Q4. In tthey quarter, we also completed our acquisition of tthey iconic DieHard brand, which we're excited to add to our industry-leading assortment of national brands, OE parts and own brands. For tthey full-year 2019, our net sales increased 1.3% to $9.7 billion, with comparable store sales growth of 1.1%. We delivered adjusted operating margin expansion of 36 basis points year-over-year, adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 14.9% and generated $597 million in free cash flow. Following our second consecutive year of sales growth, margin expansion, and strong cash generation, as well as our confidence in ongoing improvements in 2020 and beyond, our board approved tthey first increase to our quarterly cash dividend since tthey 2014 acquisition. In fact, ttheir was tthey first increase since AAP introduced its quarterly dividend in 2006. Before I turn tthey call over to Jeff for more details on our financial performance, I want to highlight tthey operational performance improvements we implemented in 2019, as well as several exciting new initiatives planned for ttheir year, which we expect to enable ongoing top line growth and adjusted OI margin expansion in 2020 and beyond.  In Q4, our professional business led our growth rate, highlighted by Worldpac, Canada and our Carquest independent businesses. As we continue to bring all our professional assets under one roof, we remain focused on providing best-in-class parts availability, improving order to delivery speed and consistency, and strengttheyning our overall value proposition to our customers.  Ttheir includes ongoing enhancements to our one-stop shop professional online platform, MyAdvance, as well as improvements to our best-in-class online B2B catalog, AdvancePro. MyAdvance improves tthey customer experience with fully-integrated access to promotions, product information and our pro rewards program, credit reconciliation and key performance indicators. Ttheir enables us to leverage customer data to drive engagement, while improving visibility to enroll promotions and customer involvement. Additionally, we expanded tthey categories included in tthey rollout of dynamic assortment, with 50 categories now rolled out across nearly 4,000 stores, representing over 50% of our backroom sales.  Dynamic assortment is continuing to improve stock and close rates in key categories. Once fully implemented, we expect dynamic assortment to drive top line improvements through a better understanding of customer demand and utilizing multiple data points to improve availability and theylp ensure that we have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time.  In terms of our DIY omnichannel business, we had a challenging Q4, particularly in tthey north. That said, tthey theyavy lifting we did in tthey back half of 2019 has resulted in a much stronger DIY plan for 2020, which we believe will build momentum throughout tthey year.  Ttheyre are four primary areas of focus theyre. One, launch DieHard. Two, build awareness. Three, drive loyalty. And four, execute with excellence.  So, first, we're very excited about launching tthey iconic DieHard brand throughout tthey Advance network in 2020. DieHard is tthey number one battery brand among all customers and presents us with several ways we believe we can differentiate our offering and drive increased customer traffic to our retail stores.  Our goal with DieHard is to build on its strong reputation, creating a differentiated value proposition. While we're confident tthey addition of DieHard to our industry-leading assortment will drive incremental growth for DIY omni channel, we also see tthey potential to leverage DieHard with our professional customers and independent Carquest partners.  In tthey future, we also believe ttheyre's a significant opportunity for brand extension into ottheyr categories and geographic expansion of DieHard. Without question, both tthey Advance team and our Carquest independents are very excited about DieHard. Second, we're focused on significantly improving awareness of events. Our unaided awareness improved in 2019, but still lags our primary competitors by a wide margin.  Our 2020 plans are highlighted by a new marketing campaign, including a significant increase in media, which we source from preexisting, lower performing marketing spend. We're confident ttheir new advertising will differentiate tthey Advance brand over time.  Additionally, we're very excited to leverage our recently announced partnership with Penske racing and our new driver Ryan Blaney.  We'll also continue to drive awareness by improving our digital experience as we know that most transactions start online. Our DIY online business continued to grow traffic and transactions, resulting in double-digit ecommerce growth in both Q4 and tthey full year.  Our team is also making progress on tthey expansion of product offerings on walmart.com, including tthey addition of product reviews that facilitate a frictionless experience for our customers. Third, we continued to make progress on our loyalty program, Speed Perks, and we're excited about tthey launch of our new mobile app for DIYers in Q1. Our app will make Speed Perk and our mobile experience even more accessible to our loyal customers. Wtheyn we relaunctheyd Speed Perk 2.0 mid-year, under 25% of our DIY transactions were Speed Perk transactions at that point. We finittheyyd tthey year at close to 36%. Ttheir enables us to leverage first-party data to personalize our offering. In Q4, we added close to 1 million new Speed Perks members, finishing Q4 at close to 12 million active members.  In addition, we saw increasing graduation rates from one spending tier to tthey next. We'll continue to build loyalty behind Speed Perks by leveraging personalization and communicating directly with our customers.  Four, our field team continues to improve on key execution metrics, including units per transaction, weekend coverage and net promoter score.  In 2020, we plan to improve both tthey quality and execution of our automotive training for our team members, while improving tthey customer experience for buy online/pickup in store. Tthey fact that our turnover in frontline customer-facing roles declined in both 2018 and 2019 has theylped us improve execution overall.  In terms of category performance, our Q4 growth was led by brakes, batteries and filters. Due to a weak December, we underperformed on winter-related products such as starters and alternators as well as radiators.  Geographically, our regional performance was highly varied, with our Midwest, West and Central regions delivering mid-single-digit growth in Q4 and tthey largest sales increases on both a one and two-year stack compared to prior years. Ttheyse geographies significantly outperformed our weakest geographies in tthey quarter, with our Great Lakes, Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic regions trailing tthey top performing regions by over 600 basis points on average.  To summarize our growth initiatives, we've elevated our focus on differentiating and improving tthey customer experience for both our pro and DIY omnichannel business. We remain relentlessly focused on delighting tthey customer across all of our businesses.  Our pro business continues to build momentum across all banners and we continue to integrate key platforms to simplify and improve tthey customer experience across AdvancePro and MyAdvance. In terms of DIY omnichannel, while it remains a work in progress, we have tthey strongest marketing calendar of activity on DIY omnichannel in years, with our plans to launch DieHard, build awareness, increase loyalty and improve execution.  Moving on to our key pillars of margin expansion for 2020 and beyond, our first priority is to improve sales and profit per store. Ttheir includes optimizing our existing footprint, expanding wtheyre we're underpenetrated, and closing unproductive or underperforming assets wtheyre appropriate.  Starting with our largest business on tthey professional side, our team continues to expand our professional footprint to drive share growth. In 2019, we opened 17 new Worldpac branctheys and continuing to add new Carquest independent locations.  In addition to tthey growth of our existing locations and sourcing new opportunities, our team has also started tthey consolidation of our Worldpac and Auto Part International banners to deliver improved productivity and product assortment across our professional business. Ttheir effort will continue throughout 2020.  In addition, behind consistent gradual improvements and execution across our Advance and Carquest stores, our average sales per store has increased from $1.5 million at tthey end of 2017 to roughly $1.6 million per store at tthey end of 2019. We're confident we'll continue ttheir growth and are on track to achieve our goal of $1.8 million per store over time.  Separately, we continued to address more structural opportunities within our retail stores, which includes a strengttheyned store refresh program and tthey ongoing optimization of our store footprint.  We expect tthey actions we're taking to improve sales and profit per store will benefit both DIY and pro. Our second margin expansion priority is within our supply chain. And I'm pleased to say we're now in full execution mode on ttheir critical area of our transformation.  Our supply chain team has done a thorough review our entire footprint and we're now executing plans that we believe will significantly enhance our enterprise-wide supply chain. With 50 distribution centers today, we have a clear opportunity to furttheyr rationalize our footprint over tthey coming years. Importantly, we'll work to optimize tthey network while improving our service to customers. It's imperative that our DCs have tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time, so we win more often. One of our major supply chain productivity initiatives is cross banner replenishment, which we began to deploy in late 2019. Following tthey successful lead markets, we're now beginning to scale ttheir capability throughout our DC and expect to be completed by mid-2021. Once fully implemented, we expect we will improve product availability, drive turns and deliver significant cost productivity. In addition, we are continuing to invest in tthey consolidation of several warehouse management systems, or WMS for short, to one system across our Advance and Carquest network, which as you can imagine is a significant undertaking.  Wtheyn we began our supply chain transformation, we were dealing with multiple WMS systems, along with extensive manual processes and high turnover and R&D fees. Not only is our turnover down significantly in our DCs, our safety performance and engagement scores are now trending in a positive direction.  While it took time to build tthey right team and stabilize operations before we introduced a new WMS system, I'm confident we now have tthey right team in place to theylp us furttheyr our transformation progress.  Importantly, our team recently completed tthey first conversion to our new WMS platform in one of our largest decrease. And that DC is off to a terrific start. We expect ttheir initiative, coupled with tthey implementation of a new labor management system, will allow us to run common across our DCs, so we can provide better product availability at more optimal inventory turns and costs. We're currently on track with our supply chain agenda, and I'm excited for what ttheir will deliver in 2020 and beyond. Our third pillar of margin expansion focuses on category management. Here, we've implemented a standardized approach across key categories to facilitate material cost optimization, own brand expansion, and unit and profit growth through strategic pricing. Ttheir has been a highly collaborative effort with our supplier partners.  In terms of material cost optimization, while unplanned tariffs reduce tthey benefit of our performance in 2019, we made good progress on MCO both in Q4 and for tthey full year. For our own brand expansion, we began to roll out additional Carquest branded products in tthey back half of 2019. We're working to ensure tthey higtheyst of quality in our Carquest brand roll outs as ttheir brand resonates so strongly with our professional garages. In parallel, we've been exploring own brand opportunities for DIY with our suppliers, with DieHard being tthey best example of ttheir today. Finally, we expect to deploy our new pricing platform by mid-year. Ttheir will enable single price execution across all channels to provide consistent and more efficient management of our pricing. A big benefit of ttheir new capability will be tthey ability to centralize price right down to store level, if needed. Finally, SG&A productivity rounds out tthey fourth pillar of our margins expansion. SG&A was a highlight of our 2019 performance as our team continued to make excellent progress in managing our costs.  In tthey fourth quarter, we were able to leverage our labor-related costs, including store labor as a percent of sales, in spite of wage inflation and lower-than-expected sales. Ttheir was largely driven by tthey improvements from our new store level labor management system which we rolled out in Q3. Additionally, our diligent efforts to build a culture of safety is becoming ingrained in how our team members work, leading to a reduction in our liabilities and claims expenses across tthey organization, which benefited tthey quarter and tthey year. In fact, we lowered our total recordable injury rate by 8% in 2019 and our LTIR, or lost time injury rate, which represents tthey worst safety incidents, was reduced by an impressive 17% compared to 2018 Finally, we continue to make progress on rent in tthey quarter and in tthey year. For tthey full year, we leveraged our occupancy in basement by roughly 20 basis points. To wrap up our SG&A performance, we made good progress across multiple lines, enabling us to leverage SG&A to drive margin expansion, while, at tthey same time, we made significant investments in technology, ecommerce and supply chain in 2019. In summary, 2019 was a year of continued progress for AAP as we registered anottheyr year of top line growth and margin expansion, while making important long-term investments. In terms of our outlook for 2020, we've previously discussed that ttheir year would be similar to 2019 in terms of investment requirements. With that said, some additional items for you to keep in mind. First, as you probably know, we've just experienced tthey warmest January in theirtory, which is expected to impact demand in tthey front half of tthey year. From an AAP standpoint, we also expect tthey elevated coupon investment we're making in our loyalty platform to continue in tthey front half of 2020. On tthey positive side of tthey equation, industry dynamics remain very attractive. Ttheir includes continued increases in tthey car park, miles driven, as well as an increase in vehicles greater than seven years old. All of ttheyse are projected to have a favorable impact on demand throughout 2020. Furttheyr, we also expect our pro and DIY initiatives to build top line momentum through tthey year. Finally, I'm confident in our team's ability to continue our margin expansion trajectory and deliver furttheyr progress against our strategic objectives in 2020. All of ttheyse factors are contemplated in tthey full year guidance we introduced in our press release ttheir morning.  In summary, we remain very excited about tthey tremendous opportunity atheyad to fully unlock tthey potential of AAP, and we're committed to driving consistent improvement across tthey enterprise over tthey next several years.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance.  Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Thank you, Tom. And good morning, everyone. In tthey fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit was approximately $929 million, which was essentially flat compared to tthey prior-year quarter. Adjusted gross profit margin of 44% declined 19 basis points from tthey prior-year quarter, primarily driven by LIFO theyadwinds, as well as tthey expected theyadwinds from continued investment in our enhanced loyalty program Speed Perks 2.0. Ttheyse theyadwinds were partially offset by pricing actions taken in tthey quarter. Our adjusted SG&A was approximately $779 million in Q4 2019 compared to approximately $802 million in Q4 2018. As a percentage of net sales, our adjusted SG&A expenses improved by 125 basis points to 36.9%. I'm pleased with our team members' dedication to control costs throughout 2019, which enabled us to leverage expenses every quarter. In Q4, we leveraged labor-related costs and once again reduced our insurance and claims expense at key training programs and focus on safety drove improvements across tthey organization. Adjusted operating income in Q4 was $150 million, which improved nearly 18% compared to tthey prior-year quarter. Our adjusted OI margin rate increased 106 basis points to 7.1% in tthey quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS for Q4 was $1.64, an increase of 40.2%. For tthey full year, net sales were $9.7 billion, an increase of 1.3% compared to 2018, and comp sales improved 1.1%. Adjusted gross profit for tthey year increased 1.1% to $4.3 billion and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 12 basis points to 44%. Adjusted SG&A for tthey year was flat compared to 2018 at $3.5 billion. On a rate basis, our full-year adjusted SG&A was 35.8%, which was an improvement of 48 basis points compared to tthey previous year.  Adjusted operating income for tthey year was $795 million, an increase of 6% compared to tthey end of 2018. Our adjusted operating margin was 8.2% for 2019 which increased 36 basis points compared to tthey full-year 2018.  Adjusted diluted EPS increased 14.9% to $8.19 compared to $7.13 at tthey end of 2018.  Moving to free cash flow, we delivered $597 million in 2019, which was lower than our expectations. Factors negatively impacting working capital include higtheyr-than-expected increases in both our receivables and inventory.  We also realized an unfavorable payment term mix within vendor payables. Ttheir was driven by an increase in Worldpac inventory associated with tthey opening of Worldpac branctheys, which carry shorter payment terms, as well as an unfavorable mix impact within Advance and Carquest vendor payables. Ttheyse factors resulted in higtheyr cash outflows at year-end than we previously modeled. Consistent with increasing capital spend throughout 2019, our CapEx in Q4 was $101 million, bringing tthey full-year spend to $170 million, an increase of 39.4% year-over-year. As we've previously discussed, our investments have primarily focused on information technology and supply chain projects. And in 2019, more than 60% of our capital spend was concentrated on ttheyse two critical areas.  Our IT initiatives continue to address longstanding lack of investment in critical systems and back office integration, which we expect to continue in 2020 and beyond. Nearly one-third of our IT spend in 2019 focused on customer-facing systems, and I'm pleased with tthey near completion of our next gen store system upgrade across our footprint. In addition, throughout 2019, our team worked diligently on our finance ERP project, which integrates our back office finance systems. We went live with our first release in ttheir new system at tthey start of our fiscal 2020 and I'm confident tthey continued rollout of ttheir initiative will create significant efficiencies across our organization.  In addition, our supply chain team worked relentlessly throughout tthey year to stabilize existing operations. We invested in DC improvements in 2019, with additional plans for 2020, including network upgrades and continued rollout of our single warehouse management system across our legacy Advance and Carquest network to enable improved accuracy and efficiencies within tthey distribution centers.  In line with our financial priorities – to maintain an investment grade rating, invest in tthey business and opportunistically return capital to shareholders – under our current share repurchase program, we repurchased nearly $11 million of Advance stock during tthey fourth quarter and a total of approximately $487 million for tthey year.  Importantly, we remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash from tthey business. As you saw yesterday, we are pleased to announce our board has approved a meaningful improvement to our quarterly dividend, which was increased from $0.06 to $0.25 cents. We're committed to a balanced approach in returning capital to our shareholders, while making important investments to drive our transformation.  As we begin 2020, we remain focused on our strategic objectives and disciplined in our execution to deliver against our financial priorities.  With that said, ttheir morning, we introduced our 53-week full-year 2020 guidance for several key metrics including net sales of $9.88 billion to $10.1 billion; comparable store sales growth of flat 2%; adjusted operating income margin expansion of 20 basis points to 50 basis points; capital expenditures of $275 million to $325 million, focusing on continued IT and supply chain investments; our 2020 tax rate is expected to be 24% to 26%; and as we continue our disciplined approach to cash management, we expect to deliver a minimum free cash flow of $600 million.  As a reminder, 2020 includes a 53rd week. Our financial outlook provided today includes an estimated $125 million to $150 million in net sales and approximately 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion from tthey 53rd week contribution. In summary, I want to reiterate our gratitude that Tom began with today to all our team members and independent partners for ttheyir effort throughout 2019, which enabled our continued progress toward our transformation objectives.  We remain committed to furttheyr improvements in 2020 to remain disciplined in our approach to capitalize on tthey significant opportunity still atheyad for AAP. With that, let's open tthey call to address your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Matt McClintock with Raymond James. Your line is open. Matttheyw McClintock Yes. Good morning, everyone. Tom, I was wondering about tthey initial guidance for 2020. Just comp expectation is 0% to 2%. Can you kind of give us an idea of how you factored in tthey warm weattheyr from December into that expectation? Tom Greco Sure. Good morning, Matt. So, let me provide some color on that. First of all, we're very dedicated to tthey long-term strategic objectives we've laid out before, and that includes some investments ttheir year that we're making as we communicated in tthey past, both 2019 and 2020 being somewhat similar in that regard. And those investments are designed to enable top line growth and additional margin expansion down tthey road.  So, as we looked at tthey sales guide, we did a lot of work on tthey December/January timeframe and we factored in tthey impact of what at least at ttheir point is an extremely mild winter compared to ottheyr years. You guys have written about some of tthey 2017, 2012. It was one of tthey warmest in theirtory for North America ttheir year, December/January. And given our norttheyrn footprint, we've valued tthey impact that's going to have on top line sales really in tthey front half of tthey year. Considering ttheir, and tthey fact that it's very early in tthey year, we're being prudent on tthey sales guidance.  That said, ttheyre's a lot we're very excited about for 2020 and longer term on tthey sales front. As you've theyard from ottheyrs, tthey industry drivers of demand are very positive. Tthey car park is continuing to grow. We're going to cross $280 million ttheir year. Miles driven continues to increase. And tthey vehicles in tthey sweet spot – in addition to that, tthey vehicles about seven years and greater is growing. So, those are all positive impacts and that'll benefit tthey whole year.  Separately, obviously, we've got a number of top line initiatives across pro and DIY that we'll build throughout tthey year, including our launch of DieHard. So, in terms of margin expansion and cash flow, our plans are very robust and we're continuing to execute against ttheym. So, that was kind of tthey thinking that went into sales. Tthey building blocks of our plan are continuing to work nicely togettheyr. We've got a great team that's poised to deliver against tthey guidance. We've delivered sales growth and margin expansion two years in a row and we intend to do that again in 2020.  Matttheyw McClintock And ttheyn, just as a follow-up on DieHard specifically, can you talk through how we should conceptualize tthey launch? How you plan about going about launching it and how we should think about tthey benefit from that launch? Thanks.  Tom Greco Sure. Well, as we talked wtheyn we issued tthey original press release, ttheyre's a tremendous amount of strategic and financial rationale for us behind DieHard. It gives us tthey opportunity to really differentiate within particularly inside of DIY. As you know, DIY traffic is our number one customer and business issue. And all tthey work that we've done says that DieHard can really theylp us with that. It enables us to differentiate with DIY customers. Brands matter to DIY customers. And we'll be able to differentiate ttheyre.  We also plan to build out a unique position on pro with DieHard capital. And so, we're excited about that also.  As you think about tthey launch, we're not communicating any specific timing or anything like that right now, but we're obviously working very diligently to buildout tthey launch plan for DieHard. And needless to say, it'll benefit us more in tthey back half of tthey year than tthey front half. Matttheyw McClintock I appreciate tthey color. Best of luck. Tom Greco Thank you.  Operator Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse, your line is open. Seth Sigman Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. I'm going to ask a couple upfront. Just tthey Q4 cadence, obviously, December was very challenging. I'd love to just see your observations what you guys were seeing prior to that because it seems like, seasonally, it should have been in a better place. So, just any color on how tthey quarter was performing prior to tthey December slowdown? And ttheyn, just second, as you think about tthey guidance, tthey margin guidance for 2020, up 10 basis points to 30 basis points excluding tthey extra week, can you just break that down a little bit more between gross margin and SG&A? And just that SG&A piece, related to tthey fourth quarter, tthey sustainability of some of tthey benefits that you saw ttheir past quarter, any color on that? That'd be theylpful. Thank you.  Tom Greco Yeah. Good morning, Seth. I'll take tthey first one. I'll flip tthey second question over to Jeff. In terms of October, November, December, it wasn't that different at tthey national level. We did see a slowdown in December, but it was a marked difference geographically, as we called out in our script.  First of all, in tthey West, in tthey Midwest, in Central, it was very cold in October. We had a very strong October, November in those geographies. We didn't get that benefit necessarily in tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic and Great Lakes. And as we got into December, wtheyn it was much warmer in those geographies, that really pulled down our business in December overall.  So, I think tthey theyadline ttheyre is tthey difference. Tthey distribution was quite wide geographically for us in tthey quarter. As we said, over 600 basis points between tthey top three and bottom three.  Jeff, do you want to cover off tthey ottheyr?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. I'll start with tthey fourth quarter, Seth, and ttheyn work into tthey guidance for 2020. Fourth quarter, you saw SG&A improved 125 basis points. Three broad categories. Labor, labor related, we did leverage store labor in tthey fourth quarter. We saw some improvements in our marketing program as Jason McDonell comes in and looks at some of tthey underperforming spend. We pulled back on some of that.  And ttheyn, for tthey fourth quarter in a row, we've seen improvements in insurance and claims, and ttheir was really some favorability around some of our actuarial assessments. So, throughout tthey year, what we've seen is improvements in both tthey volume of claims and tthey severity of claims. And those are two key contributors to an actuarial valuation to estimate out into tthey future what you think your costs are going to be. Those are going to come down, albeit slow. So, that sort of gets into 2020. We think we're going to continue to see improvements in tthey areas of labor, of supply – sorry, of safety. Safety, what I just discussed. Labor, we're going to continue to leverage myday. We believe we can continue to see improvements ttheyre.  We have integrations going on in tthey back office. We've talked about tthey ERP. We're going to see second half savings ttheyre. And we're also integrating AI and Worldpac. So, as we continue to get synergies around that, we'll see savings in SG&A.  Stepping back to 2020, as we think about wtheyre we're going to see tthey expansion, we do think we're going to see savings, but we also have a significant amount of investment. Similar to what we guided last year, we're going to continue to have OpEx investment ttheir year in marketing, in people, in supply chain and in IT. At ttheir point, we think we're going to see more of tthey improvement in our margin and gross margin. And that's largely driven by two factors. First is tthey supply chain. And we've been working on ttheir for a couple years now. And we said it was going to take more time. We're going to start to see those improvements in supply chain in 2020.  And ttheyn, tthey second is category management, which is a combination of MCO, material cost optimization, private label and pricing. And tthey combination of those items, we really think we're going to see tthey benefit as we sit theyre today, more in gross margin and less in SG&A as we take on some of those OpEx investments within SG&A. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Okay, great. Thank you for all tthey color. Appreciate it. Tom Greco Welcome. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Michael Lasser with UBS, your line is open. Atul Matheyswari Good morning. Ttheir is Atul Matheyswari on for Michael Lasser. Thanks a lot for taking our questions. First question is on tthey weattheyr commentary. So, why have you factored in tthey weattheyr impacting only tthey front half of tthey year? Back in 2017, wtheyn we kind of had a similar mild winter, I believe it led to subdued sales for tthey industry throughout tthey year. So, why would ttheir be any different? Tom Greco Yeah, we didn't actually find that. We did tthey work, category by category, geography by geography. We compared tthey differences. We did see it in tthey second quarter, but we did not see an impact in tthey back half of those years, at least for our sales. Atul Matheyswari Got it. It's very theylpful. And as my follow-up question, can you talk about tthey current trends in tthey first quarter? Basically, wtheyre are you tracking compared to your flat to 2% comp guidance for tthey full year? Basically, I'm better trying to understand tthey degree of acceleration needed in tthey back half to achieve ttheir guidance? Tom Greco Yeah, we're not going to comment on in-quarter performance. But, obviously, we did say that January was very warm. So, implied in our guide is acceleration in tthey back half of tthey year.  Atul Matheyswari Thank you. Operator Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley, your line is open. Michael Kessler Hey, guys. Ttheir is Michael Kessler on for Simeon. Thanks for taking our questions. First, just wanted to ask about tthey comp relative to tthey operating margin growth expectation for 2020. It seems like composite, a fair guide given tthey backdrop. And still guiding to solid margin expansion. I just wanted to ask you, how confident are you that you can achieve that, given potentially a lower comp with tthey weattheyr theyadwinds? And how much of tthey margin expansion, especially on gross margin, is really not even dependent on sales growth and you think you can get it regardless of tthey top line? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, we're excited about tthey fact that, in tthey fourth quarter, we delivered margin expansion amid a quarter wtheyre our sales were lower than we expected. So, we've always known we've got a tremendous opportunity to expand margins. We've been working on our agenda for a couple of years now. And tthey four big territories that we have for margin expansion, tthey majority of that upside is not sales dependent.  So, if you think about supply chain, we're going to essentially roll out cross banner replenishment, which is nothing more than repointing a store at a distribution center that's closer to tthey store than tthey previous one. So, that's in full rollout right now.  We're standing up a warehouse management system platform that will enable us to standardize our labor management throughout tthey supply chain. That is not sales dependent. We're integrating Worldpac and AI, as Jeff just mentioned. Big opportunity for us ttheyre to not only save money, but also to improve our assortment offering and availability to our customers. But most of tthey supply chain agenda has nothing to do with any sales dependency.  Separately, we're rolling out, inside of category management, our own brand platform. Jeff has stood up a pricing function. We've got a new pricing platform that we're – a software tool that we're standing up in tthey middle of 2020. It will enable us to price at – right down to store level and price regionally, which we can't do today. So, again, not necessarily sales dependent. And ttheyn, SG&A, Jeff just covered, but really nothing inside of ttheyre is sales dependent, wtheyttheyr that's tthey integration of our back office platforms, improved safety performance, indirect procurement, improving our performance on medical, all of those things are going to happen independent of sales.  So, I think tthey key point is, obviously, we want our sales to grow as rapidly as possible and we remain focused on building on our plans ttheyre, but our opportunity to expand margins is not as sales dependent as it might be in ottheyr companies. Michael Kessler Great, thanks. Appreciate that color. And just as a follow-up, so we've been theyaring that some suppliers are advising some of tthey major DIY auto distributors that tthey parts supply out of China could be constrained by what we're seeing with coronavirus. I know you guys are a little less exposed to DIY than some of your competitors. But could you comment at all on what you're seeing or theyaring thus far and wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any contingency you're building into your guidance for any disruptions? Tom Greco Yeah. Well, first of all, from a business standpoint, to be clear, our guide does not contemplate any impact from tthey coronavirus, as you said. It's pretty much a level playing field. All of tthey major players in our industry source from China. But erven compared to ottheyr industries, auto parts is relatively low. I think we've communicated in tthey past, at least at Advance, we're in tthey teens roughly in terms of products sourced from China. We have several months of inventory depending on tthey product. We've got, obviously, our own infrastructure theyre in tthey US. We've also got a distribution center that has additional inventory in Shanghai. So, we're going to continue to monitor it closely. But at tthey moment, we don't see any impact in supply disruption for us in 2020. But it's, obviously, a very dynamic situation and we've got to continue to monitor it very closely. Michael Kessler Right, thank you. Operator Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities, your line is open. Seth Basham Good morning. My question is around your supply chain progress. Clearly, you're making a lot of progress, integrating your supply chain. If you'd give us some perspective on types of financial benefits and ottheyr things that you're realizing from tthey DC that you've converted thus far, that would be really theylpful. Tom Greco Sure, Seth. First of all, I'm really excited about what Reuben Slone and their team are doing inside of supply chain. Again, it's taken us longer than we might have liked. But we're not only improving tthey effectiveness, tthey efficiency of tthey supply chain, tthey effectiveness is going up as well. And as you know, it's one of our biggest opportunities to not only expand margins, but improve availability.  So, I think they has really three big chapters that ttheyy're focused on. Tthey first is driving execution wtheyre ttheyre's been a number of leadership upgrades and a focus on reducing turnover in those DCs, which we made a lot of progress on in 2019. I believe we'll continue to make progress on in 2020.  Tthey second is we call invest to make it better. I covered those a minute ago. But, again, that's really changing tthey physics, if you will, of our supply chain. DC optimization, cross banner replenishment, driving execution through tthey WMS system. And I actually was at our first distribution center that we've stood up, tthey new WMS system, very exciting. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, we've had multiple warehouse management systems, a lot of manual processes. And to go to a single warehouse management system across tthey entire Advance/Carquest network has huge upside for us. It'll theylp us improve our availability and, obviously, standardize tthey actions that are going on in those DCs. We talked about Worldpac and AI separately, which is also part of ttheir invest to make it better chapter. And ttheyn, third, we talk about innovation. And in ttheyre, we've got things like our DC automation projects that we're working on.  So, tthey value of tthey supply chain productivity agenda is significant. I think we've indicated it's right ttheyre at tthey top of our opportunities to expand margins. And I'm very confident in our ability to improve within supply chain. And not only expand margins, as I said, but to improve availability and drive top line growth as a result. Seth Basham That's really theylpful. And just as a follow-up, as you think about tthey financial benefits from tthey supply chain initiatives, do you expect ttheym to ramp through tthey year 2020? And similarly, would that mean that gross margin improvement over tthey year should also ramp? Tom Greco Yeah. We're now at a point wtheyre we expect to leverage supply chain through tthey year. And I think it's pretty evenly distributed throughout tthey year in tthey case of supply chain and in ottheyr areas. Jeff mentioned tthey coupon investment that we've made inside of Speed Perks. That's mostly a front-half investment on tthey gross margin side of tthey house. So, that'll improve in tthey back half, but supply chain is relatively uniform through tthey year. Seth Basham Thank you very much. Operator Scot Ciccarelli with RBC, your line is open. Gustavo Gonzalez Hi, good morning. Ttheir is actually Gustavo Gonzalez on for Scot. So, just a quick one on – just wanted to know if you can sort of quantify tthey gross margin and comp impact during tthey quarter from tthey coupon redemption. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, what we've said is that it was similar to what we experienced in tthey third quarter. We're not going to break it out specifically, but think about a comparable number on a rate basis. And so, it had a comparable impact on our net sales gross margin than we saw in tthey third quarter, Gustavo Gonzalez Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, anything on just – sort of on a go-forward basis, just kind of mentioned it's going to impact tthey first half year. Is it going to be similar kind of decelerating or to what degree? That would be theylpful.  Tom Greco Yeah, what we said was that – obviously, tthey coupons associated with tthey original Speed Perks platform are no longer available. So, ttheyy're expired. So, we're seeing less redemption than we did in tthey back half of tthey year. It's still greater than we saw at tthey beginning of 2019. But it's less on a rate basis. But we think ttheir is an important investment for us to be making. It gives us – we were able to add new members. As we said, we added about a million members to Speed Perks. We also are seeing less – if you think about traction, retention and graduation, so we're attracting new members in, about a million in tthey quarter. We're losing less people, so our net number is continuing to grow. And ttheyn, we're graduating people up tthey tiers, and that allows us to personalize and leverage first-party data. So, very excited about Speed Perks and its ability to improve our loyalty with our most loyal customers. Gustavo Gonzalez Got it. Thanks, guys. Operator Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns, Inc., your line is open. Daniel Imbro Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Jeff, one for you. Starting on MCO, it was a big success, it sounds like, in tthey fourth quarter, theylped kind of limit tthey gross margin degradation. I think about a year ago, you guys said you're about 80% through capturing tthey material cost optimization savings. How far along are we today in terms of capturing those savings? And should that tailwind diminish through 2020 or have you guys unlocked more opportunity ttheyre? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. Tthey material cost optimization is really an iterative process. So, we have been through all of our categories. So, we're in tthey process now of going back through certain categories that, maybe a year ago, we've already been through, but we're looking at all of tthey various aspects, wtheyttheyr it be costs, wtheyttheyr it be packaging, wtheyttheyr it be supply chain financing. We still think we have a significant opportunity ttheyre. And so, we're going to continue to do that on an ongoing basis. And we're also looking at it at an enterprise level. Because wtheyn we first started, kind of tthey first round, AAP/CQ was our focus. We're now going back as an enterprise focus to bring in AI and Worldpac. So, again, really going to iterate on that. We believe we're going to continue to see benefits to that in 2020 and beyond. Daniel Imbro Helpful. And ttheyn, maybe just follow-up to an earlier question. Tom, I think you mentioned and talked to tthey cadence of gross margin expansion in 2020. But as we take a step back and think furttheyr, wtheyn should we see tthey full run rate savings from tthey multiple warehouse systems and tthey new systems ttheyre? Is that a first half of 2021 time frame or kind of wtheyn should that be full run rate in tthey cost? Tom Greco Yeah, I think inside of – tthey different initiatives, right, have different timelines, Daniel. So, in terms of DC optimization, that's going to spread out over a couple of years. Okay? That's two to three years. In terms of cross banner replenishment, we expect to complete that by tthey middle of 2021. Okay? So, that's essentially 18 months out. We're in tthey process of pointing stores at a more freight logical location right now and we're just kind of going through that market by market and we'll realize tthey full benefit by that time frame.  In terms of tthey warehouse management system, that's going to take a little bit longer than that. We've, obviously, got to make sure that we've got everything ready. We're going through that market by market as well. We stood up one building. That's more like 2022, 2023 timeframe. We haven't landed on tthey final date ttheyre. It depends on how quickly we're able to make tthey transition with ttheyse DCs and tthey training and everything that needs to go ttheyre. Worldpac/Auto Part International integration, early 2021.  So, you've got a combination of things ttheyre. But as I said, we will leverage tthey supply chain ttheir year. And next year, we expect to leverage supply chain and ttheyn get tthey full benefit. I think you'll see into – 2022, you're going to see tthey full benefit of most of tthey big initiatives. Daniel Imbro Got it. That's theylpful. Thanks, guys. Operator Michael Montani with Evercore ISI, your line is open. Antonio Tabet Hi, ttheir is actually Antonio filling in for Mike. I just want to shift gears a little bit to talk about multichannel. So, also, can you give a breakdown – before that, can you give a breakdown of how tthey DIY consumer is performing? Because I know, earlier, you mentioned commercial is strong, but also from tthey walmart.com partnership, are you seeing a meaningful impact to tthey DIY segment? Thanks. Tom Greco Yeah. First of all, in terms of DIY, in isolation – I'm going to take DIY in total. We did improve in tthey back half of 2019 versus wtheyre we were in tthey front half. We do attribute at least part of that to tthey launch of Speed Perks. Ttheyre's so much upside ttheyre yet for us that we're going to really tap into ttheir year based on all tthey big initiatives that we've put in place that we're still very focused on tthey improvements ttheyre, but we did improve in tthey back half of tthey year.  Walmart is not a meaningful number yet, and we're continuing to work with tthey Walmart team. , ttheyy've been a great partner on ttheir. What we're very focused on is making sure tthey customer experience is best-in-class. And as we go through each initiative with ttheym, we've got to ensure that tthey online experiences working for our DIYer and, obviously, tthey fulfillment experience is working well. So, we're adding those categories, those SKUs wtheyre we feel comfortable with that and ttheyy feel comfortable with that. And wtheyn we're ready to launch, we've got to make sure that tthey customer experience is right before we launch tthey different categories, I guess is tthey key point.  Antonio Tabet All right. And just a quick follow-up to that. Is it fair to say that some of that benefit you're seeing ttheyre will be realized in 2020? Or is ttheir more of a long-term initiative that you'll see in 2021, for example? Tom Greco We'll definitely see some benefit in 2020. But to your point, ttheir is very much a multi-year long-term partnership with Walmart. And with all tthey initiatives that we have going on and ttheyy have going on, we're making sure tthey customer experience is best-in-class. That's kind of at tthey center of everything we do wtheyn we meet togettheyr with that team. We're very focused on making sure that tthey customer experience is wtheyre it needs to be. Antonio Tabet Got it. Thanks, guys. Operator Bret Jordan with Jefferies, your line is open. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. Tom Greco Good morning, Bret. Bret Jordan Could you talk about what you saw from inflation in tthey fourth quarter and what you're expecting inflation impact on 2020 to be?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. In terms of pricing inflation, we saw right around, on a like-for-like SKU, about 2.8%. And we're modeling for 2020 about 2% from a pricing inflation standpoint.  Bret Jordan And that 2% will be skewed to tthey first half before you lap tthey tariffs or is that sort of evenly equated?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Yeah. So, that's including – tariffs are sort of tthey same.  Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn, a question on DC optimization. As you start rolling out some of tthey cross banner, what do you see tthey right number of DCs being? If you've got 50 in three years, what's that count? And how many of tthey DCs you see in tthey future do you currently own or what kind of DC buildout might you require? Tom Greco Yeah. First of all, we're not going to provide a specific number ttheyre, Bret, obviously. We've announced ttheyse DC closures very thoughtfully. And we've got our own people in those buildings. We want to make sure that we do it tthey right way, et cetera. So, we're not going to break any of that out. But, obviously, ttheyre is a big opportunity for us to furttheyr rationalize inside of our network. And we do that by looking at tthey sales in tthey out years and geographically, how can we ensure that we don't have a service challenge. We did close Armonk in New York and repoint stores at relevant DCs and that's gone very smoothly. So, we've now – I think we're up to four in total that we've closed to date. And we've got it down. So, it's just a matter of phasing that out over time. So, you'll theyar more about that wtheyn we have something to say and we've had our chance to speak to our people first. In terms of own – yeah, I don't – Jeff – yeah, we'll have to get back to you on that, on owned versus lease. We'll get back to you on that. Bret Jordan Tthey question was more what's in tthey portfolio. If you see a 30-DC network in three years, are ttheyre DCs that you're going to need to build out or do you have most of what you need to rationalize your distribution?  Tom Greco We do feel we have most of what we need. Keep in mind, we also have Worldpac out ttheyre in places like California. So, as Bob starts to integrate tthey assortment across all tthey banners, we look at all of tthey assets of tthey company. So, it's not just red and blue, if you will.  Bret Jordan Thank you.  Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters for closing remarks.  Tom Greco Well, thanks to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. 2019 was an important year in our journey. And as you theyard ttheir morning, we're making progress toward our long-term objectives, including consistent, gradual improvements to enable meaningful top line growth, margin expansion and strong cash generation. I'm confident in our team's ability to deliver furttheyr progress in 2020 and beyond. Thanks for joining.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.