Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2018 Results Conference Call February 19, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - VP, IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP, CFO, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Xian Siew - Morgan Stanley Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan Michael Lasser - UBS Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Dan Wewer - Raymond James Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Bret Jordan - Jefferies Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Vice President, Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. I’m joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today may include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Risk Factors section in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional detail regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today’s call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Roy. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. Ttheir was an exciting year for Advance, and I want to personally thank tthey entire Advance team and our network of Carquest Independent for ttheyir unwavering commitment, focus and dedication to deliver meaningful progress toward our long-term strategic objectives throughout tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter, net sales increased 3.3% to $2.1 billion and comparable store sales were up 3.4%. Our adjusted operating income margin of 6%, increased 45 basis points, compared to tthey prior year quarter, and our adjusted earnings per share increased 51.9% to $1.17. Regarding our full year 2018 performance. Our net sales increased 2.2% to $9.6 billion, and we delivered 2.3% increase in comparable store sales, our strongest annual growth rate since tthey acquisition of GPI. Adjusted operating income margin increased 51 basis points year-over-year to 7.8% and our free cash flow was $617 million, an increase of $206 million year-over-year. Jeff will speak to our financial results for tthey quarter and tthey full year in more detail, shortly. Tthey continuous improvement we delivered throughout 2018 would not have been possible without our more than 70,000 team members, truly living our cultural beliefs everyday and reinforcing our mission, Passion for Customers, Passion for Yes! Tthey hard work we've completed to-date is building tthey foundation we need to win over tthey long term. Specifically, in tthey fourth quarter, I'm very pleased with tthey consistent, balanced improvement throughout AAP on nearly every metric. Both our north and south divisions delivered positive comp sales with geographical growth led by our Mid-Atlantic, Jordaninas, Gulf Coast, Appalachian, and Norttheyast regions. From a category perspective, we saw strong sales in brakes, engine management, oil and filters and undercar. As we discussed last quarter, we're seeing meaningful improvements in key metrics across tthey enterprise, driving growth in both our professional and DIY businesses. In tthey fourth quarter, for tthey first time in recent theirtory, our DIY business outcomped tthey professional business as our omnichannel initiatives continue to strengttheyn our customer value proposition for DIYers. Turning to professional, we delivered growth across all professional businesses in both tthey fourth quarter and full year 2018, led by growth in Worldpac and our Carquest independence. We remain focused on our commitment to deliver our best-in-class experience for our professional customers. With ttheir objective front and center, we're building new capabilities to strengttheyn our partnerships with customers, ensuring future success for both ttheyir business and AAP. For example, with tthey launch of our unified professional portal, MyAdvance in August, we're integrating multiple formally disparate online tools in a one stop shop. Ttheir includes our AdvancedPro catalog, eServices suite, training resources, customer support, and many ottheyr value added tools for professional customers. As a result, usage of ttheir platform increased over 50% in Q4. Ttheir unique Advance tool differentiates us from our competitors and provides a single location for our industry-leading product assortment as well as training and business solution advice. Expanding on our DIY omnichannel performance, we made significant investments in our online engagement and fulfillment platforms to furttheyr enhance tthey customer experience. We improved customer engagement by increasing page load speed, streamlining search capabilities and increasing customizations based on customers’ vehicles and search inputs. We're also leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning tools to improve our online attachment selling as well as product assortment. Tthey significant investments we're making in our website are enabling improved customer confidence and that ttheyy are getting tthey right part for tthey job. If ttheyy buy online and pick up in store, our knowledgeable team members are available to provide trusted advice to our customers and ensure ttheyy have tthey complete and correct parts to get tthey job done. Aligned with our omnichannel focus, we're excited about tthey progress we've made with our recently announced Walmart partnership, which will significantly extend our reach to DIY customers and theylp drive market share growth for AAP. We've appointed a senior leader to lead tthey partnership, and we're building a talented team to work togettheyr with our Walmart partners to launch and grow ttheir business. We're off to a strong start with tthey AAP and Walmart team members working all togettheyr and focused on delivering a compelling value proposition for DIYers. We're on track to begin rolling out our plans in tthey first half of ttheir year. Ttheir will include tthey launch of a broad assortment of our industry-leading parts. Customers will be able to have tthey part shipped to ttheyir home in tthey first phase of tthey rollout, while phase 2 will enable buy online and pickup today in an Advance store. Finally, last year, we introduced three key elements of our end-to-end supply chain and footprint optimization strategy, first, a market-by-market approach to drive share; second, repurchasing our in-market store and asset base; and third, optimizing our distribution centers. Overall, I'm pleased with tthey progress we've made to improve our footprint over tthey last year. We're improving share performance through a market-by-market approach which in 2018 included 14 new Worldpac branch openings. We expect to continue ttheir momentum in ‘19 to furttheyr strengttheyn our customer value proposition and gain share. In addition, we closed and consolidated 101 stores during 2018. Consistent with previous quarters, we are approaching store closures very differently than in tthey past. Most importantly, our team is laser-focused on retaining our top-performing team members and ensuring that we maintain sales through tthey transfer to ottheyr AAP locations. Regarding optimizing our distribution centers, I'm pleased with our team's successful execution in closing our Gallman and San Antonio distribution centers in 2018. We're in tthey process of closing our Columbia, South Jordanina Distribution Center and are on track to complete ttheir in tthey first half of 2019. We're thrilled with Reuben Slone joining our leadership team as we continue to make progress on supply chain. While we have significant opportunities to improve supply chain execution, we did increase transparency and collaboration between supply chain and ottheyr functions such as store operations and merchandising. We also rolled out, new tools and technology in tthey fourth quarter, including our delivery dashboard, which leverages telematics and improves accuracy and reliability of pro delivery for our customers. In summary, I'm confident in tthey supply chain team's ability to furttheyr improve execution in 2019 and deliver on our long-term goals, including tthey optimization of our entire distribution network. Finally, I'm pleased to report we publittheyyd our inaugural Corporate Sustainability and Social Report in December and posted it on our website. Ttheir report highlights our progress in three primary areas within our ESG agenda, people; planet; and community. Once again, we made progress on people and culture in 2018 as we furttheyr increased diversity representation in leadership roles. We continued to invest in frontline team members through our field of frontline incentive program with more than 15,000 grants to-date. Fuel tthey Frontline remains a unique program within our industry and broader retail. Ttheyre is no question that ttheir has been a driver of increased retention of our top performers in key store operations positions. We also appointed a world-class environmental, theyalth and safety leader, Mike Miller. Mike's built a talented team and launctheyd several safety initiatives driving meaningful improvements including a 10% reduction in tthey number of reportable incidents and an additional 13% reduction in our collision frequency rate. In terms of environmental, we reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 7%. Long-term, we expect our environmental theyalth and safety agenda will drive significant productivity. In terms of community, we elevated our involvement in our communities by playing leadership roles in national organizations such as JDRF, tthey American Heart Association, and Building Homes for Heroes, an organization who constructs new homes for veterans and ttheyir families returning to tthey U.S. While we’ve delivered progress in each of ttheyse critical areas to-date, we’ve recognized we have responsibility to do more. I look forward to continuing our momentum ensuring future updates on ttheyse efforts. In summary, performance improvements across tthey enterprise in 2018, translated to accelerated growth. As we’ve said previously, we continue to be encouraged by tthey improving macro indicators for tthey auto parts industry and are confident in our ability to deliver top-line growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow in 2019. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance and our 2019 outlook. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin by thanking tthey entire Advance team for ttheyir dedication throughout 2018. In Q4, tthey team’s discipline enabled meaningful improvement across tthey business. Our adjusted gross profit was $930 million, an increase of 6.4% from tthey prior year quarter. On a linked basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 44.2% improved by a 127 basis points from tthey prior year quarter. Tthey drivers of ttheir increase were tthey result of productivity initiatives including MCO, inventory efforts to better position existing inventory throughout our supply chain and reduce shrink. Ttheyse improvements were partially offset by commodity and tariff theyadwinds versus tthey prior year quarter. Tthey good news is, we see minimal impact on units as a result of commodity and tariff related cost increases. And to-date we've been successful passing on any increases through pricing actions. We continue to work closely with our supplier partners to negotiate pricing and minimize impact to our customers. Our adjusted SG&A was $802 million in tthey fourth quarter, an increase of $43 million year-over-year. As a percentage of net sales, our adjusted SG&A increased by 82 basis points to 38.1%. Tthey majority of ttheir increase was driven by higtheyr bonus expense, which we expect to normalize in 2019. We also increased spending related to our new marketing campaign, including an acceleration of digital capabilities. Additionally, our last mile delivery expenses were higtheyr due to increased fuel and transportation expenses, which include increased costs related to cross-banner visibility. While ttheir capability is clearly enabling stronger top-line performance, we have significant opportunity to improve efficiencies. And finally, third-party services and contract fees were higtheyr in tthey quarter, directly correlated to tthey increased capital spend. Ttheyse theyadwinds were partially offset by furttheyr reduction in our insurance and claims expenses due to improved safety performance as well as lower rent and occupancy costs. Adjusted operating income in tthey fourth quarter was $127 million, an 11.7% increase from tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Our adjusted operating income margin increased 45 basis points to 6% in tthey quarter. Consistent with tthey quarterly ramp in capital spending throughout 2018, our CapEx in Q4 was $89 million, bringing our full year spend to a $194 million. More than 65% of Q4 spend was related to information technology and supply chain projects. Our IT initiatives include critical system investments, addressing longstanding integration opportunities and lack of capabilities. We've officially started tthey integration of all banners and moved to a single payroll system on January 1st. Our finance team also launctheyd our ERP project to integrate our back office systems, which will happen over tthey next two years. As Reuben and their team work to improve existing supply chain operations, we invested in network upgrades, including wireless access and handtheyld scanners to improve accuracy and efficiencies within tthey distribution centers. For tthey full year 2018, net sales were $9,581 million, an increase of 2.2% compared to 2017. And comp sales were 2.3%, a significant improvement over our 2017 performance. Adjusted gross profit for tthey year increased 3.5% to $4.2 billion and adjusted gross profit margin increased 53 basis points to 44.1%. Adjusted SG&A for tthey year increased 2.3% to $3.5 billion. On a rate basis, our full-year adjusted SG&A was 36.3%, which was flat year-over-year and in line with previously discussed expectations. We delivered a 9.3% increase in adjusted operating income for tthey full year to $750.2 million. Adjusted operating income margin was 7.8%, an increase of 51 basis points. Full-year operating cash flow increased by $210 million to $811 million and free cash flow improved by $206 million to $617 million. Because of several factors, we increased inventory more than originally planned in 2018, resulting in free cash flow slightly below our November projection. Tthey primary drivers for tthey increase year-over-year in addition to higtheyr sales were first, as we are beginning to implement dynamic assortment, we found some gaps in our current coverage. Consistent with our commitment to putting tthey customer first, we increased inventory purchases in Q4 to mitigate ttheyse gaps and potential risk for tthey successful rollout of dynamic assortment in Q1. Dynamic assortment will significantly improve how we forward deploy inventory and expect that wtheyn fully implemented, will enable higtheyr turns. Second, as sales trended higtheyr, we were focused on improving store in-stocks, resulting in higtheyr purchases to ensure replenishment capabilities throughout our supply chain. Third is related to 14 new world-class branctheys that were opened in 2018 as well as purchases to support planned openings in tthey first quarter of 2019. With all that said, we remain committed to optimizing our inventory over tthey next several years, while maintaining our customer first focus and improving our assortment across tthey enterprise. Our disciplined approach to managing cash and delivering on our capital allocation priorities ttheir year resulted in an AP ratio of 72.7% to end 2018, an improvement of 329 basis points year-over-year. In addition to ttheir notable progress, we delivered a 13.8% return on invested capital, which was a 90 basis-point improvement compared to tthey prior year. In line with our financial priorities to maintain an investment grade rating, investment in tthey business and opportunistically return capital to shareholders, we repurchased a $153 million worth of Advance stock during tthey fourth quarter. We're confident in our ability to generate cash flow from tthey business and committed to tthey opportunistic return of cash to shareholders. As such, subsequent to year-end, we repurchased $127 million worth of Advance stock at an average price of $159.65. Our guidance and forecast do not include any additional repurchases at ttheir time. Additionally, last month, we announced tthey early redemption of our $300 million 2020 notes using available cash on hand. We're confident in our ability to generate cash flow from tthey business and drive shareholder value, while keeping to our financial priorities. We are pleased with what we were able to deliver in both tthey fourth quarter and full year, but recognize that we still have work to do to capitalize on tthey significant opportunity atheyad. As we continue with disciplined execution of our strategic objectives in 2019, we're confident we will deliver furttheyr improvements ttheir year. In 2019, we expect to deliver net sales or 9.65 to $9.8 billion with comparable store sales in tthey range of 1% to 2.5%. We expect adjusted operating income margin expansion in a range of 20 to 60 basis points, which includes operating expenses related to a continued ramp in investments in IT, supply chain and marketing in a range of 80 to $120 million in 2019. We estimate our CapEx in tthey range of $250 million to $300 million ttheir year, of which more than two-thirds is focused on technology, e-commerce and supply chain investments. In line with our continuing transformation agenda in 2019, we estimate integration and transformation expenses of 80 to a $100 million ttheir year, which includes approximately $15 million related to furttheyr optimization of our store footprint. Our 2019 tax rate is expected to be 24% to 26%. Finally, we remain disciplined in our cash management and focused on improving cash flow. For 2019, we expect to deliver minimum free cash flow of $650 million. In summary, from a financial perspective, we're pleased with wtheyre we ended 2018, but as Tom said, we need to continue our momentum and remain laser-focused on flawless execution in tthey short term while making tthey appropriate investments at both CapEx and OpEx to deliver our long-term objectives. We're optimistic about 2019 and look forward to sharing future successes as we continue executing on our strategic plans.  With that, let’s open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Xian Siew Hi guys. Ttheir is Xian Siew on for Simeon. So, guidance sounds maybe a little bit conservative, and you've talked about mid teens EBIT margins over time, which would represent significant gains from theyre. A range of 20 to 60 is encouraging. But we were just kind of wondering, is tthey journey maybe taking -- going to take a little bit longer to reach over time or should we expect faster progress some point soon? Tom Greco Good morning. We feel pretty good about tthey progress we made in 2018 in driving top-line growth and expanding margins at tthey same time. Ttheir is something that tthey old AAP had difficulty with and we're happy that we were able to do both, last year. Tthey productivity focus in ‘18 drove margin expansion in ‘18, and we feel that tthey material cost optimization, supply chain productivity and zero-based budgeting will continue to theylp us at tthey productivity. Ttheyre are some offsetting investments in 2019 which will limit margin expansion. And we feel ttheyse investments are critical to our success. And ttheyy're going to really differentiate us over tthey long term. Ttheyy'll do one of two things. Ttheyy'll eittheyr unlock future cost savings or drive top-line growth. And in our prepared remarks, you theyard Jeff talk about a range of $80 million to $120 million of OpEx investment in 2019. That by itself is around a full point of margin expansion in ‘19 that we're reinvesting back in tthey business in order to drive long-term growth. Ttheyy are focused in three areas, tthey OpEx investments, first of all, technology and e-commerce; secondly, in our people, primarily in supply chain; and third, in marketing. And I'm happy to go deeper into each of ttheyse areas, but tthey net of it is, in 2019, we'll drive significant productivity and expand margins and drive our top-line growth, while making important necessary investments to drive tthey long-term growth of tthey company. Xian Siew Thank you. And ttheyn, just to follow up on that. Can you just remind us wtheyre tthey biggest upside will come from? Longer term, what's tthey biggest kind of opportunity, is it inefficiency on tthey margins or more of tthey sales productivity? Tom Greco We obviously have both. I mean, we think we can drive shareholder value through a combination of performing at or above tthey rate of growth of tthey industry, which is very theyalthy right now in that 3% range. And we also believe we can drive significant margin expansion. So, both of those play a key role in tthey overall trajectory of our financials. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.  Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you talk about tthey margin guide for ttheir year? How should we be thinking about tthey cadence? Do you think it's going to be more front half versus back half weighted? You have to annualize some investments and expenses from last year, ttheir past year as well. And in terms of tthey components, how should we think about gross margin leverage versus SG&A? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Hey, good morning, Chris. As we think overall for tthey year, tthey margin is going to be -- we're going to see steady improvement throughout tthey year. In terms of tthey margin breakdown between SG&A and gross margin, we think we're going to be flat on a rate basis on our SG&A. So, as you recall, in 2018, we came in at 36.3%. Right now, we're modeling with those OpEx investments that we talked about in both prepared remarks and in tthey color we just gave on tthey previous question that that will keep us flat on a rate basis. So, that's tthey way we're thinking about it. Chris Horvers Understood. And ttheyn, in terms of tthey share repurchase opportunity. Can you sort of square up how you think about that use of free cash flow? You have tthey debt pay down coming, $300 million in tthey first quarter. How do you think about tthey opportunity for share repurchases in 2019? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. And just to remind you, our capital allocation priorities have remained unchanged from 2018, which is to maintain that investment grade rating, reinvest in tthey business. We talked about tthey increase in tthey capital expenditures we expect in 2019. Ttheir is going to be a range of $250 to $300 million. And ttheyn, opportunistically repurchasing shares are giving excess cash back to our shareholders. Since we had our revised repurchase plan, we repurchased $400 million worth of shares. And we're going to continue to be opportunistic with that. We don't have anything in our guidance currently, but we're going to continue to be opportunistic and look at those opportunities to return excess cash to our shareholders. Chris Horvers Understood. And last question, Tom, can you talk about how you're thinking about tthey supply chain integration? You have multiple phases, I think, three phases going on currently. How do you think about tthey time to complete those different supply chain projects? Thank you. Tom Greco Sure, Chris? Well, Reuben Slone, as you know, came in, in tthey fourth quarter, and Reuben was on our Board. He's brought a new dimension to our thinking. He was very familiar with what we were doing. I think, they's really building momentum to ramp up execution in our supply chain. He's focused on a very rigorous standardization of tthey core processes. So, it's important to note that I feel really good about tthey progress we're making on tthey execution, just tthey basic blocking and tackling within our supply chain. Tthey three big elements of our supply chain strategy haven't changed, to your point. Tthey first one is building a market by market DMA plan. And I think, we've completed a thorough review of every market in tthey country. We plan to leverage really tthey entire enterprise’s supply chain infrastructure. Tthey goal theyre is to drive share obviously, expand our margins, drive cash flow for each market, based on tthey size of tthey opportunity going forward within our existing footprint. Secondly, you theyard us talk about DC optimization. We have more DCs than we need. We're in tthey process of executing our pretty disciplined plan to optimize tthey network. We completed tthey closures of our Gallman and San Antonio DC at tthey end of 2018, and we're on track to close our Columbia, South Jordanina DC during tthey first half of 2019, and you'll see us continue ttheir optimization work going forward. Finally, in terms of our in-store, in market store and asset optimization. Ttheir is also well underway and it’s performing very well. Here, we look at tthey entirety of tthey in-market asset base including Advance and Carquest DCs, Advance Super Hubs and hubs, Worldpac branctheys, AutoPart International stores, and of course, our Advance and Carquest stores, both corporate and independent. And once we're clear on with tthey entirety of ttheir asset bases and how to best to sort and connect ttheyse assets, we ttheyn look to optimize. And with ttheir as a backdrop, we did a great job executing store closures last year. We're exceeding tthey goals we establittheyyd across tthey board. And in 2018, we closed and consolidated and 101 stores and opened about 14 Worldpac branctheys. So, we plan to take a similar approach in 2019. And I feel really good about how we're executing. I'm confident it's going to get better under Reuben’s leadership. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. As you look out over tthey longer run, do you expect that DIY and CISM business to be more similar in terms of growth rate? Why do you think -- what drove tthey difference ttheir quarter? Tom Greco Well, first of all, from an industry standpoint, Michael, we expect professional to outperform DIY. Tthey industry leading indicators are really strong ttheir year, as you know. Tthey big ones that we found GDP being positive, tthey car park is going to go up, vehicle miles driven is growing. And ttheyn, of course, vehicles in tthey sweet spot is tthey big one that we're seeing growth ttheir year, will be up a couple of points ttheir year on vehicles in tthey sweet spot. Of course, that vehicle is in that 6 to 11-year old population. And that's a real positive for tthey industry overall. That number, as you know, was down in 2017 and ttheyn roughly flat last year. So, we're seeing a positive trend in tthey vehicles in tthey sweet spot. And that tends to benefit tthey professional side a little bit more. Obviously with cars getting more complicated, that benefits tthey professional size. So, we expect professional to grow a little bit above tthey rate of growth of DIY, call it 4% to 5%, and DIY in tthey low single digit range. All that said, we're really pleased with tthey performance of our DIY business in tthey most recent quarter. It is tthey first time, as we said in our prepared remarks that DIY outcomped our professional business. Our advertising, Think Atheyad, Think Advance theylped us for sure. Our field team is executing well in tthey stores; we're driving units per transaction. And obviously, tthey omnichannel effort is theylping us. So, all of those things are theylping our internal performance on DIY on a macro level, though we would expect professional to perform higtheyr than DIY over time. And that's how we’ve modeled our own business as well. Michael Lasser And to start tthey quarter as tthey weattheyr has been really funky, can you give us some sense how tthey business performed quarter-to-date? Tom Greco We feel great about wtheyre we are year-to-date. Obviously, it's winter, and it's been volatile. Tthey tax refunds are little bit late but we clearly like our performance on a year-to-date basis. And I really like tthey progress on our execution. If you consider our professional business, we're seeing a close rate go up; our cross-banner sourcing continues to gain momentum; on tthey DIY omnichannel side, we continue to drive awareness so we Think Atheyad, Think Advance, we’ve seen a nice uptick ttheyre. And ttheyn, we're getting better and managing tthey cost side of things as well. So, all of those things are positive for us on a quarter-to-date basis. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys, Scot Ciccarelli. Question about tthey incremental OpEx you guys outlined. Do you envision tthey investments that you highlighted as really just a 2019 event or is it recognition that you need to continue to invest in tthey business to position it wtheyre you want to be over tthey longer term? Tom Greco Let me start and I'll take it over to Jeff to talk about tthey longer term. But, first of all, in ‘19, ttheyre is a couple of areas that we're investing in, Scot. If you talk about technology and e-commerce, that's by far tthey biggest investment that we're making. It's over half. Examples theyre are largely integration related. So, getting to one payroll system, getting to one back office system, getting to a single warehouse management systems. Ttheyse are large technology-related platforms that we're implementing across tthey enterprise, and really simplify tthey business and reduce complexity in our cost base. In ttheyse cases, we have IT, OpEx expense in 2019 without tthey commensurate cost takeout as we design and implement tthey new system. So, we fully expect to remove ttheyse costs sometime in tthey future, obviously wtheyn we're able to retire tthey old way of doing things, wtheyttheyr that's our payroll or our ERP system. Secondly, in terms of people, you'll recall, we had a crisis in terms of turnover on our frontline organization and store operations a couple years ago. We've now addressed that; our turnover is down. And ttheir year, we're making a similar wage investment in our supply chain team to do tthey very same thing in our distribution centers to drive tthey turnover down ttheyre. And ttheyn, third, in marketing, we've been building our brand, both in DIY and professional. I talked about tthey advertising campaign. As we continue to see tthey marketing campaign drive our comps and obviously lift our sales growth above tthey industry average, we're going to continue to invest. If we don't like tthey returns ttheyre, we can certainly meter it back. But, ttheyse three areas represent tthey vast majority of our OpEx investment in ‘19. And I’ll let Jeff talk a little bit about tthey future. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. And just in terms of that detail that Tom just provided, some of those clearly have longer tails than ottheyrs. But we do think ttheir type of investment we're going to see not only in ‘19 but also in tthey in tthey 2020. And ttheyn, we’d expect ttheyse to normalize after that. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay, very theylpful. And ttheyn, just a housekeeping item. Can you tell us what tthey impact of inflation was in tthey fourth quarter? Tom Greco Yes. It was about 2 points on a per unit basis, Scot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Your line is open.  Dan Wewer Thanks. First question I had relates to transformation charges. How many additional years beyond 2019 will you continue to set up a line item farttheyst? And does it continue until tthey Company reactheys that 14%, 15% EBITDA rate? Tom Greco Yes. Hey, Dan. In terms of tthey transformation, you are seeing it start to ramp down. But again, as we continue with tthey integration, we just talked about on some of tthey previous questions, we'll will certainly going to see it in ‘19, and I would expect to continue to see it into ‘20. After that, I think it would be fairly de minimis at that point. Dan Wewer And ttheyn, a second question, you talked about tthey acceleration and your do-it--yourself revenue is exceeding commercial. I know that you seem to be a little more aggressive with a 20% off promotions on your e-commerce offer. Can you talk about what that’s contributed to your do-it-yourself sales growth? Tom Greco Well, we're certainly seeing strong growth in our e-commerce business. About 70% of tthey transactions wtheyttheyr ttheyy're DIY, online or retail ttheyn start on a mobile device now. So, you really have to be ttheyre for tthey customer wtheyn ttheyy're doing ttheyir initial searctheys and investigating what ttheyy need to do for tthey job. So, we're very excited about that. We've made a lot of progress, improving tthey quality of our website, tthey page load speeds, all of those key variables. And it's going to be an omnichannel effort. That whole journey involves online search each time. So, we're going to continue to drive our online business, we're going to continue to drive our retail business wtheyn customer gets ttheyre. We're going to make sure ttheyy have all tthey parts ttheyy need. It's essentially adapting to really leveraging our asset base, including our online assets and our physical assets in tthey stores. Dan Wewer And Tom, you sound really excited about tthey Walmart partnership. Can you discuss how that benefits your guidance for 2019 for sales and for operating margin rate? Tom Greco Yes. Well, first of all, tthey guide itself, we believe ttheir is going to be a great year for tthey industry and for AAP. So, clearly, we want to see an acceleration of our performance versus last year. Walmart, tthey initiatives that we have for Walmart as we said in our prepared remarks, really kick in towards tthey back end of ttheir year. Ttheyre's a couple of phases, tthey first phase is really to put a broader assortment of parts on to tthey Walmart website for ship to home purposes. And ttheyn, tthey second phase is to get really stand up, what we call, pick up today wtheyre tthey customer can enter into tthey Walmart website; it will be a branded online presence that we’ll have ttheyre on tthey Walmart website, and ttheyy'll be able to pick up tthey part in an Advance store and that will be towards tthey back end. So, ttheyre isn't a lot of incremental sales contemplated, Dan, in that sales guide. We believe that will be all upside to tthey sales guide we have. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open.  Brian Nagel Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a nice year. I've got maybe a couple of questions. First off, just from a bigger picture perspective. Your comments theyre and ttheyn obviously a lot of indicators throughout tthey industry have suggested a nice and improving tailwind within tthey business. If that happens, and you’re looking at your turnaround at your efforts, do you have an opportunity to accelerate your efforts or would you -- or will you more or less just let -- tailwind from a sales perspective fall to tthey bottom line? Tom Greco Well, it's good question, Brian. I mean, clearly, ttheyre's a high fixed cost base that we have that incremental sales theylps us a lot. So, we're going to make sure that we're making tthey investments we need to make for tthey long term, as we said a few minutes ago. Ttheyre are a couple of areas that we feel we have to address. And eventually, those costs come out in pretty big chunks. If you think about getting to a single payroll system we currently have for, we've moved to a new payroll system, we need to retire those old systems, getting to a single ERP system, we currently have four of those, we want to get to a single system ttheyre and retire those systems. So, all of tthey investments we're making ttheir year in tthey technology space largely pertain to tthey simplification and tthey integration of tthey Company. On tthey ottheyr side of tthey coin, we're driving tthey top line. Tthey top line is very important. We want to be competitive in tthey marketplace. We want to strengttheyn our customer value proposition wtheyttheyr that's on tthey professional side or on tthey DIY side. And ttheyre are some things that we're doing ttheyre to drive our business. We believe that tthey things that we're doing are making us much more relevant. I think, if you look at tthey back half of last year at our actual performance, it was strong relative to tthey industry. And that's tthey goal on an ongoing basis. So, we're going to continue to drive tthey top line hard. To tthey extent that we exceed tthey sales guide that we’ve provided ttheir year, we’ll make those decisions as ttheyy come. But, clearly, tthey industry backdrop is very good. We feel very good about wtheyre we are on a year-to-date basis, and we're going to continue to make those decisions as ttheyy come along. Brian Nagel That's very theylpful. Ttheyn, tthey second question I had. You'd mentioned in tthey prepared comments tthey dynamic assortments and your efforts on inventory. So, with that, a couple of questions. One, is inventory wtheyre it needs to be now, or should we expect to see a continued build from theyre? And ttheyn, second, is ttheyre a way to look at ttheir effort and maybe parse out just in and of itself how much that has theyld back sales? So, to tthey extent that we get inventories into a better position that again -- ttheir alone should be a driver of sales? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we clearly see opportunities to continue to optimize and reduce our inventory. Ttheyre's a couple of things that we're doing ttheyre, Brian. We plan to start tthey implementation of cross-banner replenishment between Carquest and Advance in tthey back half of ‘19. So, essentially, wtheyn that's completed, we'll be able to ship parts from legacy Advance distribution centers to legacy Carquest stores and vice versa. Obviously, ttheir will enable us to reduce stem miles and furttheyr optimize inventory throughout our DC network. Secondly, we're also integrating tthey Worldpac in AutoPart International supply chains. And those two supply chains are starting to come togettheyr, we’re assorting togettheyr. Bob Cushing is leading all that work. So, if you thinking about those first two big work streams, cross-banner replenishment and Advance and Carquest and ttheyn of course Worldpac and AI, as those two big initiatives are completed, we're moving from four supply chains down to two. So, that should theylp us reduce inventory. And you mentioned dynamic assortment. What we're learning ttheyre, and I think you know ttheir. We've evolved from tthey old way of assorting, which we used to call, probability to sell to a new way of assorting that is founded in machine learning tools, called dynamic assortment. And ttheir is showing us that we can actually increase our turns throughout tthey supply chain by replacing slow turning skews with more relevant, faster turning skews, pretty basic stuff. But, we're very excited about tthey early returns on dynamic assortment, and you're going to continue to see us optimize our inventory going forward. And I think your point about have we -- our sales been theyld back a little bit because of our inventory assortment, I think, tthey answer to that question is yes, because as we make ttheyse changes, we're seeing tthey close rate go up. So, just by essentially using tthey dynamic assortment tool that we have, changing out tthey assortment we have in a category like spark plugs or anything else, we're definitely seeing tthey close rate improve. So, we see opportunities ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is around tthey top trends in tthey fourth quarter. Could you give us a little bit more color as to tthey degree of outperformance of DIY relative to DIFM? Was it 20, 30 basis points or was it 200, 300 basis points? Tom Greco Yes. It was it was pretty slight, Seth. We don't break that up specifically, as you know, but it was slightly higtheyr. Tthey trends through tthey quarter were similar to what you've theyard from ottheyrs. Our period 11 and 12, which is essentially October, November was strong, and December slightly positive. So, not as strong as November and October, but slightly positive in December. So, -- but tthey comparative at DIY and Pro was relatively similar. Seth Basham That’s theylpful. As you think what tthey drivers behind that inflection of DIY out comping Pro, was it more in tthey market, weattheyr, et cetera or was it more around some of your initiatives with advertising or something else? Tom Greco Well, we definitely feel we're performing better in DIY omnichannel than we had been. Obviously, we do see some syndicated on that -- syndicated data on that topic that would corroborate that. I do think that we're executing better in tthey stores. I think that tthey advertising theyalth, we see tthey awareness numbers; ttheyy went up nicely; ttheyy’re still way too low in our view. But, tthey awareness numbers did go up behind tthey new advertising. Our buy online, pickup in store execution is improving. All of those things are factor. So, I think our relative performance is stronger in DIY, and I think that's why we're performing better. Seth Basham Got it. And just one last housekeeping question. You mentioned tthey impact of inflation in tthey fourth quarter, but what is it embedded in our guidance for comps in 2019? Tom Greco It's similar to what we said on a per unit basis, it's a couple of points obviously that ttheyre is still some uncertainty ttheyre, Seth, surrounding tariffs. But, based on what we see today, that's what we have in ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hi. Good morning. Yes. On that inflation question -- on tthey inflation question I guess, it sort of seems that maybe we’re expecting a couple of points of inflation in 2019. And that's -- you expect inflation represents tthey majority of your comp and you're not really seeing a lot of unit pickup or maybe some better color on that? Tom Greco Well, again, I think, Bret, our guide itself is in line with our full-year performance last year. I can tell you that everybody in tthey Company is focused on exceeding that sales guide. We think it's going to be a strong year for tthey industry and for Advance for all tthey reasons that I've said. I think, from our standpoint, we're building tthey guide -- sorry, we're building our fixed cost base around tthey sales guide as we did last year. Our goal is to exceed that sales guide. All we're trying to do is make sure that we're able to deliver tthey overall financials of tthey Company. So, tthey goal is to beat tthey sales guide. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn, a question on tthey Walmart relationship. Is picking up at Walmart not going to be an option, are you eittheyr going to ship to home or pick up at Advance? Tom Greco At some point, we do plan to have it available to pick up at Walmart. We're rooting ttheir entire partnership and tthey customer. And what tthey customer wants is what we're going to do. So, we're going to make it as easy as possible for tthey customer. Obviously, we do believe that tthey convenience of coming to an Advance store is advantage and along with tthey trusted advice our employees can provide. But, we'll -- Walmart is a terrific partner on ttheir. And ttheyy've got a great leadership team. We're excited to work collaboratively with ttheym. We've got one of our top people, Christoptheyr Jefferies, is working on ttheir initiative. Sthey's dedicated to tthey partnership; ttheyy's building up tthey plans. And I know tthey Walmart team is very excited about it. So, more to come. Bret Jordan What do you see that relationship impact on margin being in 2019? Obviously, you got some cost built into tthey development as well as maybe some revenue share with Walmart. But, if you’d sort of carved out how much that might cost you on tthey front end? Tom Greco We haven't broken that out, Bret. I mean, obviously, we're going to do ttheir in a thoughtful way and do it in a way that has a positive impact on our overall financials. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.  Chris Bottiglieri Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. I was hoping that you could update us on material cost savings, how far along are you in that process? And ttheyn, as you think about kind of tthey impact of inflation in 2019, how do those conversations change in ttheir type of environment, would you still expect to get those benefits? Tom Greco Yes. Sure, Chris, in terms of tthey material costs, I think, one of tthey things is as we go through ttheir cycle is I’ll call it phase 1, we're probably about 80% of tthey way through ttheyse material costs categories. But, it doesn't really stop ttheyre. We're going to be going back and revisiting categories. Tthey first round we really focused theyavily on AAP CQ. As we go back to certain vendors, we're now incorporating Worldpac and AI. So, it's an ongoing negotiation. Certainly with tthey uncertainties around tariffs and ottheyr commodity theyadwinds, we continue to work closely with our vendor partners. So, we've talked about inflation in 2019 and it's something that we're actively working on with our supplier partners. Chris Bottiglieri Got you. And ttheyn, I was hoping to quantify what tthey LIFO reserve was ttheir quarter, what tthey impact on gross margin was, and how -- like, given tthey inflation we're seeing, how should we thinking about that in ‘19? Tom Greco Yes. That’s something we saw in tthey fourth quarter theyre, was actually a theyadwind. You'll see wtheyn we publish our 10-K theyre later on today it was about a $15 million theyadwind. But again, we were able to more than offset that with ottheyr actions, including productivity measures. So, while it wasn't theyadwind, to your point, with tthey increasing costs, tthey commodities, tthey tariffs, we are able to more than offset that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Seth Sigman Thanks. Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to talk a little about cross-banner visibility and just tthey progress ttheyre, any indication on how much that may be theylping tthey comps currently and how you see that ramping? And ttheyn, on tthey cost side, I know that’s had some negative implications in tthey short term, if you could quantify tthey impact in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn just tthey potential for greater efficiencies next year. That would be theylpful. Thank you. Tom Greco Sure. It’s a big factor in terms of our comp improvement. Wtheyn you consider -- let me break it down ttheir way. If you look at our 2018 comp and you compare it to our 2017 comp, we improved by about 430 basis points. We think that at least half of that is related to overall industry improvement, if you think about tthey comparison to our primary competitors. So, what's remaining, ttheyre's about 100 or 200 and odd -- 205 points or whatever that number is, all of that is around three big things, cross-banner visibility, our DIY performance, and ttheyn just general execution. So, we would attribute about 80 bps to cross-banner visibility, and it's a very strong gaining momentum initiative that we have inside tthey company, very excited about it, and our team is very excited about it. Tthey cost to optimize it, it's relatively small, but it does cause us to drive around a little bit more than we'd like to, to get tthey part. And we're going to continue to work at that. Seth Sigman Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, on tthey gross margin outlook, which I think is implied to be up 20 to 60 bps for tthey year, can you just walk us through some of tthey key drivers of that? I think, you touctheyd a little bit on tthey material cost reductions. But, maybe specific on tthey supply chain, which has been a theyadwind, a lot going on ttheyre, as you start to close some distribution centers. Any more color on how to think about that as a theyadwind or potentially less of a theyadwind in 2019? Tom Greco Yes. I think, actually you touctheyd on a number of those, in terms of supply chain, in fact in tthey fourth quarter, it was relatively flat on a rate basis as we're lapping those two distribution centers that we opened last year. So, we're overcoming some of those theyadwinds with tthey initiatives that we've been talking about in terms of supply chain. We hope to get some productivity out of that. Obviously, ttheyre's some investment that comes along with it, but we think we can get some productivity ttheyre. Material cost optimization, to your point, is going to be ongoing. We’re still confident we can see improvements ttheyre. And ttheyn, ottheyr productivity measures, including shrink and better managing our slower moving inventory as we continue to use things like dynamic assortment, we think that’s going to theylp us be more efficient and will drive those 20 to 60 basis points of improvement. Operator Thank you. And I'm currently showing no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks to all of you for joining us. We've completed our second year now in our transformation agenda. And my leadership team and I are extremely proud of tthey team's execution in ‘18 and ttheyir continued focus to begin ‘19. So, as you've theyard today, tthey diligent efforts and strategic investments we made over tthey past two years are beginning to bear fruit in our improving results. And while we have a lot of work atheyad in our transformation journey, I'm confident we're on tthey right path with tthey right plan, and we have tthey best team members in tthey industry to theylp us capitalize on tthey significant opportunity atheyad for AAP. We look forward to discussing our first quarter results in May. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participation. And have a wonderful day.