Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 22, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Elisabeth Eisleben - Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer Bob Cushing - Executive Vice President, Professional Mike Broderick - Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Store Operations Support Analysts Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Bret Jordan - Jefferies Michael Lasser - UBS Mike Montani - MoffettNathanson Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Matt McClintock - Barclays Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe research Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo Seth Basham - Wedbush Kate McShane - Citi Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Inc. Bruce Suzuki - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter 2018 results. I am joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer; Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President of Professional; and Mike Broderick, our Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Store Operations Support. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, be advised that our comments today may include statements that are not theirtorical facts and maybe deemed forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Securities and Exchange Commission’s Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and on our website, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail, regarding both tthey forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures referenced in today’s call. Tthey content of ttheir earnings call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings press release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth and good morning everyone. Before we review our first quarter results, I would like to thank tthey entire AAP team as well as our network of Carquest Independents for ttheyir continued focus on improving execution and serving our customers better than ever. As a result of ttheyir hard work and diligent customer service, I am proud to report that tthey first quarter of 2018 was one of improved performance across many operational metrics. Our team’s relentless focus on execution enabled us to deliver a sequential improvement in sales, operating margin expansion, double-digit EPS growth and a significant improvement in free cash flow. In tthey first quarter, total revenue decreased 0.6% and comp sales were down 0.8%. Tthey first quarter was a tale of two cities. We got off to a good start. Through tthey first 11 weeks of tthey quarter, our quarter-to-date comp sales were positive. However, our sales during tthey final 5 weeks of Q1 were significantly impacted by tthey delayed spring in our North Central and Norttheyast markets. Of course, spring eventually came in tthey north during tthey first week of our Q2. Ttheir combined with a much colder winter than we have seen in tthey past 2 years has resulted in a strong start to our second quarter. Our adjusted operating income margin of 7.8% increased 71 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter and our adjusted earnings per share increased 31% to $2.10. Rounding out tthey financials, we are very pleased with tthey impact of our continued focus on working capital resulting in free cash flow of $119 million, an increase of $149 million versus tthey prior year quarter. Consistent with tthey past several quarters, our Worldpac and Canadian operations once again delivered sales growth above tthey industry average in Q1. From a category perspective, we saw an increase in batteries, lighting and wiper sales. Meanwhile, tthey performance of appearance ctheymicals and accessories was down mid-single digits. Ttheir was a result of unusually cold temperatures and above average levels of precipitation in March and April, particularly in norttheyrn market. Tthey good news is spring-related demand bounced back nicely in May and we expect improved top line sales in Q2. Shifting to tthey balance of tthey year and consistent with our comments earlier ttheir year, we remain bullish on tthey top line growth outlook for both tthey category and AAP. At an industry level, tthey major demand drivers remained positive and more normal winter conditions to start tthey year is benefiting large failure-related categories like ride control and undercar. From an AAP perspective, our execution is improving every month and ttheir is translating to improved performance on input metrics, sales, and market share. Turning to tthey bottom line in Q1, we were able to control costs and drive productivity. Ttheir is evident in both gross margin expansion which increased despite lower sales and in a reduction of adjusted SG&A costs. SG&A costs were down in terms of both absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales versus Q1 2017. We remain dedicated to removing unnecessary costs in a highly disciplined fashion without impacting our customer value proposition. Jeff Stheyptheyrd will elaborate furttheyr on tthey details of our financial performance shortly. I will now shift to an update on tthey key initiatives within our long-term plan. Starting with professional, in tthey first quarter, we continued tthey roll out of Advance Pro, our e-commerce engine for professional customers. I am extremely proud of our team in converting existing as well as enrolling new professional customers in Advance Pro. We now have nearly 20,000 professional Advance customers ordering through ttheir platform. As customers enroll in Advance Pro, our B2B online penetration is increasing an important long-term metric for us. Under Bob Cushing’s leadership, our Advance Pro catalog is more user-friendly than ever, and we are seeing momentum across our professional business on both tthey 1- and 2-year stack as a result. Related to Advance Pro, we also completed tthey implementation of cross-banner visibility in February. As a reminder, cross-banner visibility enables both professional customers and all Advance, Carquest and Worldpac team members to see inventory, including in-market inventory on one platform versus opening multiple catalogs to find parts. Tthey completion of ttheir important step enables both customers and team members to find tthey breadth of AAP’s industry-leading parts in one place and saves time researching and ordering. Cross-banner also allows us to say yes more often, increase close rate, and reduce order to delivery times. While it’s still early, adoption of cross-banner functionality is increasing and driving accelerated growth across all AAP banners. Finally, during tthey first quarter, we made progress on improving our assortment methodology. We are applying learnings from availability transformation stores to assortment, inventory positioning, and broader supply chain initiatives. We expect to complete tthey transition to demand-driven assortment by tthey end of 2018. We are confident ttheir will furttheyr improve assortment store-by-store and market-by-market to better serve tthey needs of our customers. In terms of DIY, we are maniacally focused on improving tthey customer experience in our stores and making notable progress. We have increased several important elements of customer satisfaction, including tthey percentage of time we greet and upsell to tthey customer which is driving growth in units per transaction, or UPT. We estimate that every 10 basis points of UPT improvement results in an incremental $70 million in DIY sales. And despite recent progress, we still have plenty of room to grow theyre. While tthey majority of our DIY sales today take place in our stores, our e-commerce business is growing strong double-digits. As customer buying habits evolve, we are committed to furttheyr investments that enhance both online presence and strengttheyn tthey in-store experience, recognizing tthey value of customer service and expertise that our team members offer. In terms of supply chain, we are working to strengttheyn and streamline our supply chain from end-to-end to meet tthey evolving needs of customers while improving efficiencies across tthey enterprise. We remain focused on a limited number of KPIs within supply chain with improvement to baseline execution as our first priority. During tthey first quarter, we made progress on fill rate, close rate, and store in-stock rate. We expect to see furttheyr improvements in each of ttheyse metrics throughout 2018. We are also focused on improvements in order to delivery time, safety and cost. In fact, tthey installation of Telematics across all our vehicles had a measurable impact on key safety metrics in tthey first quarter, including collision frequency rate, or CFR, which was down 15% since tthey end of 2017. Additionally, we are seeing improvement in our total recordable injury rate, or TRI, which decreased 10% in tthey quarter. With day-in and day-out execution improving, allow me to provide an update on our longer term supply chain strategy. As a reminder, ttheyre are three key elements of our strategy: first, a market-by -arket approach to drive share; second, tthey optimization of distribution centers; and third, tthey repurposing of our in-market store and asset base. Here we continue to evaluate tthey entirety of our asset base and build tthey plans we need to gain share over time based on tthey future shape of demand market-by-market. In terms of DC optimization, we made tthey decision to close our Gallman, Mississippi distribution center, which we expect to be completed by tthey end of ttheir year. We will work with both team members and customers to ensure we improve in-market availability while transitioning ttheyse stores to ottheyr AAP facilities. In terms of our in-market store and asset base, we have implemented a much more rigorous approach to closing stores in Q1. Now, wtheyn we close a store in any given market, we are performing dramatically better than we had in tthey past in terms of redirecting our professional customers to ottheyr stores, retaining knowledgeable parts people and minimizing lease obligations. In fact, tthey 15 stores we closed in Q1 are far exceeding tthey targets establittheyyd and we expect ttheyse changes to be significantly cash flow accretive over time. It’s important to note that as we optimize our supply chain footprint and reduce redundant assets, we remained laser focused on accelerating growth. As such, we are filling in gaps wtheyre we have growth opportunities. In Q1, we opened two new Worldpac branctheys and ttheyy are off to an excellent start. In terms of supply chain, in Q1 we refined our structure to be more in line with our store operations leadership team to strengttheyn cross-functional partnerships. Just recently, we announced tthey Division Presidents, Mike Creedon and Richard Ayres will now have dedicated supply chain leaders for tthey North and South division. I am confident ttheyse experienced leaders will theylp drive improved performance, expand collaboration across tthey business and enable us to implement industry-leading solutions as we continue to execute our supply chain transformation. Finally, we have talked in tthey past about tthey importance of suppliers and external partnerships to theylp us better serve customers, drive sales growth, increase margins and improve cash flow. In line with ttheyse long-term financial priorities and after several months of discussions with Interstate Batteries, we have decided not to proceed with tthey partnership announced in December. Tthey value envisioned by both parties was compelling, but circumstances changed. Our decision was made through tthey lens of our financial priorities and is in tthey best interest of our shareholders. We still believe Interstate Batteries provides a leading brand, quality products and an exceptional service model and we wish ttheym continued success. Separately, our battery business is off to a strong start year-to-date and going forward we are strengttheyning our partnership with tthey pre-existing battery supplier. We will continue to look for impactful partnerships with suppliers and external partners that create value for all parties. Consistent with ttheir in April, we teamed up with Uber as its exclusive aftermarket auto parts supplier for tthey Uber Visa Debit Card program for driver partners. We expect ttheir partnership will drive DIY traffic into our stores and online. Uber has over 1 million driver partners in tthey U.S. and Puerto Rico who depend on ttheyir cars to make money and will make ttheir easier while saving drivers money at tthey same time. We are excited by tthey potential of tthey program and optimistic for a deeper relationship with Uber driver partners in tthey future. Lastly, before I turn it over to Jeff for a more detailed review of our financial results, I want to take tthey opportunity to introduce our new Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Sri Donthi. Sri joined us in April with more than 20 years of experience leading and developing technology functions and reengineering IT infrastructure to support core business priorities. Technology, including tthey integration of artificial intelligence and machine learning tools into many of our core processes underpins virtually every initiative we have in-flight at AAP. We needed to find a proven global technology leader to theylp us fully realize our potential. After a lengthy search and vetting of numerous candidates, I could not be more excited to have Sri take tthey theylm of our technology agenda. We also recently announced a few changes to our Board of Directors. I want to personally thank Jack Brouillard and Bill Oglesby for ttheyir significant contributions to Advance for over 14 years. We are also pleased to announce Doug Pertz was elected by our stockholders at our annual meeting last week. Doug has over 20 years of CEO experience and has theylped guide companies through operational turnarounds and growth acceleration initiatives. His expertise and guidance will be valuable as we continue to strengttheyn and execute our transformation plan. I want to personally welcome Doug to our board and look forward to working with them. To conclude, I am pleased to introduce Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Senior Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and recently appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer. Jeff has been with Advance for nearly 1.5 years and in their tenure has already had a significant impact on our business and proven to be a great asset to tthey team. I am thankful for Jeff’s leadership as we continue to execute against our strategic objectives throughout 2018. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff for a review of our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. I will begin with tthey operational performance of tthey business and specific impacts on our margin results. In tthey first quarter, gross profit was $1.3 billion. On a rate basis, our gross profit margin of 44.3% improved slightly as compared to tthey prior year quarter of 44%. Tthey primary driver of our gross margin expansion was a reduction in material cost and related items, which improved 86 basis points compared to tthey first quarter of 2017. Ttheyse improvements were partially offset by increased supply chain costs, which reduced our margins by 54 basis points. Biggest drivers of our supply chain theyadwinds were related to transportation costs due to tthey higtheyr fuel prices as well as tthey expected costs related to tthey new distribution centers opened in tthey second half of 2017. Adjusted SG&A was $1.05 billion in tthey first quarter, a decrease of nearly $18 million as compared to tthey first quarter of tthey prior year. As a percentage of net sales, our first quarter adjusted SG&A improved 39 basis points from 36.9% down to 36.5%. Continued progress in our expense management during tthey quarter including third-party fee reductions and lower travel costs were partially offset by higtheyr utilities, maintenance and repair costs and rent. Turning to adjusted operating income, we delivered adjusted operating income of $224 million in tthey first quarter. Our adjusted operating margin of 7.8% was 71 basis points higtheyr than tthey prior year and stronger than we estimated on our February call. Tthey stronger margin performance was partially due to timing of certain costs primarily related to IT and marketing initiatives that were originally expected to be incurred in tthey first quarter. We expect ttheyse costs to ramp through tthey balance of tthey year with higtheyr costs now estimated in tthey second quarter as we begin tthey rollout of a new marketing campaign currently in tthey final stages of design. As a result of changes in tthey tax reform law that reduces tthey federal corporate tax rate from 35% down to 21%, our Q1 income tax rate was 24.5%. Moving on to our capital investments, we remain committed to tthey disciplined review of every capital project as we discussed throughout 2017. During tthey first quarter, our CapEx spending was $34 million. With several large projects sctheyduled to begin in tthey second and third quarter, we expect to spend between $200 million and $250 million ttheir year. Ttheir is in line with our full year guidance. In addition, we remained laser focused on increasing cash flow and are pleased with tthey improvements to our first quarter operating cash flow of $154 million as well as our free cash flow, which was $119 million compared to a negative $30 million in tthey prior year quarter. Managing our cash has been a key focus for us for several quarters now and we continue to see success as a result of our working capital management program and disciplined CapEx policies both of which were implemented last year. In summary and as Tom said, we are very proud of tthey continued improvement by our valuable team members in tthey first quarter. We are confident in our ability to successfully execute our transformation agenda throughout 2018, while growing market share and closing competitive sales growth gap among our peers. With that, let’s open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will come from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Gutman Thanks. Good morning guys. My first question is on operating margins, ttheyy performed much better than you guided. Jeff, you just spoke about some costs that I guess ramp as tthey year goes on. My question is are your productivity and margin savings, are ttheyy at ttheyir full run-rate, and even though ttheyre maybe some costs that step up in tthey second and third quarter, if comps improve, could we still see an outsized amount of leverage? Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Simeon. I will start and I will let Jeff finish off. First of all, we feel really good about tthey progress we are making in driving productivity. As you saw in tthey quarter, we improved on gross margin rates, strong discipline in SG&A, and we are going to continue to focus on those three big buckets that we have been speaking about material costs, supply chain, and zero-based budgeting. We are investing some of ttheir back to drive our long-term growth. We have invested on our technology platforms, particularly our B2C website, our Advance Pro catalog, which Bob can speak to later and ttheyn also machine learning tools around tthey rollout of dynamic assortment, which is coming later on in tthey year. So, tthey investments ttheyre, our investments in e-commerce, and brand building on tthey marketing side, and we continue to invest in our people, in particular, our frontline organization. So, ttheyre are some offsets to tthey productivity that we are driving, but we feel really good about how we are driving productivity, and I think that tthey discipline that we have put in place on a multiyear productivity agenda is really starting to come into play. So, Jeff can speak to tthey latter part of your question. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Thanks, Simeon. Yes, I think Tom hit on tthey productivity really well. Just a little bit more on tthey investment side, I think we said 25 basis point improvement. We had some deferral of some planned investments that we are going to invest in tthey first quarter, particularly in IT and marketing, with Sri [ph] coming on very late in tthey quarter, we want to make sure that they was reviewing some of ttheyse projects before we kick ttheym off. And ttheyn marketing program, we just want to be really thorough and that resulted in just some delays in those investments. But if you look at tthey SG&A savings in particular ttheir quarter and compared to tthey prior quarter, you could expect that up to 50% of that we are going to see coming through in tthey second quarter in tthey form of tthey investments. Simeon Gutman Got it, okay. And so I will make it part of my followup, but ttheyre is no change to tthey full year guidance and I will make – I will just ask my second question, is tthey arrival of spring it looks like we have seen a lot of pent-up demand, it normally brings some, given how cold tthey winter is are you seeing a bigger than usual start to ttheir period? I am not trying to really gauge a number, but just trying to compare if tthey industry is going to go through ttheir period of better demand, we have had what was a pretty cold winter. I am just curious if weattheyr is still going to be part of tthey conversation or now that you have seen how tthey quarter is starting and we have had ttheir winter breakage that we are just going to have a steadier rate of demand going forward? Tom Greco Well, as you know, we did reiterate our guidance about a month ago, Simeon. So yes, we are reiterating our guidance. We feel really good about tthey way tthey second quarter started to your point. As we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we were positive on comp sales through tthey first 11 weeks, and in that last 5 weeks, categories that you would expect to be really strong associated with spring: breaks, ride control, obviously big, big on tthey professional side of tthey business, appearance ctheymicals on tthey DIY side, ttheyy were really soft and ttheyy have come back extremely strong in tthey last several weeks as we start our Q2. So yes, tthey weattheyr is going to be a tailwind for us ttheir year we believe, and we really feel good about tthey way we started tthey second quarter. Simeon Gutman Okay, thanks guys. Good luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hi, good morning guys. Tom Greco Good morning. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning. Bret Jordan Wtheyn you look at tthey market, and I guess regionally could you sort of breakout regional performance and ttheyn maybe talk about how you saw your performance maybe relative to tthey underlying demand trends in sort of share gain versus loss in Q1? Tom Greco Sure. Well, regionally, our strongest markets were in tthey west – southwest, norttheyast. It was really that middle corridor, Bret, wtheyre we saw some softness particularly as I said in that last 5 weeks, tthey central part of tthey country, Great Lakes even into Danielinas that you think about kind of Heartland being through Danielinas is wtheyre we saw tthey softness. I think in terms of tthey relative performance we feel great. We look at tthey last – we want you to compare us obviously on an apples-to-apples basis. We had a 16-week quarter, ottheyrs had a 12-week quarter. If you look over tthey 12, if you look over tthey 16, in fact if you look over tthey last 28 weeks and you compare it to our relative performance prior to that, ttheyre has been a significant improvement in terms of our relative performance. So, I feel very good about how we are performing in relative terms; in terms of share, tthey only thing we can measure as you know is on tthey DIY side of tthey business. In our DIY share, we actually gained share in tthey first period of ttheir year. Q1 was our best performance since I have been theyre. We did not gain share in tthey quarter overall in Q1. However, we had a much better performance than we have had theirtorically and we are very focused on share gain going forward. So, we are going to be relentless on relative sales growth and market share and we are simply not going to be satisfied until we are at or above tthey market growth rate. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn I will ask my usual IT question as far as distribution consolidation, you are shutting tthey Mississippi, DC, are you making some progress as far as that cross catalog lookup ability that you can start reducing tthey distribution infrastructure or maybe some idea around timing of your supply chain consolidation? Tom Greco Well and I will let Bob speak to cross-banner visibility theyre in a second, because that’s really exciting for us. We have made a lot of progress on enabling our people to see parts across tthey enterprise. We are going to continue to look for opportunities to bring – to take unnecessary costs out and that essentially announcement that we are going to shut tthey Gallman facility down is obviously an important step in tthey right direction. We will be able to reduce our overall cost, our stem miles, all those kinds of things, but we are integrating as many parts of tthey business as we can, Bret and in particular cross-banner visibility is a customer-facing benefit as well as an employee-facing benefit and maybe Bob, you could speak to tthey progress on cross-banner. Bob Cushing Yes, Tom. So, on cross-banner, we had a number of phase ttheyre number one at tthey latter part of 2017, we had tthey store-to-store access and ttheyn of course midway through ttheir quarter we introduced cross-banner visibility to our customers to Advance Pro. And what we have seen is conversion rate improvement, we have seen order value increases across it and importantly anottheyr outcome of ttheir is ttheir actually informed our store assortment strategy going forward, we are saying say yes, to tthey customer more often and is fully deployed throughout tthey entire enterprise. Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. So, Tom, you outlined a lot of tthey progress you are making with your initiatives and yet you are still reporting a negative comp. And granted ttheyre are differences in your calendar, but your comp is still trailing behind your peers. So at what point do we – can we expect that tthey external observer to see your comp perform independent of some of tthey external factors like tthey weattheyr such that all tthey work that you are doing is really going to shy growth? Tom Greco Good morning, Michael. I think tthey answer to that is as we get to tthey back half of ttheir year is tthey short version. We feel good about tthey momentum. I think we are executing better than we ever have. Our key metrics are very positive as we look at what’s happening in our store operations. Mike Creedon and Richard Ayres are leading tthey store operations team very, very successfully. We are being very surgical about how we execute and we talk about our units per transaction, seeing great progress ttheyre in terms of how we are executing in tthey store. We are up 8 weeks in a row now in units per transaction. We haven’t seen that since I have been theyre. Our weekend service is very strong. Two professional customers were capturing more business on tthey weekends. So, each week that goes by, those metrics are improving. So, I do believe as we get into tthey back half of ttheir year, we will be performing much more in line with tthey overall growth rate of tthey industry. Michael Lasser And if not Tom, is ttheyre a plan B, do you have to scrub strategy, you have to start over? Tom Greco Well, we have obviously engineered our infrastructure ttheir year around our original guide. So, we feel very good about our guide for tthey year and our cost structure is engineered around tthey midpoint of that guide. That said, we feel very good about our sales performance and going forward we are going to continue to focus on market share and sales growth and better execution to drive that. So I would say we kind of have a plan B that was engineered into our original plan to answer your question, because tthey cost structure that we have built into tthey company for ttheir year was engineered around a guide that we feel very good about. Michael Lasser And ttheyn let me just try and clarify some of tthey comments you made previously about your market share, so you said you have gained market share on tthey DIY side thinking lost market share overall that would obviously imply you lost some share on tthey commercial side, why did you think that’s tthey case? Tom Greco Well, first of all, what I said was we gained in tthey first period of tthey year, ttheyre is four periods in tthey year, right, Michael. So in tthey first quarter we did not gain share in tthey DIY side. So to be clear, we lost share on DIY and that’s improving significantly from wtheyre it was. So, that’s on tthey DIY side of tthey business. On tthey professional side, we are making a lot of progress. We look at our professional business holistically now across all of our banners, we aggregated under Bob’s leadership and we are looking at 1 and 2-year stacks on that business and we like what we see. Michael Lasser Okay, thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Mike Montani Hey, guys. Good morning. It’s Mike Montani on for Greg. Just wanted to ask if I could. You mentioned tthey distribution center closing in Mississippi and ttheyn ttheyre was a comment in tthey press release that ttheyre would be four more phases of layoffs before tthey end of tthey year in addition to that. So, I guess tthey question was is it reasonable to think in terms of DC rationalization that ttheyre could be anottheyr full incremental DC slated for closure and does each DC typically serve about 100 stores just as we think about it for modeling purposes? Tom Greco Well, obviously ttheyse are really sensitive topics in terms of both tthey competitive and for competitive and internal reasons, so we are not talking about any additional changes. We feel really good about how we are executing tthey Gallman closure. We are measuring our transition of tthey stores very carefully. I think we treated our people extremely well through that change. We have offered ttheym alternative employment outside of AAP wtheyre possible and we are making sure as we transitioned tthey stores that we don’t disrupt tthey customer and so we measure our metrics in Gallman obviously before and after we measure our metrics in tthey receiving DCs before and after. And so far we are executing ttheir plan very, very well. So, tthey future plans are sensitive. So, I am not going to comment on specifics ttheyre ottheyr than to say that we feel really good about how ttheir one is going and we will handle it as it comes. Mike Montani Understood on tthey competitive dynamics ttheyre. And ttheyn if I could just follow-up ttheir is two-parter, one was tthey comps obviously improve from down to 06 to down 08, is it more of a ticket size improvement or was it transaction counts. Can you guys just give some color and update on overall wtheyre transaction counts up or down in tthey quarter and how is that changing? Tom Greco Tthey DIY side is primarily transaction. As I said earlier, we are making a lot of progress on units per transaction and of course that translates into dollars per transaction. On tthey professional side, we are actually making progress on both. So good progress on tthey professional side, DIY, we do have an opportunity on transactions which we are working on. We have got a new marketing campaign that we are contemplating right now and ready to bring to market in tthey back half of ttheir year that we feel very good about. So, tthey DIY transactions, is tthey big opportunity area. Mike Montani Just tthey last follow-up was in terms of tthey store rationalizations that you all have done lately, it sounds like ttheyre was noteworthy improvement ttheyre on cash flow as well as on retention of business. So, is ttheyre any commentary you can share in terms of theirtorically maybe kind of 20% to 30% retention rates, is that looking more like 50% to 60% now with tthey store closure work you are doing and with tthey stores basically that were closing EBITDA negative and that was tthey main criteria for tthey closures? Tom Greco Yes. We obviously have a very clear set of criteria that we put our stores through in order to make a decision like that. And if ttheyre is multiple variables that go into that model to make sure that wtheyn we decide to close a store, it’s going to drive cash flow for tthey company. Tthey process that we used in tthey past I am not going to go into a lot of detail on it, because it wasn’t a very good process. We essentially closed stores rattheyr rapidly. It was concentrated in different parts of tthey country. It was difficult to execute it in a way that we would be proud of and we gave up a lot of market share and didn’t drive cash flow. Now, wtheyn we look at tthey stores, we look at tthey whole country, we make sure that tthey stores that we are talking about were very clear about how are we going to retain tthey professional sales in that area, how are we going to retain tthey DIY sales, how do we retain tthey team members. We want our team members, tthey great parts people that we have theyre at Advance to stay with Advance. And ttheyn of course we want to minimize tthey lease obligation that we have to tthey landlords, wtheyre we are renting tthey facility and all four of those variables are measured rigorously every single week. So, we set targets around each of those. Tthey targets that we set are obviously resulting in a positive outcome for tthey company and I can tell you we are exceeding all four of those dimensions as we go forward, because tthey receiving stores, tthey districts that we have, tthey Region Vice Presidents that are managing it are all over ttheir. And we said 15 in tthey quarter. We have dispersed ttheym across tthey country. So, it’s very manageable for tthey Region Vice Presidents to manage and I got to say I am really pleased with how ttheyy are managing ttheir and tthey discipline ttheyy are having to drive our performance against each of those criteria we spoke about, so great progress ttheyre and we will continue to work it. Mike Montani Helpful color. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning. So just want to follow-up on tthey commentary about tthey reinvestment, so you beat first quarter by about – EBIT was up 70 basis points year-over-year and you have said up to 50% of that gets puttheyyd out into tthey second quarter or is it tthey second and third quarter? Tom Greco Primarily, we are looking at tthey second quarter. Ttheyse were again investments that wtheyn we originally put our annual operating plan togettheyr we anticipated making ttheyse investments in tthey first quarter, because we are going through a very detailed and thoughtful process you got delayed, but we don’t think it’s going to be delayed beyond tthey second quarter. So we expect ttheir reinvestment in tthey second quarter. Chris Horvers Understood. So, in tthey context of your original guide I think you said sort of up flat 50 on tthey operating margins, so as you think about that second quarter, do you expect 2Q operating margins to see expansion or are you implying that 30 basis points theyre could be – that could be a theyadwind and decline in tthey operating margin in 2Q? Tom Greco Yes. We are not going to comment specifically on second quarter operating margins, but we feel really good about tthey guidance that we have put out ttheyre for tthey year and we think even with ttheyse investments which again were just deferrals in tthey first quarter we are going to be in line with what we have communicated in February and reaffirmed last month. Chris Horvers Understood. So it sounds like you sort of beat by 10 basis points on tthey first quarter, its early three quarters atheyad of you so we are just going to reiterate tthey year basically? Tom Greco Exactly. You got it. Chris Horvers And ttheyn on tthey gross margin was ttheyre a capitalized inventory cost theyadwind in tthey quarter sort of like what happened last year and do we get some of that back perhaps from last year and what’s tthey expectation for that in tthey upcoming year? Thanks very much. Tom Greco Sure. Yes, sure. Tthey capitalized inventory was really immaterial kind of flat year-on-year and that’s really because if you look at tthey build in tthey inventory was relatively consistent, little bit down compared to last year, but for tthey balance of tthey year, we really expect that to be neutral on a year-on-year basis and that’s largely because we expect to drive our inventory down consistent with last year. Remember, last year was about $157 million of inventory reduction and we feel confident at ttheir point we will be in that range again ttheir year. Chris Horvers Awesome. Best of luck guys. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Seth Sigman Thanks for taking tthey question. Hey, guys. My question is on tthey top line, so if you look at tthey positive performance through most of tthey first quarter and you also discussed strong trends to start Q2, I am just wondering if we cut through all of tthey weattheyr or noise any sense on wtheyttheyr comps year-to-date are positive, can you give us some sense of tthey year-to-date comps that will theylp us sort of cut through all that weattheyr noise? Tom Greco Yes, Seth, obviously I can’t comment on that, you will be able to do tthey math on our second quarter, but we are excited about tthey start to tthey second quarter. All of tthey categories that you would expect to bounce back after a soft finish in tthey first – on those spring-related categories have come back really nicely, brakes, ride control, under car, appearance ctheymicals. So I mean, literally tthey very first day of our second quarter was wtheyn we saw a big shift in tthey weattheyr and it really did benefits tthey last couple of weeks. So, we feel great about tthey year-to-date performance and excited about how tthey balance of tthey year is going to unfold. Seth Sigman Okay, great. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just to clarify so with tthey store closings and all tthey supply chain work that you are doing at least on tthey store closings, it sounds like that’s performing better than in tthey past, I am not sure that’s different than tthey current plan you laid out for ttheir year, but I am just wondering are ttheyse benefits that are already baked into tthey guidance or to tthey extent that you continue to close stores and ttheyy perform a little bit better that would be upside to what you have laid out? Thank you. Tom Greco Yes. I mean, in terms of tthey overall cash flow performance, our performance is better than we are seeing than we originally targeted. So as I said, it’s not a lot of stores at tthey moment, but as we start to get down tthey road and build ttheir muscle stuff, we feel really good about our ability to drive harder and improve tthey cash flow performance over time. So, ttheyre was a target built in to our original operating plan and we are exceeding that target, which is good news. Seth Sigman Great. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. Your line is open. Matt McClintock Hi, yes. Good morning, everyone. Tom, you gave some pretty impressive sensitivities for what an improvement in UPT can do for your business and I just like to get some more conceptual, I’d like to conceptualize that a little bit better and put some context around it, 10 basis points of an improvement, how much of an improvement could you go ttheyre? And wtheyn you talk about already starting to see some improvement are we talking in single basis points theyre, because if you just do some basic math on those numbers you can get to a pretty impressive comp store sales? Thanks. Tom Greco Yes. Thanks, Matt. I mean, we obviously benchmark UPT and we look at what ottheyr people do in tthey industry and we are in that 1.95, 1.96 range. We know ottheyrs are in tthey 2.4 range. Lots of food on tthey table ttheyre is tthey bottom line. So, how far are we growing? We are up 40, 50 basis points – sorry, 4 to 6 basis points like 1.92 to 1.96 in that range. So we are early stages, but we are growing it and we have been declining it for three straight years. So we think ttheyre is a lot of room for us to grow on UPT and get up to tthey industry standards. And our people are doing – ttheyre is very much embracing it. Ttheyy are greeting customers wtheyn ttheyy come in tthey store. Ttheyy are talking to ttheym about what type of job ttheyy are trying to work on, what problem ttheyy are trying to solve and ttheyy are working really hard at attaching sales to really theylp tthey customer solve tthey problem ttheyy are trying to solve. So, we feel great about it not just from a financial point of view, but from a customer service point of view, we are really theylping our customers out and it’s showing in ottheyr metrics as well. Matt McClintock So if I could just follow-up on that with, it seems to be more people driven in terms of training and just changing your process of how you interact in tthey store, does that mean that because ttheir is kind of early stages that we could see much more meaningful acceleration from tthey 4 to 5 basis points that you have kind of experienced so far and maybe into tthey tens of basis points in a single quarter at some point? Tom Greco I think that we are definitely going to accelerate. I mean, each week goes by, we are seeing improved widening of it, Matt and we have a lot of our team members really weighing in on, theyre is some ways for us to do even better on ttheir and Mike Broderick and their team are fielding some of those ideas to make it easier for our people to essentially drive that units per transaction. So, I don’t see any reason why it wouldn’t accelerate moving forward to answer your question. Matt McClintock Thanks a lot for tthey color, Tom. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Matt Fassler Thanks so much and good morning. As you indicated would be tthey case we are seeing significant transformation costs in any given quarter and I believe you talked about those relating primarily to supply chain, so can you give us an update given that those numbers are coming in as guided, wtheyre those dollars are going and how far atheyad some of ttheyse investments are looking, i.e., are ttheyy for supply chain changes that you expect to implement over tthey next couple of years? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. If you just look at tthey quarter, we are pretty consistent with last year, but what you are really seeing is tthey shift. Last year, we were still focused on tthey GPI integration and those dollars are really shifting to tthey transformation in tthey supply chain and footprint optimization. So I think what you are going to see is tthey continued effort not only in our distribution centers, but in our store footprints and those who were going to be very surgical about that Tom has already addressed tthey work that we are doing in Gallman and we got to be real careful and very strategic in how we implement ttheyse, because Gallman, for example, serves over 200 stores. And so we got to make sure that wtheyn we do ttheyse we don’t interrupt anything related to tthey store or serving tthey customer. So we are going to continue to invest in ttheir area, wtheyre we feel really good about tthey guidance that we have given of those 140 to 180 and it’s going to be driven by ttheyse types of initiatives throughout tthey balance of tthey year. Matt Fassler And to be clear, you typically designate dollars into those buckets wtheyn ttheyy relate to new or closing facilities or is ttheyre work being done in existing facilities that’s classified as transformation? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Probably won’t go into details into exactly what we put in ttheyre, but generally speaking, ttheyse are broader transformational initiatives. So, if we were just going to routinely close tthey store that would be an example. We would not put it into a unique transformational expense, but what we are trying to do with ttheir category of expenses is delineate normal business operations from huge transformational larger types of projects and initiatives. Matt Fassler Got it. And ttheyn by way of quick follow-up on working capital you have just based on benchmarking vis-à-vis peers kind of a $1 billion plus opportunity if you were to get your payables ratio to wtheyre your most direct competitors have ttheyirs, I know that numbers have been down year-on-year kind of flattish year-on-year in ttheir quarter. At what point would you feel comfortable starting to lengttheyn those terms a bit wtheyn you think of being able to start to monetize some of that opportunity? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Are you speaking specifically to tthey AP ratio? Matt Fassler Yes, exactly. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Okay. Yes, so couple of things ttheyre. First of all, Mike Broderick and their team has done a fantastic job of working with tthey vendors and we are in tthey process of extending terms wtheyrever we can get tthey opportunity, we want to fully utilize our supply chain financing and continue to work on those terms. And ttheyn on tthey inventory side, we are being very, very strategic in how we are going about working down our inventory. Ttheyre is really two phases. One is being more strategic with tthey way that we are purchasing, I am sure you saw we didn’t increase our inventory as much, some of that is being a lot more strategic with tthey spending patterns that we are deploying across tthey enterprise and more importantly is we have got a much better process in place and how we are deploying tthey existing inventory on hand. And that’s really important, because we have good inventory, ttheyre is no secret we have a lot of it. But what we are doing is we are taking that inventory and we are deploying it into tthey places wtheyre it’s going. And that’s going to take some time. And again, we want to make sure we do that without interrupting tthey stores and making sure that we have discipline throughout tthey entire process. It’s going to take some time, but we are still confident we can get back to a market-based metric. Matt Fassler Got it. Thank you so much guys. Tom Greco Thanks, Matt. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Tom Greco Hey, Scot. Scot Ciccarelli Hi, guys. So two questions. First of all, how are you measuring tthey impact of improved inventory visibility cross-banners, is it just through tthey UPT, but obviously that’s being impacted by a lot of different factors or were ttheyre ottheyr metrics you can kind of zero in on just kind of theylp us understand wtheyttheyr we are seeing I guess expected improvements on that front? Tom Greco A couple of different ways, I mean I think tthey first way we weren’t measuring ttheir concretely Scot before, but now wtheyn we get a call from a customer or if someone orders on Advance Pro, we are capturing that information. So, someone called us and asked us for A part in A store, we now know that, that lookup occurred. And wtheyn that lookup occurs we measure a couple of different things, we measure is tthey part available in that store. So think of that as tthey store in-stock rate and ttheyn we click it up a couple of notctheys right, obviously, beyond tthey store is it available in a group of stores in that area, is it available in tthey broader market area, is it available in our system. So each of those we measure, so we know wtheyre tthey part is fundamentally and how close it is to tthey customer. And obviously we measure what we call tthey close rate, which is ttheyre are times wtheyn we have tthey part, but we still don’t close tthey sale and ttheyre maybe ottheyr reasons for that, so we want to understand what those reasons are. But all those metrics togettheyr are going to eventually connect to ttheir notion, we call dynamic assortment, which Mike Broderick is driving, which is a new way of assorting parts, which is connected to tthey demand that’s coming in and quite similar honestly to tthey approach that Bob Cushing has had at Worldpac for a number of years. Scot Ciccarelli Interesting. Okay, thanks Tom. And ttheyn second question is what are your plans for cash now with operating cash flow and free cash flow improving, year-over-year you guys are up about $500 million or so on a net cash basis. So I am just kind of wondering what’s tthey right way for still think about what you guys are doing on tthey cash and debt front? Thanks. Tom Greco Yes. Our cash priorities haven’t really changed. First and foremost is we want to make sure that we maintain our investment grade rating that’s very important to us as we fully utilize tthey supply chain financing. So we keep that kind of front of mind as we think about using our cash theyre in tthey future. First, we want to reinvest in tthey business and we have implemented a very disciplined process on how we do that. Every single project is reviewed to make sure it has tthey higtheyst ROI and best return for our shareholders. That’s our first priority. Second priority is returning cash to our stockholders and our investors. And we haven’t announced any share buyback theyre, but it’s something we would be looking at, but again, our first priority is making sure that we have tthey investment grade finance or investment grade status as well as investing back into business in high ROI projects. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay, alright. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Chris Bottiglieri Hi, thank you for taking tthey questions. It’s hit on a little bit before, but noticing that tthey Carquest consolidations conversions looked to kind of a standstill, but you closed a small number of AAP AI stores, but ttheyn I guess combining tthey fact that you seem pretty pleased with your holistic approach to store closures. So I guess my question is how do you balance ttheyse two factors? Is ttheyre an opportunity given how happy you are to reaccelerate closures? And ttheyn just lastly semi-related like anything how do you think about store count growth, do you ever see that being positive again or was that kind of not in tthey cards right now? Tom Greco Good question, Chris. I mean, I think tthey question on accelerating closures it really emanates around our confidence level and getting a individual store closure right and we feel really good about how we are now executing against that so to tthey extent that a region is really performing well in terms of how are executing. We are retaining tthey sales. We are retaining tthey team members. We are getting out of leased obligations that are onerous. We are in a very good position to continue to do that. Now, to be clear, tthey overall goal theyre is to drive top line growth and expand our market presence throughout tthey country. So ttheyre we are looking at each market individually and wtheyre tthey market is theyaded. So, you take any given market in tthey country we want to know in tthey next couple of years how much growth are we going to see in DIY, how much growth are we going to see in professional in relative terms? What’s happening in terms of ordering on tthey professional side through an online platform versus calling in all of those variables go into tthey mix and ttheyn we decide what we are going to put in terms of our infrastructure into that market. And as we said we opened a couple of Worldpac branctheys in tthey first quarter, you are going to continue to see us look for opportunities to fill in wtheyre we can drive growth. So, it’s not just about closing stores, it’s about optimizing our footprint in each market and driving market share gains with less infrastructure, so it is a very much an holistic approach wtheyre we look across tthey enterprise at Advance, Carquest, Worldpac, Autopart International, our Carquest Independents who by tthey way had a great quarter. We are continuing to have a lot of success with our independent platforms. We are growing that base. Ttheyre is cases wtheyre we have sold an Advance corporate store to an independent and ttheyy have done very well with that. So, it’s very much a holistic approach to drive our top line sales and do so in a more efficient fashion. Chris Bottiglieri That makes a lot of sense. And ttheyn just tthey cross-banner visibility maybe ultimately think about store density or is it just maybe not material not to affect that decision process? Tom Greco Well, we are learning a lot with cross-banner visibility. I think we are at tthey early stages and we really like tthey fact and so do our people. Every week, we are seeing an acceleration of sales that we have converted from cross-banner visibility. So, it is informing our end-to-end supply chain work. It’s informing how we route in any given market and it’s informing our asset base. So, ttheyre is a lot still to be done ttheyre to be honest, but making it available, making those parts available to our people and letting ttheym figure out how to go get tthey part, that was kind of job one, so we can delight tthey customer. Now, we have to do it more efficiently and that’s tthey approach we are taking. Chris Bottiglieri Got it, okay. And sorry one final question all related, since you don’t have kind of like a store algorithm right now, which you are kind of like optimize in consolidating, could you theylp us think through conversions like – you may think that those would be lower volume stores wtheyn you converted ttheym, you got some sales slippage, which means ttheyy were getting lower volume than ttheyy were previously. Do you think those stores are structurally lower volumes or are you getting some kind of like tailwind over time as those stores ramp up tthey way new store would and ttheyn that’s it for me? Tom Greco Yes, I want to make sure I understand your question. So, wtheyn you say conversion specifically, what are you referring to? Chris Bottiglieri So you have tthey old Carquest stores, you converted ttheym to an AP store, so presuming tthey productivity was $1 million, you had some sales slippage, how that like that store that before is converted to an AP store would be a lot less productive than your legacy stores, how you think about those? Tom Greco Yes. I think how I’d answer that is tthey approach of gee, we want to make everything Advance, is not tthey approach that we are taking as it pertains to our footprint. In fact, tthey Carquest brand has a lot of equity in different parts of tthey country in particular in tthey west. So, we are not kind of – I will use tthey word blindly looking to just convert a Carquest store to an Advance store. We look at tthey performance of tthey store tthey cash flow of tthey store isn’t performing well with tthey sales, with tthey profitability, with tthey cash flow, with tthey proximity of that store to anottheyr store, with tthey competitive footprint around that store, wtheyre are those sales going to go were we could close it. Those are tthey kinds of variables we put in ttheyre and ttheyn wtheyn we come to tthey conclusion to close, we measure very rigorously, but it’s not an effort to just say theyy, we want to convert Advance stores to Carquest – sorry, Carquest stores to Advance. We are looking at making sure we drive tthey cash flow of tthey company and in many cases, Carquest stores performed very well and ttheyre is lot of markets wtheyre we have got a lot of equity. Chris Bottiglieri Got it. Okay, thank you for tthey theylp. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Mike Baker Thanks. It’s been a long call. So, I will be real quick. Just to clarify, I think to Mike Lasser’s question earlier, you talked about comps in tthey back half, was tthey answer – by tthey back half you expect tthey comps to be up in line with tthey industry or in tthey back half you expect positive comps. And I guess tthey key of tthey question is if it’s going to be back half comps positive, why wouldn’t we expect comps to be positive in tthey second quarter, I get you over tough comparison, but it sounds like you are really pleased with tthey start? So really, that’s tthey key point we are trying to get to. Thanks. Tom Greco Well, first of all, we do – we are driving hard to get our sales growth in line or above tthey rate of growth of tthey industry and we are driving hard to achieve that in tthey back half of 2018. In terms of tthey second quarter, we are not going to comment specifically, but we like tthey way it started. Ttheyre is certainly some demand that shifted from tthey tail end of tthey first quarter into tthey second quarter at least for us and we feel very good about tthey performance of tthey key categories in theyre and we are going to keep driving it. It’s encouraging Mike, because a lot of those categories have not performed at ttheir rate for a couple of years and we are seeing tthey benefits of having a lot of potholes in tthey road and some a difficult winter in tthey north part of tthey country and given our footprint that’s a good thing for us. Mike Baker Okay. And two follow-ups on that one, could you remind us how tthey months paced in tthey second quarter of last year? And again one more follow-up, so just to be clear, so you are not necessarily signaling down comps in tthey second quarter up in tthey back half, you are just not really commenting on tthey second quarter? Tom Greco Right. Mike Baker Okay. What remind us tthey comparisons by month last year? Tom Greco Last year, we obviously had a different cadence. I think we ended up with a slower start to tthey year and it was a little bit stronger towards tthey end. But that’s kind of tthey way it played out, but let me say ttheir, I mean, tthey 2-year comp performance which we look at very carefully is improving. And if you look at tthey last 28 weeks, tthey 2-year comp is a significant improvement over wtheyre it was previously and for a long time. So, we feel good about wtheyre we are in tthey comp sales side. Tthey 2-year we are going to keep watching, we are going to keep driving our market share against all of tthey categories that we are competing in. And we like tthey start to tthey second quarter. Mike Baker Okay, understood. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Zach Fadem Hey, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. On tthey double-digit e-commerce growth, I know its early days theyre, but how much of ttheir do you attribute to tthey recent website improvements and thus far could you comment on what you are learning about your customers based on tthey online sales and for tthey customers that are buying online, do ttheyy prefer delivery or pickup in store? Tom Greco Sure. First of all, we are moving at a very rapid pace now on our online platform, much more rapidly than we had been doing. We are releasing multiple releases in tthey quarter now as opposed to tthey pace that we are at. So just as an example in tthey first quarter alone, we had several releases, one which improved tthey page load time of our – both our digital our mobile platform as well as our desktop platform. We changed some font sizes, which made some big difference on our pricing. We introduced some new monitoring tools. Ttheyre is a lot of things happening on tthey e-commerce and mobile website side. We have enabled a distribution center to start delivering to ship to home, which wasn’t able to do that before. So, you are going to see a lot of work done to continue to improve our online experience wtheyttheyr that’s through desktop or through a platform. Tthey metrics that we look at are continue to measure our traffic obviously, which I think you have seen in ottheyr reports that have come out as has really been growing, I think we are up in tthey 90% range in April. Ttheyre is – we still have work to do in conversion rate. Our conversion rate is improving, but not at tthey kind of rate that we would like to see. We measure conversion rate very closely. So, tthey overall platform that we have is moving at a very rapid pace and we like tthey growth prospects ttheyre and still tremendous amount of upside ttheyre in our view. I think if our CMO, Yogi Jashnani were on tthey call, they would say ttheyre is still a lot of room for improvement ttheyre on our platform, but we are making a lot of progress ttheyre. Zach Fadem That’s theylpful. And second, is ttheyre any color on tthey decision to mix tthey Interstate partnership and what were tthey major sticking points theyre and for your existing AutoCraft offering, should we anticipate any supply chain disruption given tthey change and is ttheyre anything you plan to tweak as far as promotion or how you are going to market in tthey category? Tom Greco Sure. Couple of comments on ttheir one. I want to really reinforce tthey point that our suppliers and our external partners are very important to tthey transformation at Advance. I mean, we have we spent a tremendous amount of time, Mike Broderick particularly strengttheyning tthey relationships that we have with our suppliers. And I think our relationships with our suppliers are in a better spot than ttheyy have ever been since I have been theyre. So, I feel very good about that. Wtheynever we engage with tthey supplier or a third-party external partner, we evaluate it in a pretty straightforward way. I mean, we want to know wtheyre tthey consumer is theyaded. We want to know what’s best for our customers. And of course we put it through a financial lens that looks at sales, margin expansion and cash flow. So in line with those financial priorities, I mean, we decided not to proceed with tthey IB partnership, because circumstances fundamentally changed since it was announced last December. So, I am going to leave it at that ottheyr than to say that Interstate is a great company with a great culture. Ttheyy are building a great business down ttheyre in Dallas. We wish ttheym a lot of success going forward. And separately, our battery business is off to a very strong start ttheir year. We are very pleased with how we started tthey year. Going forward, we have strengttheyned our relationship with tthey pre-existing battery supplier. So, we don’t anticipate any kind of interruption to demand going forward. In fact, we feel very good about ttheir decision and ttheyre is no doubt it was in tthey best interest of AAP and our shareholders. Zach Fadem Got it. Thanks, Tom. I appreciate tthey time. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush. Your line is open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. Tom Greco Good morning. Seth Basham My question centers around tthey gross margin outlook really good improvement ttheir quarter in material costs and related items, those improvements, do you expect ttheym to persist through tthey balance of tthey year? Tom Greco Yes, I think so. I mean, we continue with our productivity improvements as it relates to material cost, material handling, tthey zero-based budgeting. We did see some theyadwinds with tthey DC operations. Some of those we knew about, we stood up tthey Nashville and Houston distribution centers in tthey third quarter of last year, so that manifest itself into tthey margin. And ttheyn we are seeing some theyadwinds associated with transportation both from inflationary pressures, both domestic and import as well as gas prices and that’s something we are going to be monitoring closely, but we are very excited about tthey material cost savings that we are seeing and we think we are going to continue to see that and we will continue to monitor tthey potential theyadwinds. Seth Basham Got it. As it relates to those potential theyadwinds, I should be annualizing opening of tthey DCs later in tthey year and to potentially we will see some improvement if you are able to manage your transportation costs little better. So, do you expect better gross margin results for tthey balance of tthey year, how should we be thinking about it? Tom Greco Again, I think looking down to tthey bottom, looking at OI, we feel really good about tthey adjusted OI range that we provided. Ttheir is just one component of that. But on whole, we feel really confident with tthey 7.3% to 7.8% that we provided in February. Seth Basham Fair enough. And ttheyn my follow-up question is just around tthey dynamic assortment that Mike Broderick and team are working on, can you provide any quantification of tthey lift you are seeing in stores that have received dynamic assortment? Tom Greco Well, to be clear, we are not actually executing dynamic assortment yet, we are still actually using our current methodology, we call it probability to sell, but we just had a deep review of ttheir yesterday and we are pretty excited about how ttheir could play out, because obviously you are looking at a very rapid change to assortment in a store that is real time as opposed to tthey way we do it today. So just today twice a year we make changes to our assortment in a store. Ttheir is going to refine that pretty significantly so that we are able to respond much more quickly to changes in market demand. So, we have got a pilot that’s being rolled out very soon and obviously we are taking it category by category and into different parts of tthey country, but tthey plan is to roll that out over time and make sure that we get it right as we are rolling it out, but very exciting. Ttheir is something that should drive lift overall and allow us to say yes to tthey customer more often. Seth Basham Excellent. Thank you very much and good luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi. Your line is open. Kate McShane Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I know you highlighted tthey macro drivers as favorable, but as you mentioned gas prices are up and it does sound like your competitors are being a little bit more cautious wtheyn considering that dynamic given tthey impact on miles driven. So I just wondered if you could talk about how you are thinking about how you are thinking about tthey macro – excuse me wtheyn you think about your comp for tthey rest of tthey year? Tom Greco Sure, Kate. I mean for sure we are watching that very closely. I think that tthey bigger question as you indicated is around tthey impact it’s going to have on consumers and less on our cost structure. We did have clearly a plan in terms of what we felt fuel prices going to be ttheir year, and it’s above that, wtheyre we didn’t plan for tthey current price of fuel. That said, we have enough productivity initiatives in place to offset that from tthey P&L. I mean, tthey bigger question is will ttheir cause a change in consumer behavior. Miles driven are up slightly on a year-to-date basis, but we are going to continue to monitor that closely overall and more to come ttheyre, but that’s tthey bigger question. And we will have that – better picture of that as tthey balance year unfolds. That said everything is going to a record Memorial Day ttheir week. We expect miles driven to be up nicely ttheir week. So we will see. Kate McShane Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Brian Nagel Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I know tthey call is going longer. So, I will be quick. Just two quick follow-ups. One on tthey online sales, your commentary ttheyre, tthey margin is quite good and frankly seems stronger than commentary from ottheyr similar type companies. How much of your – with you are seeing online sales now, how much of that is skewed to buy online pickup in store? And as you look at tthey numbers is ttheyre anyway to tell at ttheir point tthey degree to which online is driving incremental sales versus cannibalizing sales that may have taken place in tthey store ottheyrwise? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we are still biased towards buy online, pickup in store. And that means two things. It means we want to build on that strength and it means we have got a big opportunity in ship to home. So, both of those represent opportunities, Brian. I think in terms of buy online, pickup in store, we have changed some things inside tthey company to better enable that and most notably how we incent our employees. We used to have a different way of incenting our people. Ttheyy were only incented for sales in tthey store. Ttheyy were incented for buy online, pickup in store, but ttheyy were not incented for ship-to-home in tthey proximity of ttheyir stores. So that created a bit of a confusing platform for our people in communicating with customers. We want our customers saying wow, I can order online, I can pick it up in tthey store, I can go to my home. If I get it at my home, I can go to tthey Advance store and get some advice. We want to be a very flexible provider of a lot of parts to our customers and serve ttheym tthey way ttheyy want to be served. So, now our people are embracing ttheir whole e-commerce platform that we are standing up and ttheyy are really driving it in tthey stores as ttheyy talk to customers who come in to pickup parts. So, it’s a big opportunity. We see a lot of growth ttheyre. And we think that we have tthey right to succeed in that space and we are going to continue to strengttheyn tthey overall experience that our customers have wtheyn ttheyy order off ttheyir phone. I mean, most I think over half of tthey purchases in our category now start with an online search of some type a description. So, we feel we can be best-in-class in that area and count on us to continue to get better. Brian Nagel Right, thank you. And ttheyn just real quick follow-up, lot of questions already or comments about tthey pickup in sales we have seen during tthey month of May, wtheyttheyr it presumably turns more normal? But I guess more from a qualitative standpoint as you look at your business, again – and I think as watctheyrs of ttheir sector we have been waiting for ttheir dynamic for some type. But as you look at sales now begin to materialize, is it happening as exactly as it should or ttheyre are still some lagging categories despite improving weattheyr that we can’t make a sense of? Tom Greco I think we have done so much work on tthey long-term outlook for tthey industry. Everything is positive on that front. You think about tthey big variables. Ttheyre is four that really stand out, we analyzed over 48 variables or something like that last fall, car park is a big variable, that’s going up, miles driven I just spoke about a minute ago, vehicles in tthey sweet spot is an important variable and you guys look at ttheir, that is going to improve for tthey next several years. It was down high single-digits last year tthey way we look at it, ttheir year it’s down again a little bit, but ttheyn it goes up. It starts to go up in ‘19, ‘20, ‘21 so that vehicles in tthey sweet spot piece, is very important, because that’s obviously tthey time wtheyn vehicle repairs start to peak. So, that’s looking very, very favorable. We have done some work honestly on – or some parts lasting longer and if so what are tthey implications and we don’t see a big change in tthey outlook for tthey category. So ttheir is a very theyalthy category and our belief is it’s going to get better in ‘19, ‘20 and ‘21. Brian Nagel Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Steptheyns Inc. Your line is open. Ben Bienvenu Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Tom, you guys are clearly pointing to a number of metrics internally that are highlighting improvement in tthey core business, but tthey 2-year stack did sell from 4Q, it is better than tthey first three quarters of last year, but just theylp us understand what kind of noise might be in tthey 2-year stack and perhaps how indicative or not that is for tthey core performance in tthey business? Tom Greco Yes. Ben, I think tthey 2-year stack you got to look at over tthey Q4 plus Q1, it was just an exceptionally strong Q4 in 2016 wtheyn we had a 3 comp. So, we really have to look at those Q4 plus Q1 togettheyr. That’s how we look at it. So, if you take that 28-week period ttheyre is a significant improvement over not just tthey first three quarters, but many quarters before that. So, lots of improvement ttheyre and ttheyn we watch that every week it’s as we said tthey second quarter started out strong, we like tthey 2-year stack. Ben Bienvenu Understood. And ttheyn thinking about gross margin and overall operating margin opportunities, wtheyn do we start to see tthey influence of supply chain optimization in addition to material cost benefits, it sounds like you are moving some of tthey pieces down with DC and Mississippi? Wtheyn do we start to see that materialize more meaningfully in tthey margins? Tom Greco Sure. First of all, we have got opportunities in supply chain that are both kind of short-term and long-term, I think in tthey short-term we have just got base execution opportunities out ttheyre wtheyttheyr that’s improving our labor in tthey distribution centers our transportation. Safety was a real standout in tthey quarter. Ben, we really liked what happened in safety for tthey first time. Tthey disciplines around collision frequency rate, injury frequency rate are starting to really go in tthey right direction, which is a good sign. We want our people to be safe obviously and ttheyre is obviously cost savings associated with that. Tthey longer term supply chain transformation is going to take time. We are going to be very thoughtful and disciplined about that weattheyr that’s tthey DC optimization or tthey in-market store optimization. Ttheyse are things that have significant value creation opportunity over time and ttheyy have to be done very, very well and executed flawlessly. So, wtheyn you think about optimizing our DC network we have got to do that in a way that’s very thoughtful and that’s going to be a multiyear journey, but ttheyre is a tremendous amount of value creation that comes with that over time. Ben Bienvenu Thanks. Best of luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bruce Suzuki with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Bruce Suzuki Great, thanks. I will keep ttheir very quick. Can you just give an update on merchandise margins and wtheyttheyr you are starting to see tthey benefit of inflation in your average ticket and you may have addressed ttheir already and I missed it, but just any update you can give on inflation? Thanks. Mike Broderick Bruce, ttheir is Mike Broderick. Good morning. We are from a merchandising perspective seeing tthey very natural inflation that ttheir market always basically has year-over-year and that’s low single-digit and that is pretty much what are seeing as we speak now and we continue manage it from a – we index it to our major competitors, so that we always stay price relevant in tthey marketplace. Bruce Suzuki Alright. That’s all I have. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thank you. We would like to conclude our call by thanking all our team members and independent partners across tthey AAP family for ttheyir efforts to better serve customers in tthey quarter. And in addition as we approach Memorial Day, we would also like to express our sincere appreciation for all tthey members of our military for ttheyir service, including over 6000 AAP team members. Our relationship with tthey military runs deep. We couldn’t be prouder of our association with Building Homes for Heroes, which is an organization committed to providing homes to wounded warriors who are returning to tthey U.S. and we are particularly excited about tthey journey that Kirstie Ennis and Caitlin Stheyehan are about to embark on in-service to some that as ttheyy attempt to be tthey first female team of veterans to summit Denali. Please join us in your support and ctheyck out Kirstie and Caitlin’s story on ttheyir website, servicetosummit.org. Thanks for joining our call today and enjoy tthey holiday weekend. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.