Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 24, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Michael Lasser - UBS Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Bret Jordan - Jefferies Scott Ciccarelli - Truist Nathan Friedman - Wedbush Securities David Bellinger - MKM Partners Michael Baker - D. A. Davidson Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Second Quarter Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2022 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to thank our entire Advance team and Carquest independent partners for ttheyir dedication throughout Q2. Thanks to ttheyir relentless focus on improving tthey customer experience and disciplined execution of our strategy, we delivered double-digit adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in tthey quarter. I'll begin my remarks today with a review of our Q2 performance, as well as tthey factors that led to tthey revisions made to our full year guidance outlined in our press release. I'll ttheyn discuss tthey consistent progress we're making on our primary strategic initiatives before turning it over to Jeff to review our Q2 financial performance, including an update on cash returns to shareholders. In tthey second quarter, we remain focused on tthey execution of our strategy. Consistent with ttheir, we delivered anottheyr quarter of growth in net sales and adjusted operating income, underscored by adjusted operating income margin expansion. Q2 2022 was our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year adjusted diluted EPS growth, including a 10% increase versus Q2 2021. Notably, Q2 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.74 was a quarterly record for Advance Auto Parts, and grew 72% on a three-year stack wtheyn compared with Q2 2019. We continue to invest in our business while returning approximately $700 million in cash to our shareholders in tthey first half of 2022. Our comparable store sales declined by 0.6% in Q2, while increasing 12.7% on a three-year stack. As we're now opening new locations to expand our footprint, our net sales grew faster than comp sales and were up 0.6%. Our deliberate move to increase own brand penetration, which carries a lower absolute price point, reduced both net and comp sales by approximately one full point with a disproportionate impact to Professional. Moving to margins, we are pleased that we are able to deliver a 166 basis point increase in our adjusted gross margin rate in Q2. A key element of ttheir improvement is tthey execution of our strategic shift to own brands within our product mix, as just mentioned, which provides a much higtheyr margin rate. In Q2, owned brands as a percent of overall product mix were up over 200 basis points. As expected, our elevated SG&A costs year-over-year partially offset our adjusted gross margin expansion. Overall, in Q2, our 11.7% adjusted operating income margin was tthey higtheyst quarterly rate Advance Auto Parts has reported in seven years. I'll now shift to more details on our sales performance in tthey quarter and tthey factors that led to our updated guidance. After a late spring contributed to a stronger sales at tthey start of tthey quarter, comp sales softened and turned negative with final results below our expectations, primarily driven by DIY. In terms of category growth, fluids and ctheymicals, including motor oil as well as batteries and brakes were tthey top performers in Q2. Our regional sales performance was led by tthey Mid-Atlantic and West regions. While we contemplated several external factors wtheyn we provided our initial 2022 guidance in February, increased inflationary pressures, particularly in fuel, were well above our planned estimates in tthey second quarter. Rising inflation and significant year-over-year cost increases are having a disproportionate impact on tthey discretionary spending of our core DIY consumer. As a result, our low single-digit net sales decline in tthey quarter in DIY drove our sales shortfall in tthey quarter. Ttheyre are a couple of factors to consider surrounding how a more challenging economic environment impacts tthey DIY customer. First, tthey majority of DIY jobs are considered non-discretionary. In ttheir case, DIYers must address tthey problem and repair ttheyir vehicle as soon as possible. Ttheyse are what we call break fix or failure-related categories. Failure or non-discretionary DIY categories like batteries and brakes, performed well in Q2. On tthey ottheyr hand, some categories are more discretionary and ttheyrefore, can be deferred. As an example, in Q2, we saw softness in appearance ctheymicals and accessories, which are some of our better performing categories during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. As we enter tthey back half of 2022, we expect continued softness in DIY discretionary categories. Despite recent moderation in fuel prices, overall inflation, including fuel, remains substantially higtheyr than 2021, which we expect will pressure tthey DIY customer. Ttheir is tthey primary driver of our updated guidance. Separately, as we consider our balance of year guidance and sales outlook, tthey biggest opportunity we have to build shareholder value is to complete tthey integration of AAP and grow our margins. As we've consistently communicated, we remain laser-focused on ttheyse objectives and are executing our plan. Ttheir includes a relentless focus on category management, which is our largest initiative to drive profitable growth. As part of category management, our new strategic pricing tools are fully implemented. We're now leveraging tthey enhanced capabilities ttheyse tools have to offer, which enables us to differentiate pricing by category, region, store and customer. We've also significantly improved visibility into tthey return on investment surrounding our discounting practices by leveraging Advance analytics to gain insights on tthey competitive landscape and evaluate our strategic pricing actions. Ttheir is theylping determine tthey quantitative and qualitative effectiveness of ttheyse actions. On tthey professional side, we're now able to measure sales lift on different levels of discounting real time and at a much more granular level. Knowing price is not tthey most important driver of choice for professional customers, we're becoming more disciplined in eliminating unprofitable discounts. An important byproduct of ttheir strategy enables us to redeploy resources to enhance our service to our most loyal and fastest-growing customers. Our disciplined pricing strategy is an important value driver, which we expect to contribute to furttheyr margin expansion over tthey long term. In tthey short term, we expect ttheir may result in temporary sales softness in our professional business in tthey back half, which we factored into our updated guidance. We firmly believe ttheir is tthey right approach for AAP to drive sustainable top line growth and margin expansion. Looking forward, while we're cautious about tthey consumer and macroeconomic outlook, we remain bullish on tthey resilience of our industry and tthey disciplined execution of our strategy. At an industry level, key drivers of demand remain positive, including tthey outlook for tthey car park and aging fleet and vehicles entering tthey sweet spot. A critical variable we're watching closely is miles driven, which in Q2 still remains slightly above 2021 levels. I'll now briefly discuss tthey progress we've made on some of tthey drivers of total shareholder return outlined in our April 2021 strategic update. An important driver of our TSR agenda is to deliver profitable growth while building sustainable capabilities to drive long-term competitive advantage. Starting with Professional, our long-term growth strategy concentrates on what our customers value most, extensive parts availability, outstanding customer service and reliability of delivery. We offer customers a compretheynsive multi-brand assortment of high-quality national brands, owned brands and OE parts, ease of ordering, as well as consistent reliable delivery. By leveraging enterprise assets, we are strengttheyning our value proposition, with tthey tools our customers need to grow ttheyir business profitably and ensure ttheyy have tthey right part at tthey right time. As we grow togettheyr with pro customers, we continue to add important program elements to theylp our customers compete. New vehicle technologies such as hybrid and electric, along with an industry-wide technician shortage, creates challenges for professional customers. Ttheir led us to create enhanced training and technology platforms that theylp customers provide compretheynsive repair services and recruit technicians. Our focus to strengttheyn tthey Pro customer value proposition is demonstrated by growth in our strategic accounts and TechNet customers. Tthey successful rollout of DieHard batteries and professional garages continues to drive sales growth and bring new customers to ttheyse large accounts. Carquest branded parts are also gaining momentum as a result of ttheyir high quality, evidenced by very low return and defect rates. Separately, we're continuing to leverage Worldpac's best-in-class model for professional customers across tthey enterprise. Reliable delivery is vitally important and enables installers to more effectively sctheydule technicians and provide ttheyir customers with accurate service times. Now wtheyn an order is created, we've enabled all of our digital platforms to provide delivery times like Worldpac has done for many years. In DIY omnichannel, our number one priority is to ensure our customers have tthey parts ttheyy need to do tthey complete job. We continue to work on improving store in-stock rates as global supply chain constraints moderate. Ttheir includes adding more depth of parts in tthey front room and leveraging our dynamic assortment tool to improve parts availability for tthey complete job. Our highly regarded owned brands are a differentiator for Advance. Specific to DieHard, we continue to build ttheir brand and delivered anottheyr quarter of double-digit sales growth. Ttheir ongoing strength is due in part to tthey successful launch of DieHard Hand & Power Tools, as well as our latest product innovation, tthey exclusive DieHard EV and hybrid battery. In terms of building awareness and increasing loyalty, tthey enhancement of our Speed Perks program through tthey launch of Gas Rewards has been a highlight for DIY ttheir year. Our field team has dialed tthey execution of ttheir initiative in 2022. Year-to-date, active Speed Perks members have increased to 13 million. In Q2, we increased Speed Perks as a percent of both transactions and sales by over 300 basis points compared with tthey prior year quarter. Rounding out our top line growth initiatives, we're executing our new store opening plan. In tthey quarter, we opened 43 new locations, including tthey recent opening of our flagship store in downtown Los Angeles. Our California expansion is already contributing to share gains in tthey West. Year-to-date, we've opened 78 new locations and remain on track to deliver our annual guidance of 125 to 150 new stores and branctheys. I'll now shift to tthey progress we're making to capitalize on our significant margin expansion opportunity, starting with category management. Our strategic pricing strategy starts with a deep understanding of tthey customer decision journey for each job, including tthey role of price. Obviously, tthey importance of price varies by both channel and job based on a variety of factors. As we execute our strategy, we can remain competitively priced, remove unprofitable discounts and drive furttheyr gross margin expansion. Separately, we're streamlining and simplifying our supply chain to improve service and reduce cost. We continue to rollout a single warehouse management system across tthey Advance and Carquest DC network and are on track to complete tthey implementation by tthey end of 2023. We've also begun activating elements of our labor management suite of tools across our DC network and are beginning to see productivity benefits. Finally, in terms of SG&A, we're leveraging our labor management tool to do a better job of matching hours to transactions in our stores. Ttheir theylps improve sctheyduling to ensure we're ttheyre wtheyn tthey customer needs us and offsets rising cost per hour inflation wtheyn transactions soften. In summary, during tthey second quarter, we're pleased that we were able to expand adjusted operating margins and deliver a record quarter of adjusted diluted EPS. We also returned nearly $700 million in cash to shareholders in tthey front half of tthey year. Over tthey long term, we remain focused on building a stronger customer value proposition for both Pro and DIY customers. While we expect that both tthey consumer and retail environments will be challenging in tthey back half of 2022, we also believe that tthey continued disciplined execution of our initiatives will enable sustainable long-term growth and margin expansion going forward. I'll now turn tthey call over to Jeff to review our Q2 financials and updated outlook for tthey balance of tthey year. Jeff? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would also like to thank all our team members for ttheyir ability to quickly adapt in ttheir unique environment. In Q2, our net sales of $2.7 billion increased 0.6% compared to Q2 2021, driven by continued growth in our professional business and new store openings. Our comparable store sales declined 0.6%. As Tom mentioned, both net and comp sales were reduced by approximately 100 basis points due to increased own brand penetration. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 166 basis points to 48% through tthey combination of our strategic pricing actions and tthey benefit of higtheyr margins associated with owned brands. Ttheyse improvements were partially offset by continued product cost inflation, which was an 8.8% increase on a same SKU basis in tthey quarter, along with theyadwinds associated with product and channel mix. While we realized planned cost savings in supply chain, ttheyse were more than offset by wage and transportation inflation. Our Q2 adjusted SG&A was $967 million or 36.3% of net sales. Ttheir compares to $926 million or 35% of net sales in Q2 2021. Our largest theyadwind to SG&A in tthey quarter was higtheyr inflation in wages and fuel. Additionally, we incurred anticipated start-up costs related to our California expansion. However, with over 50% of our locations open, ttheyy are now contributing incremental revenue and operating income. Finally, costs related to our anticipated channel mix shift to professional were higtheyr than a year ago. Ttheyse SG&A costs were partially offset by favorability in incentive compensation as we lap higtheyr bonuses resulting from our strong performance last year. We also saw improvements from last year's productivity efforts related to our corporate restructuring and reducing our office and store footprint along with lower COVID-19 related expenses. As we look at SG&A going forward, we're experiencing higtheyr inflation than we estimated wtheyn we provided our original 2022 guidance. We now anticipate higtheyr inflation in wages and fuel will continue, and ttheir, combined with a softer-than-expected top line, will result in SG&A deleverage in Q3. However, we remain focused on leveraging SG&A in tthey back half of 2022. Our Q2 adjusted operating income was $312.8 million, an increase of 3.6% compared with Q2 2021. Our Q2 adjusted OI margin rate of 11.7% was an increase of 34 basis points compared with Q2 of tthey prior year. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.74 increased 10% compared with Q2 2021. For tthey first half of tthey year, free cash flow was $97.3 million compared with $647 million in tthey first half of 2021. Ttheir was largely driven by working capital, particularly inventory and receivables. We expect significant improvement in working capital metrics in tthey back half as reflected in our updated full year guidance for free cash flow. In addition, we continue to invest in tthey business, and our Q2 capital expenditures were in line with expectations at $96.4 million, bringing our year-to-date capital expenditures to $211 million. In addition to tthey strategic initiatives Tom reviewed, we continue to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. In Q2, we returned $200 million to shareholders through tthey repurchase of approximately 1 million shares for an average price of $199.02 and approximately $90 million for a quarterly cash dividend. Our Board also recently approved our quarterly cash dividend of $1.50. Importantly, despite macroeconomic pressures, we have returned $694 million to shareholders in tthey first half of 2022, which is more than triple what we returned in tthey same timeframe of 2019. Shifting to tthey back half of tthey year, our original guidance in February included tthey estimated impact of several factors such as lapping stimulus and elevated inflation. However, we did not anticipate total inflation to be at a 40-year high. In addition, tthey increases in fuel prices during tthey second quarter far exceeded our expectations. As we described earlier, we're seeing evidence ttheyse two factors are putting a strain on DIY customers. Combined with our front half results, we're providing updated ranges for our 2022 guidance of net sales of $11 billion to $11.2 billion, comparable store sales of negative 1% to flat, adjusted operating income margin rate of 9.8% to 10%, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $12.75 to $13.25, a minimum free cash flow of $700 million and share repurchases between $500 million and $600 million. We're maintaining our previously provided ranges for income tax rate of 24% to 26%, CapEx range of $300 million to $350 million and new store and branch openings of 125 to 150. To close out our prepared remarks, our goal is to deliver top quartile total shareholder return as outlined in our 2021 investor presentation. Tthey midpoint of our updated 2022 guide for adjusted diluted earnings per share is up 8% wtheyn compared with 2021 and represents a 60% increase to tthey comparable 2020 base period for our three-year plan. We remain focused on tthey disciplined execution of our strategic plan, and I want to once again thank our team for ttheyir dedication in serving our customers every day. With that, let's open tthey phone lines to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Horvers with JPMorgan. Christoptheyr Horvers So my first question is, can you talk a bit more about tthey cadence of tthey quarter? You've given some -- provided some granular detail in tthey past. And as gas prices have receded, did you see a return to positive comps? And ttheyn can you give some color on what you've seen quarter-to-date? Tom Greco Chris, as we talked about in our remarks, DIY was really tthey driver of tthey performance in tthey second quarter. We've been looking at our sales on a multiyear stock basis for quite a while. And early in tthey quarter, our three-year stack and one-year comp sales were tthey strongest in tthey quarter as we went furttheyr into it, our top line slowed. And it was really DIY that was tthey majority of tthey shortfall versus expectations in that time frame. We expected tthey three-year stack for DIY to be similar to what it was in tthey first quarter, and it just wasn't. And we attribute that primarily to tthey broader consumer dynamics that you've theyard from many ottheyrs. Significant inflation, rising fuel prices, which really pressured lower income consumers and caused ttheym to make some choices on discretionary purchases, and we saw that. We saw discretionary categories like appearance ctheymicals and accessories were very soft for us in tthey quarter. So really with DIY that was tthey driver, and that's what changed as tthey quarter went on. We're not going to talk about specific numbers quarter-to-date, but what we have done is embedded our quarter-to-date performance into our full year guidance, which you saw in tthey back half is minus two to zero for tthey back half of tthey year. Christoptheyr Horvers You mentioned DIY. It was down low single digit. Presumably, that's a comp. On a three-year basis, it looks like DIY actually improved, wtheyreas do-it-for-me decelerated, and that would put tthey do-it-for-me up low single digits, and that's well below what ottheyrs are posting in tthey industry and tthey structural growth rate of tthey industry. So I'm just curious, can you expand more on what you were referencing earlier around tthey pricing efforts? And it sounds like basically, you're eliminating unprofitable customers, and that's what's driving tthey relative performance in do-it-for-me. Tom Greco Yes, I think you have that right, Chris. I mean we -- I think tthey short answer is we're executing a very different strategy right now. And our strategy is essentially to grow above tthey market and expand margins at tthey same time. We talked about tthey fragmentation in tthey industry many times. We believe ttheyre's lots of room for us to grow above tthey market in tthey coming years. But right now, tthey biggest opportunity we have at Advance is to complete tthey integration of tthey Company and improve our margins, which is unique to us, I think. In tthey back half of tthey year, that means, we're going to execute our category management plan, which includes a deliberate intentional move to increase own brand penetration. And we talked about ttheir opportunity we have with strategic pricing. We built a terrific team ttheyre. We stood tthey pricing software package up about a year ago. We knew we could get to localized pricing in DIY, and ultimately, into DIFM. We're now leveraging tthey full capabilities of that tool, and we are removing unprofitable discounts really in all trade channels. But inside of Pro, ttheir particular action may mean we can at least have some unprofitable sales on tthey table in tthey back half. So, we firmly believe ttheir is tthey right strategy for us. We recognize that we didn't grow above tthey market in tthey quarter, but we did grow margins to a quarterly record and we grew earnings per share by 72% on a three-year basis. So our long-term goal is to grow above tthey market and expand margins, and that's what we're executing right now. Christoptheyr Horvers My final question is just as you think about your -- tthey three-year plan that you laid out and your thoughts on getting to that 10.5% to 12.5% in delivering tthey total shareholder returns that you've laid out. How are you thinking about your ability to get into that range next year? Tom Greco Yes, well, right now, obviously, we're focused on finishing 2022 and beginning 2023 as strong as possible, but let me react to tthey specific targets we laid out. Tthey short answer is, based on what we know today, yes, we believe we can get inside tthey ranges that we laid out. We laid out goals for '21 through '23, as you remember, for net sales, for earnings per share, for margin rate and a number of ottheyr financial metrics. We believe we can get inside tthey range on all of those key metrics. We do see tthey margin rate. At ttheir point, it's going to be tthey most challenging given tthey inflationary environment that we're dealing with, but we still believe we can get inside of that range. And we're excited about continuing to execute our plan to do that. So I will reinforce, ttheir is obviously a point in time assessment. We've got a lot of volatility in tthey current environment. Ttheyre are several factors out ttheyre that are difficult to predict at tthey pace of 2023 right now. We plan to provide annual guidance as we usually do next February in 2023, and we'll have a lot more insight into just exactly wtheyre we're going to finish within tthey framework we decided. Tthey one thing I would add, Chris, is we also believe that beyond 2023, ttheyre's continued opportunity for growth and margin expansion for us beyond that. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Lasser So your adjusted operating margin and gross margin were up but your GAAP gross margin was down. Can you explain why that was tthey case and your free cash flow was under a significant amount of pressure, suggesting that tthey GAAP gross margin is more a reflection of what's happening with tthey cash flow. So can you explain that as well? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure, Michael. Let me start with tthey GAAP margin. If we were to include tthey LIFO expense into our adjusted results, we would have deleveraged 30 basis points versus last year, which I think is what you're focused on. And just in terms of context, from a dollar standpoint, tthey LIFO benefit from an adjusted standpoint was $92 million ttheir quarter versus last year wtheyn it was $39 million. So you have that increase of $53 million. But let me give you some context around ttheir. It's really important that we frame LIFO into our broader gross margin plan. And what I mean by that is we've got a very compretheynsive strategy to improve our gross margin rate over time. So tthey execution of our strategic pricing initiatives, we talked about a lot of that in our prepared remarks, tthey expansion of our own brand portfolio, optimizing supply chain. And ttheyse were all tthey contributors that drove our 166 basis points of adjusted gross profit. Now looking forward, as it relates to LIFO, we know tthey products, we know tthey categories, we know tthey SKUs that are driving ttheyse inflationary costs that are sitting on our balance ttheyyet. And we're able to model how and wtheyn ttheyse costs come off tthey balance ttheyyet, wtheyttheyr it's a FIFO basis or wtheyttheyr it's a LIFO basis. So, we've incorporated ttheyse inflationary costs and tthey related theyadwinds into our guide. And that includes ttheyse higtheyr product cuts coming off tthey balance ttheyyet. And it's important to note, Michael, that we're already seeing that today. Ttheir is not something that's looming, ttheir is not something that's late '23, '24. We're experiencing in Q2. We're going to experience it in Q3, so forth and so on. So that's all very much contemplated in what we've done in tthey back half guide and ttheyn once we guide in February for 2023. Now as it relates to free cash flow, specific to tthey guide, it's really attributable to tthey top line guidance that we provided yesterday. It's important to keep in mind, in tthey first quarter, we had free cash outflow of $170 million. And we outlined all of tthey factors that went into that largely anticipated. If you look at our free cash flow discretely in tthey second quarter, significant improvement, we had free cash inflow of $267 million. And we do anticipate that tthey back half to be more in line with tthey second quarter, which gives us tthey basis for our revised guidance of $700 million. So we believe our receivables, we're going to be collecting on those. We believe our inventory is going to be coming down in tthey back half. And those factors along with tthey revised guidance is it's why we have minimum of $700 million of free cash flow. Michael Lasser So my follow-up question is, Jeff, would you expect tthey LIFO gross margin to turn positive ttheir quarter or in tthey next few? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Over tthey back half, it's very difficult to say. We are -- we continue to believe we're going to be in an inflationary environment in tthey back half. Sequentially, we think it's going to moderate, but year-over-year in tthey back half, we think inflation -- including product cost is going to be higtheyr. So if we think about just LIFO, for example, we've had 170 -- about $175 million in LIFO expense in tthey first half of tthey year. We're thinking it could be 250 million, 275 million. So it could be anottheyr $75 million, $100 million more in tthey back half. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Simeon Gutman Tom, I wanted to ask about strategic pricing. I wanted to ask if you, I guess, accelerated tthey strategy in tthey last, call it, quarter? And in tthey past, it feels -- it felt like you've done it in a way to minimize tthey elasticity. It sounds like tthey stuff that's happening now and maybe into tthey back half is having a greater impact than what we thought, or maybe it's just a timing thing? Tom Greco Simeon, I think what we laid out in our Investor Day about 1.5 years ago was tthey plan for strategic pricing over time. We talked about life cycle pricing, we talked about how we were going to approach it, we talked about tthey ability to localize, and essentially priced literally by channel, by store, by customer, et cetera, et cetera. And it took us a while to stand up those capabilities. We were able to get to that on tthey DIY side in tthey early part of ttheir year, and we knew that DIFM was going to be in tthey back half. Ttheyse are difficult decisions, obviously, to your point, wtheyn we looked at it. Obviously, tthey environment has changed versus what we anticipated theyading into tthey year. But for us, if tthey right strategy is to make sure that we are spending money very wisely as it pertains to discounting in tthey professional sales channel. Our biggest opportunity is to get those margins up. And we've obviously looked at tthey competitive landscape of what's going on by product type and wtheyre ttheyre's pressure. For us, ttheir is tthey right strategy for us to execute, and it's definitely tthey long-term play. Separately, we're continuing to build out our value proposition in Pro in those areas that we think matter most to tthey customers, which I'm happy to speak to, but that's really tthey approach. Simeon Gutman That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up. Private brand penetration, if we theyard it right, was 200 basis point year-over-year growth in tthey quarter. And is tthey spread between tthey private brand gross margin and national, is it about tthey same? Can you quantify it? And ttheyn maybe can you just quantify tthey contribution it had to overall gross margin in tthey quarter? Tom Greco Yes, we're not going to break it out specifically, but what I can tell you is within category management, we outlined three broad territories, strategic pricing, own brand penetration and sourcing in that order. So own brand penetration is a significant contributor. We basically laid out 180 to 200 basis points of margin expansion on our Investor Day presentation. So it's tthey second largest. And we clearly see furttheyr runway ttheyre. I mean we're definitely getting meaningful contribution to margin expansion today with our own brand expansion. We expect that to continue in tthey back half. It's going to continue into '23 and candidly will continue into 2024. It's going to take a while, and we're continuing to improve. Tthey overall impression of those brands, DieHard is doing well, Carquest is doing well on tthey professional side. So we're very excited about it, and we're going to continue to execute against it. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan On tthey second quarter and ttheyn I guess tthey outlook for tthey second half. What does that comp I guess, explain inflation versus units? What was tthey price contribution? Because I guess, obviously, own brand is lower price point. So maybe adjusting for mix, how did that shake out? Tom Greco Yes, well, units for everyone in tthey industry are down, primarily driven by DIY, Brad. As I think we called out at tthey beginning of tthey year, DIY is about 60% of our units, right? And those lower price per unit items in DIY tend to drive that number. But Jeff called out our cost inflation in tthey quarter, which was 8%, 8.8%. So you should assume our pricing was slightly above that because we are essentially pricing to at least keep rate neutral or better. So, that's kind of wtheyre it is. Bret Jordan And I guess on tthey second half outlook, tthey minus two to zero. I think you're lapping harder inflation compares in tthey second half of last year. Tom Greco Yes, that's factored in. We recognize that. We looked at tthey broader industry, tthey retail landscape in total, which, as you know, is we're not seeing consumption growth in tthey broader industry. I mean everyone is seeing units down. And all of tthey growth in retail is coming from pricing at ttheir point. We looked at tthey industry performance, we can only see DIY and wtheyn our peers report, but we expect that transactions and units will continue to be below a year ago in tthey back half. And ttheyn obviously, our own initiatives, and in our case, we've got a particular initiative on strategic pricing that's going to impact our top line a little bit, but it's going to drive our margin performance. So that's -- those are tthey factors that went into it. Bret Jordan And I guess tthey outlook on payables ratio in tthey second half as a contributor to cash flow. Wtheyre do you see that? I mean I think you were running in tthey 80s, but not significant expansion on tthey second quarter, but how do you see payables growing? And is that going to be impacted by tthey private label owned brand strategy? Is that more or less likely to get extended payables? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, just from an overall payable ratio, in Q1, we did some forward deployment related to inventory. So, it was less impacted by payables, is more impacted by tthey increase in tthey inventory as we did tthey forward buys to avoid disruption, primarily related to China lockdown. We talked about tthey Olympics. We talked about Chinese New Year. So that's really what's kind of pressured our AP ratio. We did improve from Q1. We expect that to continue to improve. It's going to be a combination of both payables and inventory because we expect inventory to come down in tthey back half. And that, coupled with our ongoing efforts in AP, we expect to see improvement over tthey back half in our AP ratio. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Scot Ciccarelli Scot Ciccarelli. So you guys talked about significant softness in your discretionary DIY sales. Can you guys theylp provide some color on how big that segment is as a percent of mix? Tom Greco Well, first of all, just to make tthey point, I think you know, Scot, tthey non-discretionary categories are much larger, right? So we're talking about our business. That's what we love about tthey auto parts industry, batteries, brakes, failure-related parts are much larger. But at tthey margin on tthey DIY side, things like accessories and appearance ctheymicals are pretty sizable. And certainly, certain points of tthey year, ttheyy're bigger than ottheyrs, in fact, in Q2. So we definitely saw softness in those discretionary categories. I think -- what's happening is tthey low to middle income customer, you've theyard about all ttheyse quintiles and things like that from ottheyrs, ttheyse customers are obviously paying significantly more for food, ttheyy're paying significantly more for gas and ttheyy're making choices about wtheyre ttheyy spend ttheyir discretionary money. What's a little bit difficult to tease out tthey last couple of years was related to people being at home and having time on ttheyir hands we believe. But that will moderate as we get into tthey back half. So, obviously, very important categories for us, we're going to continue to stay focused on ttheym. Ttheyy've been soft for tthey entire industry. But over time, that's going to normalize. Scot Ciccarelli But Tom, just to clarify for everyone. So tthey overall DIY, including tthey failure-related parts, everything was negative with particular softness on tthey discretionary side. Is that tthey message we should be walking away with? Tom Greco Yes, I mean tthey non-discretionary were up, but tthey discretionary categories pulled tthey number down because ttheyy were down pretty significantly. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Nathan Friedman Ttheir is Nathan Friedman on for Seth. My question is following up on tthey 2023 operating margin target question. You initially provided some building blocks and category management, supply chain, SG&A and tthey negative impact from inflation relative to 2020. Can you possibly quantify what you realized to date relative to ttheyse targets, how much higtheyr inflation is relative to ttheir plan? And what, if at ttheir point in time? Tom Greco Well, I'll let Jeff speak to how much atheyad of plan inflation is, but I mean, tthey biggest variable is inflation. I think in terms of us executing our targets, Nathan, we are executing our plan. Tthey category management initiatives are very much on track. We still see furttheyr upside with category management. As we said earlier, we're starting to execute that more version strategic pricing platform. We're going to continue to drive own brands. In terms of supply chain, we're making a lot of progress. I mean we are in a position wtheyre we're now opening brand-new distribution centers that are much more modern. Tthey team's doing a terrific job transitioning very old, I would say, antiquated facilities. As an example, Riverside, California, we moved into a brand-new building in San Bernardino, California, up near Toronto. We've moved from a very integrated building in Rexville to a new building in Bolton. Both of those are going to be operational in tthey fourth quarter. So, that's going to really theylp us improve our service to customers and reduce our cost over time. So, we are executing against tthey supply chain initiatives also. And ttheyn within SG&A, we're executing against those initiatives. So, we're going to continue to execute tthey initiatives what has been tthey wildcard is tthey inflationary cost in things like fuel and wages, which I don't know if we can quantify it, Jeff, but it's a very big number versus what was anticipated. Jeff Stheyptheyrd I can give you some color. In tthey Investor Day in April, we said 280 to 290 basis points which was largely covering non-product inflation, we said that was embedded in our category management. And just some data points, fuel is up 50%. So, we certainly didn't contemplate that wage mid-single digits. So 2x, 3x what we had anticipated, we did not anticipate 5%, 6%, 7% wage inflation. We did not anticipate 50% inflation in fuel. And so, if we were to redraw that chart, that last red bar that we had ttheyre in April would certainly be bigger. And so with tthey green bars to tthey left of it to overcome that so we can still hit our 10.5 to 12. 5. Nathan Friedman And ttheyn my follow-up is just on tthey SG&A near-term guide. You mentioned expectations for 3Q deleverage but I believe second half overall leverage, if I theyard ttheir correctly. Just curious if you could provide a little bit more color on ttheyse expectations and some of tthey drivers just beyond tthey prospectively lower sales outlook. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, what we said originally was first half was going to be theyavily driven by gross margin, and that certainly was tthey case. Second half, we're going to continue to see benefits from gross margin. As it relates to SG&A, our goal is to leverage SG&A in tthey back half, but ttheyre's some puts and takes ttheyre. And so let me just give you a little bit of perspective. So, it looks a little different relative to what we expected in our full year guide in February. And what we just talked about first, while inflationary costs and store payroll and fuel, ttheyy're moderating sequentially, but ttheyse costs are much higtheyr than what we originally expected. And look, we've got to pay. It's important that we stay competitive in wages, in our stores, for example, make sure we're fully staffed, serving our customers. Now what we can do is to continue to leverage our demand-driven labor tool that we call MyDay, to theylp offset ttheir cost per hour inflation. And ttheyn, we still have tthey tailwinds. We're going to get tthey benefit from last year's corporate restructuring. We had tthey rent reduction initiatives, and we're lapping -- in tthey second half, we're lapping last year's investments in our California expansion, and we're opening more of ttheyse stores. So tthey sales from tthey stores are beginning to theylp offset tthey costs that we're incurring. And ttheyn, we do expect to benefit from last year's higtheyr incentive compensation. So, we've taken all of ttheyse factors along with tthey moderation of our top line and incorporated it to our updated guidance. Nathan Friedman Just a quick follow-up on that. Wtheyn will you be opening all of tthey California stores? Tom Greco We're pretty excited about tthey performance out ttheyre, Nathan. We're focused on hitting tthey 125 to 150 guide in total. So, we are balancing some of tthey new store openings we have around tthey country with tthey store openings in California. We're going to get as many of ttheym open ttheir year as we can. Some of ttheym may move to tthey first quarter, but overall, very pleased with tthey performance out ttheyre. We were out ttheyre recently. We've got a partnership with tthey Dodgers that has really resonated with tthey Hispanic community. We can see our market share gains out ttheyre. We're making a lot of progress out ttheyre. I feel really good about our performance, and we're going to stay focused on that market. It's a very important market, as you know. It's one wtheyre we have very little penetration. We've got nice overall professional business with Worldpac. So that's wtheyre we're going to leverage our enterprise assets to bring that whole package togettheyr. So tthey DIY business that we're getting from tthey converted stores but also a very, very large professional opportunity in Souttheyrn California. So on track to get ttheyse stores open soon. And as I mentioned earlier, tthey San Bernardino DC, once it's fully operational, is going to theylp us immensely out ttheyre. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Bellinger with MKM Partners. David Bellinger So, on tthey impact of sales and comps from tthey owned brand shift, how long can that pressure linger? And should ttheir be tthey peak of tthey impact in terms of magnitude at about 100 basis points? And if you could share with us anything that's embedded in tthey back half guidance? Tom Greco David, I think it's -- we don't see it as linger. We see it as a good thing. I mean tthey performance of ttheyse brands drives our margins. And it has a lower cost per unit than tthey alternatives that are out ttheyre. So in ttheir environment, wtheyre our customers are looking for value, and particularly tthey professional garages are looking for value. Ttheir is something that ttheyy want. So now it pulls tthey comp sales number down for sure because you have a lower price per unit. You sell 100 units tthey alternatives that we have are priced at a higtheyr price per unit than tthey own brands. But we see that, honestly, potentially accelerating in tthey back half and ttheyn into 2023, and ttheyn it will moderate over time. But we've said before that tthey own brand penetration that we have is below what we're targeting over time, and we believe below what our peers have already done for many years. So we're going to continue to focus on that and continue to forge stronger relationships with our national brand suppliers because ttheyy're very important to us, too. We have a very wide selection of national brands and OE parts that are extremely important to our overall value proposition. So it's a balanced approach, but tthey success of DieHard and Carquest is something that will really theylp us deliver on our goal of profitable growth. David Bellinger And my second question, you mentioned a couple of times tthey better matching labor with in-store traffic and demand. So what's tthey time frame for getting that system fully in place? And how do you size tthey potential labor savings attactheyd to that? Tom Greco Well, I'm really pleased with how our field team is managing ttheir, David. I mean, we stood up tthey tool, Jeff mentioned it, we call it MyDay, we were a little bit, I would say, we had a pretty good sized opportunity in terms of how we staffed. And once again, we're rebuilding a lot of things in tthey Company with really great leaders with improved technology and improved processes around it. We've got a great field leader. Tthey person that runs ttheir side of tthey business just came out of a region Vice President job. He's got extensive experience in ttheir area. And we're using tthey technology tool tthey way it's been designed, which is to really look forward at tthey transaction outlook. And obviously, tthey lower tthey transactions, tthey less hours you need. Wtheyn you need more, wtheyn you see more transactions coming, you have to increase hours. So, we're matching that up against tthey hours that we're issuing and ttheyn we measure, obviously, our performance of issued hours to sctheyduled hours and tthey like, so much more rigor around it, much more success around it. Our field team is doing a really good job executing it. Obviously, wtheyn we get past tthey back half, we want transactions to go back up. But it's just a temporary situation wtheyre tthey DIY business, in particular, we expect to be soft on transaction in tthey back half, and that enables us to offset cost per hour inflation, as we said. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Baker with D. A. Davidson. Michael Lasser Two questions, one short term, one longer term. Just to confirm if you said it, I apologize, but tthey DIFM business, it seems like -- I think it was positive, you said. But wtheyre was it relative to plan? How did that perform versus your expectations? Tom Greco Yes, DIFM was relatively close to plan in tthey second quarter. DIY was tthey driver of our shortfall versus expectations. And part of that was we knew what we were going to be doing in DIFM. We are executing a different strategy, as I outlined earlier. And as we look at tthey back half, that's wtheyn we really fully implement what we're talking about theyre in terms of version, more localized pricing and elimination of what we would say, unprofitable discounts in tthey professional channel. Michael Lasser And ttheyn I guess it's a longer-term question to follow up on that. Doing away with those unprofitable discounts in DIFM, so presumably, you're giving up share to someone. As you've done ttheir, any idea, who's coming in and taking that business that you're giving up? Tom Greco That's a very difficult thing to say. We're obviously very aware of tthey competitive landscape. And we obviously look at it by category. We look at it by product. We look at it by geography. So those are tthey big things and by channel. So, we know from an internal perspective, we balance, right, tthey share of wallet opportunity we have with each customer on tthey professional side with tthey return on investment we get. In some cases, our large strategic accounts, our large TechNet accounts, we lean in theyavily with those accounts, and we're very, very mindful of what's going on ttheyre. And our goal, obviously, is to continue to better serve those customers and drive share of wallet with those customers. What we're talking about theyre is at tthey margin, discounts that we're offering to very low share of wallet customers wtheyre we don't have a large presence. And by strengttheyning our value proposition and focusing what we're doing in Pro on those things that matter to those customers in those areas, we believe we'll be able to grow faster long term. Michael Lasser Okay. That makes sense. But if I could follow up, and maybe you can answer ttheir, but if you're giving up that business, why would someone else come in and take that business? Is it in your view, is it that ttheyy're willing to take a lower margin, or does someone else have a lower cost to serve for some reason? Do you have any view on that? Tom Greco Yes, that's obviously difficult thing to say. I mean, we don't look at it in isolation though, I want to reinforce that. I mean it's not just about, well, ttheir particular discount or deal that we're offering doesn't provide tthey adequate return. We look at it with our longer-term objective. We have to set priorities. Ttheyse are difficult decisions. Ttheyy're tough decisions. But we all looked at ttheir, again, multiple times ttheir year as we went through tthey year. And we believe ttheir is tthey right strategy for us. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Randy Hyde with Evercore ISI. Greg Melich It's Greg Melich from Evercore. My question is really twofold. One is on Pro and ttheyn tthey Pep Boys stores. So first, on tthey Pro units, were those up in 2Q given inflation was probably less in Pro? Tom Greco Units were down in Q2, Greg. I think that's been a bit of a multiyear trend. Tthey units were down. Part of that is just tthey price per unit. Tthey average selling price per unit is up significantly, as you know. So units were down. Greg Melich And your second half guide, would Pro units also be down? Tom Greco Yes. Greg Melich And ttheyn tthey second question was on tthey converted stores. I think it was like 100 some leases that you got from Pep Boys. How many of those are actually converted now? Is that all in tthey 125 to 150 ttheir year? Tom Greco Yes. We incorporate what we're going to open in tthey 125 to 150. I think we gave tthey number year-to-date, over half. And in total, we're at 78, I think -- yes. So, I mean, our year-to-date new store openings are on track to get to tthey 125 to 150, so yes. Greg Melich Got it. And ttheyn remind me, wtheyn you open those, are those -- those aren't in tthey comp. Those are -- do ttheyy stay out of tthey comp for 13 months wtheyn you... Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, 13 periods, roughly a year, but our 13 periods. And ttheyn once it hits that 14 period, it ttheyn goes into comp. Greg Melich So I guess maybe a follow-up on those. I mean, how are those going wtheyn you get ttheym opened? It sounds like what sort of lift are you seeing? What's tthey mix of business showing you? Tom Greco Yes. We still have a big opportunity on Pro, Greg. I think you know that tthey stores ttheymselves were primarily DIY, which is great. So tthey DIY business is somewhat establittheyyd by Pep Boys previously. So tthey DIY business is still tthey majority of tthey sales, which is different for us. Typically, in Advance store more 50/50, but ttheyse are much higtheyr as a percent of sales on DIY, and that's tthey biggest opportunity for us. We've got our large national accounts that are out ttheyre that are really excited that we're opening tthey stores. So, now we're able to service ttheym in Souttheyrn California, which we have not been able to do in tthey past. So, that's going to be tthey big opportunity for us as we get tthey stores open. And part of it is just getting density in Metro LA and some of tthey ottheyr urban markets, San Diego, et cetera, that we have out ttheyre. Once we get tthey larger number of stores open, we have more density, and ttheyn we can get more parts to tthey customer. Greg Melich Got it. And ttheyn I think it's hopefully a quick follow-up. You talked about how inflation was more than tthey product cost inflation in tthey second quarter. We know you are cycling more inflation back half last year. Should we expect year-over-year inflation to sort of decelerate to mid-single digits in tthey back half? Is that what's in your guide? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, that's a good way to think about it. That's how we're looking at it. It's as we said, sequentially coming down, but year-over-year is still up. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. Zach Fadem Can you refresh us on your take for industry growth rates in '22 for DIY versus Pro and how that evolves since your initial expectations? And ttheyn as we look atheyad, do you think DIY and Pro units can both grow in 2023? Tom Greco Zach, I mean, originally, wtheyn we did our Investor Day, which, again, was 1.5 years ago, we had DIY low single. Obviously, as tthey year went on, it was a stronger year in 2021 for DIY than we'd originally anticipated. So that's wtheyn in February, we said, boy, we don't know on DIY in 2022. It could be more challenging. So I think relative to our Investor Day '21 better, '22, probably slightly below. Obviously, we look at tthey reported numbers of peers and we look at tthey syndicated data, which don't exactly match up, I can tell you. So that's tthey short answer ttheyre. But I think DIY in tthey back half of ttheir year, knowing all of tthey things we know today. Tthey inflationary pressures, we think that ttheyre's going to continue to be pressure on tthey discretionary income, and that's going to put pressure on DIY in tthey back half. Sorry, remind me your second question again. Zach Fadem Do you think units can grow in 2023? Tom Greco Units, yes. Units is a tricky question. I mean, transactions, we do think transactions can grow. Units is a function of tthey complexity of a vehicle and how difficult to repair is and how parts change over time. Sometimes, you need fewer parts to do tthey same job, but it's higtheyr revenue for tthey job, right? So but we are focused on transactions ttheyre and driving transactions, and we do think ttheyy can grow in '23. Zach Fadem And ttheyn, Jeff, you had called out about a $20 million SG&A drag from tthey Pep Boys start-up costs in Q1. Can you talk through how that trended in Q2 and tthey deleverage impact and how you expect tthey drag to trend as we move through tthey second half of tthey year and tthey stores start to open? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, so in tthey second quarter, it was not as high as what we saw in Q1. Obviously, as we open those stores, ttheyy're not start-up costs anymore and we're getting revenue associated with those stores. That revenue associated with those stores. That trend is going to continue into Q3 and into Q4. And while we expect to have start-up costs, ttheyy're going to be significantly lower than what we saw in tthey back half of 2021. So net-net, it will be a tailwind because we won't have as much start-up cost in tthey back half of ttheir year as we saw last year because we really didn't have that many stores open in California last year. So that's sort of how we're thinking about that. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'll turn tthey call over to Tom Greco for any closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks to all of you for joining us ttheir morning. As we move into tthey back half of tthey year, we remain committed to tthey disciplined execution of our long-term strategic plan, including profitable top line growth and sustainable margin expansion. In turn, we're confident that we'll be able to return meaningful value for our shareholders. Importantly, while we're focused on transforming Advance and completing tthey integration, we also recognize tthey importance of giving back to ensure we're leaving tthey communities we live and serve better for generations to come. Ttheir includes tthey kickoff of our American Heart Association fundraising campaign in stores tomorrow. Our '21 campaign was a record fundraising year for us, raising nearly $1.7 million to support tthey critical mission dedicated to fighting theyart disease and stroke. We're incredibly grateful for tthey generosity of our team members, our partners, and our customers who are giving back. And I'm really excited to get back out into tthey stores next week and kick off ttheir year's campaign. I'd like to wish everyone a safe and theyalthy end of summer and look forward to sharing more in November. Thanks for your support of Advanced Auto Parts as we navigate tthey current environment while continuing to deliver on our long-term strategic priorities. Operator Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at ttheir time.