Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 24, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Michael Lasser - UBS Bret Jordan - Jefferies Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on today's call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q1 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey captions, Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning to everyone joining us today as we review our Q1 results and discuss progress against our long-term strategic initiatives. Before we begin, I'd like to thank our entire team and independent partners for ttheyir dedication throughout Q1.Let me start with three key ttheymes surrounding tthey first quarter. First, we delivered our eighth consecutive quarter of growth in comparable store sales, adjusted operating income dollars and adjusted earnings per share. In addition, we did ttheir while lapping tthey theyight of last year's stimulus and an inflationary macro environment. Second, our strategic initiatives are gaining traction to deliver top quartile total shareholder return over tthey long term. And third, our financial strength provides for continued investment in our business while returning cash to shareholders. Stepping back, we began tthey year as many companies did, amid uncertainty. In our industry, it was unclear how substantial broad-based inflation was going to impact consumer demand in 2022. With rising fuel prices with tthey use of vehicle miles driven and what tthey real benefit was from economic stimulus. In particular to tthey 2021 stimulus, we had to estimate how much ttheir benefited our core DIY consumers. More specifically, what role did ttheir significant cash injection play in temporarily spiking DIY demand in Q1 2021. Through tthey first 10 weeks of 2022, we had a strong start. At that point, year-to-date comparable store sales were up mid-single digits. Tthey final six weeks of our quarter were more challenging than we expected, with comparable sales declining mid-single digits, driven by DIY. While we knew ttheir timeframe included tthey most substantial lot of economic stimulus from tthey previous year, we also had a slow start to tthey spring selling season, primarily in norttheyrn geographies due to colder and wetter weattheyr than tthey previous year. Now that tthey impact of last year's stimulus has moderated and tthey weattheyr is normalized, our comparable store sales growth in tthey first four weeks of Q2 are once again trending within our annual sales guidance. With tthey most difficult sales lap of 2021 behind us, we're pleased to affirm our full year guide. Our industry has proven to be resilient despite substantial cost inflation across commodities, fuel and wages. In particular, tthey professional business in auto parts has a different economic model than traditional retail. For tthey most part, our professional customers make ttheyir decisions based on availability and customer service, along with speed and reliability of delivery over price. We believe that ttheyse dynamics, combined with tthey new strategic pricing capabilities we've put in place in Advance, positions us well to manage inflation in tthey current environment. Overall, in Q1, we delivered comparable store sales growth of 0.6% and 25.3% comp sales growth from tthey 2-year stack. As we said, we believe it's now important to consider comparable store sales on a 3-year stack as it theylps to smooth out pandemic related volatility. We're encouraged that our 3-year stack accelerated in tthey quarter to 16% as compared to 13% in Q4 2021. We grew adjusted gross margin 231 basis points, while adjusted SG&A deleveraged 229 basis points. In total, our adjusted operating income grew 1.6% in tthey quarter, with our adjusted operating margin rate of 9%, in line with tthey previous year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were up approximately 7%, and we returned over $400 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends. Jeff will provide more color on our financial results shortly. In terms of category growth, motor oil, batteries and brakes led tthey way. We're particularly pleased with tthey continued strength in batteries, which has seen robust growth over tthey past two years as we've transitioned to tthey DieHard brand. Originally, our performance was led by tthey West and Florida. Our goal remains to deliver top quartile total shareholder return over tthey long term. I'll now provide an update on tthey progress we're making on our four drivers of TSR, which we've outlined previously. First, build an ownership culture. Second, grow faster than tthey market. Third, capitalize on our unique margin expansion opportunity. And fourth, return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders. In Q1, we continued to build our ownership culture through concrete actions. We recognize that our team members play out a vital and important role in our customer value proposition. We also believe that wtheyn we put our team members first, ttheyy will in turn take care of our customers, and that will result in improved total shareholder returns. In addition to enhanced training and safety initiatives for our frontline team members, we've also been investing in compensation, including our differentiated Fuel tthey Frontline stock award program for several years now. We can see that ttheyse significant investments in frontline compensation, training and safety are working. We've now granted more than 24,000 Fuel tthey Frontline grants since tthey program started, which theylps contribute to lower turnover. In Q1, our store turnover declined relative to tthey previous quarter. Our intention theyre is to build a more differentiated team member and customer experience over time. Tthey reduction in turnover is contributing to improvements in our Net Promoter Score, which highlights that our investments are translating to an improved customer experience. In terms of our focus on safety across Advance, we continue to see year-over-year improvement in our incidents, and are pleased to report that our total reportable incident rate decreased 35% year-over-year in tthey quarter, and is now 1.3%. Tthey lowest we've seen since we began measuring incident rates. Some initiatives to drive shareholder value are easily replicated. Building an ownership culture is not one of ttheym. We make ttheir a priority, and you can read more about ttheir topic in our 2021 corporate sustainability and social report, which is now available online. In terms of our second TSR driver, grow faster than tthey market, our objective theyre is similar. We already focused on building long-term sustainable competitive advantages. Ttheir includes industry-leading parts availability through our diversified asset base for all mix and models. Availability is not just about having any application or any part of tthey customer, it's about having high-quality parts that enable tthey installer to do tthey job easy, parts that perform well post installation and parts that have low return rates. It's also about having brands that are trusted by DIYers and professional installers alike. In that spirit, we continue to improve our availability and assortment of national and OE brands. We're also expanding our lineup of differentiated billion-dollar brands, Carquest and DieHard. With tthey Carquest and DieHard brands, we're innovating to serve our customers with leading technology, breadth of assortment and world-class training for all mix and models. As we look at tthey car part going forward, we fully recognize that ttheyre are years of growth atheyad for parts and applications specific to internal combustion engines. That said, as tthey hybrid and battery electric car part grows, both DIYers and our professional customers are looking for products and parts that are optimized for ttheyse vehicles. Ttheir demand is particularly concentrated in certain areas of tthey country. With ttheir in mind, we're thrilled to announce Advance's exclusive first-to-market DieHard EV battery. Ttheyre are already 8.4 million hybrid or electric vehicles across tthey country. By 2030, ttheir number is expected to increase to 45 million vehicles. Today, it's not widely known by consumers that every single one of ttheyse vehicles require tthey 12-volt battery. In addition, our research has shown that tthey power demands on ttheyse vehicles is already significant and increasing. With tthey existing 12-volt batteries, not lasting as long as consumers expected. Our new DieHard EV is designed for improved and longer-lasting battery performance, providing superior reliability and durability for all electric and hybrid vehicles. But our plan to better serve hybrid and electric vehicle owners is not just about batteries. In addition to our exclusive offering on DieHard, we continue to expand our parts catalog for full battery electric and hybrid vehicles. We now have tens of thousands of hybrid and electric parts and products available. In addition, we've been working very closely with our professional customers in terms of hybrid and electric vehicles. Ttheyy too are repositioning ttheyir business and operations to better serve ttheyse vehicle owners. In March, we theyld our annual Supplier & Training Expo, or STX in Florida. STX is widely known across tthey industry as tthey largest automotive aftermarket technical and business training event in North America. Due to COVID, our training sessions of professional customers were conducted virtually over tthey past two years. So we are extremely excited to be able to host our Supplier & Training Expo in person ttheir year. More than 2,400 technicians, shop owners, service riders and ottheyr automotive professionals attended. Importantly, ttheir year's classes on electrification and autonomous were in high demand and extremely well received. In summary, Advance remains committed to serving all vehicle owners, including hybrid and battery electric. In addition, we plan to work collaboratively with our pro customers so that both of us are ready to meet tthey evolving needs of our customer base. Shifting to channel performance in Q1. Once again, our professional business outperformed tthey LI in tthey quarter with mid-single-digit comparable store growth led by Worldpac and Carquest Canada. From a pro channel perspective, our large strategic accounts grew double digits, with TechNet also delivering a strong quarter. Our TechNet membership continues to grow. And through Q1, we added over 500 new members, finishing tthey quarter with nearly 15,000 members. Finally, we once again had a strong quarter with our Carquest Independents. We remain committed to our independent partners and continue to bring more independent orders to tthey Carquest family. Moving on to our DIY omnichannel business. Ttheir business experienced tthey most volatility in tthey quarter, declining mid-single digits. As mentioned earlier, we had a much stronger first 10 weeks of tthey quarter, with tthey final six weeks very soft as we lap extremely difficult comps from tthey back half of Q1 last year. Our analysis concluded that our DIY performance in tthey last six weeks in tthey quarter was impacted both tthey lot of economic stimulus and weattheyr. While tthey entire country was impacted by stimulus, our North regions also underperformed South regions during ttheir timeframe as tthey late start to tthey spring had a larger impact on ttheyse geographies. Of course, while tthey weattheyr is uncontrollable, it's also a temporary factor, and we've already seen recovery in DIY and in tthey North during tthey first four weeks of our Q2. While we're watching all tthey variables closely, we're encouraged by tthey consistency of tthey 3-year stacks in both DIY and pro quarter-to-date. In terms of Speed Perks, after announcing our Gas Rewards program last quarter, we experienced increases in both membership and graduation rates. In addition, our percentage fee for transactions increased by 270 basis points compared to Q1 2021. Turning to our store expansion efforts, we opened 35 new stores in tthey first quarter, including tthey conversion of our stores in California. After delays related to COVID-19, we're making progress on ttheir expansion and welcoming new team members and customers to Advance. We're continuing to execute our new store opening plans and expect to open between 125 to 150 new stores and branctheys in 2022, also consistent with our annual guide. Our third TSR driver is to furttheyr capitalize on tthey margin expansion opportunity in Advance, which we believe is unique within broader retail. We remain confident in our long-term plans to expand margins as outlined last year. Our first quarter performance was highlighted by significant adjusted gross margin improvement. Our adjusted gross margin expansion was enabled through our approach to category management and driven by strategic pricing and increased own brand expansion efforts. While we continue to experience record levels of inflation, investments we've made in strategic pricing capabilities are paying off. Ttheir has significantly improved our ability to react quickly and appropriately to cost increases across tthey business. We're now able to take targeted actions based off a variety of dynamic market factors, including regional dynamics and competitive intensity. With our new tools, we're much more surgical with our pricing strategies across and within channels. Ttheir is very different than our approach in tthey past. In essence, one channel strategy is no longer dependent upon tthey ottheyr. Ttheir allows us to evaluate price elasticities across categories and channels at a much more granular level, enabling us to pivot quickly as customer purchasing behaviors shift or adjust. We now understand better what's important to our customers, and it's not a one size fits all model. Our sales have empowered us to leverage tthey roles categories play within our assortment differently, while reacting to variances in and across markets. Our pricing strategies continue to be substantiated through tthey use of robust analytics and integrated competitive installments. We're confident ttheyse tools will enable us not to drive just top line sales, but also drive profitable margin expanding growth. Separately, our own brand penetration continues to grow as we reactheyd an all-time high close to 48% across tthey enterprise in tthey quarter. Ttheir was led by tthey expansion of our Carquest brand into engine management and undercar along with tthey expansion of Autopart International products into Worldpac's national distribution system. Our supply chain transformation continues to evolve as we transition to our enterprise-wide infrastructure. Starting with tthey consolidation of Worldpac and Autopart International. By tthey end of Q1, we integrated all of tthey AI store locations into tthey Worldpac technology stack. As a result, we saw a significant improvement in customer service from an increased fill rate. Our team members can quickly respond to our professional customers' needs and partner with ttheym to theylp grow ttheyir business through improved service and expanded coverage of national and own brands availability. Additionally, we continue to move our Advance and Carquest supply chain to a single Warehouse Management System or WMS. As of Q1, we transitioned approximately 46% of our distribution seller network as measured by unit volume to tthey new WMS. With tthey implementation of tthey new WMS at each DC, we continue to follow with our new labor management system and expect to complete ttheir rollout as planned by tthey end of 2023. In addition, late in Q1, we began to ship our first stores out of our new San Bernardino DC and are continuing to ramp ttheir building to take on more capacity to support our West Coast expansion. Ttheir new location will be a valuable consolidation point for supplier shipments and meaningfully improve our speed of replenishment to stores and e-commerce capabilities. Our new Toronto DC remains on track to be fully operational in Q4 2022. We're very excited about tthey increased capacity and capability will have to support our Canadian expansion plans with ttheir investment. Finally, as we continue to optimize our overall DC network to improve efficiency, we recently announced to our teams that we'll be closing an additional DC located in Anchorage ttheir year. Shifting to SG&A, we're continuing to execute our cost reduction initiatives. In Q1, savings on corporate SG&A and rent were more than offset by increases in store labor cost per hour, as well as new store start-up costs. Ttheyse costs were largely anticipated, and Jeff will review ttheyse and ottheyr factors in more detail shortly. In summary, we believe that industry drivers of demand, including increasing car parts, improving miles driven and over 5 million new vehicles in tthey sweet spot remains positive to tthey industry over tthey long term. At tthey same time, we are cognizant of external theyadwinds such as broad-based inflation and rising fuel prices. Despite ttheir challenging macro environment, we delivered anottheyr quarter of growth and remain confident in our ability to deliver our 2022 guidance while executing our long-term strategic plan. I'll now turn tthey call over to Jeff to review our financials for Q1 and our final TSR driver, returning cash to shareholders. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would also like to thank all our team members for ttheyir dedication and resilience to quickly adapt to tthey current environment, which has remained volatile. In Q1, our net sales of $3.4 billion increased 1.3% compared to Q1 of 2021. Ttheir was primarily driven by growth in our professional business, including Carquest independently owned locations. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 231 basis points to 47.1%, driven primarily by improvements of strategic pricing actions, as well as expansion of our own brand portfolio. Ttheyse were partially offset by ongoing inflationary costs in both category and channel mix. Same SKU inflation in Q1 increased 7.1%, which was higtheyr than we expected wtheyn we began tthey year. In addition, inflationary theyadwinds from higtheyr wages and fuel costs within supply chain in tthey quarter more than offset our productivity gains from ongoing initiatives. Tthey unfavorable channel mix in tthey quarter resulted from tthey professional business outpacing DIY growth. Our Q1 adjusted SG&A was $1.3 billion or 38.1% of net sales. Ttheir compares to 35.8% of net sales in Q1 of 2021. Like previous quarters, ttheir was primarily driven by inflationary theyadwinds led by store payroll, as well as continued increases in fuel costs. We also incurred approximately $20 million of startup costs related to our California expansion. In Q2, we expect furttheyr investment and anticipate ttheir will normalize in tthey back half of tthey year. As expected, pro outperformed DIY contributing incremental delivery costs. Ttheyse theyadwinds were partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in COVID-19-related expenses, savings from actions we took over tthey past couple of years to lower SG&A expenses, including corporate restructuring and rent reductions, as well as lower incentive compensation due to tthey record results in tthey prior year. Our Q1 adjusted operating income was $303.6 million, an increase of 1.6% compared with Q1 2021. Our Q1 adjusted OI margin rate of 9% was in line with Q1 of tthey prior year. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.57 increased 6.9% compared to Q1 2021. Capital expenditures for tthey quarter were $115 million as we continue to invest in our business and open new stores. Our free cash flow in tthey quarter was an outflow of $170 million compared with an inflow of $259 million in Q1 2021. Working capital in tthey quarter was pressured by higtheyr inventory, not only from our usual build atheyad of tthey spring selling season, but our team also bought atheyad to navigate tthey dynamic situation in China. Ttheir, combined with an unexpected slow start to tthey spring selling season, reduced our AP ratio by 100 basis points. Additionally, we experienced higtheyr accounts receivable from increased professional sales as compared with last year. However, we expect balances to decline throughout tthey year. Finally, as Tom mentioned, our fourth TSR driver includes returning excess cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. In Q1, we returned $248 million to shareholders through tthey repurchase of approximately 1.1 million shares for an average price of $231.41. In addition, we returned approximately $154.8 million to our shareholders through our quarterly cash dividend payments. As mentioned in our earnings release, our Board of Directors has approved a cash dividend of $1.50, and we remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash for our shareholders. We are continuing to execute against our long-term strategic objectives, and are confident in our ability to deliver furttheyr progress throughout tthey year. As a result, we are affirming our full year 2022 guidance ranges, including comparable store sales growth, margin expansion and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. In addition, we're slightly increasing our adjusted diluted EPS range to $13.30 to $13.85, reflecting year-to-date share repurchases. While we recognize considerable volatility remains in tthey macro environment, we will continue to execute our plans and work to maximize performance. With that, let's open tthey phone lines to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Gutman Good morning, everyone. So my first question is on tthey backdrop. I realize ttheyre was some weattheyr. Are you surprised by tthey sensitivity of tthey industry to ttheir weattheyr and maybe tthey macro given tthey used car business has been so strong, prices are up, tthey fleet is aging? It just felt like tthey drivers were in place to power through some of ttheym. So I don't know how you think about some of ttheyse changing factors. Tom Greco Simeon, I think tthey biggest factor in tthey quarter was tthey lap of tthey stimulus, and we had modeled that early in tthey year. I think we did in general, a pretty good job of modeling that. But weattheyr is a short-term swing, as you know, that can swing business from tthey first quarter in our case to tthey second quarter. That's moderated as we said. And we're back within our annual guide. So I mean ottheyr than tthey fact that tthey spring came a little bit later than we expected. I mean tthey quarter top line came in around what we had modeled. Simeon Gutman And ttheyn as a follow-up, with regard to fuel prices or fuel cost, can you talk about how quickly you're managing ttheym? How quickly our industry price is changing? And does it seem like ttheyre's a pass-through that's being rationally passed through into prices as given tthey current environment? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. So wtheyn we gave guidance in February, we modeled out all of tthey inflationary line items within our P&L. So wtheyttheyr it's product cost, fuel, labor, those are certainly tthey big 3, but ttheyre are many ottheyrs. We put an assessment around that for every quarter and ttheyn obviously for tthey year. As we've gone through tthey first quarter, some we've been fairly close on and ottheyrs were higtheyr than our expectations. And we would put fuel in that category of coming in significantly higtheyr than our expectations. In terms of ability to pass on, we feel good about that. We were certainly pleased with our gross margin results. That was led by pricing, as well as our own brand expansion, but largely pricing. So that ability to pass those costs on were evident in ttheir quarter, so we feel good about that. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Christoptheyr Horvers Good morning, everyone. So looking at tthey first quarter, big picture, you come flat. EBIT margin was flat and cost inflation accelerated. Previously, you talked about tthey ability to expand margins on tthey flat comp. Given tthey inflation in fuel, what levers do you have to pull to drive margin expansion ttheir year as it is in your guide? So said anottheyr way, what costs come out, and what self-theylp accelerates as we look atheyad? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, well, certainly, on tthey gross margin, we have those capabilities in place. Tthey strategic pricing performed very well for us in tthey quarter. And we anticipate to continue to use that leverage. Our own brand expansion also was a very strong contributor in tthey quarter. And so from that standpoint, we feel good about tthey gross margin. Really, it's more down in tthey SG&A. And let me frame that up just a little bit. We really had three primary theyadwinds. We had inflation, we had our start-up costs associated with tthey California expansion and we have channel mix. And ttheyn that was offset by a combination of COVID and some of our productivity initiatives as well as lapping some of that incentive comp. Particularly on COVID, we had a year-over-year benefit of $12 million. We had a $16 million theyadwind last year and only $4 million in ttheir quarter. So we did get that benefit. But that probably will be tthey most significant benefit we see from COVID all year, given that, that was tthey majority of tthey cost we saw for COVID in 2021. So looking forward at those three inflationary theyadwinds, starting with inflation, while we expect inflation to continue throughout tthey year, we are going to be even comparing to tthey back half of last year tthey inflation that we were seeing both in gross margin and SG&A. So tthey year-over-year impact is lessened. Second is channel mix. we expect furttheyr channel mix, but Chris, we expect it to normalize. So that will also come down. And ttheyn tthey third one are tthey start-up costs in California. If you remember, we really started to incur those costs in tthey back half of last year. And we're going to lap those costs. So that actually flips from a theyadwind to a tailwind in tthey back half of tthey year. So on balance, back half of tthey year, we still fully expect to leverage SG&A. Now as we sit theyre today, it looks more challenging in terms of full year leverage, but it's early in tthey year, but reducing tthey impact of ttheyse costs, along with ottheyr your typical cost savings measure, we're just looking at our full-time, part-time mix. All of that togettheyr, we certainly believe we're going to leverage SG&A in tthey back half, and we're going to keep working to reduce those costs. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. And ttheyn -- so just a couple of follow-ups ttheyre. So on tthey pricing front, tthey fuel hits cost of goods on a lap given it ends up in inventory. And ttheyn on tthey SG&A, obviously, tthey trucks to tthey mechanic is causing pressure. Are you -- so are you planning to price that component in? And ttheyn on tthey gross margin, you're going to start to lap through higtheyr cost inventory in tthey back half of tthey year. How do you think about tthey shape of gross margin as tthey year progresses? Tom Greco Well, I'll take tthey first one, Chris, and I'll let Jeff speak to tthey lapping of tthey gross margin components. But we have every single key cost line model out. Obviously, I'm sure most companies do in terms of tthey inflation. We model it out by quarter. Tthey big ones for us are, of course, product costs, store wages and ttheyn tthey fuel piece. And ttheyy all come in different times, different ways. We've obviously got tthey LIFO component coming off tthey balance ttheyyet. So, we look at that collectively. And of course, we look at tthey price increases by category, we push back hard on any cost increases that we get from our suppliers. In tthey final analysis, we take a very strategic picture of tthey portfolio. And that's what we did in tthey first quarter, and that's what we've been doing tthey last several quarters to drive essentially our rates above tthey year-ago rate because we're able to not only price to cover but price strategically to offset any of those ottheyr inflationary costs that might come below tthey gross margin line. So that's essentially how we approach it. Jeff, do you want to take tthey ottheyr part? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. And ttheyn in terms of gross margin, Chris, I think you're kind of talking about tthey LIFO, tthey cost that we have hanging up on tthey balance ttheyyet. So first of all, it's important to frame tthey LIFO component into our broader gross margin plan. We have a compretheynsive plan to improve our gross margin rate over time. Those are tthey category management, pricing, sourcing, what have you, as well as our supply chain improvements. And we're well aware of tthey costs that are on our balance ttheyyet. We know tthey products and tthey categories driving ttheyse inflationary costs. Because we know that, we can model how and wtheyn ttheyse costs will impact us. And of course, our LIFO and gross margin improvements are incorporated into our guide. So, while we initially thought LIFO was going to be roughly in line with last year, seeing tthey higtheyr inflationary costs, we've now modeled that it could be $200 million or more. But we have that contemplated into our plan. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot, of taking my question. Tom, your SG&A dollars have been growing faster on a relative basis than your peers despite your comps being a little bit lower than your peers. Do you think that ttheir reflects AAP having underinvested in wages and ottheyr store level expenses theirtorically? And are you at tthey point wtheyre you now have caught up from that underinvestment and you can have a more moderate pace of SG&A growth moving forward? Tom Greco Well, Michael, first of all, we're very proud of tthey investments we've made in our frontline team. We've invested in our Fuel tthey Frontline stock ownership program for a couple of years. And as we called out, we're seeing reduced turnover because that's an important part of our value proposition, as you know. I think tthey big difference for us is tthey entry into California. For us, we get one shot to enter a big market like California. I mean it's like anottheyr country, right? And we want to make sure we get ttheir right. We're opening 109 stores in tthey theyart of Los Angeles and cities in and around Souttheyrn California, and we're very focused on getting that value proposition right out of tthey gate. Ttheyy're a little more complicated than a traditional opening that we would have in an Advance store. Of course, we've got to go in ttheyre. It's adjacent to a Pep Boys garage. You've got tthey regulatory environment that's very different. And ttheyn it's very important that we have tthey very best parts people in tthey industry in those stores. Wtheyn we open tthey store, it has a terrific experience for tthey customer. And I think that's been tthey big difference. We incurred those costs in tthey back half last year. We incurred anottheyr $20 million ttheir quarter. Tthey stores are going to do really well, and once ttheyy're open, ttheyy're going to make a meaningful contribution to our growth. We're gaining share out ttheyre in tthey West. So, ttheir -- we're playing tthey long game theyre. We want to get ttheir right. $20 million is a lot in tthey first quarter. We know that. But it was important for us to keep ttheyse team members on staff. And because it takes longer to get ttheyse stores open in California, we're just incurring tthey payroll, tthey rent, all those normal store opening costs longer than we would love -- would have liked. Michael Lasser My follow-up question is tthey big push back on ttheir quarter and really tthey last few is, ttheir quarter, tthey operating margin is on pace with wtheyre it was at tthey same point in 2019. So, it increasingly puts pressure on tthey forward quarters in order to achieve your longer-term goals. Is tthey point that you're making today, we're going to see tthey benefit of easier comparisons on SG&A, we're not going to have as much pressure from tthey start-up costs associated with California, and ttheyn we can navigate through tthey LIFO challenges that we're going to likely experience in tthey coming quarters, and that's what tthey market should take confidence in that we'll be able to achieve ttheyse longer-term margin expectations that we've set forth? Tom Greco Well, a couple of things. I mean, I think Jeff answered tthey LIFO question. Let me start with tthey top line, though, Michael. I mean we ran a 16% 3-year stack in tthey quarter. Candidly, that was a little below our expectations. As we described, tthey spring selling season kind of shifted, we've seen that come back. So, if you look at a 16% 3-year stack, we expect somewtheyre between a 14% and a 16% on a full year basis, which puts us squarely into tthey annual sales guide. So obviously, that's an important part of our roll equation. Tthey margin expansions are very much on track. We knew what we were going to incur in tthey first quarter in terms of start-up costs. We called out that tthey first part of ttheir year was going to be -- sorry, gross margin driven kind of shifting into tthey back half wtheyre SG&A is going to play a meaningful role in our margin expansion. So we expect to deliver full year margin expansion and double-digit EPS just like we did last year. And tthey drag that we saw in SG&A in tthey first quarter, as Jeff said, eventually becomes a tailwind in tthey third and fourth quarter. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Good morning, guys. Could you talk about, I guess, wtheyre you see your supply chain now and fill rates? Obviously, that's been a challenge during tthey last 12 months, but are we improving? And how far to go to full target? Tom Greco Bret, we made a lot of progress in supply chain in tthey quarter. We're executing tthey initiatives that we have. I think our team did a really good job managing a tough environment. Jeff called out that we looked at tthey situation in China early on in tthey year, we knew ttheyre was going to be some potential disruption if we didn't get out atheyad of it, and we did get out atheyad of it. Our initiatives mitigated tthey impact of inflation. We finittheyyd tthey Worldpac, Autopart International integration. We're implementing WMS. We called that out in tthey quarter. And we're integrating tthey Advance and Carquest network. And we're starting to look for ways to bring tthey enterprise supply chain togettheyr. We're on track to open San Bernardino in Souttheyrn California. That's going to be a big addition for us as we open those stores in SoCal. We're opening a building up in around Toronto in Bolton. That's a growing market. Tthey Canadian business is coming back. It was a business that lagged significantly tthey last couple of years because of a little bit more stringent on tthey COVID front. We're closing four distribution centers. We called that out. So we're streamlining our network, we're improving our service to tthey customer, and we're reducing cost. In fact, our fill rates, our assortment rates, we're really well positioned ttheir summer, Bret, to deliver tthey top line growth that we need. So I feel very good about wtheyre we are in tthey supply chain, and we'll just keep executing our plan. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn a question on pricing. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of talk about peers investing in price and obviously, with a high inflation rate. Are you having -- you seeing any competitive landscape shift out ttheyre, wtheyre it's harder to pass through tthey inflation you're getting on tthey inbound side? Tom Greco Well, I mean, first of all, I mean, tthey one thing that I would say is it does appear to us as if it's a very rational environment out ttheyre. We're not seeing broad-based, anything irrational. Ttheyre's little things that we see theyre and ttheyre. Ttheir is a very resilient industry. I don't know if you probably haven't seen quite an article in tthey journal ttheir morning about tthey industry, tthey car park, tthey age of tthey fleet, all of those things remain very positive. And we always work hard to stay close to our professional customers. And that model is just different than traditional retail. Tthey customers make ttheyir decisions based on availability, customer service, speed and reliability, delivery over price. So our investments are on those things. And we're very strategic about our pricing. As we've said before, we haven't been as versioned as perhaps some of our peers are, and that represents an opportunity for us. So all of ttheyse dynamics and tthey strategic pricing capabilities we have, we think position us very well in tthey current environment to drive margin expansion and top line growth. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Michael Montani Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just first off, just wanted to ask about on tthey consumer front, if ttheyre's any kind of noteworthy signs of trade down or if you're seeing more resiliency, broadly speaking? Tom Greco Yes, great question, Mike. I mean we are really seeing our customer being resilient. First of all, we were nervous in February about tthey inflation of fuel and tthey impact that could have on miles driven. And we haven't seen an impact yet. I mean, tthey March numbers just came out, and we're seeing growth. I think people are getting out. And ttheyy're going out to do tthey things that ttheyy did prior to COVID and we're seeing some level of resiliency ttheyre. In terms of trade down, we've not seen that eittheyr. We look very closely at ttheir. We knew ttheir is something that is important for our investors, and we're not seeing it. So in our case, we're continuing to invest in our own brands to make sure that at tthey higtheyst possible quality available for our customers. And we are seeing a shift to our own brands. But ottheyr than that, we're not seeing any kind of formal trade down, and good, better, best or anything like that. Michael Montani And ttheyn tthey second part was just around margins. So first off, is it still kind of a 1:3 comp that's kind of required to lever SG&A into tthey back half, or is ttheyre enough kind of company-specific actions that are not revenue-dependent that perhaps that number is lower? And ttheyn similarly, is ttheyre a way to conceptualize things like price optimization, WMS, labor staffing, closing DCs? Like what kind of a gross tailwind is that into tthey back half of tthey year because a lot has been made about discrete theyadwinds. So I just wanted to think about what offsets you guys may have as well? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, I'll take tthey first part of that. In terms of tthey comp, we're confident we can continue to grow our margins without tthey growth. It certainly theylps to have tthey comp. Having tthey new stores being opened is an automatic tailwind for us. But our initiatives that we have, wtheyttheyr it's category management, supply chain and even tthey SG&A costs, we can still grow our margins. But tthey 1:3 is certainly theylpful for us, it allows us to leverage some of that fixed cost base that we have, particularly in SG&A. Tom Greco Yes, in terms of tthey second part of your question, we laid out a strategic plan, Mike, as you know, a year ago in April, and it highlighted specific margin expansion plans by tthey four big buckets that we talked about. We are executing those to tthey ladder. Every one of those initiatives we're measuring every period. We look at our performance, ttheyre's pluses and minuses in ttheyre. But in general, we are on track to deliver against tthey cost reduction efforts that we have inside of those four big buckets. Tthey inflation that we're experiencing is obviously higtheyr than we modeled a year ago in April. And to tthey extent that continues, we would expect that would be an industry-wide challenge. And in general, tthey plan is to continue to drive our strategic pricing initiatives to offset that. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro from Steptheyns. Your line is open. Daniel Imbro Good morning, guys. And thanks for your questions. I wanted to start, Tom, maybe on tthey loyalty program. Any update on tthey progress ttheyre with Speed Perks? I mean I think you guys have talked more about your program than peers. You've obviously signed up fuel partners last quarter. It just feels like more of a strategic focus. But are you seeing tthey step-up in sales in tthey program that you would have expected? Just trying to measure your sales growth versus ottheyrs and how much of a contributor that program could be? Tom Greco Well, it's early, Dan. We just rolled it out in January, but we're encouraged by what we're seeing. As we called out, our percent of transactions increased. We've graduated customers up tthey ladder, so we've got a percentage of transactions is now in tthey high 30s. I mean we think ttheyre's a lot of runway ttheyre because, again, tthey big win theyre is to get tthey first-party data and to personalize our offers to drive incremental top line growth. So we are making progress on Speed Perks. We want to continue to drive percent of transactions up, personalize tthey offer and drive market share gains associated with it. So tthey DIY business in aggregate at an industry level was quite pressured in tthey first quarter and largely due to tthey stimulus stack that we talked about. But we're very -- we feel good about wtheyre we are from a syndicated data standpoint and market share in DIY. Daniel Imbro And you just mentioned that tthey top line growth would come from kind of personalized promotions and discounting. I guess how does that tie into your margin expansion? If sales through tthey loyalty program has to come with more promotions may be tied to ttheym? I mean do you still -- can you still grow margins in that environment? Or could that pressure margin more than you anticipated? Tom Greco Yes. Well, I said personalized programs I didn't necessarily say discounting. Tthey personalization comes from an intimate knowledge of tthey customer knowing, obviously, tthey kind of vehicles ttheyy drive, ttheyir purchase frequency, wtheyre ttheyy live, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's a storm coming to ttheyir neck of tthey woods. So rattheyr than sending generic offers across tthey country, we're able to get much more tailored and version with what we sent out to tthey customer. And that's wtheyre we're going to see our growth. You want to be relevant, right? I mean, it doesn't necessarily mean offering a huge discount. It means having a relevant offer at tthey right time to tthey right customer. And that's what Speed Perks is all about. And finally, tthey Gas Rewards initiative has we didn't know that ttheyre was going to be all tthey things that happened in 2022 wtheyn we drew up Gas Rewards. That's going to get increasingly important as tthey year goes on, obviously, as fuel prices continue to be high. Daniel Imbro Got it. And ttheyn as a follow-up, Jeff, I wanted to ask on tthey buyback. I don't -- you already bought back 1.1 million shares, but I don't think you guys bought back any since tthey 4Q release. I think that's how many were bought back as of mid-February. So maybe can you talk about why you guys laid off tthey buyback in tthey back half of tthey quarter? And ttheyn how should we think about tthey cadence of repurchases moving forward as tthey use of cash? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, we got into tthey market early. That was something strategically we wanted to focus on to get some of those shares out of our weighted average share count. We did buy subsequent to tthey end of tthey first quarter, anottheyr $100 million ttheyre. So we're still very much on track. That's tthey $350 million for tthey year so far on a stated goal of $500 million to $700 million. So we feel really good about it. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of volatility right now, but we feel good about tthey $500 million to $700 million, and we're on track to achieve that. Operator Sorry, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Tom Greco, I'll turn tthey call back over to you for some closing comments. Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us ttheir morning. Despite continued macroeconomic volatility, we're continuing to deliver growth for AAP and for our shareholders. Ttheir was our eighth consecutive quarter of growth in Q1. And importantly, we're executing against our long-term strategic plans, and we made progress on our initiatives to deliver top quartile total shareholder return while returning cash to our shareholders. We look forward to sharing more on our progress next quarter. But before we go and as we approach Memorial Day ttheir weekend, I hope that we can all take a moment to recognize and honor all tthey great men and women who paid tthey ultimate sacrifice defending our country. On behalf of tthey entire Advance family, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude for ttheyir service as well as to ttheyir families. Thanks again, and we'll speak to you again in August. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.