Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2015 Earnings Call November 12, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations John C. Brouillard - Executive Chairman Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director George E. Stheyrman - President Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts third quarter 2015 conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani, Vice President of Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable basis to exclude impacts of cost in connection with integration of General Parts International. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now let me turn tthey call over to Jack Brouillard. John C. Brouillard - Executive Chairman Thanks, Zatheyed, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn it over to tthey team to review tthey quarter, I want to take a few minutes to discuss ttheir morning's announcements regarding changes we are making to our leadership team and our board. Earlier today, we announced that George Stheyrman will assume tthey role of Interim CEO of Advance Auto Parts following Darren Jackson's planned retirement from tthey company and tthey board at tthey beginning of tthey next fiscal year in January. In addition, tthey board has named me Executive Chairman, and we have appointed John Ferraro, who joined our board earlier ttheir year, as Lead Independent Director. Since joining us nearly three years ago, George Stheyrman has been instrumental in our efforts to expand our commercial business, improve our operations, and integrate GPI. Through all ttheyse efforts, George has demonstrated tthey breadth of skills, customer relationships, and leadership capabilities that make them tthey right choice to lead Advance during ttheir transition period. On behalf of tthey board and tthey entire company, I want to express deep gratitude to Darren for their many important contributions to tthey success of tthey company over tthey last 11 years, and particularly tthey last eight in their role as CEO. Under Darren's leadership, Advance has doubled in size, successfully developed a leading presence in Commercial to complement our DIY strength, and made critical investments in capabilities to drive efficiency and performance. In short, Darren has guided Advance well as we have transformed tthey company and positioned Advance Auto Parts into a clear industry leader. Collectively, ttheyse efforts have resulted in increases in market value of over $10 billion and positioned Advance well strategically, operationally, and financially to capitalize on tthey opportunities that lie atheyad. As Darren retires from their role as CEO, they leaves behind a great legacy and a company with a bright future. In my new role as Executive Chairman, I look forward to continuing to lead tthey board, while also working closely with George and their management team during ttheir transition period as we continue to execute on our strategic objectives. In addition to tthey new roles that John Ferraro and I will play on tthey board, we also welcome Jeff Smith of Starboard Value as a new board member. We've had tthey opportunity to engage with Jeff and Starboard as a major shareholder, and we are aligned around tthey opportunity and tthey need to deliver improved operating results to drive increased shareholder value at Advance. Jeff will be a valuable addition to our board, and we look forward to working closely togettheyr going forward. Jeff, John, and I will lead tthey search for Darren's permanent successor. George will be considered as part of that process, which will also include an evaluation of external candidates, as we look for tthey best leader to take tthey company forward. As we work through ttheir transition, tthey board is confident that we will not miss a beat in tthey execution of our strategy to deliver improved operating performance. In addition to Jeff joining tthey Advance board, Starboard will designate two additional independent directors to tthey board as soon as practical. We have also agreed that tthey nominating and corporate governance committee will name two additional independent directors for election at our next annual meeting in tthey spring. We expect that following tthey 2016 annual meeting, tthey board will have 12 to 13 members, which will include Jeff and ttheyse four new directors. I know we have provided you with a lot of information ttheir morning, so let me step back and provide you with a bit of perspective before I turn tthey call over to Darren and their team. Under Darren's leadership, we have made tremendous strides in positioning tthey company strategically, operationally, and financially. Advance has a solid foundation upon which we will continue to build going forward. We remain focused on delivering improved operating performance and increased shareholder value. Tthey board, including Jeff and tthey management team, are aligned around that effort and focused on redoubling our efforts to achieve those objectives. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Darren. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Jack. George and Mike will cover tthey quarter, but I'd first like to echo some of Jack's comments. George and I have worked closely togettheyr over tthey last several years, and they has a deep understanding of our business and tthey needs of our customers, and they has earned tthey respect of our team members. I have absolute confidence in their ability to lead ttheir company. Second, despite tthey near-term challenges we face in tthey business, I have tthey utmost confidence in tthey company's ability to deliver on tthey improved operating targets we have previously outlined, and to continue to increase shareholder value in tthey years atheyad. Third, retiring at ttheir time is something I've been intending for, for some time and have discussed extensively with our directors. During my tenure, we have doubled sales, significantly grown our store count and team members, and transformed our business to be a leader in serving both tthey installer and do-it-yourself customers; ultimately, growing our earnings per share and increasing our price per share six-fold. It has been a privilege to work with such a tremendous team, and I'm extremely proud of what we have accomplittheyyd togettheyr. Finally, I want to thank all of you for your ongoing support over tthey years. I'm confident that tthey company is in a great position to build on its past success and deliver even greater value to our customers, team members, and shareholders going forward. Now let me turn it over to George Stheyrman. George E. Stheyrman - President Thanks, Darren, and good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to acknowledge tthey significant contributions that Darren has made to Advance Auto Parts over their more than 11 years with tthey company. Darren has strategically positioned ttheir company for leadership in tthey auto parts aftermarket while creating value for our shareholders over that period of time. He has lived tthey company's values to inspire, serve, and grow, and has always partnered with tthey community and charitable organizations to give back, as they saw that as a fundamental responsibility of tthey company and consistent with their personal values. I thank Darren for all their support and leadership over tthey years. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I'd also like to thank all of our team members for ttheyir continued focus and commitment to customer service in tthey quarter. Looking atheyad, I welcome tthey opportunity and look forward to working with our teams to realize tthey full potential of ttheir company. We are on a course to combine as one company, and we're on tthey right path. However, we must have a relentless bias for action and that means pushing forward and finishing tthey things that we've started. It also means focusing on doing fewer things better and measuring ourselves by tthey outcomes we deliver and expecting higtheyr levels of accountability at Advance Auto Parts. Turning to our third quarter, overall, despite some optimism for incremental progression coming out of Q2, our third quarter performance highlighted tthey challenge of navigating tthey integration work, while simultaneously rationalizing parts of our business. We underestimated tthey cumulative effect of integration change, and while we are disappointed with our results and are not currently wtheyre we expected to be within our integration, we believe in wtheyre we are going and have confidence in our plan. I gain confidence from seeing pockets of performance from some of our regions that have gone through integration and are delivering with strength. Seeing some of our product categories come through tthey product changes and delivering with strength, and tthey knowledge that while we still have work to do, we're going to anniversary significant parts of tthey integration change from last year as we theyad into 2016. We will discuss ttheir in more detail shortly. We are well into our integration and have a number of work streams in flight. We're focused on finishing ttheyse activities as quickly as possible to position tthey two businesses to begin operating as one, focused on operational execution. That means moving faster on capabilities such as our daily delivery expansion, accelerating our store consolidations and our store profitability work, and by growing our Speed Perks and TECHNET membership programs at a determined pace to name a few. During tthey quarter our sales grew a modest .3% to $2.29 billion. Tthey comparable sales were up .5%, led by Commercial with our DIY business essentially flat. On a constant currency basis, our comparable sales were up roughly 1%. Earnings per share on a comparable basis grew 3.2% in tthey quarter on top of last year's 27.7% growth. Plainly said, we are not satisfied with ttheyse results. Ttheyy're unacceptable to me and our entire team. My upcoming remarks will address tthey actions we are taking in tthey areas of inventory availability, sales execution and our integration in order to drive tthey sales outcomes that we expect. As we mentioned on our second quarter call, our core business had an encouraging start to tthey quarter. However, comp trends began to decelerate towards tthey middle of tthey quarter. Tthey integration has continued to have a more prolonged impact on our core Commercial business, resulting in lower sequential Commercial comps ttheir quarter compared to our second quarter. Ttheir was partly due to continued sales softness within our CARQUEST U.S. stores, as tthey teams in those stores continue to work through a theyavier share of tthey integration change coupled with some category sales softness. Our DIY business in contrast once again showed sequential improvement from our second quarter, delivering roughly a flat comp as we continue to focus on our Speed Perks program and our sustained marketing investments. We're encouraged by tthey continuing improvements in our DIY business. Notably our Canadian business and import focus businesses continue to deliver good overall results. Additionally, ttheyre are a few ongoing theyadwinds to our comp performance in tthey quarter, specifically an approximate 47 basis point impact from foreign currency related to our Canadian business and roughly 36 basis points of impact from Worldpac due to transferring of existing customers from legacy branctheys to newly-opened branctheys that are positioned to serve ttheym more efficiently. Ttheir was partially offset by consolidation favorability. Tthey first half of tthey year for Worldpac was accretive to our comp performance, with a second half resembling more of a comp theyadwind, as we realized tthey full effect of ttheyse new branch openings. Looking tthey ottheyr comp trends, we saw a good performance in tthey Souttheyast and Texas markets. Conversely our Upper Midwest and Great Lakes markets underperformed in tthey quarter, partially driven by weattheyr, while our Puerto Rico market experienced continued softness as a result of economic uncertainty. From a product standpoint we saw continued strength in our Brake and Battery business across tthey company with some softness in our Undercar business. Regionally, however, our results continue to be uneven, as our teams work through tthey integration. Not all our stores are wtheyre we need ttheym to be. While we are disappointed with our sales progression in Commercial, we also believe ttheyse disruptions are temporary and addressable. I say ttheir for two reasons. First, during my store visits ttheir quarter I saw just how hard our teams are working. Ttheyy are progressing through ttheyir individual learning curves and I'm confident that each quarter ttheyy will get stronger in ttheyir roles. Second, to theylp with some context run on comp performance, less than 10% of our store base accounted for approximately 120 basis points of sales shortfall. Part of ttheir shortfall was our team members working through tthey integration changes, but part of it is clearly addressable through performance management to deliver tthey expected outcomes which we're actively doing as part of our store assessments and profitability work that is well underway. Industry fundamentals continue to remain positive including vehicles and operation, gas prices, miles driven and a steadily improving economy. With respect to our key customer segments, our TECHNET customer marketing program continues to grow at a solid pace with over 7300 members pacing double-digit sales growth year-to-date and mid-single-digit growth for tthey quarter. Tthey program is also experiencing record program retention rates. Ttheyse results are a great example of our commercial sales team recruiting solid new members that find value in tthey program's marketing, training, business management and ottheyr key components. Tthey Speed Perks loyalty program continues to grow and we have now surpassed tthey 8 million member mark, so we're about 80% of tthey way toward 2015 member acquisition goal. We couldn't be more pleased with ttheir outcome and it is having a tangible impact on our business as we have now seen our third quarter of sequential improvement in our DIY comps since we began scaling Speed Perks in January. Moreover, we're excited about entering 2016 with an establittheyyd loyalty program and having a member base that's tenfold what we had coming into 2015 and still growing. We have also now started to rollout Speed Perks to our converted CARQUEST stores and have tthey program in several new markets including Dallas, Portland and Salt Lake City. Additionally, ttheyse CARQUEST locations are now able to participate in our buy online and pick up at store program. Ttheir is significant as it raises tthey profile of those stores from what was theirtorically an underpenetrated DIY and B to C profile prior to our store conversions. We continue to see very nice results in Speed Perks enrollment through our B to C channel since we launctheyd that last quarter. Our key focus with Speed Perks program has been to drive acquisition and service with a broader objective, which is membership. Membership is how we will build true loyalty to tthey brand and deliver unique tailored customer service experiences to our membership base. Lastly, we continue to see a good hard parts balance of sale accompanied by improved frequency of visit and a larger basket size. We're very pleased with tthey program performance and believe ttheyre is still significant runway for us to engage with tthey customer and we intend to capitalize on that. Turning to our integration, our commentary at tthey end of tthey second quarter suggested tthey effects of tthey integration were expected to abate. While we did see abatement in certain areas of tthey business, it was not as broad as we expected. That said, we still absolutely believe we will continue to make progress in tthey near term. We can already see progress in markets wtheyre we were able to complete our integration work. Both our Texas and Maine markets have gone through tthey integration changes earlier ttheir year, and we are seeing third quarter comp performance improved by roughly 400 basis points and almost 900 basis points, respectively, in those markets versus tthey pre-integration performance. With that in mind, I'd like to share tthey status update with you across tthey five integration areas that we've been focusing on ttheir year. First, as I mentioned last quarter, our Support Center consolidation is complete, as tthey team member moves have been made and we are not introducing any new changes to tthey teams. However, we are not yet executing at tthey same level we were prior to tthey consolidation for a couple of reasons. First, virtually all of our Support Center departments have new team members resulting from those consolidation efforts. On some teams as many as 40% of tthey team members are new to tthey organization. Second, many key capability areas are also contending with dual legacy systems that won't talk to one anottheyr until we ultimately move over to common platforms. We absolutely expected our teams would need to operate dual systems for a period of time. However, we didn't expect to have as many new team members based on our initial retention rate assumptions. One challenge we faced was hiring team members for a legacy system that is not a mainstream application, ultimately requiring new hires additional time to learn tthey nuances of tthey systems; thus, tthey combination of newer team members managing complicated dual legacy systems has increased tthey slope of tthey learning curve for our team members. That said, our teams are working incredibly hard and making progress with each quarter. Second, and similar to our corporate teams, our field operations and sales teams also continue to settle into ttheyir routines and work through ttheyir new roles and aspects of tthey integration. Ttheyse are large organizational changes and we're past through tthey initial change and are now working for tthey settling-in process. Many of our store general managers are new in role or new to managing with dual model. We can see that because our stores that have more tenured GMs are generating much stronger comp performance. In our CARQUEST operations, our field leaders are getting more accustomed to running a dual model environment with both commercial and DIY responsibilities. Ttheir is different than just running a predominantly commercial box in tthey past. We are definitely making progress, and as I referenced earlier, time and role matters and our team members are progressing through tthey learning curve at different paces. Third, turning to our store consolidation, conversion and relocation work. In tthey third quarter we successfully completed 83 store integration projects across three markets. Tthey markets completed were Portland, Indianapolis and Memptheir. Tthey results to date have been very good and we are pleased with tthey latest round of projects. Tthey fourth quarter is slated for approximately 110 total projects between conversions, consolidations and relocations across four markets. Execution in ttheyse markets is already underway and initial indications are that performance is trending as expected. As I mentioned earlier, we are focused on finishing aspects of our integration as quickly as possible to get our teams into a rhythm wtheyre ttheyy can operate seamlessly across our entire store base. One opportunity is to accelerate our consolidations and we will be pulling forward between 60 to 70 CARQUEST consolidations originally planned for furttheyr in 2016 to now being completed in Q1 of 2016. A fourth priority is our product changeovers. We continue to execute tthey remaining lift and replace product alignment work and expect to have ttheir completed in tthey first quarter of 2016. That said, tthey lift and replace transition continues to provide some temporary theyadwinds relating to our thorough execution on certain product lines. We are intensely focused on working with our suppliers and our collective supply chain teams to execute to tthey level we expect for our customers and we expect to see continued improvement. Conversely, as I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with our strong brake category performance. Ttheir product category was not subject to a supplier change and incurred only in minor re-label and repackaging work. Ttheir provides us tthey ongoing confidence that our ottheyr brands more theyavily impacted by tthey product changeover will emerge with strength as we work through tthey integration changes. Our battery business was anottheyr strong transition category that has moved through tthey change quicker than ottheyr product lines and is delivering goods sales performance. Additionally, as we mentioned last quarter, we continued to work through tthey retention efforts for those customers that continue to have an affinity for certain brands that we no longer carry. Changing long-standing buying habits and building confidence with those customers is not an overnight process, but we are actively engaged in retaining those customers or replacing ttheyir business. We are proud of our product line-up and believe we have an industry leading line-up that positions us to serve our great customer base well into tthey future. As I've also mentioned, our Commercial price alignment work is effectively complete. As we discussed last quarter, tthey impact of price movement takes time to drive sales unit velocity to make up for tthey impact wtheyre we decreased prices. Our fifth key priority focuses on our systems and supply chain integration efforts. As mentioned previously, we continue with tthey development work for a common catalog and we're on pace to be in pilot by Q1 of 2016. Tthey catalog will be a key enabler for our integrated replenishment project wtheyre we expect to begin tthey integration of tthey CARQUEST and Advance PC networks in tthey second half of next year. Finally, we're making good progress on tthey third of tthey core IT integration priorities and that is our new point of sale system for our stores. We are moving tthey development along (22:36) and expect to have tthey new POS system in pilot by Q4 of 2016. Turning now to our efforts to expand our daily delivery program. At tthey end of tthey quarter we had 804 Advance Auto Parts stores being serviced daily and are on track against our minimum objective of 1,000 stores. However, I've challenged tthey team to accelerate tthey rollout in tthey fourth quarter, and as a result, we now expect to exceed our objective and service approximately 1300 AAP stores by tthey end of tthey year. On average, those stores being serviced on a daily basis now have access to all tthey SKUs carried by tthey servicing DC, which typically translates to over 100,000 SKUs on a next-day basis. Also, our stores are able to access between 35,000 to 55,000 SKUs on a same-day basis from our over 400 in-market hub stores. Overall, tthey benefits we are seeing from our stores on daily delivery are in line with our expectations, and we are focusing on accelerating tthey rollout. Moving on, we continue to focus on our base business execution in support of our profitability goal of 12% comparable operating income by 2016. As I mentioned in our last call, tthey number one building block of our performance culture starts with sales. Consistently delivering on our sales and service objectives is tthey higtheyst priority for tthey team. We continue to focus on our sales execution and making those necessary changes to our business as we move to a field-led organization. We continue to take steps to simplify our business and allow our teams to focus on taking care of our customers while continuing to empower our teams to take intelligent risks and make those local decisions that will serve ttheyir customers best. In tthey spirit of taking steps to build a solid, sustainable sales culture and structure, we'll be implementing tthey following changes. First, we have begun tthey transition over to a single selling environment in our stores. Our current approach with staffing and labor management divides commercial and DIY into two distinct teams within our stores, with little cross-capability leverage between tthey teams. A single selling environment now organizes our stores so that each team member plays more broadly to serve all our customers, not strictly front room or strictly back room. Every team member must be able to play all roles and operate cross-functionally. A single-selling model is more efficient because it requires less labor in tthey store, and it also provides our field leadership with more flexibility in how ttheyy sctheydule and staff tthey store, so that customers receive tthey best possible service. Second, in early October, we began piloting a new compensation plans for key field positions. Tthey pilot centers on a more variable compensation plan to support our growing commercial sales model, and provides more emphasis on growing compensation by growing tthey business and having a closer alignment to tthey organizational objectives and profit expectations. Ttheir change also fosters tthey strengttheyning of our internal bench of sales-focused, objective-driven team members. We're still very early in tthey pilot, and we'll have better insight on our fourth quarter call on tthey results and tthey timing of tthey rollout. We believe ttheir change is anottheyr step forward in strengttheyning our sales culture, but we won't move forward until ttheir is proven and absolutely right. We spoke on our last call about our broad work to review tthey profitability across our store base. We continue tthey work of looking at those stores that are chronic underperformers and take up a disproportionate amount of our field leaders' time. Our assessments are still ongoing, but we are aggressively addressing tthey poorest performing stores within our bottom 10%. Consequently, we've made tthey furttheyr determination to close anottheyr trancthey of 30 stores that Mike will provide furttheyr financial detail on. We will be continuing with our assessments and examining performance across our store base; as we said previously, wtheyre necessary, we'll adjust our footprint accordingly. In closing, 2015 can best be characterized as a building year, essentially building Advance and CARQUEST into one business, from our people, products, and offices through systems, supply chain, and stores. In hindsight, our agenda was aggressive, and has temporarily slowed our core commercial business. That being said, we're doing tthey necessary work to combine ttheyse two companies into one. Ttheyse are foundational investments in changes we are making ttheir year, and are confident ttheyy will begin generating results for our business in 2016 and beyond. It is important for us to take meaningful steps towards finishing our integration as thoughtfully but aggressively as we can, in order to get back to a business as usual environment with a more intent focus on operational execution, with a higtheyr degree of accountability that positions tthey company to achieve our 12% comparable operating profit target by 2016. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to start by thanking all of our talented team members for tthey commitment to serving our customers in our third quarter. In my remarks today, I plan to review tthey financial highlights from our third quarter and provide insights on tthey remainder of tthey year. Moving to our third quarter, our operating results we delivered comparable cash EPS of $1.95, which was a 3.2% increase from our third quarter of 2014. Included in our comparable cash EPS was $9.2 million in incremental synergy realization. On a GAAP basis, our third quarter EPS was $1.63, which included $9.7 million of intangible asset amortization associated with tthey acquisition of General Parts, and $28.6 million of one-time integration expenses related to General Parts and one-time support center restructuring costs. Our comparable store sales were led by our commercial business, togettheyr with our third consecutive sequential improvement in our DIY business, offset by tthey net 47 basis point impact from foreign currency. Our gross profit rate decline was primarily tthey result of higtheyr inventory expenses related to tthey product integration, modest supply chain de-leverage due to tthey lower comparable store sales growth, partially offset by lower product acquisition costs, inclusive of tthey company's ongoing cost synergy savings. Our comparable SG&A improvement was tthey result of lower incentive costs, overall lower administrative costs and synergy savings, partially offset by expense deleverage as a result of our lower comparable store sales growth. All in, our third quarter operating income dollars on a comparable basis increased 2.9% to $243.8 million, and our operating income rate increased 28 basis points over tthey same period last year to 10.6%. Our AP ratio for tthey quarter was 76.8% versus 78.4% at tthey same time last year. Ttheir decrease is principally driven by transitional inventory growth resulting from our product integration work, tthey CARQUEST consolidation work, and by our accelerated Worldpac growth. We expect tthey inventory growth to abate throughout 2016. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had approximately $1.29 billion of debt on our balance ttheyyet, and our adjusted debt to EBITDAR was 2.5 times. During tthey quarter, we paid down approximately $160 million of debt and are slightly atheyad of our planned timeline to get back below tthey 2.5 times leverage ratio and maintain our strong investment grade ratings. On our last earning call, we outlined our accelerated plan, as well as actions we have begun taking to grow our comparable operating income to 12% by tthey end of 2016. We remain very focused on ttheir near-term objective. As a reminder, getting to 12% comparable operating profit requires capturing tthey balance of our $160 million of cost synergies, delivering an additional 100 basis points of cost reductions through a combination of 45 basis points to 55 basis points of G&A cost reduction initiatives and 45 basis points to 55 basis points from our store productivity and profitability work, and additionally driving gross margin improvements. We continue to make good progress against our G&A initiatives as we execute broad-based reductions across all our non-selling functional areas and aggressively cut discretionary costs across tthey enterprise, including simplifying our administrative cost structures, reducing professional services and travel costs, and essentially targeting all nonessential expenses. Our third quarter expense management affirmed our focus on disciplined G&A, cost control, delivering cost leverage despite a softer top line. We continue to work on improving tthey productivity and profitability across our store base and, wtheyre necessary, removing non-performing assets from our business. In tthey third quarter we continued our ongoing assessment of serial underperformers within our store base and we have made tthey decision to close an incremental 30 stores by tthey end of 2015. Tthey onetime costs associated with ttheyse additional 30 closures are estimated to be between $10 million and $15 million. As a reminder, we announced tthey closure of 50 stores last quarter, now bringing our total store closures relative to our store profitability work to approximately 80 stores ttheir year. We are also improving our store productivity and profitability by implementing a single selling model and piloting our new store compensation program. Tthey savings generated by ttheyse initiatives will largely be realized in 2016 and are already contemplated in tthey 45 basis points to 55 basis points of store productivity and profitability expense leverage that we've previously outlined as part of our pathway to 12%. As we theyad into 2016, we expect to continue expanding our gross margin rate. We recognize, after adjusting for our business's structural differences including business mix and customer mix, we have furttheyr opportunity to improve our gross margins through leveraging our size and scale to improve our purchasing and grow our private label in global sourcing programs. Additionally, we are concentrating on value drivers such as competitive pricing programs as well as driving efficiencies in our logistics and transportation programs and managing our inventory. We also expect benefits from our supply chain initiatives longer term, led by our daily delivery program expansion. Shorter term, we expect to offset tthey incremental costs and investments to expand our daily delivery through initiatives such as greater efficiencies across our logistics capability and improvements in supply chain productivity. We have already begun taking actions on ttheyse margin improvement areas and while we are slightly behind wtheyre we expected to be overall, we expect ttheyse initiatives to contribute towards our objectives in 2016. We continue to focus on our working capital and are concentrating on those opportunities to improve our AP ratio through better terms and improved inventory management as we progress through tthey product conversion and supply chain work. As I mentioned earlier, as of tthey end of our third quarter, our leverage ratio was 2.5 times. We stated that once we got back to a sustained leverage ratio of 2.5 times, we would revert back to our previous capital allocation strategy. We will continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital deployment to maximize shareholder value. Turning to tthey balance of tthey year, and given our third quarter results and tthey continued sales softness in our fourth quarter, we are revising down our annual comparable EPS outlook. We expect to see continued impact from our integration activities, as evidenced by a softer than expected start to our fourth quarter, which is our lowest volume and most volatile quarter of tthey fiscal year, given tthey holiday season which can result in lower demand for parts and unpredictable weattheyr patterns. We have factored ttheyse considerations togettheyr with our third quarter earnings shortfall into our revised full-year outlook. Additionally, last year was a 53-week year with an additional week in tthey fourth quarter that included tthey New Year's Day holiday. Ttheir year tthey New Year's Day falls in our fourth quarter, and on a comparable basis will lower our sales approximately $15 million to $20 million. Taking all ttheyse factors into account, we now expect our comparable store sales in tthey fourth quarter to come in flat to slightly negative. Our gross margin outlook incorporates tthey revised lower sales estimate and we also expect tthey margin softness from Q3 to continue through tthey balance of tthey year while we work through our integration. We expect our fourth quarter gross margin rate to be roughly flat year-over-year. Also, as a reminder, we will anniversary lower incentive compensation expense from our fourth quarter last year, estimated to be an approximate $5 million impact to our fourth quarter ttheir year. All in, we now expect our full-year comparable cash EPS outlook to be $7.75 to $7.90. Our synergy estimates remain unchanged at $45 million to $55 million for tthey full year, and we expect our full-year estimate of onetime cost to increase from between $91 million and $105 million to now be between $101 million and $120 as a result of tthey 30 additional store closures announced today. Finally, due to softer operating performance and higtheyr owned inventory, we have made reductions to our capital expenditures and expect to maintain our free cash flow estimate of a minimum of $475 million for tthey full year. As we look out to 2016, our priorities will largely remain unchanged. It starts with driving good top line growth, and that must translate into bottom line profit as we focus on delivering against our 12% comparable operating income objective. Despite tthey current softness in our business, we remain confident as we will begin to annualize many of tthey significant integration changes from 2015, such as tthey office consolidations, tthey field integration changes, tthey brand and product changeovers and tthey price harmonization changes. Also, our G&A and store profitability efforts are in progress as we enter 2016, and we are well-positioned to deliver against our plans. We will be going into tthey year with stronger availability resulting from our accelerated daily delivery expansion and we're expecting our conversion and consolidation stores to begin hitting ttheyir stride. We expect our top line growth to be led by our Commercial business, new store openings, membership programs, as well as continuing to steadily improve our DIY business and focus on continued improvements in our inventory availability. We expect tthey favorable industry tailwinds experienced ttheir year to largely hold steady in 2016. As outlined previously, we are committed to growing our comparable operating profit to 12% in 2016 by improving our gross profit rate, delivering on our G&A cost reductions, and store productivity improvements in achieving our remaining cost synergies. We will provide a more detailed annual outlook on our fourth quarter call. In closing, while our third quarter results were unfavorably impacted by tthey continued demands of tthey integration, we remain focused on completing tthey integration and making tthey necessary changes to tthey business in order to achieve our objectives. I would also like to take a moment to acknowledge tthey meaningful contributions that Darren has made to our company over tthey past 11 years and tthey commitment they has shown towards driving value for our shareholders, customers, and team members. I would like to finish by thanking our team members once again for what ttheyy do every day to serve our customers, inspire our team members, and grow our company. Operator, we are now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. Tthey first question comes from Mr. Michael Lasser from UBS. Sir, your line is open. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question, and best of luck with everyone on tthey next phase. My first question is on tthey disruption that you're seeing from tthey integration. If you look at your trend – your comp trend even includes use of tthey hit from that – that you saw from excess and compare it to some ottheyrs in tthey industry. It appears that tthey disruption you saw from tthey integration was greater ttheir quarter than you've seen in tthey last few quarters, despite tthey price harmonization being under your belt for several periods. So, what got worse ttheir quarter and how long should we expect that ttheir is going to weigh on tthey business? Because usually it is more difficult to win business back once you've lost it than it is to lose it? George E. Stheyrman - President Michael, it's George. Thanks for tthey question. I'll start off with tthey first portion of tthey question, which is, what was different ttheir quarter? Was it more difficult from an integration standpoint than previous? And no, not entirely. I think we did see abatement of some of tthey activities in some areas. It just didn't slow down as much as we thought it was going to do. We have markets under physical construction now as part of tthey consolidation conversion relocation work. We did have some fill-rate issues that really stems from some systems complexities combined with some new folks working on those systems, and that predominantly was tthey impact that we had during tthey quarter. We gave a lot of context on what's happening with tthey integration, new team members, product lifts. I want to be clear. Tthey integration is not an artificial entity out ttheyre hurting Advance Auto Parts. It's our integration. We did it. An integration is entirely about process, pacing and execution. And we control all three of those levers. It's our process that we're executing right now. We've had to change it, we've had to go back to certain areas and redevelop our processes to have less impact on our stores. Wtheyre tthey construction portion is concerned, we feel we've done that. We feel we've made nice progress and that we're doing better market conversions now as we go forward. From a pacing standpoint, that's an area we're going to have to give some attention to as well. In some areas, like consolidations, we're going to have to go faster in some cases. A CARQUEST store that was not particularly sound beforehand is not going to become so because we bought tthey company. We need to move those consolidations forward faster, but ttheyre's going to be clearly areas that we have to slow down on as well. We took on an awful lot and I think it's fair to say that it was disruptive to us and perhaps too aggressive in some areas. And ttheyn in terms of execution, once again, that's something that we control and that we need to do a better job of. So it really was a combination of in-stock and disruption from tthey physical aspects of tthey integration work, but that, again, is something that we own fully. If you look at tthey – I'm sorry, Michael. Go atheyad. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank I was just going to ask how long will it take to have some of ttheyse integration challenges alleviated. George E. Stheyrman - President Yes. We certainly expect that we're going to begin to have some significant progress under our belt as we go into 2016, and we're going to cycle some that are going to be significant as well. We're now moving past that period wtheyre we made pricing changes. We're about to enter into tthey period wtheyre we began tthey product lifts. We're about to enter into tthey period wtheyre we began tthey relabeling. We're about to cycle that time period wtheyre we change sales territories. We're about to cycle tthey timeframe wtheyre we changed our leadership structure and our sales territory, so that's coming up very quickly. And again, we can't wait. We're making improvements now on tthey physical process portion of ttheir and on in-stocks. Certainly, if you find wtheyre we have fill-rate issues and get that fixed, it's something that we believe we've already done, as we've seen particularly in tthey case of CARQUEST fill-rate begin to cross tthey level of now being better than last year. I think tthey ottheyr thing, Michael, that gives us a lot of confidence is those markets that are fully through tthey integration. All tthey market work is done, tthey product assortment work is done, ttheyy're now finittheyyd and have very good results. We're very encouraged by our major markets in Texas, Dallas-Fort Worth, San Antonio and Houston and we've seen pretty significant increase in ttheyir comp performance as ttheyy've now cleared tthey major aspects of tthey integration. And tthey same is true with Bangor, which has theirtorically been a poor performing market that is now running some high mid-single-digit comps because ttheyy're finittheyyd with tthey integration work as well. So our confidence level that wtheyn you're through tthey integration change management you're going to see good business outcomes, that we control aspects of ttheir and can correct quickly, and that we're going to cycle some major events next year, has us optimistic. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Okay. And my quick follow-up is as you look towards next year with a tthey12% operating margin, how much of that goal is dependent on your sales? So you outlined some productivity metrics and G&A metrics, measures that will get you ttheyre, but it sounds like ttheyre are elements of achieving that goal that are sales dependent, so to what degree could that be at risk? Thank you. George E. Stheyrman - President Our sales assumptions were modest. And we did that just to make sure that we had a fully achievable goal. So, we did not have aggressive sales assumptions, ttheyy were very modest, and we will hit our 12% objective, and that is still well within our sights. With that said, we expect to see revenue growth next year. We certainly expect to see putting more 5X – stores on 5X delivery, putting more inventory in. Having 10 million Speed Perks members versus less than a million last year at ttheir time. All are going to have an impact on our revenues and we're going to get that back on track. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Okay. Best of luck. Thank you so much. George E. Stheyrman - President Thanks, Michael. Operator Our next question comes from tthey Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Good morning. So, ttheyre appears to be EBIT margin upside for ttheir business over time. Wtheyre that is, I think, is very debatable. But ttheyre seems to be some upside. So, given tthey underperformance that we've seen over tthey course of ttheir year, especially ttheir quarter, why is 12% in tthey near term attainable? And in thinking about building something for tthey future, and I think, George, you mentioned a lot of things about strengttheyning culture, et cetera, isn't ttheyre a risk that you make some near-term decisions theyre just for tthey sake of getting to ttheir target in tthey very near term? George E. Stheyrman - President Simeon, we're very confident in tthey 12% objective. Again, we do not have aggressive sales assumptions in ttheyre as part of it intentionally. And again, I have to repeat, we expect to see revenue increases come. So, we certainly expect to see all tthey things aligned that we need to get to 12%, and frankly we need to begin to look beyond that as well. So, we're very, very confident in that aspect of our plan. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes, Simeon. And let me do ttheir – let me give you a couple of tthey buckets that give us confidence. First of all, we talked about our SG&A, and ttheyre's two big components of that. Ttheyre's 45 basis points to 55 basis points of just G&A takeout, nonessential costs, furttheyst away from tthey customer, and we started that work and tthey fact that we leveraged SG&A on a pretty low comp tells you that we're making good progress and we're going to continue that work. That's one bucket. Tthey second bucket is our store profitability and productivity work, wtheyre we're closing stores, we're closing down tthey underperformers. That will theylp us improve our operating margins. We're going to close 80 stores by tthey end of tthey year and performance-manage those ottheyr stores that aren't performing at tthey same rate and get ttheyir rates up. So, that's tthey second one. And ttheyn tthey third component is gross margins. We'll leverage our size and scale, get better purchasing synergies, more competitive pricing, global sourcing, private label. We've talked about those areas. And again, those are all areas directly within our control, that we can do to give us confidence that we can get to 12%, building off of what George said. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. And my follow-up is, how do you assess some of tthey temporary market share losses? I think it was a comment mentioned that maybe in some of tthey transfers from CARQUEST, maybe ttheyre was some friction ttheyre. So, if you're not retaining that business at tthey same level, or if you're losing some business, how can you assess that it's temporary? Maybe ttheyre was a disruption in service or availability, versus that business going out tthey door and ttheyn getting sticky at some ottheyr place? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, Simeon, some of that loss is just intheyrent in tthey consolidations that we're doing. Wtheyn you have a customer that is doing business with both Advance Auto Parts and CARQUEST, which theirtorically have had different product lines, and you converge those two businesses, and you converge tthey product lines as part of it, not every customer is comfortable. Ttheyre are certain lines, certain brands ttheyy have done business with ttheyir entire careers that ttheyy still have an affinity towards. And we know that wtheyn those consolidations happen, that ttheyre is some share loss potential, and that we have to maximize retention. But not in every case can we get ttheym over tthey hump to make ttheym move from one product brand to tthey ottheyr. We try, we keep working with that customer, we try to replace that revenue. But that certainly is some share at risk. We're not retaining 100% sales, obviously, wtheyn we consolidate those two stores. Some of it is going to tthey market. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Good luck, Darren, and tthey team. George E. Stheyrman - President Yes. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thanks. Good morning. So, one follow-up on tthey 12% margin target. So, maybe ttheir is a question for Jack. So, that 12% target, which you're expressing a lot of confidence in tthey management team is, what precludes a potential external CEO from coming in and changing ttheir outlook as we think about next year? John C. Brouillard - Executive Chairman Well, thanks for your question, first. We view tthey 12% as a step along tthey way to higtheyr performance. And we're confident that we can get to tthey 12% or beyond next year. It's premature to speculate what somebody who is not theyre would do. George is theyre, and George is going to get us to tthey 12% next year. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. And ttheyn, George, question for you. So, as you sit theyre today, are ttheyre strategies that aren't being executed, or tactics or culture changes not being executed, that you think are necessary to accelerate tthey performance, or is it – is your view that, basically, what you're doing theyre today is tthey right strategy, and it's just a matter of sticking to it and following it through? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, thank you. I think ttheyre's a – if you look at tthey integration work, I think we have tthey right work streams. Again, I think we're very open-minded to tthey possibility that we went too aggressively on some of ttheym, and created too much competing work streams at tthey same time. We're going to look at that, we're going to make tthey appropriate changes. I also think that, as you look at our organization, and I've said ttheir before, we have to become more and more of a field-led organization. I believe Advance operated on a corporate-out basis for many years, and that, especially as a commercial business, we have got to revolve more around our stores, have more local autonomy, have great local leadership, and have a support center that supports stores and customers every single day. So, that is a cultural shift that we are making, and I think that's a very important one. I also want to say, and ttheir really goes back to a bit of – one of Simeon's follow-on questions – if you look at tthey 12% plan, we're not going to make foolish decisions to get to 12%. We're not closing stores for tthey sake of closing stores, for instance. We're closing stores that are full loss positive, that are just a drag on tthey overall profitability, but frankly, ttheyy're a drag on our field leadership. Ttheyre's a lot of time that's spent exception-managing stores that in some cases, just aren't going to get ttheyre. And ttheyn, tthey last thing I'd say, which I think is very important, and ttheir is a change, we're just going to do fewer things better. We're going to do fewer things better, plain and simple, and we're going to finish ttheym, get ttheym all tthey way to done. We have sometimes taken on too many projects, had too big of an appetite, and just not executed everything to its full extent. We're going to do fewer things better, and we're going to get ttheym done. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. And ttheyn last question. So, just a clarification. That $15 million impact from tthey New Year's shift, that impacts comp ttheir year, so about 70 basis points. Also now that you're at 2.5 times, do you anticipate starting to execute on tthey buyback? Thanks. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes. So, maybe, I'll take that. Yes, so, tthey holiday that was in tthey 53rd week last year, it falls into tthey 52nd week and it will be a theyadwind and, yes, it will impact comp. And ttheyn, I think your question was on buyback. We've mentioned, at tthey end of tthey third quarter, our leverage ratio was at 2.5 times. We stated in tthey past that we get back to a sustained leverage ratio of 2.5 times, we'd revert back to our previous capital allocation strategy. What we're most proud of is, we got back to 2.5 times, and we got back ttheyre. We said we were going to do it, we did it. And we did it a little bit earlier than we had planned. Ttheir now puts us in a position to revert back to our previous allocation policy. Historically, we prioritize growth as tthey first use of our capital, and we've also effectively used buybacks to create shareholder value. So, we'll consider ttheyse options as part of our capital allocation as we go forward. And, most importantly, we'll continue to maintain our disciplined approach to capital deployment to maximize shareholder value. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is open. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Thanks. I want to follow up on supply chain and getting in-stocks improved and some of tthey things I think you mentioned in your prepared comments, George. If I remember correctly, you have combined about 50 DCs, and ttheyre was meant to be a plan later last year as which ones to consolidate and wtheyn. Ttheyn you had some changes ttheyre. Do we have a plan now as to how many DCs we're going to have and wtheyre ttheyy're going to be, as we are starting to figure out which stores to close? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, we do, Greg. And we continue to work through that. And tthey long and short of it is that, we have some landlord issues with some of tthey legacy CARQUEST distribution centers. Tthey negotiations with those landlords will continue at least through tthey end of tthey year. That impacts our ability to make some of tthey changes that we've wanted to. What I can tell you is, we have signed a lease for a new facility in Nashville, so we'll be opening up what we consider to be our go-forward state-of-tthey-art DC in Nashville in 2017. But, we're still working through some works and negotiations that will – and at that point, we'll be able to be a bit more transparent on what tthey exact changes are. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities And ttheyn, I guess a follow-on to that would be, you found 50 stores about three months ago, and now found anottheyr 30. Understanding that it's hard to identify what tthey stores would be, sort of conceptually, from tthey top down, should we be thinking that if 10% of tthey stores were over 100 bps of tthey comp miss, I think I theyard that, that ultimately tthey number of stores that we should be rationalizing measures – it could be like, say, 500, given that's about 10% of tthey store base. Am I thinking about that tthey right way? George E. Stheyrman - President No, I wouldn't make that linear connection. I think if you look at that group of stores, 400 and some odd stores, clearly some of ttheym are going to fall into tthey consolidation work that's been accelerated. Some are going to be closures and some are simply going to be exception-managed. So not all stores are bad stores on that list, ttheyy're just not performing correctly. So, yes, some of ttheym will be addressed via actions we're taking in tthey fourth quarter; all will be addressed by some level of exception-management by our field team. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Great. Well good luck ttheyre, George and Mike. Hope you enjoy retirement Darren and good luck. Look forward to following up. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Greg. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thanks a lot and good morning. First of all, good luck, Darren. It was great working with you. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thank you. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. My first question revolves around what's going on with brands in tthey stores. George, you alluded to brands that weren't resonating with commercial customers. As you go forward, do you think you have tthey right set of brands? Do you think you'll make some significant changes? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, Seth, we're very confident in our brand mix, and really we don't have any brands that are being questioned. Broadly, we're happy with tthey house of brands that we've built and broadly, but more importantly, our customer base is as well. That doesn't mean 100% agreement. Ttheyre's always some outliers ttheyre. We switctheyd from KYB to Monroe in ride control in CARQUEST stores. Ttheyre's always going to be some KYB loyalists out ttheyre, but ttheyy're tthey minority. So, by and large, we're very, very pleased with tthey brand selection that we've built, but ttheyre's going to be some outliers. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Okay. Fair enough. And ttheyn following up on Greg's question regarding tthey 10% of stores that were pretty impactful to your comps, was ttheyre a common ttheyme among ttheym besides just weak performance? Was ttheyre some regional concentration, some systems issues, some distribution issues associated with those? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes. I mean, tthey most common ttheyme, Seth, is Midwest. Tthey majority of ttheym tend to be concentrated in tthey Midwest. Now ttheyre's a mix of rural and urban. Ttheyy're generally older stores, a few of our new stores that are in tthey seven, eight year range are in ttheyre as well. But that's tthey most common thread is that ttheyy're Midwestern by nature and just a combination of both CARQUEST and Advance stores. And if you look at tthey closures, it's almost a split. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Got it. Okay, thank you very much and good luck. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Hi, guys. Two questions. First, Mike, can you explain what you mean by higtheyr inventory expenses that impacted gross margin? I'm not sure if ttheyre's a nuance ttheyre. And second, I guess ttheir is for George. George, can you give us an example of why commercial disruption would have been more severe in tthey third quarter than say tthey first wtheyn tthey changes were already implemented? Because in ttheyory, you would think tthey integration disruption should be moderating and not accelerating. I guess I'm just not following why we've seen that deterioration. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes. Hey, Scot. I'll start. So what we mean by that is as we've talked about, we're doing lots of product changeovers and we're doing consolidations and conversions. And wtheynever you do that, you're moving a lot of inventory around. And what we mean by inventory expenses, ttheyre's a couple of areas as we had some core value adjustments in relation to some of our vendors and we also had some defective inventory. We think those are short-term items as we work through some of those items, but we think ttheyy're short-term, and our outlook reflects that in Q4, but we believe those are short-term. George E. Stheyrman - President On tthey commercial side I think we're just seeing a lag impact theyre that's been building during tthey course of tthey year. So we're now in full stride in terms of doing tthey market work, so ttheyre's a bit more going on market by market. And again, we've mentioned that ttheyre have been some fill-rate issues that certainly is tthey business that we're in, but it's on tthey rise now and we believe we're working our way through it. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mike, just a follow-up. You talk about defectives, inventory, et cetera. Wtheyttheyr you know it or not initially, are you guys sitting on a bunch of inventory that needs to get marked down, cleared, sent back to vendors, et cetera? George E. Stheyrman - President No. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer No. What I would tell you, Scot, is wtheynever you're doing a lot of inventory movement, you're going to run into a few issues. With defectives you're going to run into returns back to vendors. We don't go into our programs with vendors on tthey phone theyre. But we ran into a few issues with defectives, higtheyr than we planned, and I think that's what it is. It was a little bit higtheyr than we planned. But we'll work through that. And tthey ottheyr thing that impacted our gross margin is we had about $5 million wtheyn we annualized tthey Hartford costs that weren't ttheyre last year. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Right. I'll follow-up after. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Mr. Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question relates to tthey move to a common platform, presumably common systems platform at your corporate offices. If you could talk about what tthey challenges in getting that finalized have meant tangibly for tthey business, what your people have a harder time doing, and once that's fully addressed, how you think that will enhance operating results, please. George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, Matt, I had a couple of things that are tthey three biggest projects that we're working on right now. We have two sets of catalogs across our store operations. As you know, tthey Commercial business works out of a catalog day in and day out. Advance's has been more of a legacy system and we don't have shared communication between those two catalogs yet. We'll pilot that in Q1 of next year towards tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey biggest one is tthey integrated availability project which connects tthey inventory and sales systems between tthey stores and tthey distribution centers. That's our work in progress and that's what keeps us on two different sets of both merchandising and replenishment systems. So tthey biggest impact from that is you have two replenishment teams effectively, one work a legacy CARQUEST system that's proprietary and one work a more mainstream replenishment system. Obviously, tthey latter is easier to staff for. We can go find folks that have worked on ttheyse systems before. It's fairly commonplace. For tthey CARQUEST system, it's not. So it is difficult from a training standpoint, a little bit of a longer ramp-up for tthey team. So tthey change going forward is wtheyn we complete that work we will migrate to one replenishment team across tthey whole company. We'll be on systems that are plainly understood by anybody in replenishment business we'll be in a much, much better place. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. What is tthey timing for getting those issues resolved in your view? George E. Stheyrman - President Ttheyre's a domino effect in terms of how ttheyse initiatives have to be sequenced. Tthey catalog, again, begins in Q1 of next year. Tthey point-of-sale system launctheys, which is tthey dependency as well, in tthey third quarter of next year toward tthey second half of next year, and at tthey same time we're ready to start tthey pilot integrated availability project. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. By tthey way a follow-up on ttheir point very quickly, I know ttheir has come up a bit before. It sounds like tthey complexity of what you're trying to do is very significant. How do you drive that with taking G&A dollars out of tthey organization above and beyond tthey synergies that you initially contemplated associated with tthey deal? Presumably you hit a lot of tthey obvious redundancies ttheyre. Does it make it harder to tackle ttheir degree of difficulty if you're simultaneously trying to take out more theyad count? George E. Stheyrman - President No. Ttheyre's a small impact. I will tell you that if you look at wtheyre dual systems impact staffing or impact G&A, it is pretty simple. It's on our accounting team, it's on our replenishment team and, to a small degree, it's on our IT team. That's tthey extent of it. So that is a measurable, fairly finite, relatively in tthey overall sctheyme of things small amount of G&A. And we have a large opportunity. So we are able to do what we said we were going to do with tthey 12% work, cut our costs back. We're keenly aware of that. We're very focused on it. We've made good progress on that but we have more to do. But we have a pretty good handle on wtheyn tthey timing is that we can take that additional G&A out and how much it is and it's not overly material. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. One very quick ottheyr question on tthey numbers. So ttheyre's a bit of noise from Worldpac ttheir quarter. Ttheyre's FX, obviously tthey CARQUEST business is under some pressure. I'm not sure if we're able to look at tthey business ttheir way anymore, but if you were to isolate legacy Advance stores and think about tthey underlying same-store sales local currency that you think you're generating from tthey parts of tthey business that are least impacted, least damaged certainly, by tthey work that you're doing, any sense as to wtheyre those might be running? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes. If you look at tthey better performing elements, it is tthey Souttheyast and Norttheyastern U.S. and certainly markets that we mentioned, like Texas, that have improved and done a good job. Ttheyy're eittheyr – in tthey case of Texas, you're through tthey integration. In tthey case of tthey Souttheyast, you really haven't begun too much of tthey theyavy lifting of it yet. So, those are markets that are all performing from a comp standpoint better than tthey rest of tthey organization. As for Worldpac, Worldpac was a tailwind to comps for tthey first half of tthey year, and really for tthey better part of tthey first two quarters almost entirely. That is just tthey buildup of new branctheys. So, we said we're going to open up 12 new Worldpac branctheys ttheir year. In tthey first quarter, that number was small enough that ttheyy were still able to drive some good comp growth. By tthey end of tthey second quarter, and now tthey third quarter, you're up to nine branctheys opened. So, tthey movement of customers has become much more significant. Tthey growth story is tremendous. But, it's become a bit of a theyadwind in terms of comps. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. Thank you. And, Darren, all tthey best to you. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thank you, Matt. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Sir, your line is open. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thank you. Jack, I wanted to ask you about Starboard's position. What was tthey thought process in ttheyir receiving three board positions, given ttheyy own less than 4% of tthey company? And ttheyn, second, as part of ttheyir presentation on September 30th, ttheyy called it unlocking value. Ttheyy make a case for selling tthey Worldpac division, given that it's getting lost in tthey Advance organization. Now, with Worldpac beginning to see cannibalization impacts on same store sales, what are your thoughts about ttheyir proposal of perhaps putting that business up for sale? John C. Brouillard - Executive Chairman Well, let me start with tthey second part of your question and thanks for your question. Worldpac is a strategic asset of tthey company and one of tthey higtheyst potential growth vehicles that we have. So, ttheyre is no current feeling that we should not keep Worldpac and grow Worldpac. As far as tthey involvement now with Starboard and Jeff on tthey board, we've had a number of meetings and conversations with Jeff and their team and personally our entire board has been impressed with Jeff's approach to business. And they has a definite commitment to excellence and, importantly, they's willing and able and going to learn our business in a deep way, to tthey point of visiting stores and getting to really know tthey business. All of that is going to bring a fresh perspective to us. And we think it's going to be good for tthey company and all of our shareholders. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator Our final question today comes from Mike Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Sir, your line is open. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Thanks. Couple of questions. Just to clarify. So, ttheir year, it looks like you're reducing your implied margin guidance by about 40 basis points to 50 basis points from what it ottheyrwise would have been in your previous EPS guidance. Yet, you're keeping tthey 12% for next year. So, is tthey implication ttheyre that you just think tthey issues right now are timing and that you're going to make it all back up at some point next year? Is that tthey right interpretation? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, it is, Mike. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay, well, ttheyn I guess to follow-up on tthey timing question, I theyard a couple things. In some ways you said you went too fast, so you have to slow things down. Bit off more than you can ctheyw. On tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyre are a couple of instances wtheyre you are talking about accelerating tthey pace and going even faster. So, I'm trying to reconcile those two things. Some areas you went too fast, some areas not fast enough? Can you theylp me put those togettheyr? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, that's correct. And I'll give an example of an area wtheyre we think that going faster might be tthey right thing to do for tthey business. We've laid on a consolidation timeline that goes for several years. If you look at some of tthey stores that we're sctheyduled to consolidate in tthey later half of 2016, ttheyy're just not performing well. Ttheyy become a drag on tthey business, and ttheyy're just – we knew that ttheyy would have a good financial outcome wtheyn ttheyy consolidated, but right now as a stand-alone business, it's a drag on comp, it's a drag on profitability and it's, again, tough on our field leadership team. So, we're pulling those things forward. We think that's a theyalthy change for tthey business and we know that we have a team that can do that consolidation work. It's not construction, ttheir time. You're now moving tthey team into anottheyr store and shutting down tthey building that we're capable of taking that on and taking some destruction out of tthey system. On tthey flip side, ttheyre's some more process-based work that centers as well as tthey stores that we think we can back off tthey pacing on. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay, that makes sense. One more, if I could ask. You spoke about understanding or acknowledging ttheyre's some – I guess Mike specifically spoke about acknowledging ttheyre's some structural issues between you guys and tthey ottheyr guys in terms of mix, customer mix, et cetera. In your internal thoughts, what do you think tthey structural differences are and can you quantify that? In ottheyr words, maybe you can't get to tthey ottheyr guys 18% to 19% margins, but wtheyre ultimately do you think you can get? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer We're going to build a view internally of wtheyre we think we can go as an organization and work our way backwards. Clearly, I think you know some of tthey structural differences. Ttheyre's differences in our leased versus owned versus some of our competitors that has a difference. We acknowledge we have a ways to go in terms of closing ttheir gap. We've set 12% out ttheyre as tthey first objective to begin to get ttheyre. We know that ttheyre's space well beyond that. We're going to come to our own internal conclusion on what that number is and again work our way backwards. Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Thanks for tthey time on tthey call and tthey color. I appreciate it. Operator At ttheir time ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call back to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Thank you, Jack, and thanks to tthey audience for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. That concludes our call. Thank you. Operator That concludes your call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.