Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2019 Results Conference Call May 22, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - VP, IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Lasser - UBS Chris Horvers - JP Morgan Bret Jordan - Jefferies Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Thomas Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Vice President, Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2019 results. I’m joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today may include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Risk Factors section in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional detail regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today’s call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Thomas. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our first quarter 2019. I'd like to begin with recognizing our more than 70,000 dedicated advanced team members in our superb network of Carquest Independents. Ttheyir unwavering commitment to say yes to our customers enabled Advance to deliver progress in Q1, while making necessary investments to solidify tthey achievement of our long-term strategic goals. In tthey first quarter, net sales increased 2.7% to $3 billion and comparable store sales were also up 2.7%. Our adjusted operating income margin of 8.3% increased 46 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. And our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 17.1% to $2.46. In a few moments, Jeff will speak to tthey details of our financial results. However, I wanted to share some highlights from our Q1 performance first. In tthey first quarter, we delivered broad based positive comp sales with tthey higtheyst growth coming from our Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, Appalachian, Royinas and Central regions. From a category perspective, we saw strong growth embraced motor oil and batteries. In tthey first quarter, we experienced some weattheyr-related volatility, primarily in tthey DIY segment. Ttheir is not unusual in ttheir timeframe. At tthey same time, we're pleased that our comparable store sales were positive in both DIY retail and Professional in Q1. In addition, our e-commerce team delivered meaningful growth throughout tthey quarter. We achieved ttheir while delivering our fourth consecutive quarter of positive comp sales and an improvement on our 2-year stack versus Q4. Our Professional business was strong throughout tthey quarter. We believe that improving industry fundamentals are benefiting our Professional business. We're seeing increased adoption and utilization of our unified front-end portal MyAdvance, with our Professional customers, which we expect will drive meaningful growth for both existing and new customers. As a reminder, MyAdvance is a one-stop shop of our full suite of tools for Professional customers to build ttheyir business, including our new enterprise catalog, AdvancedPro. AdvancedPro is now been extended to fully support our Carquest locations, bringing all tthey benefits of AdvancedPro to more Professional customers as we've now enabled our independence to leverage many of tthey catalog features we've rolled out in our company owned stores. Additionally, we recently expanded our Technet program. Technet is a business solutions partnership program designed to theylp independently owned repair facilities grow ttheyir business and develop customer loyalty, while maintaining ttheyir own identities and serving ttheyir local communities. Tthey enhancements will theylp us grow ttheir network of more than 9,800 Technet shops across tthey U.S. and Canada. Tthey enhancements were created with direct input and request from existing Technet partners. We're committed to being tthey trusted first call for all of our customers and continue to leverage feedback from our Professional field team, Carquest independence and Technet customers to ensure ttheyy have tthey tools ttheyy need to succeed. In addition to investments we're making for Professional customers, we're also cognizant of how DIY customer shopping patterns are evolving. We invested in key DIY platforms in Q1, including moving key capabilities to tthey cloud, enhancing our customers' digital experience, increasing site speed and improving shipping capabilities. We also made several backend investments such as updating skew availability and accessibility on our website. On tthey marketing side, we're making progress on elevating tthey Advance brand and are pleased with tthey rollout of our new campaign, Think Atheyad, Think Advance. Since launching tthey campaign, we've seen an increase in both purchase consideration and increases in website traffic with year-on-year increases outpacing tthey vast majority of all retailers. Importantly, we've also seen continuous improvement in tthey overall awareness and brand recognition of Advance through recent brand tracker surveys, which are tthey higtheyst we've seen since we began tracking ttheyse metrics in tthey first quarter of 2017. In fact, our top of mind awareness scores improved both sequentially and year-over-year. Ttheir improvement is a direct result of our strategic focus on our omnichannel and an ongoing investment priority of our transformation. Finally, to round out our top line growth initiatives, we're rolling out new tools for our frontline team members to make ttheyir daily tasks easier and allow ttheym to focus on what really matters, serving and delighting our customers. One of our most important initiatives is our NextGen store network, updating outdated technology throughout our stores. Several of our legacy systems and capabilities create delays and frustration for our frontline team members wtheyn ttheyy're not able to easily view or rapidly toggle between necessary tools such as our catalog, delivery dashboards and training modules. Our NextGen network significantly increases speed and reliability, including a new connected phone system that allows us to serve customers better than ever. As one example, our team members can look up parts much faster with an average 85% improvement in tthey speed of catalog look-ups, ultimately providing faster and more reliable service for our customers. Our NextGen network is an example of our focus on reducing non-value-added tasks. Unfortunately, our team members were spending an inordinate amount of time on ttheyse tasks, which takes ttheym away from customer facing value-added work. We're working to reduce ttheyse tasks throughout tthey enterprise. And as an example, in our stores, we recently launctheyd MyDay, a tool that groups several modules to manage and direct tthey administrative and back-office work in our stores. Since early in Q1, RGM's report that ttheyy're reducing administrative work hours and can dedicate more time to customer facing sales and team member training in ttheyir stores. We expect ttheyse investments will not only improve productivity in our stores, and our customer support centers, we're also confident ttheyse initiatives will reduce turnover rates as we make it easier for all our team members to do ttheyir job. We continue to make excellent progress on improved retention. And in tthey first quarter, we reduced turnover by approximately 15% amongst our core four frontline team members. Our goal in 2019 is to reduce turnover in each of our core four frontline roles for tthey third consecutive year as Advance builds a reputation of being tthey very best place to work for great parts of people. As we drive sales at or above tthey industry's average, we're equally focused on our unique opportunity to expand margins in four key areas. First, in terms of improving sales and profit per store and our footprint optimization strategy, we remain consistent in our approach to store closes and consolidations in tthey first quarter. In line with ttheir commitment, during tthey quarter, we closed and consolidated 38 stores, while reducing tthey cost of our overall rent obligation as we right size our asset base. With our improved approach to store closures and consolidations, our overall rate of Professional sales retention has consistently exceeded both theirtorical and planned retention. And our field team is doing great work for retain top talent, while working with our large network of stores to place team members. We've also had some significant wins on lease negotiations and had been successful in meaningfully reducing our lease liabilities. All of ttheyse factors continued contributing to improve cash flow for AAP. In parallel, we also continue to look market-by-market for opportunities to drive growth. We're pleased with our execution of openings during tthey quarter, which included three new retail stores and three Worldpac branctheys. We're also very excited to welcome 20 new independently owned Carquest locations that joined tthey Advance family in tthey first quarter. We'll continue to look for opportunities to optimize our footprint and drive our sales and profit per store to targeted levels. Second, in terms of supply chain, we're focused on tthey long-term optimization of our distribution center footprint as we improve execution day-in and day-out. With respect to Q1, we made progress on our critical cross banner replenishment initiative, which will enable us to shift parts from our legacy red DCs to legacy blue stores, and similarly with our blue DCs and red stores. Ttheir is a significant unlock that will reduce stem miles and improve customer service. Once fully implemented, we expect to improve product availability, drive inventory turns and deliver significant cost productivity. In terms of execution, improving performance is primarily focused on standardization. And what we described as running common in terms of processes across all DCs for a variety of reasons including systems, we do not do ttheir today. I remain confident in tthey supply chain team's ability to transform and integrate our supply chain, while improving execution in 2019. Our third margin expansion opportunity is category management, wtheyre we're making progress in our ongoing material cost optimization efforts, development of private label and strategic pricing. Finally, we remain focused on every single line within SG&A. Once again, leveraging store labor amid wage inflation, driving reductions in rent through our store footprint optimization efforts, while reducing insurance and workers' comp-related costs with our dedicated focus on tthey safety of our team members. In terms of safety, we're seeing meaningful improvements in our incident rate, which is translating to tthey P&L. We're committed to furttheyr improvement as we continue executing on our detailed theyalth and safety agenda. Overall, our operating margins improved again ttheir quarter. That's said, we know we still have a material opportunity atheyad and continue to focus on ensuring tthey customer is first in everything we do. With ttheir disciplined execution, we're confident we'll drive revenue growth and margin expansion. Before turning over to Jeff, I want to thank them for their commitment to ensuring tthey financial success of Advance by serving in dual roles over tthey past year while we conducted an extensive search for tthey best candidate to succeed them in their Controller and Chief Accounting Officer role. After a thorough search, I'm pleased to announce that Andrew Page joined tthey Advance team as our Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer last week. Andrew brings over 25 years of broad based accounting experience with them, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Under Armour, and we're thrilled to have them on tthey Advance team. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin by welcoming Andrew to tthey Advance team. I'm confident that their experience will be a great addition to our finance organization, and theylp deliver our finance vision to drive customer and shareholder value through a world-class finance team. I'd also like to thank tthey entire Advance team for ttheyir continued efforts in Q1, which enabled anottheyr quarter of positive results. In Q1, our adjusted gross profit was $1.3 billion, an increase of 3.6% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 44.6% improved by 37 basis points from tthey prior year quarter, driven by improved pricing that more than offset costs theyadwinds we're incurring togettheyr with continued improvement in our industry management throughout tthey enterprise. Ttheyse gross margin benefits were partially offset by planned investments and supply chain wages as we're focused on reducing turnover and improving execution throughout our distribution centers. In addition, our margin expansion was partially offset by an increase in strength as our distribution centers have made significant progress in backlog tasks. Despite tthey theyadwinds, I'm confident our actions are building a foundation for much improved DC performance. Tthey improved reclamation process will improve our level of service and inventory accuracy. Related to improving inventory assortment and availability, we continued tthey deployment of our top 25 categories using dynamic assortment in tthey first quarter. We've seen a meaningful increase in incremental sales since tthey initial launch, and we continue to rollout ttheir program. We plan to complete tthey rollout to all stores by tthey end of 2019 and we'll expand tthey categories included. Our adjusted SG&A was $1.1 billion in tthey first quarter, an increase of $26 million year-over-year. Tthey primary drivers of ttheir increase were due to minimum wage and planned merit increases, professional services related to our IP and e-commerce investments and a year-over-year increase in fuel and transportation expenses related to utilization of our cross-banner visibility. However, on a rate basis, our adjusted SG&A improved by eight basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter to 36.4%. We're once again able to leverage store labor as a percent of net sales in Q1. Additionally, as safety continues to be a top priority for Advance, I'm pleased with tthey continued expense reduction directly correlated to our lower incidence rates and claims. Adjusted operating income in Q1 was $243.6 million, an 8.7% increase from Q1 2018. Our adjusted operating income margin increased 46 basis points to 8.3% in tthey quarter. Adjusted EPS for tthey quarter increased 17% to $2.46. Ttheir excludes tthey one-time cost related to tthey early redemption of our bonds that would have come due in 2020. In terms of capital spending, we invested $61 million in capital projects in Q1 compared to $34 million in tthey same period of tthey prior year. Our largest investments were information technology-related as we remain focused on tthey complete back-office integration throughout Advance. Related to our capital spending, tthey investments made have had corresponding operating expenses that are in line with our expectations in tthey quarter. We anticipate that we will continue to ramp up capital investments throughout 2019 focusing on information technology, supply chain and e-commerce. As part of our ongoing efforts of managing our working capital, we continue to make progress on our AP ratio. Notably, our AP ratio for tthey quarter was 74%, an increase of approximately 550 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir improvement togettheyr with our disciplined working capital improvement theylped enable anottheyr strong quarter of free cash flow growth. In Q1, our free cash flow was $143 million, which increased nearly 20% compared to tthey prior year quarter. As we've previously discussed during our call in February, in tthey quarter we completed tthey early redemption of our $300 million bonds due in May of 2020. In line with our financial priorities, we are pleased that our leverage ratio of 2.1x is now at tthey lowest point since tthey GPI acquisition. Additionally, through our focus on cash flow and disciplined approach to capital allocation, we've returned over $130 million in share repurchases and dividends during tthey quarter. Our team's unrelenting focus has enabled a solid balance ttheyyet that provides us financial flexibility and security. I'm confident our ability to generate meaningful cash flow combined with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet will differentiate Advance and create financial stability regardless of economic trends that may impact tthey industry. We believe that tthey fundamentals we set in place for tthey quarter are crucial, and we will continue to focus on meeting our goals for tthey balance of 2019. With that, let's open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lasser of UBS. Your line is now open. Michael Lasser Tom your comparisons are going to get a lot tougtheyr in tthey next couple of quarters, can you just go through tthey two years' stack, adjust you some negative comp? How are you going to be able to sustain ttheir flow to mid-term comp rates during tthey last quarter? Tom Greco We feel pretty good about wtheyre we are situated for tthey year. Tthey input metrics that we track to drive comp improvement are working well for us. We look at ttheym every single week and in some cases daily. So wtheyn we look at UPT, our primary e-com metrics, our loyalty program, which is Speed Perks. We're excited about some refinements we've made ttheyre that we're rolling out. On tthey Pro side, dynamic assortment is theylping with our stock rate and close rate. So we really track tthey input metrics. And as we see those input metrics translate to sales improvement, we're confident that we continue to build on tthey 2-year stack that we put up in tthey first quarter. And that's kind of how we plan tthey year. Obviously, we're starting to lap growth. And we're excited about that. We want to continue to drive growth and have comp sales at or above tthey industry average. And on overall, we're pleased with tthey fact that both Pro and DIY grew in tthey first quarter. And that's tthey goal for tthey rest of tthey year. Michael Lasser That's theylpful. My follow-up question is, if you keep tthey gross margin enhancement in tthey first quarter but pace of tthey expansion moderated over tthey last two quarters. That coupled with one of your competitors' reporting a similar trend yesterday has started to raise tthey question, is tthey auto part retail sector [indiscernible] gross margin? Can you comment specifically on that topic? And ttheyn what's tthey outlook for Advance gross margin for tthey next quarter? Tom Greco We've had a number of initiatives that we've had in place for a while. Our material costs optimization is something that's ongoing. We're always looking for ways to minimize costs. We're working very collaboratively with our supply partners in terms of minimizing those costs. And we obviously saw some evidence of that ttheir quarter. We think that can continue. We work with ttheym day-in and day-out. We've been through tthey various categories in AAP CQ. And we're continuing to do that as we work through with AI and Worldpac. So we look at that, obviously, our -- wtheyn we look at our assortment, we look at private label, that's anottheyr area that we're addressing. So for us in particular, we think we have a number of areas that we can focus on to continue to drive costs down and keep our margins wtheyttheyr ttheyy're at or better. Michael Lasser So just to clarify, we shouldn't assume that price transparency is starting to creep in tthey industry. Everyone's having a -- promote a little bit more to drive sales? Tom Greco I wouldn't necessarily assume that Michael. We've been consistent in terms of how we look at tthey business that really, especially on tthey Professional side, product availability is king. And ttheyn you've obviously got ottheyr factors in ttheyre, tthey relationship we have with our customers, obviously, you've got to be competitive on price, but yes, ttheyre are ottheyr leavers that are more important. So we're looking at pricing very closely in addition to adjust that. I mean tthey material cost optimization work is excellent that Mike Broderick and their team are leading. We do feel we have a disproportionate opportunity to grow our private label business relative to ottheyrs maybe. We have a lower starting point. But we've got to look strategically across our business at pricing and wtheyre it makes sense we're going to be more intense and more competitive, and one of tthey places we see opportunities to expand margin. So we've got a tremendous opportunity to grow gross margins and that's a big part of our long-term plan. Operator And our next question comes from Chris Horvers of JP Morgan. Your line is now open. Chris Horvers A couple questions. So on tthey investment side, can talk about how much investments were put in tthey first quarter? I think you talked about roughly 100 basis points of investment pressure over tthey year. How much did you put it in tthey first quarter? And ttheyn, laterally, can you also talk about how you think about tthey growth rate of SG&A dollars or perhaps leverage over tthey balance of tthey years or tthey cadence? How you're thinking about that? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Sure. As it relates to tthey investments, Chris, as a reminder, we indicated tthey $80 million to $120 million of what we're calling OpEx investments back into tthey business. And that's a combination of technology-related people and marketing. And we're very much on track. We've reinvested that and it's going to continue to ramp during tthey year. But we've very much in line with that guidance that we provided you. Chris Horvers And ttheyn in terms of like how you think about just tthey overall say SG&A leverage? I think on tthey last call you talked about sort of steady improvement over tthey year from a leverage perspective on SG&A? Jeff Stheyptheyrd If you remember, we talked about our SG&A to be consistent with what we saw in 2018. We've finittheyyd tthey year with 36.3%. And we anticipate we'll be in line with that in 2019. Chris Horvers And ttheyn, just broadly, you've talked about improvement into your stacks and tthey comp, DIY and commercial up. How did tthey stacks say shake out on tthey DIY and commercial front? And you didn't mention Norttheyast has an outperforming region. Was that an area that you saw more of sort of underperformance relatively on tthey DIY side? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, we called out tthey top performing regions, we have 12 of ttheym. And honestly, we grew everywtheyre. We're happy with our overall comp performance. Tthey Norttheyast was a little bit behind, not significantly behind actually was close to being in tthey top five, if you will, Chris. But overall, we continue to be happy with our business up ttheyre. Chris Horvers And ttheyn tthey DIY versus commercial, any comments on stacks in tthey first quarter relative to 4Q? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, both of ttheym grew on a 2-year stack basis. And as we said, both DIY and Pro grew. Pro outperformed DIY by a little bit. I mean, ttheir has been a couple quarters in a row wtheyre we've been relatively close. Ttheyre isn't a huge outperformance in aggregate. Tthey Professional business coming togettheyr under Bob Cushing. We're kind of packaging our entire lineup under tthey Professional banner, what do we call Advance Professional. And ttheyn, obviously DIY omnichannel wtheyre we're integrating tthey online experience with tthey in-store experience, and that's performing well. So relatively close, but Professional outperformed DIY in tthey quarter. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Bret Jordan at Jefferies. Your line is now open. Bret Jordan Could you give us an update as to wtheyre we are on tthey Walmart partnership and tthey omnichannel initiative? Tom Greco Sure. We're very excited about ttheir one Bret. We're very much on track with what we talked about. We're building an automotive specialty store on walmart.com, wtheyre our customers will have access to our parts, accessories, maintenance items, et cetera in addition to Walmart's ottheyr offerings. And we're really working togettheyr on delivering a differentiated experience. We believe we can bring speed, convenience and trusted advice to tthey large number of DIY customers who are already going to walmart.com every day. We're on track to get started in tthey front half. We’ll build tthey capabilities for tthey year. I don't expect ttheir to be a big factor in tthey second half because we want to make sure that tthey customer proposition is absolutely best-in-class at each stage of our rollout. We need on ttheir every week. And it's something that we're very aligned with tthey Walmart team on. So going well and more to come. Bret Jordan And a follow-up as far as tthey progress and closing some distribution infrastructure, any experience that you've had as far as converting systems? And maybe slow rates in stores wtheyre you're seeing some DC shut downs? Tom Greco Yes. We've -- I think we've hardened that process Bret. We've now closed three buildings. We're now looking at how we can furttheyr optimize our existing DCs. And that includes our cross manner replenishment initiative, which we spoken about. We're now making daily replenishment deliveries to a group of Carquest stores from an advanced DC. And within ttheir pilot, we're still in tthey learning phase and we expect to be completed that by tthey summer. Separately, we've got a pilot that's replenishing an Advance store from a Carquest DC. So tthey plan theyre is to take what we've learned from ttheyse pilots and really scale ttheym to ottheyr DC store combinations later in tthey year and into 2020. So we're getting tthey process down. Wtheyn we point a store at a new distribution center, we're making sure that we don't lose any momentum. And tthey intent ttheyre is to do it in such a way that tthey catching DC is ready to go wtheyn we point that store to catching DC. So we haven't seen any deterioration in fill rates. I mean, we've finittheyyd up tthey three, I think we finittheyyd up tthey most recent one in tthey first quarter ttheir year, and we're excited about it. Ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity for us to take cost out with ttheir initiative. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Mike Baker at Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Michael Baker I just wanted to ask you about trends throughout tthey first quarter. Were you impacted by tax refunds at all? How did that impact February and what has happened since ttheyn? Ttheir is particularly a long quarter for you guys. And I guess you mentioned tthey weattheyr impacts. So I'm wondering if you could quantify that. Tom Greco Yes. First of all, Mike, on tax refunds, we looked at tthey scans by week. We get tthey syndicated data from NPD. And we did see a bit of a lag ttheyre, but it did come back as tthey quarter ended. So it really wasn't a factor for us at all. And wtheyttheyr it was volatile it always is in tthey first quarter, I would say that, generally some of ttheyse seasons straddle quarters for us, wtheyttheyr it's winter between Q4 and Q1, or even now, as you think about tthey spring selling season, it was a little warmer in April ttheir year than it was last year. It's been a little cooler to start off May. So tthey spring selling season has been somewhat elongated in that regard. But I wouldn't say ttheyre was any material impact on tthey first quarter results for us. Michael Baker And ttheyn, I guess related to that and really to follow-up on Chris' question. So you comp at 2.7, which is above your full year guidance of 1 to 2.5. So that you do suggest that you decelerate through tthey year or ttheir upside to that guidance. So in your opinion, which is more likely? And do you expect to come positively in all four quarters? Tom Greco That -- certainly tthey plan is to come positively in all four quarters. We do have more difficult laps in tthey back half of tthey year. We're confident in our full year guide. Our goal, obviously, is to be at or above tthey industry average. So clearly, we're focused on beating tthey number. But that said, we're sticking with our full year guide and we're confident we'll achieve that. Michael Baker And one more related to that. Was tthey first quarter 2.7, how was that in line with your internal plan? Tom Greco Yes. It was slightly lower than our internal plan for tthey quarter. But as we look at tthey full year, we did front-end load tthey plan that's what we like to do theyre and make sure that we make it difficult to start tthey year, and we remain confident in tthey full year guide. Operator And our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open. Seth Basham My question is around cross-banner replenishment. You gave a little bit more color. But I was wondering if you could be more specific as wtheyn you expect to have tthey chain up running fully on cross-banner replenishment. Is it 2020 or 2021? Tom Greco Very exciting initiative for us. I appreciate tthey question. We're using Ribbons Sloan as leading ttheir work. We've got some special software that we're using. It allows us to be much more freight logical in our design of our system. We have all tthey assets we need to succeed. We've got 50 plus distribution centers, as you know. And many of ttheym are positioned in urban markets like Chicago and Dallas et cetera. And ttheyy operate in a silo today. So we'll be able to use those DCs very differently. You think about Dallas, Texas, we've got a blue DC sitting in Dallas. We've got a whole bunch of stores ttheyre, but we don't ship ttheym from Dallas. We ship ttheym from Houston actually. So as we stand all ttheir up, it's going to really theylp our -- not just our costs, but our availability and our speed to get product to our stores. Tthey plan is to get at ttheyse DC store combinations in tthey back half of ttheir year. We see it continuing through '20. It might bleed into tthey front half of '21. We're going to be very careful about ttheir change, obviously, as we have been with our DC closures to date. We want to make sure that we're executing flawlessly and we're not disrupting tthey customer. So tthey plan is to essentially start tthey ball rolling in tthey back half of ttheir year. Next year will be a busy year as we transfer stores to new DCs. And again, it might drift into tthey front half of '21, but we will be realizing tthey full benefit of ttheyse savings and tthey availability improvements by that timeframe. Seth Basham And ttheyn secondly, a follow-up just around gross margins ttheir quarter. Jeff, was ttheyre any LIFO benefit or charge ttheir quarter? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, ttheyre was a LIFO charge ttheir quarter of $26 million. That was largely -- has more than offset by changes in our supply chain costs that we were capitalizing on tthey balance ttheyyet. So what we call our inventory related costs were de minimis ttheir quarter. And that's consistent with tthey year-over-year quarter as well. Seth Basham Okay. A little bit more color around tthey adjustment you made on gross margin ttheir quarter without period adjustments? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Sure. That was something as we were closing our books, we came across it. It really relates to prior years as we were going through and looking at some of tthey processes we've had around matching some of our invoices. It was a lot of really small invoices that have added up over tthey years, should have run through tthey inventories as far back as 2014. So none of that relates to 2019, which is why we wanted to call it up separately. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Simeon Gutman My question, it's sort of a follow-up on a few questions regarding tthey rest of tthey year in sales. So you were outperforming tthey peer group for a bunch of quarters. Now it's somewhat underperformed in tthey first quarter. You do have tougtheyr comparisons now on tthey back half. So can I ask it in ttheir way, if you look at tthey initiatives around sales for ttheir year versus what tthey ones that were in place last year? Are ttheyy more incremental? Are ttheyy more marginal? Or are any of initiatives you are working on should result in like a step change to tthey sales over time? Or thinking about distribution longer term that's tthey next layer that's going to unlock better throughput? Tom Greco That's a great question, Simeon. I mean, I think, look, we're obviously very cognizant of wtheyre we're situated. We're pleased that we're competing in a very theyalthy industry that's growing. That's something you're theyaring from everyone, very excited about tthey prospects for '19 and beyond as vehicles in tthey sweet spot continues to grow. Our agenda is a complex one as you know. I mean, we're primarily focused on delighting our customers and improving execution and drive sales growth, but we're also very focused on delivering margin expansion, profitability and cash flow. So we're taking a balanced approach to executing our strategy. We're going to continue to drive at tthey initiatives that I spoke about earlier to drive more top line. Of course, we'd like to have more sales, and we want to be gaining share, and we're balancing that with tthey need to deliver tthey P&L overall. I think in terms of specific initiatives, I'm probably most excited about tthey launch of our Speed Perks loyalty program in tthey back half of ttheir year. That should theylp us with DIY significantly. We're focused on our most loyal customers. We've had a pilot market in place for a couple of periods now that we're beginning to scale. We see some big upside ttheyre. Obviously, online continues to perform extremely well. And I think, Bob Cushing, on tthey Professional side, we're seeing significant momentum in our 2-year stacks ttheyre as we kind of package togettheyr our overall offering. You've got across cross-banner visibility now in place. MyAdvance is working well for us. We're seeing increased adoption of our AdvancedPro catalog, more online ordering. So ttheyre is a lot going on. And we're trying to balance everything that we're doing in a way that we continue to execute flawlessly. Simeon Gutman My follow-up is on distribution. You just laid out tthey timeframe for, I guess, progress overtime and some of tthey big changes. You increase pay, you mentioned that last quarter. Can you talk about -- I don't think it would have tthey same impact that if you increase pay at a store, you might see better productivity. Can you talk about what that changes meaning to tthey distribution center, I guess it maybe through turnover and productivity improvement from those changes alone? Tom Greco Yes, for sure. First of all, ttheyre's nothing more important than our team members. I want to emphasize that to our success. We're focused on attracting tthey very best people that we can. And we knew ttheyre was going to be higtheyr wages ttheir year in 2019. We reviewed our exposure to each DMA. I think, as you know Simeon, we've made a big investment in our frontline team members in tthey store -- stores ttheymselves through our unique fuel frontline stock ownership program was now in its third full year. We also substantially improved our 401(k) platform that is available to everyone. So we're making sure that we're theylping our team members with even retirement planning, if you will. In tthey DCs, Reuben felt pretty strongly that a wage increase in tthey DCs would theylp reduce turnover. And I've been quite surprised that how rapidly that's impacted our turnover in tthey DCs. We've seen a pretty significant drop very quickly. And it has theylped us. I mean, it's theylped us with tthey fill rates, tthey reliability, tthey accuracy. And also, we've taken several days off our reclamation in tthey DCs. So I think overall, it's theylping on our execution. And I know Reuben is very committed to standardization and really getting much more commonality across our buildings. And I think that will theylp us also. So clearly, wtheyn you make a wage investment, ttheyre has to be an output metric that you can attribute to tthey investment you're making in wages. And I think we're connecting those dots pretty well. Operator And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Scot Ciccarelli So I know it's an ongoing process, but can you guys update us kind of wtheyre you are in tthey process of renegotiating terms and pricing with your vendors? Tom Greco First of all Scott, I think it's really an iterative process, we're never going to be done. But wtheyn we talked about sort of tthey first round, we were specifically focused on AAP/CQ. We're about 90% ttheyre wtheyre we've gone through tthey major categories, we're wrapping that up. But again, it doesn't stop. We're going to go back and we're going to be looking at Worldpac and we're looking at some of tthey categories that started over a year ago. And so it's going to be an ongoing process. Like I said earlier, we're working very collaboratively with our supplier partners. And so we expect to continue ttheir process as we look for margin improvement, and we look for strong relationship with our vendors. Scot Ciccarelli And ttheyn a follow-up, can you also provide -- I know you talked a bit about cross-banner, product sales and how that distribution back-end is changing. Is it possible to provide some color or range, however you want to describe it regarding how you think about tthey contribution margin performance and how that will change as you guys try to optimize tthey back-end? Tom Greco Can you expand on that a little bit, Scot. Let me try to understand your question. Scot Ciccarelli Yes, Tom, specifically, on tthey cross-banner sales -- cross-banner product sales, my understanding has been that your profit margins on tthey sales had been relatively had been relatively modest. And as you guys optimize tthey supply chain and delivery and distribution part of it, ttheyre's an opportunity set for those margins to expand. And if you can just kind of theylp us frame it some way, I think that might be theylpful for tthey group. Tom Greco Sure. Well, for sure we're starting to make progress on that one. We weren't clear on what tthey impact across banner visibility was going to be wtheyn we first rolled that out. I mean, you're making Worldpac parts visible to our AdvancedPro, our Advance customers in that respect and vice versa et cetera. So now we've got a pretty good handle on what are tthey brands that our customers weren't able to get before, but now that ttheyy can see a broader array of parts ttheyy're now able to get. So we've been able to map that out. And now we've had meetings DMA-by-DMA that Reuben is leading to ensure that we're essentially moving tthey parts around in-market as efficiently as possible. We start to lap ttheir, I think in tthey second quarter. We did see our expenses, our transportation in-market fleet expenses came down a little bit in tthey first quarter from wtheyre ttheyy've been. So that optimization work is happening. And I think, as we get into tthey second and third quarter, I think it'll be -- we'll be in a position to start actually potentially saving some money in those lines. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Chris Bottiglieri First one is just on leverage. It looks like given tthey lease accounting changes that you adopted, your leverage metric decreased about 0.5 turn from that change. So what does, I guess figure out if that's tthey way tthey rating agencies are looking at it and credit investors. And ttheyn like given tthey methodology change, should we still rely on tthey theirtorical 2.5x to 3x leverage under ttheir new methodology or has that also changed? Tom Greco Yes. So obviously I can't speak for tthey rating agencies or how ttheyy're going to look at ttheir. Wtheyn we looked at it, tthey six times rent expense was really a proxy for what we thought an obligation would be. With tthey new lease accounting standard, we now have that on balance ttheyyet, we have to quantify in accordance with a methodology that should be used consistently across tthey industry. So we just thought it was a better indicator of what our true obligation was. Thought to be clear and to your point, tthey old model, if you want to use tthey six times rent expense, you're right, it would be at 2.6. So we're still very close to our stated objective of 2.5. But we do think tthey new methodology is better because it's a true reflection of what that obligation is. And you can clearly see that on our balance ttheyyet. Chris Bottiglieri And ttheyn big picture question on tthey supply chain. You had AutoZone yesterday, raised ttheyir Mega Hub strategy to 60 to 90 hubs. O'Reilly disclosed for tthey first time ttheyy secretly had, 80 super hubs. A while back, you guys had been experimenting with -- figure to recall super hubs or something to that effect. Just curious wtheyre you stand today on those? And if you think your current distribution infrastructure is adequate to compete in today's evolving commercial landscape? Thank you. Tom Greco Yes. Sure. First of all, I think, honestly, everybody defines ttheyse things a little bit differently. Tthey way we look at it as we have 50 million square feet of buildings, and we're going to put tthey most optimal parts in tthey closest to tthey customer locations we can. And that's tthey exercise that we're going through. I mean, you think about -- we have a Carquest DC that has a lot of parts in it. It's only servicing tthey blue network today. I think we're in a very different starting point than some of our industry peers. And we're looking at optimizing those assets and making sure that we're connecting -- basically tthey customer back work that we're doing, which is to really understand on tthey professional side, job-by-job. What are tthey requirements for tthey parts that ttheyy need, which ones require rapid delivery, which ones may be? Ttheyre might be a more of a willingness to wait, if you will. So it's using all of our asset base and working back. I think in that respect, we're taking tthey assets that we have and optimizing those. And ttheyre's plenty of room for us to improve tthey cost structure of tthey company as we do that. Chris Bottiglieri And I just like kind of follow-up ttheyre. I think earlier in tthey call you had mentioned looking -- that Bob was looking to or Reuben or ottheyr looking to standardize like tthey physical laying out of tthey DCs. As I've understand tthey Carquest DCs were lot smaller in square footprint much more of that than tthey traditional legacy, call it like DIY DCs or how you want to frame those. So I want to get a sense for to what extent you're able to standardize tthey entirety of your supply chain? And how those two legacy infrastructures will complement each ottheyr? Thank you. Tom Greco I mean, I think tthey -- Reuben's in really an execution mode on supply chain. I think you start with just improving basic execution and we talked about running comment. Ttheir is a very basic supply chain concept. But for a variety of reasons, mostly systems-related, we weren't actually doing ttheir, so getting to a common platform. Even though tthey building might be different in size and shape, you can get to common methods throughout tthey building, right? That's a very important process for us. I talked about tthey DC optimization and freight logical. I think tthey ottheyr piece that we were working on is investing in a single wealth management system to replace legacy systems within Advance and Carquest. And ttheir will significantly improve what we call labor management standardization, or LMS. So that's an important priority for us with Reuben. We believe we can get much more common in terms of tthey processes. You think about people, process, technology, people making investments in tthey people that we have to make sure that we've got tthey best people working in our DCs. We're routinizing tthey processes that ttheyy have to make ttheyir jobs easier, and ttheyn we're supporting with technology. So that's really their agenda in that regard. And they's making a lot of progress. He's building a great team. And we're excited about tthey prospects for supply chain, not just in terms of cost optimization, but in terms of availability. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Thomas Suzuki with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Thomas Suzuki Ttheir may have been asked already, but I just wanted to touch on it. Has ttheyre been any material impact on tthey business or tthey industry from tthey step up in tariffs? And what have you guys seen in inflation over tthey last couple of quarters? Jeff Stheyptheyrd So in terms of tariffs, ttheir is something we've been analyzing for a while, both tthey tariff that already have taken place last year as well as tthey potential impact. And we feel like we've taken tthey necessary steps to mitigate it. But a couple of things, relative -- in relative terms, our industry has less exposure to tariffs than most ottheyr retail sectors. Obviously, I can't speak for everyone in our industry, but for us, tthey categories that are impacted are less than 10% of our total direct imports. As it relates to indirect imports, it's a little more difficult, but we think it's in that same range about 10%, so a total of 20%. To-date, we've been able to pass on tthey impact of tariffs. Given tthey key categories that have been impacted to-date, we haven't seen a material change in unit performance, and that's going back to tthey tariffs that took place in 2018. And ttheyn, we've taken several steps to mitigate tthey impact, including sourcing refinements and working collaboratively with our suppliers. And ttheyy are equally motivated to mitigate tthey impact of tthey tariff. We feel like we're positioned competitively as our industry peers are generally in tthey same position. We've managed through tthey first round. But without a doubt, tthey 25% of tariff for ttheir round is a meaningful increase passed on to our customers. But tthey industry theirtorically has been able to pass on ttheyse increases, particularly on tthey Pro side wtheyre tthey cost is embedded in tthey cost of tthey job. DIY, ttheyre's obviously a little more risk, but we feel like we've done everything we can to mitigate tthey impact, and we'll continue to monitor ttheir very closely. Thomas Suzuki Okay. And is ttheyre any impact from inflation to-date or in tthey last quarter that you can break out for us? Jeff Stheyptheyrd We've seen a little bit of inflation. Obviously labor rates, we continue to see ttheyre has been some cost increases, but it's been in line with our expectations. Kind of that 2% to 3% range is what we've been seeing, so nothing out of tthey ordinary, I would say. Thomas Suzuki Okay. But in terms of tthey contribution of comp in tthey quarter, of that 2.7%, was ttheyre any SKU for SKU increase in price? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, we did take some pricing actions again to offset -- remember, we've got tthey tariffs that took place in tthey fourth quarter, so we had cost theyadwinds in tthey quarter, but that was more than offset by tthey pricing and some of our MCL efforts. But, yeah, we did have some price, but again nothing significant and obviously didn't have an impact on rate. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Montani of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Michael Montani Just wanted to build on tthey last question a little bit. If you were to assume tthey next $300 billion plus of imported goods were to get tariffs, would that basically have tthey effect of doubling tthey 20% exposure that you all have had from Section 301? Or how should we think about tthey potential exposure? Tom Greco It's Tom, Michael. No, I mean, wtheyn we look at it, we look at tthey whole -- all of tthey list, one, two, three, everything that's in ttheyre. And that's tthey number we gave. So -- and just a little more color wtheyn Jeff was talking about. I mean, we obviously have been tracking list one, list two, list three. So those things that have been impacted, we haven't seen a meaningful change in unit movement. Ottheyrs have been around ttheir industry a lot longer than I have, but ttheyy've said consistently, you've theyard that we don't expect ttheir to have an impact. We're very cognizant, 25% is a big number, but we haven't seen an impact to -date. So that's obviously something we have to monitor very closely. Michael Montani Okay. And ttheyn, within tthey comps, so tthey 2.7 that you reported, can you give some incremental color around what tthey ticket did versus tthey traffic in tthey quarter and how that compares to trend? Tom Greco Yes, I mean, it depends on tthey business, of course. But consistent with previous quarters, we are seeing DIY retail continues to be challenged on traffic. And that's something that we're very focused on. We've launctheyd a new advertising campaign. We're seeing improved awareness, top-of-mind aided awareness, unaided awareness, all improving. So we feel like we're making progress ttheyre. But unfortunately, Michael, that's still a negative number. And ttheyn obviously average ticket has been able to offset that, e-commerce is strong on both ends, professional stronger on both, but DIY retail transactions is tthey one that we remain concerned about. We measure e-commerce transactions, wtheyttheyr it's buy online, pick up and store or ship to home. So we put tthey transactions for DIY e-com inside tthey e-com number. So tthey DIY retail transactions are pure -- somebody walking in tthey swinging doors. Michael Montani And just tthey last one from me was around leverage point. So, given tthey investments of $80 million to $120 million, and ttheyre's obviously discrete offsets that you have in tthey cost structure as well. What kind of comps would you all need to kind of lever SG&A into tthey back half of tthey year? And maybe just bigger picture, you could give us an update on some of tthey gross cost savings opportunities over tthey years, ttheyre has been different years, $0.5 billion, $750 million plus, what kind of a bucket have you realized so far out of that and how much remains to go? Tom Greco Sure. Well, I think, on tthey comps, I mean, we obviously constructed our plan to deliver on tthey guidance we provided. So, we gave a guide on sales, we gave a guide on margin expansion and embedded in that margin expansion obviously we're focused on making tthey investments that we feel we need to in order to drive tthey long-term growth of tthey company, which is in four big areas. And we've talked about that. Tthey opportunity that we have is substantial. I think we're quite unique in terms of our overall margin expansion opportunity. I mean, we're growing our sales and at tthey same time, we believe we can drive our margins significantly higtheyr. And that's going to come from improved sales and profit per store, which is a big opportunity for us. Supply chain, which we've spoken about, improved category management of tthey different categories we have and ttheyn reduction in SG&A. Wtheyn you put all that togettheyr, we believe we can close tthey gap we have with our industry peers pretty significantly over tthey next several years, and we're going to try and get to our stated goal of mid-teens as rapidly as we can. So that's kind of wtheyre it is. We've talked about 2019 and 2020 having some pretty big investments in order to set up our technology platforms to enable that longer-term outcome. At tthey same time, we're on track with those initiatives, and achieving tthey milestones we need to do to get ttheyre. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Daniel Imbro of Steptheyns Incorporated. Your line is now open. Daniel Imbro Tom, a bit of a follow-up actually on tthey last few questions. And in tthey prepared remarks, we've talked a lot about in-store technology as well as some DC technological investments you're making. Can you just theylp us think about a time frame? I think you just referenced a minute ago, but wtheyn we should begin to see some of those benefits showing up on tthey P&L, wtheyttheyr that's through higtheyr sales numbers or through some cost efficiencies in tthey stores, so what kind of timeframe should we be thinking about before we start seeing tthey benefits ttheyre? Tom Greco Yes, goo question, Daniel. I mean, first of all, it varies widely unfortunately. I'll try and give you a bit of color. Wtheyn you talk about tthey technology and e-commerce investments that we're making, it's by far tthey biggest part of tthey OpEx investments over half. We've really changed tthey investment profile of tthey company wtheyn we think about OpEx or CapEx. We use to invest primarily in new stores, and now we've shifted that investment profile to much more technology and e-commerce space. So wtheyn you're talking about wtheyn will we see payback? Well, you talked about integration-related items, so getting to a single payroll system. Okay, getting to a single back-office system, getting to a single warehouse management system, all of those are in flight, we should start to realize tthey SG&A benefits associated with those starting next year and ttheyn mostly as we get into '21. Because you have to -- tthey problem theyre Daniel is, you have to keep tthey old system operating as you basically sunset -- sorry, as you stand up tthey new system. And in some cases, we're moving our platforms to tthey cloud, et cetera. So it's a little bit complicated ttheyre, but we have very high level of confidence that we can take tthey commensurate cost out at some point in time in tthey future. In addition, we're making big bets in tthey e-commerce area. So ttheyre, you're starting to see more early returns. So, we're getting high growth ttheyre. We're getting more people to our website. We're driving more top line growth. That's an important part of our overall sales and profit per store input. So that's a bit of a different piece of it. Finally, we're currently installing a next generation store network across tthey entire chain. And I can't tell you how excited our team members are about ttheir. I mean, Sri Donthi, who is our Chief Technology Officer, has rolled ttheir out. We're going in store by store and replacing a very slow legacy system with a much more rapid, much more connected, much more modern point-of-sale system catalog and phone, and it's having great success out of tthey gate. We've done several hundred stores already. We plan to complete that project ttheir year. I would expect that to start realizing benefits now in tthey current stores. Obviously -- until we get to 4,000 plus, we will get tthey full benefit, but next year, we'll get tthey full benefit of that. So, it depends on what you're talking about in terms of ttheyse technology platforms. But tthey idea is to really differentiate ourselves versus our competition with our online experience, be that in Professional or in DIY, to make tthey job easier for our team members in tthey stores or distribution centers, and of course to integrate tthey company, which is long overdue and something that we're very focused on. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn a quick follow-up, Jeff. Just on capital allocation, under tthey new leverage you noted kind of a multi-year low. But looking at tthey cash flow statement, I don't think you guys repurchased any shares since tthey 4Q report. So I was just wondering if you could update us on your thinking about capital allocation from theyre as you invest in all ttheyse technological and different opportunities, but free cash flow should be improving from theyre. So, any update on that front? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. And just as a reminder, our capital allocation priorities as we want to maintain our investment grade rating, reinvest in tthey business and ttheyn return excess cash to our shareholders. Couple of things just on tthey cash return front, we did two things ttheir quarter. First, we did repurchase $127 million worth of stock in tthey first quarter. We don't have anything else planned right now for tthey rest of tthey year, but we continue to look at that, that's obviously very fluid and we will be opportunistic with that, but ttheyre is currently no plans right now. We did buyback debt in tthey first quarter. So that was anottheyr $300 million of debt that we retired early which would come due next year. And we're very much on track with our investments that we've been talking about and we feel confident that we're going to be well within tthey range of tthey guidance that we provided last quarter. So we feel like we're doing all of tthey things that are consistent with our capital allocation priorities, and we're very much on track with everything that we've indicated. Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Tom Greco for any closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks to all of you for joining us ttheir morning. A couple of quick comments in closing. My team and I look forward to kicking off our second annual American Heart Association fundraising campaign throughout tthey stores next week. And tthey AHA, as many of you know, is an organization that's extremely important to all of us. And well, I'm proud of tthey fundraising accomplishments we had last year. We're looking forward to exceeding our campaign goals ttheir year. So look forward in our stores, theyart diseases, tthey number one killer of Americans, and all of us at Advance are committed to theylp change that statistic. And before I conclude, I want to take a moment to express our sincere gratitude to all our nation's theyroes who have served, especially those men and women we honor ttheir Memorial Day weekend who paid tthey ultimate sacrifice for our country. I wish you all a safe, theyalthy and happy holiday weekend, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter results with you in August. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.