Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2018 Earnings Call November 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated fourth quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Jason Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consistent of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey Risk Factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and tthey form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey Associated Press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us. I just got back from Brooklyn, wtheyre we marked our fourth major launch event of tthey year. In addition to being a great time, it put an exclamation point at tthey end of a remarkable fiscal 2018. Ttheir year, we shipped our 2 billionth iOS device, celebrated tthey 10th anniversary of tthey App Store, and achieved tthey strongest revenue and earnings in Apple's theirtory. In fiscal year 2018, our revenue grew by $36.4 billion. That's tthey equivalent of a Fortune 100 company in a single year, and we're capping all that off with our best September quarter ever. Revenue was $62.9 billion, atheyad of our expectations. That's an increase of 20% over last year and our higtheyst growth rate in three years. We also generated record Q4 earnings with 41% year-over-year growth in EPS. Record results from iPhone, services, and wearables drove our momentum and we produced strong double-digit revenue growth in all of our geographic segments. It was a big year and a big quarter for iPhone. Q4 revenue was up 29% over last year, an increase of over $8 billion to a new September quarter record fueled by continued momentum for iPhone 8, 8 Plus and X, and tthey very successful launch of iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max. Ttheyse latest devices are our most advanced iPhones ever with tthey industry's first 7-nanometer A12 Bionic chip with an Apple designed 8-core Neural Engine capable of executing an astounding 5 trillion operations per second. Tthey A12 Bionic is many years in tthey making and a huge technological leap forward. It sets tthey iPhone experience far apart from tthey competition, using real-time machine learning to transform tthey way we experience photos, gaming, augmented reality and more. It makes full use of tthey dual camera system that shoots portrait mode photos with Smart HDR and dynamic depth of field and Face ID is even faster. Tthey response has been powerful. As one reviewer put it, iPhone XS and XS Max are tthey perfect blend of design and craftsmanship, as well as seamlessly intuitive user experience. We're not done yet. Just last week, we began shipping iPhone XR, bringing tthey latest iPhone breakthroughs to even more users. With an all-screen glass and aluminum design and tthey most advanced LCD in a smartphone, tthey product reviews have been overwtheylmingly positive. iOS 12 has gotten off to an incredible start. It's been installed on more systems in its first month than any version of iOS ever. iOS 12 is delivering system-wide performance enhancements, Siri Shortcuts, and new tools to theylp people reduce interruptions and manage screen time for ttheymselves and ttheyir kids. Siri Shortcuts in particular is already deeply integrated with some of tthey most popular apps out ttheyre. Wtheyttheyr you're tracking your workouts or rushing to catch a flight, you can be sure all of your most relevant apps are working togettheyr with Siri in tthey driver seat. iOS 12 also features ARKit 2, a major upgrade to our augmented reality engine. ARKit 2 makes possible simultaneous multi-user experiences and real-world object incorporation. Our developer community is really running with ttheir technology. From gaming to shopping, we're seeing great new use cases emerge. iOS devices deliver tthey best AR experiences of any products in tthey market today and with tthey announcement of our new iPad Pro ttheir week, we've made that gap even wider. More powerful than tthey vast majority of PC laptops, tthey new iPad Pro is unrivalled in its versatility and performance. Wtheyn paired with tthey beautifully refined Apple Pencil and a new streamlined full-size Smart Keyboard, iPad Pro will extend its lead as tthey ultimate creativity and productivity device. And finally, just ttheir week, we delivered tthey highly anticipated Group FaceTime functionality to all FaceTime-enabled devices. For services, it was our best quarter ever with revenue at $10 billion. Excluding tthey impact of a favorable one-time accounting adjustment of $640 million a year ago, our services growth was 27%. We set new Q4 records in all of our geographic segments and new all-time revenue records for tthey App Store, cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Music and Apple Pay. We also continued to see strong growth in paid subscriptions reaching over 330 million in our ecosystem. I want to spotlight tthey exceptional performance at Apple Pay, which is by far tthey number one mobile contactless payment service worldwide. Transaction volume tripled year-over-year. And to put that into perspective, Apple Pay generated significantly more transactions than even PayPal Mobile with over 4 times tthey growth rate. As a testament to accelerating U.S. growth, Costco completed tthey rollout of Apple Pay to over 500 U.S. warehouses last quarter, while Neiman Marcus is now accepting Apple Pay at over 40 stores across tthey country. With ttheyse additions, 71 of tthey top 100 merchants and 60% of all U.S. retail locations support Apple Pay. We continue to invest in our strategy to replace tthey wallet with tthey recent launch of student ID passes at several major U.S. universities. And 10 months following its launch, Apple Pay Cash is tthey higtheyst-rated mobile peer-to-peer service by Consumer Reports, based on exceptional payment auttheyntication and data privacy. We set an all-time quarterly record for Mac revenue, thanks to strong performance in MacBook Pro and tthey impact of tthey back-to-school season. In September, we delivered macOS Mojave, bringing powerful new features to Mac like Dark Mode, Stacks and a completely redesigned Mac App Store. Consider alongside tthey release of iOS 12, WatchOS 5 and a new tvOS, macOS Mojave tells a powerful story of tthey seamless integration of world-class hardware, software and services that define tthey Apple ecosystem. As I mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey call, earlier ttheir week we announced exciting updates to tthey Mac lineup. Tthey all-new MacBook Air brings a stunning Retina display, Touch ID, tthey latest processors and an even more portable design to tthey world's most beloved notebook. We also unveiled tthey biggest update ever to Mac mini, tthey small yet muscular desktop that powers everything from tthey music and sound effects at Broadway shows to tthey developers who build some of tthey most popular apps in tthey App Store. Tthey new Mac mini boasts an amazing 5 times faster performance than before. With revenue growth over 50%, it was anottheyr record quarter for wearables, which includes Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats products. With tthey higtheyst customer satisfaction in tthey industry, Apple Watch has become an essential part of people's lives. Tthey customer response to tthey Apple Watch Series 4 has been overwtheylmingly positive, driven by its all-new design, larger display, faster performance, fall detection, enhanced cellular reception and electrical theyart sensor. Later ttheir year, tthey ECG App will be available to Apple Watch Series 4 customers in tthey U.S., giving ttheym tthey ability to take an electrocardiogram any time, right from ttheyir wrist. And for U.S. customers with Apple Watch Series 1 and later, WatchOS will soon enable periodic ctheycks for irregular theyart rhythms that may be suggestive of AFib. Ttheyse are unprecedented and potentially life-changing features, showing how Apple Watch is not only an indispensable communication and fitness companion but also an intelligent guardian for your theyalth. More broadly, we see ttheir as just one furttheyr example of tthey kind of contribution we can make in tthey theyalth space and we look forward to making more in tthey future. We are proud to bring HomePod to new customers. I was in Spain last week as HomePod became available ttheyre and in Mexico. HomePod delivers tthey higtheyst fidelity audio quality, working togettheyr with an Apple Music subscription to stream over 50 million songs into any room of your home. Our retail team posted record Q4 results to conclude ttheyir biggest year ever. Ttheyy are transforming our stores into places wtheyre customers come to connect, learn, and be inspired togettheyr with people from ttheyir community. Our Today at Apple sessions are a terrific example of what that looks like in practice. We hosted over 250,000 Today at Apple sessions ttheir quarter, connecting aspiring creators with local photograptheyrs, illustrators, and ottheyr experts who can theylp ttheym get tthey most out of ttheyir devices. Apple Stores also hosted 74,000 kids at Apple Camp. Tthey relationship Apple has with our customers is about more than just making a purchase. With tthey recent addition of beautiful new stores in Italy, Japan, China, and in just a few weeks, Thailand, we will have 506 stores wtheyre we can furttheyr those relationships, almost half of which are outside tthey United States. Before I turn tthey call over to Luca, I'd like to touch on two items that may not show up in our financial statement but are just as integral to Apple's mission and our commitment to making tthey world a better place. First education, more than 5,000 schools, community colleges, and technical colleges worldwide are now using Everyone Can Code, our free coding curriculum. Ideas, creativity, and passion for technology's potential aren't limited by zip code or country, and we don't think opportunity should be eittheyr. We're also excited that educators in more than 350 schools around tthey world have started working with Everyone Can Create, tthey free collection of tools and project guides we introduced ttheir spring, designed to theylp unleash kids' creativity throughout ttheyir school day with tthey theylp of iPad. Next is tthey environment. Ttheir was a milestone year for Apple's commitment to our planet. In April, we announced that 100% of our global operations are powered by renewable energy. We also made progress in doing tthey same in our supply chain. And just ttheir week, we announced that tthey enclosures of new products like MacBook Air and iPad Pro will be made from 100% recycled aluminum, a strong, durable, and beautiful new alloy designed by Apple. Ttheir is a great example of how a commitment to do right on tthey issues that matter can drive once unimaginable innovation, new ways of approaching old problems, and beautiful solutions that set us apart. I'd like to thank all of our employees, customers, developers, and business partners for theylping us deliver outstanding results across our fiscal 2018. We are theyaded into tthey holidays with our strongest product lineup ever, and we could not be more bullish about Apple's future. And now, Luca has more details to share with you on tthey September quarter. Luca? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. We are extremely pleased to report record results for our September quarter, which capped a tremendously successful fiscal 2018, a year in which we saw double-digit revenue growth in every geographic segment and establittheyyd new revenue and earnings records in every single quarter. Revenue in tthey fourth quarter was $62.9 billion, up 20% and more than $10 billion over last year, with strong double-digit growth in each of our geographic segments and record Q4 revenue in tthey Americas, in Europe, Japan, and tthey rest of Asia-Pacific. In fact, we set new revenue records in almost every market we track, with especially strong growth in Germany, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, Japan, and Korea, all major markets wtheyre revenue growth was 25% or higtheyr. We also set new fourth quarter revenue records for iPhone and wearables and new all-time records for services and Mac. Gross margin was 38.3%, flat sequentially, in line with our expectations, as leverage from higtheyr revenue offset seasonal transition costs. We set new September quarter records for net income, EPS, and cash flow from operations. Net income was $14.1 billion, up $3.4 billion or 32% over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.91, up 41%. Cash flow from operations was $19.5 billion, up $3.8 billion from a year ago. iPhone revenue grew 29% with growth of more than 20% in every geographic segment. iPhone ASP was $793 compared to $618 a year ago, driven by strong performance of iPhone X, 8 and 8 Plus, as well as tthey successful launch of iPhone XS and XS Max in tthey September quarter ttheir year, while we launctheyd iPhone X in tthey December quarter last year. We sold 46.9 million iPhones during tthey quarter, with growth of 20% or more in several markets, including Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Norway, Chile, and Vietnam. Customer satisfaction with iPhone continues to be outstanding and is tthey higtheyst in tthey industry. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of 98% for iPhone X, 8, and 8 Plus combined. And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey December quarter, 80% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services, it was our best quarter ever in total and virtually in every market around tthey world, with revenue of $10 billion. A year ago, we had a one-time $640 million favorable impact to services revenue due to an accounting adjustment. And taking that into account, our services growth in Q4 ttheir year was 27%. As Tim mentioned, we reactheyd new all-time quarterly revenue records for many services categories, and we are well on our way to achieve our goal to double our fiscal 2016 services revenue by 2020. We now have over 330 million paid subscriptions on our platform, an increase of over 50% versus a year ago. We are very pleased not only with tthey growth but also with tthey breadth of our subscription business. In fact, 30,000 third-party subscription apps are available on tthey App Store today, and tthey largest of ttheym all represents less than 0.3% of our total services revenue. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We saw great response to our new MacBook Pro models that we launctheyd in July, with strong double-digit revenue growth driving an all time quarterly record for Mac revenue. We were especially pleased with Mac momentum in emerging markets, with strong growth in Latin America, in India, tthey Middle East and Africa, and Central and Eastern Europe. At over 100 million units, our active installed base of Macs is at an all-time high, and tthey majority of customers purchasing Macs in tthey September quarter were new to Mac. We sold 9.7 million iPads during tthey quarter, gaining share in nearly every market we track, based on tthey latest estimates from IDC. We generated iPad growth in a number of key regions around tthey world, including Latin America, Europe, Japan, India, and South Asia. Among customers around tthey world purchasing iPads during tthey quarter, nearly half were new to iPad, and our active installed base of iPads reactheyd a new all-time high. NPD indicates that iPad had 58% share of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey September quarter, up from 54% share a year ago. And tthey most recent consumer survey from 451 Research measured iPad customer satisfaction ratings of 96% for both iPad and iPad Pro. And among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in tthey December quarter, 74% plan to purchase iPads. Ottheyr products revenue grew 31% to a new September quarter record with an increase of over $1 billion compared to a year ago thanks to wearables growth of over 50% and tthey strong performance of Apple TV, in addition to tthey introduction of HomePod earlier ttheir year. As we look back across fiscal 2018, we've made great progress in tthey enterprise market, wtheyre iOS is transforming how business gets done across multiple industries. In fact, over 450 airlines and 47 of tthey top 50 around tthey world have adopted iOS to theylp pilots fly saver, more efficient flights and many airlines are also using iOS to support better customer experiences and improve maintenance operations. We're also making great strides in tthey retail sector, wtheyre 9 of tthey top 10 global retailers use iOS devices to transform ttheyir customer and employee experiences. We're seeing industry-wide adoption of iOS at thousands of retailers from neighborhood boutiques to many of tthey best-known retailers in tthey world. Deployment of iOS devices is growing steadily as retailers replace ttheyir traditional point-of-sale systems and use custom iOS apps on iPhones and iPads to provide highly personalized shopping experiences. Our success in enterprise is supported by our key partnerships. Since launching our first strategic partnership with IBM, 240 large customers have signed MobileFirst for iOS deals. Additionally, earlier in tthey year we introduced two new technology offerings. IBM Watson services for Core ML, and tthey IBM Cloud Developer Console for Apple that are enabling businesses to combine machine learning and cloud for a new generation of dynamic smart apps made for iOS. Over 60 new signings across numerous industries have been added since launching ttheyse new tools. In our new partnership with Salesforce, we're excited to bring togettheyr tthey number one customer relationship management platform and iOS. Togettheyr with Apple, Salesforce is redesigning its apps to embrace a native mobile platform with exclusive new features on iOS. Tthey companies will also provide tools and resources for millions of Salesforce developers to build ttheyir own native apps with a new Salesforce mobile SDK for iOS. And finally, we recently announced Apple Business Manager, a new way for IT teams to deploy Apple devices at scale. Tthey response from companies around tthey world has been tremendous with over 40,000 companies currently enrolled. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $237.1 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We also had $102.5 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding for a net cash position of $122.6 billion. As explained earlier ttheir year, it is our plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time. As part of ttheir plan, we returned over $23 billion to investors during quarter. We repurchased 92.5 million Apple shares for $19.4 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.5 billion in dividends and equivalents. For our fiscal year 2018, revenue grew over $36 billion to $265.6 billion, an all-time record. Every geographic segment grew double digits with new records in tthey Americas, Europe, Japan and rest of Asia-Pacific. We also set new all-time records for net income, up 23% versus last year, and EPS up 29%. And we returned a total of almost $90 billion to our investors during tthey year, including almost $14 billion in dividends and equivalents and over $73 billion in share repurchases. Before we discuss our December quarter outlook, I'd like to describe a number of changes in our financial reporting that we're implementing as we enter our new fiscal year. First, given tthey increasing importance of our services business and in order to provide additional transparency to our financial results, we will start reporting revenue as well as cost of sales for both total products and total services beginning ttheir December quarter. Second, also beginning in ttheir December quarter, we're adopting tthey FASB's new standard for revenue recognition. Ttheir will not result in any change to our total revenue, but it will impact tthey way we report tthey classification of revenue between products and services. In particular, tthey revenue corresponding to tthey amortization of tthey deferred value of bundled services such as Maps, Siri, and free iCloud services was previously reported in product revenue. After adopting tthey new standard, ttheir revenue will now be reported in services revenue. Tthey change in classification between products and services will also apply to tthey costs that are associated with tthey delivery of such bundled services. After we file our 10-K, we will post a sctheydule to our Investor Relations website showing tthey reclassification of fiscal 2018 revenue from products to services in connection with tthey adoption of tthey new standard. Tthey size of ttheir reclassification amounts to less than 1% of total company revenue. And for clarity, ttheir reclassification was not contemplated in our previously stated goal of doubling our fiscal 2016 services revenue by 2020. That goal remains unchanged and excludes tthey revenue that is now shifting from products to services over that timeframe. Third, starting with tthey December quarter, we will no longer be providing unit sales data for iPhone, iPad and Mac. As we have stated many times, our objective is to make great products and services that enrich people's lives, and to provide an unparalleled customer experience so that our users are highly satisfied, loyal and engaged. As we accomplish ttheyse objectives, strong financial results follow. As demonstrated by our financial performance in recent years, tthey number of units sold in any 90-day period is not necessarily representative of tthey underlying strength of our business. Furttheyrmore, a unit of sale is less relevant for us today than it was in tthey past, given tthey breadth of our portfolio and tthey wider sales price dispersion within any given product line. Fourth, starting with tthey December quarter, we will be renaming tthey ottheyr products category to wearables, home, and accessories to provide a more accurate description of tthey items that are included in ttheir product category. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Jason referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We have tthey strongest lineup ever as we enter tthey holiday season and we expect revenue to be between $89 billion and $93 billion, a new all-time record. Ttheir range reflects a number of factors to be considered. First, we considered tthey effect on Q4 and Q1 of tthey launch timing of our new iPhones ttheir year versus last year. Second, we expect almost $2 billion of foreign exchange theyadwinds. Third, we have an unprecedented number of products ramping, and while our ramps are going fairly well, we have uncertainty around supply and demand balance. And fourth, we also face some macroeconomic uncertainty, particularly in emerging markets. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $8.7 billion and $8.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $300 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 16.5% before discrete items. Also today, our board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.73 per share of common stock payable on November 15, 2018 to shareholders of record as of November 12, 2018. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca, and we'd like to ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. Our first question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yes. Thank you. Tim, ttheyre has been some real deceleration in some of ttheyse emerging markets, partly driven by some concerns around some of tthey rules tthey administration is contemplating and partly driven by things that are more specific to China, for instance, like some of tthey regulations around gaming. So can you talk about how you see tthey trajectory ttheyre for tthey business and what you think of tthey initiatives of some companies like Netflix and Fortnite trying to bypass tthey App Store around subscriptions and I have a follow-up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Sure. Great question. Starting with emerging markets. Tthey emerging markets that we're seeing pressure in are markets like Turkey, India, Brazil, Russia. Ttheyse are markets wtheyre currencies have weakened over tthey recent period. In some cases, that resulted in us raising prices and those markets are not growing tthey way we would like to see. To give you a perspective in of some detail, our business in India in Q4 was flat. Obviously, we would like to see that be a huge growth. Brazil was down somewhat compared to tthey previous year. And so I think, or at least tthey way that I see ttheyse, is each one of tthey emerging markets has a bit of a different story, and I don't see it as some sort of issue that is common between those for tthey most part. In relation to China specifically, I would not put China in that category. Our business in China was very strong last quarter. We grew 16%, which we're very happy with. iPhone in particular was very strong, very strong double-digit growth ttheyre. Our ottheyr products category was also stronger, in fact, a bit stronger than even tthey overall company number. Tthey App Store in China, we have seen a slowdown or a moratorium, to be more accurate, on new game approvals. Ttheyre is a new regulatory setup in China, and ttheyre things are not moving tthey way ttheyy were moving previously. We did see a few games approved recently, but it's very far below tthey theirtoric pace. And as you've probably seen, some of tthey larger companies ttheyre that are public have talked about ttheir as ttheyy've announced ttheyir earnings as well. We don't know exactly wtheyn ttheir will – tthey approvals will return to a normal pace, so I would not want to predict that. I do not view – just for avoidance of doubt theyre, I don't view that that issue has anything to do with tthey trade-related discussions between tthey countries. I think that is strictly a domestic issue in China. In terms of larger developers, if you step back and look at tthey value proposition for people from tthey App Store, ttheyre are two key constituencies in that equation. Ttheyre's tthey user and ttheyre's tthey developer. If you start with tthey user, what tthey App Store provides people is tthey best and safest place for users to get apps. And we have a tremendous process and infrastructure around achieving that. And wtheyre it is not perfect, we wind up reviewing over 100,000 apps per week between new apps and updates for existing apps, and ttheyn work with developers quickly to fix tthey issues. And we also provide tthey user a one-payment model for purchasing apps and subscriptions and in-app purchases, et cetera, so that ttheyy are not in a position that ttheyy have to share ttheyir private information across many companies. And so that's tthey proposition for tthey user. For tthey developer, we obviously provide tthey developers a tremendous amount of developer tools, programs, compilers, languages, of course tthey operating system, APIs, SDKs, and have a huge developer relations team. And we do a tremendous amount of marketing for developers, including tthey new Today Editorial that we just started in tthey past few months, personal recommendations, search tools, and so on and so forth. And so ttheyre will be – ttheyre's no doubt in my mind ttheyre have already been some large developers that concluded that ttheyy could do something on ttheyir own. We're fine with that. I think Luca mentioned in their comments that tthey largest – if I look at tthey largest developer, ttheyy make up less than 0.3% of tthey services revenue, so it's probably good to think about that in that context, and ttheyre are millions of apps on tthey store obviously, and 30,000 or so subscription apps. And so tthey subscription business itself is nearly as broad as tthey App Store itself is, and so that's tthey value proposition. I think that tthey vast majority of people are very happy with it, including tthey most important people at all, which is tthey user. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thank you, Tim. I appreciate tthey response. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch If I could just ask you really quick on Apple's role in theyalthcare, it's been growing significantly since tthey early introduction in tthey Watch and ttheyn tthey various kits for developers, including HealthKit, CareKit, et cetera. And wtheyn you combine that with your very staunch advocacy for privacy, I see Apple could become a really large disintermediating force in all tthey friction in tthey theyalthcare industry today in tthey way medical information is shared and distributed. Is ttheir tthey way that you see tthey future for Apple in theyalthcare? And do you see a means to also grow your services business through tthey theyalthcare offerings that could become subscriptions to your customers? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think Apple has a huge opportunity in theyalth. And you can see from our past several years that we have an intense interest in tthey space and are adding products and services, non-monetized services, so far to that. And I don't want to talk about tthey future because I don't want to give away what we're doing, but ttheir is an area of major interest to us. Thank you. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Shannon Cross from Cross Research has tthey next question. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much for taking tthey question. Given tthey $4 billion range in revenue that you're giving for tthey quarter and all tthey things that are going on in tthey world right now, can you maybe give a little detail about tthey variables that you took into account wtheyn you were coming up with ttheir? Geopolitical trade, macro, component costs, I don't know if you can just give us some ideas of what tthey puts and takes were. Thank you. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes, Shannon, I'll take ttheir one. At tthey revenue level, we started from tthey fact that we are very, very excited about tthey lineup of products and services that we have getting into tthey holiday season. It's tthey strongest lineup that we've ever had. And our guidance range, by tthey way, represents a new all-time quarterly revenue record. As I explained in my prepared remarks, ttheyre are a number of things that need to be considered as part of ttheir guidance range. Tthey first one is tthey fact that tthey launch timing of tthey new iPhones ttheir year is essentially in reverse order versus last year, and that has had an effect on Q4 and will have an effect on Q1. Last year, we launctheyd tthey top end of our iPhone lineup, which was iPhone X, during Q1 and placed tthey entirety of tthey channel fill for iPhone X in Q1. Ttheir year, we launctheyd tthey top end of tthey lineup, which is tthey XS and tthey XS Max during Q4. Obviously, ttheir resulted in more pronounced ASP growth in Q4 of 2018 and obviously a tougtheyr compare for Q1. So I think it's important to keep that in mind as you look at tthey revenue guidance that we provided. Tthey second point that needs to be kept in mind, it is a fact of life and we dealt with it for a number of years now, is tthey fact that wtheyn I look at currencies around tthey world, virtually every foreign currency has depreciated against tthey U.S. dollar in tthey last 12 months. And wtheyn we look at tthey impact of foreign exchange on our revenue for tthey December quarter, we're looking at 200 basis points of theyadwinds which translates, given our tthey size of our business, to almost $2 billion of theyadwind to our revenue. Tthey third point that I think it's important to keep in mind, and Tim has talked about ttheir, we are launching, in tthey last six weeks, we've launctheyd an unprecedented number of new products. Ttheyy're all ramping right now. Tthey ramps are going fairly well, but obviously we have some uncertainty around supply/demand balance for some of ttheyse products. And ttheyn finally, tthey last point that we've taken into account is what Tim's talked about in terms of some level of uncertainty at tthey macroeconomic level in some emerging markets wtheyre clearly consumer confidence is not as high as it was 12 months ago. So take that into account and that's how we got to tthey range. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, I just want to talk a little bit about tthey pullback in terms of guidance from a unit perspective. I understand you don't want to give guidance because of 90 days is a short period of time and it can fluctuate, but what kind of qualitative commentary do you think you'll be able to provide? Because it's obviously investors have spent tthey last however many years going P times Q. So, how should we think about what we can expect and sort of how are you going to manage ttheir process as we go through? I know it's all our job to forecast, but. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. Let me walk you through tthey rationale that we've used and ttheyn I'll talk about ttheir qualitative commentary that you were mentioning. As I said, right, our objective is to make great products, provide tthey best customer experience, and get our customer satisfied, engaged and loyal to our ecosystem. Wtheyn you look at our financial performance in recent years, take tthey last three years, for example, tthey number of units sold during any quarter has not been necessarily representative of tthey underlying strength of our business. If you look at our revenue, given tthey last three years, if you look at our net income during tthey last three years, if you look at our stock price theyre in tthey last three years, ttheyre's no correlation to tthey units sold in any given period. As you know very well, in addition, our product ranges for all tthey major product categories have become wider over time and ttheyrefore, a unit of sale is less relevant for us at ttheir point compared to tthey past, because we got ttheir much wider sales price dispersion, so unit of sale per se becomes less relevant. As I know you're aware, by tthey way, our top competitors in smartphones, in tablets, in computers, do not provide quarterly unit sales information eittheyr. But of course we understand that ttheir is something of interest and wtheyn we believe that providing qualitative commentary on unit sales offers additional relevant information to investors, we will do so. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Looking at one additional point ttheyre just for clarity is, Shannon, our intention is to continue to give revenue guidance at tthey company level and gross margin guidance in tthey ottheyr categories that we've been providing and so that our guidance isn't changing. It's tthey actual report that changes. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Thanks very much and good afternoon. With tthey staggered iPhone launch, were you able to discern any impact on tthey XS and XS Max from buyers potentially waiting for tthey XR, and what if anything can we take away from tthey December quarter guidance related to what you're seeing for early demand of tthey XR? And ttheyn I have a follow-up, thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Mike, it's Tim. Tthey XS and XS Max got off to a really great start and we've only been selling for a few weeks. Tthey XR, we've only had out ttheyre for I guess five days or so at ttheir point, and so we have very, very little data ttheyre. Usually ttheyre is some amount of wait until anottheyr product shows up and look, but in looking at tthey data, on tthey sales data for XS and XS Max, ttheyre's not obvious evidence of that in tthey data, as I see it. Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Got it, and you mentioned record levels for various components of tthey services business. As we look forward, if growth of services is to maintain something close to tthey recent pace, what are tthey components of services that you're particularly excited about that could drive that and be tthey strongest drivers? And maybe an offshoot to that, it seems like tthey news flow around augmented reality has slowed a little bit in recent months. Is that potentially a materially contributor to services in tthey near future? Thanks. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Mike, as we said, during tthey September quarter, we set new records for many, many services categories, right, from Apple Music to cloud services to tthey App Store to AppleCare and Apple Pay really has an exponential trajectory right now. Wtheyn we look at our services business, we think about tthey fact that we have a very large and growing installed base. Tthey installed base of all our major product categories is at an all-time high and has been growing over tthey last several quarters, so tthey opportunity for us to monetize our services business continues to grow over time. Of course, we're also improving tthey quality of tthey services that we provide and if you look back during tthey last three years, we've added new services to our portfolio. We added Apple Pay, we added Apple Music. We added ttheir advertising business on our App Store. And clearly, we will want to continue to offer new services over time, so ttheyre are a number of vectors that allow us to continue to grow tthey business over time. We have stated that we want to double tthey size of tthey services business from tthey level that we had in fiscal 2016 by 2020. We are well on pace to achieve that, and we feel very, very confident about tthey future and tthey opportunities that we have in tthey services space. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Mike, in terms of your question on AR, I have a different view than you do on ttheir one. Just a year ago, practically a year ago, we came out with ARKit 1. Six months or so after that we came out with 1.5. We ttheyn recently came out with ARKit 2. Tthey number of things that you can do are growing significantly. Tthey number of developers that eittheyr have done something, or even more tthey case, that are working on things that I've seen are growing tremendously. Ttheyre's a lot of interest out ttheyre and tthey number of categories that I'm seeing from gaming to shopping, to I was in China a few weeks ago and saw AR in an art sense, in an art exhibit. I was in Berlin last week and saw it being used in a theirtorical educational kind of sense. I'm seeing it sort of everywtheyre I go now, and so I think we are in tthey early days, and it'll keep getting better and better, but I'm really happy with wtheyre things are at tthey moment. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Mike. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Next we'll go to Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Robert Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Tim, given tthey current trade negotiations and broader geopolitical risk, do you have any plans to consider diversifying tthey supply chain? And if you were to do that, eittheyr on your own or sort of forced, do you think it would have significant impact on tthey business or profitability? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Katy, if you look at tthey products that we have created and are manufacturing, ttheyy're really manufactured everywtheyre. We have significant content from tthey U.S. market. We have content from Japan to Korea to many countries, and we have great content from China as well, and so ttheyre are many hands in tthey products. Tthey vast majority or almost all of tthey R&D is in tthey United States, as well as a lot of tthey support organizations. And so, I think that that basic model wtheyre you look around tthey world and find tthey best in different areas, I don't expect that model to go out of style, so to speak. I think ttheyre's a reason why things have developed in that way and I think it's great for all countries and citizens of countries that are involved in that. And I'm still of tthey mindset that I feel very optimistic and positive that tthey discussions that are going will be fruitful. Ttheyse relationships, ttheyse trade relationships are big and complex, and ttheyy clearly do need a level of focus and a level of updating and modernization. And so I'm optimistic that tthey countries, tthey U.S. and China and tthey U.S. and Europe and so forth, can work ttheyse things out and work for tthey benefit of everyone. Robert Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC That's theylpful color. And, Luca, as a follow-up, NAND prices fell significantly during tthey September quarter. Why aren't we seeing that flow through to margin expansion for tthey overall company? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. You're referring to tthey guidance that we provided for Q1, I imagine. Robert Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Let me give you tthey puts and takes, Katy. You're correct. We are going to be getting some benefits from commodities in general and memory in particular. Memory on a sequential basis is about 30 basis points favorable for us going into tthey December quarter. And obviously, we're going to be benefiting from tthey leverage, which is typical of our seasonality in tthey December quarter. On tthey ottheyr hand, as I mentioned before, currencies have weakened against tthey U.S. dollar, and tthey impact that we expect at tthey gross margin level from foreign exchange is a 90 basis points theyadwind sequentially. And of course, at ttheir point in tthey cycle, we also have higtheyr cost structures because, as I said, we've launctheyd so many new products in tthey last six weeks. So those are tthey puts and takes, leverage and commodity savings on one side and FX and tthey new products on tthey ottheyr side. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next, we'll go to Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you very much, a question for Tim and a question for Luca, and I'll ask ttheym at tthey same time, so you can decide who wants to go first or second. But operationally, Tim, I think your company is at a disadvantage relative to ottheyrs in India, giving wtheyre items are produced versus shipped versus taxed versus installed as well as ability to own stores. So can you theylp us address that? Is India going to potentially be a big area, as I think you got about only about 1% market share, but it sounded like things may be softer ttheyre? And ttheyn for Luca, ttheyre will probably be a lot of pushback about not giving iPhone unit data. It sounds like you're still going to give revenue data, if I theyard that correctly, but some people may fear that ttheir now means that tthey iPhone units are going to start going negative year over year because it's easier to talk about great things and not show tthey details of things that aren't so great. So thank you very much, gentlemen. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Okay, I'll start with India. We've had really great productive discussions with tthey Indian government, and I fully expect that at some point, ttheyy will agree to allow us to bring our stores into tthey country. We've been in discussions with ttheym, and tthey discussions are going quite well. As you point out, ttheyre are import duties in some or most of tthey product categories that we're in. In some cases, ttheyy compound, and ttheir is an area that we're giving lots of feedback on. We do manufacture some of tthey entry iPhones in India, and that project has gone well. I am a big believer in India. I am very bullish on tthey country and tthey people and our ability to do well ttheyre. Tthey currency weakness has been part of our challenge ttheyre, as you can tell from just looking at tthey currency trends, but I view ttheyse as speed bumps along a very long journey, though. And tthey long term I think is very, very strong ttheyre. Ttheyre's a huge number of people that will move into tthey middle class. Tthey government has really focused on reform in a major way and made some very bold moves. And I applaud ttheym for doing that and I can't wait for tthey future ttheyre. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. And, Jim, let me take tthey question on units. First of all, as Tim said, our approach to guidance, providing guidance doesn't change at all. We continue to provide tthey same metrics that we were providing before. In terms of reporting results, one of tthey things that we are doing, and it's new and it's in addition to tthey information that we provide to investors because we've theyard some significant level of interest around ttheir, is starting with tthey December quarter, for tthey first time we're going to be providing information on revenue and cost of sales, and ttheyrefore gross margins for both products and services. And ttheir will be tthey first time that we're going to provide gross margin information for our services business, which we believe is an important metric for our investors to follow. Given tthey rationale on why we do not believe that providing unit sales is particularly relevant for our company at ttheir point, I can reassure you that it is our objective to grow unit sales for every product category that we have. But as I said earlier, a unit of sale is less relevant today than it was in tthey past. To give you an example, tthey unit sales of iPhone at tthey top end of tthey line have been very strong during tthey September quarter, and that's very important because we're attracting customers to tthey most recent technologies and features and innovation that we bring into tthey lineup, but you don't necessarily see that in tthey number that is reported. And so ttheyrefore, we will, as I said, we'll provide qualitative commentary wtheyn it is important and relevant. But at tthey end of tthey day, we make our decisions from a financial standpoint to try and optimize our revenue and our gross margin dollars, and that we think is tthey focus that is in tthey best interest of our investors. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Jim, let me just add a couple things to that for color. Our installed base is growing at double digit, and that's probably a much more significant metric for us from an ecosystem point of view and tthey customer loyalty, et cetera. Tthey second thing is ttheir is a little bit like if you go to tthey market and you push your cart up to tthey cashier and ttheyy says, or they says how many units you have in ttheyre? It doesn't matter a lot how many units ttheyre are in ttheyre in terms of tthey overall value of what's in tthey cart. Jason Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 3699080. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.