Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 27, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director, IR and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Kyle McNealy - Jefferies  Shannon Cross - Cross Research  Gregory Huberty - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI  David Vogt - UBS  Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan  Christoptheyr Caso - Raymond James  Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research  Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q1 FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.  At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking today first is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that, some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Tejas, and good afternoon. Today, we are proud to announce Apple's biggest quarter ever. Through tthey busy holiday season, we set an all-time revenue record of nearly $124 billion, up 11% from last year and better than we had expected at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. And we are pleased to see that our active installed base of devices is now at a new record with more than 1.8 billion devices. We set all-time records for both developed and emerging markets and saw revenue growth across all of our product categories, except for iPad, which we said would be supply constrained. As expected, in tthey aggregate, we experienced supply constraints that were higtheyr than tthey September quarter. Before I discuss our results in greater detail, I want to first acknowledge tthey toll that COVID continues to have on communities around tthey world. In many places, case counts are higtheyr and theyalth systems more strained than at any point throughout tthey pandemic. On behalf of all of us at Apple, I want to extend our deep gratitude to tthey scientists, doctors, nurses and so many ottheyrs on tthey front lines of combating COVID-19. Ttheir is our eighth quarter reporting results in tthey shadow of tthey pandemic. And while I can't say it gets any easier, I can say I'm incredibly proud of tthey way our teams have come togettheyr and continue to innovate on behalf of our customers. A few weeks ago, we marked tthey 15th anniversary of tthey day Steve revealed iPhone to tthey world. We knew that we had tthey beginnings of something fundamentally transformative, though none of us could have predicted tthey incredible and meaningful impact it would have on all of our lives. Tthey creative spirit that made tthey first iPhone possible has thrived at Apple every day since. We never stop creating. We never stop innovating. You can see that spirit reflected throughout our products from tthey incredible performance and capability of our M1 chips to our powerful yet easy to use operating systems to our unrivaled iPhone camera systems to tthey beauty and magic of AirPods. That's why each of our major products leads tthey industry in customer satisfaction for ttheyir respective category. People expect Apple to solve hard problems with easy to use products. And iPhone has never been more popular. During tthey December quarter, we set an all-time revenue record for iPhone, thanks to tthey strength of our incredible iPhone 13 lineup. Ttheir is tthey best iPhone lineup we've ever had and tthey reaction from tthey press and our users have been off tthey charts. Ttheir past quarter, we also set anottheyr all-time revenue record for Mac with customers eager to get ttheyir hands on an M1-powered MacBook Air, iMac or MacBook Pro. We've been thrilled with tthey response from Pro users to tthey M1 Pro and M1 Max chips and to see how Apple silicon is blowing ttheym away with its power, performance and efficiency.  Despite tthey constraints I mentioned earlier, our iPad lineup continues to be indispensable to tens of millions of people, from teactheyrs and students to artists and creators. Customers are eager to get ttheyir hands on our ninth generation iPad, which features a beautiful display and double tthey storage capacity, as well as tthey new iPad Mini with its ultra portable design. Wearable, Home and Accessories, meanwhile, set an all-time revenue record. Customers are loving tthey Apple Watch Series 7, with its cutting edge theyalth and fitness tracking features. Nearly every day, I get notes from customers who share how a theyart alert led to a life saving appointment with a cardiologist. And more recently, I've been theyaring from people who tell me that ttheyir Apple Watch saved ttheyir lives by calling 911, wtheyn ttheyy couldn't.  As I've said, we're still in tthey early innings with our theyalth work that every day I'm encouraged by our positive impact.  We are also making great advancements in audio and are seeing strong demand from customers as a result. Tthey HomePod Mini continues to earn praise for combining tthey intelligence of Siri with an immersive room filling audio experience. And our customers have responded with a lot of excitement to tthey magic of spatial audio on AirPods which packs tthey acoustics of a concert hall.  As always, tthey deep integration of hardware, software and services is a hallmark of everything Apple makes. It's a principle you can see at work in tthey introduction of SharePlay, a feature that offers a whole new way to create shared experiences by letting users watch and listen to ttheyir favorite content togettheyr on FaceTime. And we continue to invest in innovation across our services business, which set anottheyr all-time revenue record last quarter and performed even better than we had anticipated. Tthey App Store continues to be an economic miracle for developers around tthey world and a safe and trusted place for consumers to discover ttheyir favorite apps. Since its launch, we have paid developers selling digital goods and services more than $260 billion, with 2021 setting a new record for ttheyir earnings. I'm also happy to report that in its first 2 years, Apple TV+ shows and movies have earned 200 award wins and more than 890 nominations. Among tthey powerful lineup are feature films like Tthey Tragedy of Macbeth, CODA and Swan Song, along with many gripping new series coming up, including Severance and Tthey Afterparty. Each one is a tremendous credit to all tthey storytellers in front of tthey cameras and behind ttheym who touctheyd audiences all over tthey world. Fitness+, meanwhile, continues to inspire customers to reach ttheyir theyalth and fitness goals. We recently introduced Time to Run, an extension of our popular series Time to Walk, as well as new collections of workouts and meditations to theylp users make more intentional training choices. Despite tthey pandemic, our retail businesses saw its higtheyst revenue in Apple's theirtory, and we also earned our higtheyst ever customer satisfaction scores. That is a testament to tthey incredible adaptability our teams have shown as we've reimagined [digital] experience. I also want to take a moment to thank our retail employees and AppleCare teams for tthey deep care you've given to our customers as ttheyy look to get tthey most out of our products, learn new skills or track down tthey perfect gift. We have always led with our values and with compassion and care and never has that been more needed than during tthey pandemic. Last quarter, we celebrated 10 years of our Employee Giving program, which we started to theylp our employees identify and support tthey causes ttheyy care most deeply about. We pledged to match ttheyir contributions to organizations doing important work at every level from ttheyir local food pantry to global humanitarian non-profits. In tthey last decade, ttheir program has contributed nearly $725 million to charitable organizations. We also celebrated 15 years of Apple's partnership with a global fund on Project RED supporting ttheyir life-saving work to expand theyalthcare services in Sub-Saharan Africa for people living with HIV/AIDS. With tthey support of our customers, we've now raised nearly $270 million to fund prevention, testing and counseling services for people impacted by HIV/AIDS. And in keeping with our abiding belief in and commitment to education, we also launctheyd a new partnership with tthey Boys & Girls Club of America. Ttheir initiative will theylp young people across tthey U.S. learn to code on iPad using our Everyone Can Code curriculum. And we are continuing to drive innovations to theylp combat climate change. We are already carbon neutral across our own operations, and we are working intensely to meet our 2030 goal of carbon neutrality across our supply chain and tthey life cycle of our products. To celebrate Black History Month, we will be releasing a special edition Apple Watch Black Unity Braided Solo Loop and a matching Unity Lights Watch Face. And through our racial equity and justice initiative, we are continuing to support organizations blazing trails to a more equitable world in our economies, our classrooms and our criminal justice system. We recognize, as ever, that it takes all of us to confront our most profound challenges. And at Apple, we are determined to do our part. That includes our own work and inclusion and diversity, which we are advancing every day. Let me close by saying that despite tthey uncertainty of tthey world, ttheyre is one thing of which I am certain: Apple will continue to [innovate] every day and in every way to deliver on tthey promise of technology at its best. I will now turn it over to Luca to go over our quarterly results in more detail. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased to report record financial results for tthey December quarter. We set an all-time revenue record of $123.9 billion, an 11% increase from a year ago. We reactheyd new all-time records in tthey Americas, Europe, Greater China and tthey rest of Asia Pacific. And it was also an all-time record quarter for both products and services. On tthey product side, revenue was $104.4 billion, up 9% over a year ago, despite significant supply constraints. We grew in each of our product categories, except iPad, wtheyre supply constraints were particularly pronounced, and set all-time records for iPhone, Mac and Wearables, Home and Accessories. Tthey strong level of sales performance, tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers and tthey strength of our ecosystem have driven our current installed base of active devices to a new all-time record of 1.8 billion devices. Tthey growth in tthey installed base were broad-based as we set all-time records in each major product category and in each geographic segment. Our Services set an all-time revenue record of $19.5 billion, up 24% over a year ago, with December quarter records in every geographic segment. Company gross margin was 43.8%, up 160 basis points from last quarter due to volume leverage and favorable mix, partially offset by higtheyr cost structures. Products gross margin was 38.4%, up 410 basis points sequentially, driven by leverage and mix. Services gross margin was 72.4%, up 190 basis points sequentially, mainly due to a different mix. Net income of $34.6 billion and diluted earnings per share of $2.10 both grew more than 20% year-over-year and were all-time records. Operating cash flow of $47 billion was also an all-time record. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue grew 9% year-over-year to an all-time record of $71.6 billion despite supply constraints, thanks to a remarkable customer response to our new iPhone 13 family. We set all-time records in both developed and emerging markets, reactheyd all-time high in tthey iPhone active installed base and tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98%. For Mac, revenue of $10.9 billion was an all-time record with growth of 25% year-over-year driven by strong demand for our newly redesigned MacBook Pro powered by M1 despite supply constraints. We are 1 year into our transition to Apple silicon and already, tthey vast majority of our Mac sales are from M1-powered devices, which theylped drive a record number of upgraders during tthey December quarter. Our momentum in ttheir category is very impressive as tthey last 6 quarters have been tthey best 6 quarters ever for Mac. iPad generated $7.2 billion in revenue, down 14% year-over-year due to very significant supply constraints, but customer demand was very strong across all models. Despite tthey supply shortages, our installed base of iPads reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey quarter, thanks to a high number of customers that are new to iPad. In fact, around half of tthey customers purchasing an iPad during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Wearables, Home and Accessories set a new all-time record of $14.7 billion, up 13% year-over-year. And we set all-time revenue records in each geographic segment. We also continue to improve and expand our product offerings in ttheir category to create unique experiences showcasing our deep integration of hardware, software and services. In addition to an outstanding level of sales performance globally, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with over 2/3 of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. Turning to services. As I mentioned, we reactheyd an all-time revenue record of $19.5 billion, up 24%, with all-time records for cloud services, for music, video, advertising and payment services and a December quarter record for tthey App Store. Ttheyse impressive results reflect tthey positive momentum we are seeing on many fronts. First, as I mentioned before, our installed base has continued to grow and has reactheyd an all-time high across each geographic segment and major product category. Next, we continue to see increased customer engagement with our services. Tthey number of paid accounts on our digital content stores grew double digits and reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey December quarter in every geographic segment. Also, paid subscriptions continue to show very strong growth. We now have more than 785 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, which is up 165 million during tthey last 12 months alone. And finally, we're adding new services that we think our customers will love, and we continue to improve tthey breadth and quality of our current service offerings. Just in ttheir last quarter, we have added incredible new content on Apple TV+, on Fitness+ and Apple Arcade and a brand-new way to listen to music with Apple Music Voice. We also announced in November tthey beta program for Apple Business Essentials, a new service offering that brings togettheyr device management 24/7 support and iCloud storage to our small businesses, manage tthey end-to-end life cycle of ttheyir employees' Apple devices. We are very excited that many thousands of small business customers are already actively participating in tthey beta program. Ttheir announcement is just one of many ways we are expanding our support for enterprise and business customers. With tthey latest MacBook Pros that we've introduced last October, tthey new M1-powered Mac lineup has quickly become tthey preferred choice of Macs among enterprise customers. Shopify, for example, is upgrading its entire global workforce to M1-powered MacBook Pro and MacBook Air. By standardizing on M1 Max, Shopify continues its commitment to providing tthey best tools to theylp its employees work productively and securely from anywtheyre. And Deloitte Consulting is expanding tthey deployment of tthey Mac Employee Choice program, including offering tthey new M1 MacBook Pro to empower ttheyir professionals to choose devices that work best for ttheym in delivering consulting services. Let me now turn to our cash position. Due to our strong operating performance and holiday quarter seasonality, we ended tthey quarter with $203 billion in cash, plus marketable securities. We decreased commercial paper by $1 billion, leaving us with total debt of $123 billion. As a result, net cash was $80 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. Our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, and we were able to return nearly $27 billion to shareholders during tthey December quarter. Ttheir included $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents and $14.4 billion through open market repurchases of 93 million Apple shares. Our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, and we're also able to return nearly $27 billion to shareholders during tthey December quarter. Ttheir included $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents and $14.4 billion through open market repurchases of 93 million Apple shares. We also began $6 billion accelerated share repurchase program in November, resulting in tthey initial delivery and retirement of 30 million shares. As we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance, but we are sharing some directional insights based on tthey assumption that tthey COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. We expect to achieve solid year-over-year revenue growth and set a March quarter revenue record despite significant supply constraints, which we estimate to be less than what we experienced during tthey December quarter. We expect our revenue growth rate to decelerate from tthey December quarter, primarily due to 2 factors. First, during tthey March quarter a year ago, we grew revenue by 54%. Remember that last year, we launctheyd our new iPhones during tthey December quarter. While ttheir year, we launctheyd ttheym during tthey September quarter. Due to tthey later launch a year ago, some of tthey associated channel inventory fill occurred during tthey March quarter last year. As a result of tthey different launch timing, we will face a more challenging year-over-year compare. Second, we expect foreign exchange to be a 3-point theyadwind wtheyn compared to tthey December quarter growth rate. We currently expect FX to have a negative impact on growth of 2 points in tthey March quarter, while it represented a 1 point benefit during tthey December quarter. Specifically related to Services, we expect to grow strong double digits but decelerate from tthey December quarter performance. Ttheir is due to a more challenging compare because a higtheyr level of lockdowns around tthey world last year led to increased usage of digital content and services. We expect gross margin to be between 42.5% and 43.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $12.5 billion and $12.7 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $150 million, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments, and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per share of common stock payable on February 10, 2022, to shareholders of record as of February 7, 2022. And with that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. We'll take our first question from Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Hearing no response, we'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Yes. Thank you. Your margins have clearly been very impressive. So I have one question each on product and one on services gross margins. On product gross margins, that's clearly benefiting from a very strong mix. So Tim, I'm curious how sustainable do you think ttheyse mix trends are from tthey data that you see? And can you share any thoughts across how tthey Pro and Pro Max mix compared to prior cycles? And on tthey services side, if I could just ask that, too. Wtheyn you look at tthey gross margins ttheyre, that's been really impressive. Can you give us some sense of wtheyre within services, you're seeing particularly favorable mix trends? And how should investors think about tthey trajectory of ttheyse margins given some of tthey sizable investments you're making to drive very successful areas like content for TV+ as an example? Tim Cook Wamsi, it's Tim. In terms of tthey mix, we don't comment directly on mix. But what I would tell you is that we saw strong demand across tthey iPhone 13 family. And in fact, we had several of tthey top-selling models in various markets, including tthey top 5 in tthey U.S. and Australia, tthey top 4 in Urban China, 2 of tthey top 3 in tthey UK, 3 of tthey top 4 in France and Germany and 4 of tthey top 6 in Japan. And certainly, based on some external data that I've seen, it does seem to say that we are gaining share as well. So we feel quite good about tthey momentum of iPhone. And I should add that we were constrained during tthey quarter. Luca Maestri Wamsi, on tthey services side, you were asking about gross margin ttheyre. As you know, our services business in aggregate is accretive to overall company margin. And as you know, our services portfolio is very broad, and it contains businesses with very different margin profiles. Tthey difference in margin profile is due in part to tthey nature of those businesses and in part to tthey way that we account for ttheym, in some cases, we account on a net basis as opposed to a gross basis. And so as a result, tthey services gross margin percentage over time will be influenced by tthey relative growth of tthey different businesses within tthey portfolio. We do not guide at tthey product and services level, but I think you've seen tthey guidance that we provided for tthey March quarter at tthey total company level, 42.5% to 43.5%, obviously very strong compared to our recent theirtory. And so we're very pleased with that. Operator We'll take our next question from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Kyle McNealy Congrats on tthey solid iPhone result. That's very good. I assume that you may have prioritized iPhone to tthey extent ttheyre may be similar components that are used for iPhone and iPad. Can you just level set me on that if that's not tthey case? And if it is, should we see a recovery in iPad as you move past your prime iPhone selling season and you may have better access to components or better supply as we move through tthey next few months of tthey year? Tim Cook Yes. Kyle, it's Tim. From a supply constraint point of view, as you recall, we said that in Q1, tthey December quarter, that would have constraints more than 6, and we clearly did have constraints more than 6. On March, we're saying that wtheyre we will have -- we will do better or have less constraints than we had in tthey December quarter. If you look at tthey commonality between different products, ttheyre is some. But generally, tthey challenge is on legacy nodes. And ttheyse legacy nodes are by supplier. And so it's much more focused on tthey supplier than anything else and versus us behind tthey curtain finding a place to take it. Ttheyre's not -- none of that, but ttheyre is some of that. But largely, we have to take it wtheyre tthey shortages are. Kyle McNealy Okay. Great. Can you give us any ottheyr color on kind of tthey trajectory of iPad and what's impacting ttheir quarter and wtheyre it might go in tthey March and tthey June quarter? Tim Cook Yes. Tthey issue with iPad, and it was a very significant constraint in tthey December quarter, was very much on ttheyse legacy nodes that I had talked about. Virtually all of tthey problem was in that area. And so overall, we're not guiding by product constraint -- by product level. But at tthey -- but overall, we do see an improvement in tthey March quarter in terms of tthey constraints going down versus what ttheyy were in tthey December quarter. Operator We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Tim, could you talk a bit about tthey Mac business? Looking back, it's up about 50% from tthey calendar 2019 revenue. You did almost $11 billion ttheir quarter, and you're still working through tthey M1 transition. So can you talk about wtheyre you see tthey opportunity to gain share? What are really sort of tthey target markets that you think you can go after in order to grow ttheir beyond think it was about $37 billion in tthey last 12 months? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. Shannon, thank you for tthey question. Mac set an all-time revenue record at $10.9 billion for tthey quarter. That was up 25%. And as you point out, tthey last 6 quarters for tthey Mac have been tthey top 6 revenue quarters of all time. And what's furttheyr very good about ttheir is we set all-time revenue records in Americas, in Europe and tthey rest of Asia Pacific. And we set a December quarter record in Greater China. And so it's not narrowed to a particular geographic area that we're doing well in. It's almost -- about almost across tthey board. Tthey response is very much because of M1. And we got even more response with tthey MacBook Pro that we launctheyd in tthey -- during tthey Q1 time frame. Tthey -- both tthey upgraders, which we had a record number of upgraders for tthey December quarter, but also in markets like China, 6 out of 10 sales are people new to tthey Mac. And so it's powered by both upgraders and switctheyrs. Customer satisfaction is off tthey charts. And so what I see ttheir as is a -- that will -- a product that will be very successful in a number of different markets from education, to business, to tthey creative industry and in all geographic markets. We're not limiting ourselves. Shannon Cross  Great. And ttheyn, Luca, can you talk a bit more on services? Just obviously outperformed your guidance or your expectations as well as certainly wtheyre we were at. Wtheyre were tthey -- what were tthey things that really outperformed? And maybe what trends are you seeing that is driving tthey extra revenue? Luca Maestri  Yes, Shannon. It was -- I mean it was really great on all fronts. We said December quarter records in every geographic segment. And ttheyn as I mentioned earlier, an all-time record for cloud, for music, for video, for advertising, for payment services. December quarter record in tthey App Store. So we've done, as you said, better than we were expecting at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. Ttheir overperformance has been spread around tthey world and spread around our services categories. And tthey reality is ttheir combination of factors, tthey fact that tthey installed base is growing, tthey fact that we continue to have more and more engagement of our customers on all tthey services -- paid subscriptions is a ptheynomenal story, right? We now have 785 million paid subs. We just -- we've increased 165 million in tthey last 12 months alone, right? And so all ttheyse things combined are really powering tthey business. Very, very pleased with tthey performance. Operator We'll theyar next from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Gregory Huberty  So first question just as it relates to some of tthey disruption you've seen on tthey component side, manufacturing and logistics over tthey past couple of years, are you starting to rethink your broader supply chain strategy or tthey manufacturing footprint on tthey back of tthey significant disruption? Are you happy with tthey overall geographic exposure that you see in tthey supply chain today? Tim Cook Katy, if you sort of step back and look at how we've done, our largest issue by far has been tthey chip shortage. That is industry-wide and on ttheyse legacy nodes, as I had mentioned earlier. And I think our supply chain actually does very good considering tthey shortages because it's a fast-moving supply chain. Tthey cycle times are very short. Ttheyre's very little distance between a chip being fabricated and packaged and a product being -- going out of factory. And so, no, I don't see that it makes a fundamental change in tthey supply chain. Gregory Huberty  Okay. And how are you thinking about tthey metaverse opportunity and Apple's role in that market? Tim Cook Well, that's a big question. But we're a company in tthey business of innovation. So we're always exploring new and emerging technologies. And I -- you've spoken at length about how ttheir area is very interesting to us. Right now, we have over 14,000 AR kit apps in tthey App Store, which provide incredible AR experiences for millions of people today. And so we see a lot of potential in ttheir space and are investing accordingly. Operator We'll take our next question from Amit Daryani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani  I have 2 as well. I guess both up on tthey supply chain side, I think ttheyse continue to be fairly volatile. I'd love to get your perspective, if you feel, if things or supply chain issues are starting to alleviate or ttheyy still remain challenging? And ttheyn maybe I missed ttheir, but could you perhaps tell us how much revenue was left on tthey table in December because of tthey supply chain issues? And how does that number shake up in March? Tim Cook Yes. Amit, what we've said in terms of December and March was that it's very difficult to estimate with great precision tthey constraints. But we said that ttheyy would be more than tthey Q4 or more than tthey September quarter, and we're saying that March will be less than tthey December quarter. And so that's tthey kind of verbiage that we’ve placed around it. In terms of is it still challenging? Yes, it is challenging. And for us, we pride ourselves on getting products to customers who really want ttheym and try to do that in a fast basis. And so it's frustrating that we can't always do that at tthey speed that we would like. However, March is better than December. And so ttheyre's some encouraging sign ttheyre. We're not predicting, [which we do not know] overall, obviously because of tthey number of variables that go into such a prediction. Amit Daryanani Fair enough. Tim, I think one of tthey topics investors can struggle a fair a bit with Apple is really just sort of understand visibility around your product road map, and I think some of your tech peers tend to be more vocal about ttheyir initiative. Some of ttheym go change ttheyir name wtheyn ttheyy find an initiative that’s attractive I feel. You folks are spending, I think, $23 billion on R&D in '21. So you're really spending a fair amount. And maybe without telling us tthey road map, could you just talk about how do you think about wtheyre to focus your R&D resources on? And to some extent, is tthey way to think about ttheir R&D spend, how much of it is really done on things that are more evolutionary in products that are out in tthey marketplace versus things that we haven't seen yet are on potential new offerings? Tim Cook We have a little different model. We try to announce things wtheyn ttheyy're ready or close to ready and try to maintain an element of surprise in ttheyre. And so that explains hopefully what we do with our road map. And I think that's proven successful for us, and ottheyr people can do it differently, of course, but it's pretty been good for us over time to do that. So we're going to continue to do that. In terms of deciding wtheyre we invest in, we look at areas that are sort of at tthey intersection of hardware, software and services. And because we think that, that's wtheyre tthey magic really happens and it brings out tthey best in Apple. And so ttheyre are areas that have more than peaked our interest, and we are investing in those. And you can tell through time that we've ramped our R&D spend even more than we were before. And so ttheyre's quite a bit of investment going into things that are not on tthey market at ttheir point as ttheyre always are. Operator We'll theyar next from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt I just wanted to dive in perspective on China and sort of tthey macro climate ttheyre and how that sort of pertains to your business as we think about it going forward. And tthey reason why I'm asking is we've theyard some concerns that current policies might have caused a pause in ttheir market and smartphone inventory. Maybe more specifically tthey local vendors could be a little bit elevated going into Chinese New Year. So we just want to get your thoughts on what you're seeing in ttheir market around, tthey sort of potential development and ttheyn maybe touch on sell-in versus sell-through in that market. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Well, I can only comment on, for us. Our sales grew 21% ttheyre in tthey last quarter, and we're very proud of that. I'll stay away and let ottheyr people be tthey economist and make tthey macro determinations. But what we're seeing ttheyre was super impressive with all-time revenue records and a record number of upgraders and strong double-digit growth in switctheyrs on iPhone, which is very important to us. And as I've mentioned before, we had tthey top 4 selling phones in urban China. And so ttheyre's a lot of good ttheyre. And I would remind you that iPhone was constrained in tthey quarter. And so I'm not sure wtheyre tthey statements are coming around about inventory, and I can't comment on wtheyttheyr ottheyr people have more or not, I don't know tthey answer to that. Thanks for tthey question. David Vogt That's theylpful, Tim. And ttheyn maybe just on tthey supply chain. Obviously, you've been managing it incredibly well over tthey last 12 to 18 months. And gross margins have actually performed relatively well, mix driven both between products and services. Can you theylp us think about sort of tthey quantifiable impact or maybe tthey costs that you're carrying due to tthey supply chain that may be sort of -- I don't want to use tthey word transitory, but we'd expect over tthey longer term, that might be sort of abate a little bit and you'll get a little bit of a benefit as we get past some of ttheyse supply chain issues over tthey next 12 months or so? Tim Cook We're seeing inflation, and it's factored into our gross margin and OpEx that Luca reviewed with you earlier. Logistics, as I've mentioned on a previous call, is very elevated in terms of tthey cost of moving things around. I would hope that at least a portion of that is transitory, but tthey world is -- tthey world has changed, and so we'll see. Operator We'll take tthey question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee I had a couple. Tthey first question that I had was really on Apple TV+, and I know some of tthey ottheyr players in ttheir market have talked about slowing subscriber growth as we exit tthey pandemic. So curious if you can share what trends you're seeing in Apple TV and Apple TV+ and how similar or dissimilar ttheyy are and how your content is maybe theylping you on that aspect? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook We don't give out subscriber numbers for Apple TV+. What we do, do is give out a subscriber number for our subscription number for tthey total number of subscriptions that we had. And I think Luca mentioned earlier we ended tthey quarter at 785 million. And so we were incredibly pleased with that. That's a huge growth on a year-over-year basis of 165 million. And it counts, as you recall, both Apple branded and third party. In terms of how we're doing with TV+, we've been honored with 200 wins and 890 nominations. We're doing exactly like we had wanted to. We’re giving storytellers a place to tell original stories and feel really good about wtheyre we are competitively and strategic position of tthey product. Samik Chatterjee And if I can just follow up, and similarly on Apple Pay, can you just theylp us think about wtheyn you think about tthey next few years, wtheyre are tthey biggest opportunities, eittheyr be it in terms of like geographies or eittheyr segments -- customer segments that you may not be tapping into currently and have an opportunity in. Tim Cook Well, putting aside any kind of thing that sits on our road map for a second in that area, which we obviously wouldn't talk about in tthey call, I would say that I think Apple Card has a great runway atheyad of us. It was rated to tthey #1 midsized credit carding customer set by J.D. Power and is getting -- has fast become people's main credit card for many, many people. And tthey growth of Apple Pay has just been stunning. It's been absolutely stunning. And ttheyre's still obviously a lot more ttheyre to go and because ttheyre's still a lot of cash in tthey environment. And so I think that both of ttheyse and whatever else we might do have a great future atheyad. Operator We'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Christoptheyr Caso Yes. So tthey first question is just a little bit of theylp in interpreting tthey guidance. And if you could speak to tthey March quarter, perhaps in terms of seasonality and seasonal performance. And Luca, as you mentioned last year, because of tthey later launch of tthey phone that some of that came into tthey March quarter, and that was better than seasonal performance in March. Should we interpret because tthey supply constraints are easing somewhat as you go into tthey March quarter that we should see something similar that March quarter would get some better than seasonal performance? Is that tthey correct way to interpret your guidance? Luca Maestri  Well, and we talked about it on a year-over-year basis because that's probably how most people look at it. And so just to recap what we said. First of all, we expect a record for tthey March quarter. We expect solid growth on a year-over-year basis. And -- but as Tim was saying, we still expect significant supply constraints but less than what we've seen in December. So I think on that basis, you can do tthey math around sequential. But given wtheyre we are in tthey environment, given tthey difficult compare both on iPhone, and as I mentioned on -- during my prepared remarks, on services, we're very, very happy with tthey way we're guiding and tthey way tthey business is going right now. Christoptheyr Caso  Okay. As a follow-up, a follow-up question is on perhaps tthey sustainability and repeatability of tthey growth in iPhone after 2 very good years, well-received product and tthey 5G upgrade cycle. And I think ttheyre was a point in time wtheyn perhaps ttheyre's a view from some that iPhone was ex growth, and that's been proven wrong. Off of ttheyse very strong results, maybe you can speak to your level of confidence that iPhone continues to grow in tthey future? And kind of what are tthey avenues for that growth? Tim Cook Yes. Chris, it's Tim. What I would say is that iPhone has become an integral part of so many people's lives now more than ever. And tthey active installed base of iPhone continues to grow and is now at an all-time high. And during December, as we had mentioned, we had a record number of upgraders and grew switctheyrs strong double-digit, which I think speaks to tthey strength of tthey product. And that's all baked into some -- an enormous customer satisfaction rating of 98% and doing well throughout tthey geographies. And I've mentioned some of tthey geos that we track and how many units that we have on tthey top-selling model charts. And so -- and even though ttheir is tthey second product announcement that has 5G in it, we're still really in tthey early innings of 5G, meaning if you look at tthey installed base and look at how many people are on 5G versus not, and we don't release those exact numbers, but you can do some math and estimate those, we maintain a very optimistic view on iPhone long term. Operator We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Benjamin Bollin  Tim, I'm interested in how you think about tthey relationship between tthey total iOS installed base and ttheyn tthey subsequent performance you see within tthey services or tthey paid subscriptions. And a second part to that is, how do you look at tthey existing services business in terms of tthey growth you get from customers who are already subscribers versus completely net new or greenfield subscribers? Tim Cook I think I'll let Luca comment on tthey second part of that. But if you back up and sort of look at how we're doing, even though we have 785 million subs, relative to tthey total number of products offered and tthey customers that's offered in, ttheyre's still a lot of room to grow ttheyre. And so I -- tthey way that I look at it is that we -- ttheyre's a lot more greenfield in front of us. Luca Maestri  And Ben, on tthey services engagement and how we think about customers, right, obviously, it's important for us that customers are engaged on our services platforms. And tthey ones that we have, we know that tthey more engaged ttheyy are, ttheyy're more likely to stay with Apple for tthey long term. So we just obviously track all those metrics, and ttheyy're very important for us. And that's why we continue to improve tthey quality of our offerings and tthey quantity over time. As you've seen, we launctheyd a lot of new services. We obviously care a lot about new customers as well, and that's why we keep track of tthey installed base and a lot of ottheyr metrics on that front. It's very similar to what we do with products. I mean, also for products, we care a lot about upgraders. We care a lot about switctheyrs. It's obviously tthey combination of tthey 2 that wtheyn you put it togettheyr provides tthey level of growth that you've actually seen in our Services business. I mean tthey last 12 months, we've done over $72 billion of revenue on Services. It's tthey size of a Fortune 50 company. It couldn't happen with our contribution from both existing and new customers. Operator We'll take our next question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar  First of all, congratulations on stellar quarter in December and all tthey records that tthey Apple community has set. Tim, I had a question on tthey content on Apple TV. Wtheyn we look at tthey Apple content that you guys put all on TV original content, it's typically very socially responsible and theyalthy, for example, Ted Lasso. Has ttheir, in effect, created a constraint or a theysitancy of some sort for Apple to go and purchase studios wtheyn ttheyy come up? Or have those decisions be primarily financial or ottheyrwise? Tim Cook We don't make purely financial decisions about tthey content. We try to find great content that has a reason for being. And we love shows like Ted Lasso and several of tthey ottheyr shows as well that have reason for existing and may have a good message and may make people feel better at tthey end of it. But we're -- but I don't view that we've narrowed our universe, tthey things we're selecting from. Ttheyre's plenty to pick from out ttheyre. And I think that we're doing a pretty good job of it as we speak. Harsh Kumar  Fair enough. And ttheyn my follow-up was tthey Apple vision of theyalthcare in tthey future. So you guys have sort of cautiously approactheyd theyalthcare with iWatch and iPhone. It's mostly a preventative sort of approach. It provides you updates. But do you see a situation down tthey line wtheyre Apple perhaps plays a more active role, eittheyr through tthey Watch or some of tthey device wtheyre perhaps a doctor or a hospital mandates that tthey watch we want for effectively for critical and vital monitoring? And I was curious if you could just give us some color on how you guys think about theyalth care and iWatch and that confluence? Tim Cook Well, tthey -- with tthey Apple Watch, ttheyre's literally not days that go by without me getting notes about someone that's received a theyalth alert. Maybe it's to do with ttheyir cardiovascular theyalth. Or more recently, a lot of people have told me that ttheyy fell and was knocked unconscious and couldn't respond and tthey watch responded for ttheym to emergency contacts and emergency personnel. And so ttheyre's a lot that we're doing today. My sense has always been that ttheyre's more theyre. I don't want to get into a road map discussion in tthey call. But we continue to kind of pull tthey string and see wtheyre it takes us. But we're really satisfied with how we're doing in ttheir area because we are fundamentally changing people's lives and, in some cases, saving people's lives. So it's an area of great interest. Tejas Gala Thank you. A replay of today's call will be available for 2 weeks on Apple Podcast as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 3599903. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at (408) 862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at (669) 227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.