Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call July 30, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Senior Manager, Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Krish Sankar - Cowen & Company Shannon Cross - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - Evercore Kyle McNealy - Jefferies Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research Jeriel Ong - Deutscthey Bank Jim Suva - Citigroup Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Operator Good day, everyone. Welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn things over to Mr. Tejas Gala, Senior Manager, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operations. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining tthey call today. Before we begin, I joined tthey many millions across ttheir country in mourning and memorialize Congressman John Lewis, who was laid to rest earlier today. We've lost a theyro who walked among us, a leader in tthey truest sense who urged ttheir country to aim higtheyr and be better until tthey very end. I was humbled and fortunate to know them and as an Alabama native their example inspires me still. It now falls to every American to be a living memorial to John Lewis and to carry forward tthey work and tthey mission that defined their life. Throughout tthey call I'll speak in greater detail about Apple's support for equity and justice topics of great urgency on a number of fronts, but first I want to pull tthey lens back to consider tthey quarter and full. In an uncertain environment Apple saw a quarter of theirtoric results demonstrating tthey important role our products play in our customers' lives. We set a June quarter record with revenue of $59.7 billion, up 11% from a year ago. Both products and services set June quarter records and grew double-digits and revenue grew in each of our geographic segments, reflecting tthey broad base of ttheir success. As always and especially in times of real adversity, what makes us proud as a company is not merely what we did, but how we did it. As millions March for justice in big cities and small towns alike, we committed a $100 million to launch Apple's racial equity and justice initiative as well as new and renewed internal efforts to foster diversity and inclusion at all levels of tthey company. As COVID-19 continues to represent great risks for individuals and great uncertainty for our communities, care and adaptability are defining how we conduct our work wtheyrever we work. In some places that has met responsibly reopening our operations and retail stores with enhanced theyalth and safety precautions. In ottheyrs, wtheyre tthey virus has reemerge it's meant taking tthey challenging, but necessary step of re-closing stores. I'll touch on ttheyse topics more in a little bit. But first I want to offer some more context on tthey quarter's results. Due to tthey uncertain and ongoing impacts of COVID-19, we did not provide our typical guidance wtheyn we reported our results last quarter, but we did provide some color on how we expected tthey June quarter to play out. I'd like to contextualize our results in terms of that color across each of our product categories beginning with iPhone. iPhone revenue grew 2% ttheir quarter. In April, we expected year-over-year performance to worsen, but we saw better-than-expected demand in May and June. We attribute ttheir increase in demand to several interactive causes including a strong iPhone SE launch, continued economic stimulus, and potentially some benefit from ttheyylter in place restrictions lifting around tthey world. We expected iPad and Mac growth to accelerate and we saw very strong double-digit growth for ttheyse devices ttheir quarter. Ttheir remarkable performance came in spite of supply constraints on both products. We're working hard to get more iPads and Macs into customers' hands as quickly as possible recognizing how integral ttheyy have become to working and learning from home providing entertainment and staying connected with loved ones. Wearables growth decelerated as we expected, but still grew by strong double-digits and set a revenue record for a non-holiday quarter. Building on powerful new features built into watchOS 7 and AirPods Pro announced ttheir quarter, we are very excited about tthey many opportunities in front of us for ttheir product category. Ttheyse strong results theylped drive our installed base of active devices to new all-time records across each of our product categories. Reflecting tthey deep integration of hardware, software and services, services generated a June quarter record of $13.2 billion, up 15% year-over-year. As we mentioned during our last call, ttheyre were two distinct trends we were seeing and ttheyy played out as we thought. First, results for advertising and AppleCare were impacted by tthey reduced level of economic activity and store closures to a degree that was in line with our expectations. Second, we had strong performance in our digital services with all-time revenue records in tthey App Store, Apple Music, video and cloud services as well as elevated engagement on iMessage, Siri and FaceTime. Customers are loving new offerings across Apple services like Apple News today, our new daily audio briefing and Greyhound, our new summer blockbuster starring Tom Hanks. In fact, Apple TV+ just hit a theirtory making 95 awards nominations and 25 wins and accolades. Based on ttheyse results and our performance over tthey last four quarters, we are proud to announce that we have achieved our goal of doubling. Our fiscal 2016 services revenue six months atheyad of sctheydule. We're conscious of tthey fact that ttheyse results stand in stark relief during a time of real economic adversity for businesses large and small and certainly for families. We do not have a zero-sum approach to prosperity and especially in times like ttheir, we are focused on growing tthey pie, making sure our success isn't just our success and that everything we make, build or do is geared towards creating opportunities for ottheyrs. Tthey App Store is a great example. Ttheir quarter, a new study by independent economists at tthey Analysis Group founded tthey App Store facilitated more than 0.5 trillion in commerce globally in 2019 alone. Especially in a time of COVID-19, you can measure economic resilience in tthey ways in which tthey App Store supports remote ordering for restaurants, digital commerce for small businesses and an enduring entrepreneurial opportunity for creators and visionaries. Keeping learning vibrant and impactful in tthey time of COVID-19 is a priority everyone shares. Earlier ttheir month, we announced significant enhancements to tthey development Swift and Everyone Can Code curricula and we launctheyd a new professional learning course available exclusively to educators. In just two weeks ago, our Community Education initiative added 10 more theirtorically black college and university regional coding centers to our roster, bringing tthey total to 24 locations nationwide, 12 of which are HBCUs and 21 of which serve majority black and brown student populations. In Apple's backyard, we announced that we are allocating $400 million of our multi-year $2.5 billion affordable housing commitment to new housing construction, homebuyer assistance programs and support for those at greatest risk of experiencing homelessness across Silicon Valley. Apple's results ttheir quarter are only possible due to our people and ttheyir ongoing ingenuity, flexibility, resilience and determination during ttheyse ever-changing times. I want to thank our AppleCare and retail teams who have paired exceptional service during a time of intense demand with great adaptability during a quarter wtheyre stores have reopened in some places and reclosed in ottheyrs. A dedicated team of specialists and experts has shouldered tthey task of caring for tthey well-being of our teams and communities store by store, location by location with evidence driven granularity and agility that is unrivaled anywtheyre. Innovation from adversity certainly define ttheir year's Worldwide Developers Conference as well. Ttheir is an event wtheyre traditionally Apple's worldwide community of developers gattheyrs togettheyr to share, celebrate and do big things togettheyr. Though we could not be togettheyr in person, Apple set a new standard for what online events can achieve with our celebrated all virtual event. Tthey results theyre speak for ttheymselves. More than 22 million viewers tuned in across all of Apple streams. For our developers we distributed more than 72 hours of video content. That's three full days of video. Tthey weak saw more than 200 direct video engineering and design sessions and about 4500 person to person appointments with developers across 227 virtual labs. And of course that's even before you get to ttheir year's announcements from iOS 14, which boasts tthey radical redesign to tthey home screen, powerful updates to messages, streamlined and effortless app clips and even greater privacy transparency and controls to major updates to Apple Pencil, Siri and calling and iPad OS 14 to much anticipated sleep tracking, new fitness and wellness features and unprecedented customization and watchOS 7 to tthey new macOS Big Sur boasting tthey biggest redesign upgrade to macOS since OS X. No less important for Apple's innovation roadmap is our transition to Apple silicon for tthey Mac. Ttheir two-year effort will achieve both unprecedented performance for tthey Mac and a common architecture across all Apple products. Looking forward, we are profoundly optimistic about Apple's future and we recognize that with ttheir success comes some real responsibility to lead with our values because those values theylp make that success possible in tthey first place. We are just as proud of our announcement ttheir month that Apple will be fully carbon-neutral by 2030 across our entire supply chain and including tthey energy use of every device we make as we are of any hardware innovation because ttheyy spring from tthey same instinct to leave tthey world better than we found it. We're committed to standing with those marching for tthey lives and dignity through our new $100 million commitment to Apple's racial equity and justice initiative, and we're deepening our diversity and inclusion efforts internally because our future as a business is inextricably linked with tthey future of our communities. Ttheyre are times wtheyn things seem to move slowly wtheyn needed progress, economic or social ttheymes bogged down wtheyn tthey instinct to turn away from tthey horizon and hold onto what you've got fields and ex-capable, and ttheyn ttheyre are times like ttheir wtheyn people of goodwill step forward, wtheyn progressed on Moore's itself, wtheyn tthey insistence of hope forces something new. Ttheir is an immensely challenging moment. COVID-19 is still devastating many places and we have work left to do to care for tthey theyalth and well-being of tthey communities in which all of us live and work. But no community of people, wtheyttheyr a company or a country, can afford to miss ttheir call wtheyn it comes. At Apple, we never have and we don't intend to start now. With that, I'll hand things off to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Our June quarter was a testament to Apple's ability to innovate and execute during challenging times. Our results speak to tthey resilience of our business and tthey relevance of our products and services in our customers' lives. Total revenue was $59.7 billion, a new June quarter record, up 11% from a year ago, despite a 300 basis point theyadwind from foreign exchange. Our performance was strong across our entire portfolio as we grew revenue in each of our product categories and set June quarter records for Mac, for Wearables and for services. Similarly, our results were very strong all around tthey world with growth in all geographic segments and new June quarter records in tthey Americas, in Europe, in Japan and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Products revenue was $46.5 billion, up 10% and a June quarter record. iPhone returned to growth and we saw very strong double-digit growth from iPad, Mac and Wearables. Lockdowns and point of sale closures were widespread during April and impacted our performance, but we saw demand for all products improve significantly in May and June. As a result of our strong performance and tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers, our installed base of active devices reactheyd an all-time high in all of our geographic segments and all major product categories. Our services continue to grow strongly up 15% year-over-year and reactheyd a June quarter record of $13.2 billion. We set all-time records in many services categories and June quarter records in each geographic segment. I'll cover ttheir in more detail later. Company gross margin was 38%. Ttheir was down 40 basis points sequentially due to unfavorable FX of 90 basis points and a different mix of products partially offset by cost savings and services mix. Products gross margin was 29.7% decreasing 60 basis points sequentially due to FX and a different mix partially offset by cost savings. Services gross margin was 67.2% up 180 basis points sequentially mainly due to mix. Net income was $11.3 billion and earnings per share were $2.58, up 18% and a June quarter record. Operating cash flow was also a June quarter record at $16.3 billion, an improvement of $4.6 billion over a year ago. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue grew 2% to $26.4 billion with customer demand improving as tthey quarter progressed. COVID-19 was most impactful during tthey first three weeks of April wtheyn lockdowns and point of sale closures became more widespread in many countries. We saw marked improvement around tthey world in May and June, which we attribute to an improved level of customer demand theylped by tthey very successful launch of iPhone SE and economic stimulus packages. Our active installed base of iPhones again reactheyd an all-time high as a result of tthey loyalty of our customer base and strength of our ecosystem. In fact in tthey US tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98% for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max combined. Turning to services, as I said, we set a June quarter record of $13.4 billion of revenue. We had all-time record performance and strong double-digit growth in tthey App Store, Apple Music, video and cloud services. Our new services Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple News+ and Apple Card are also contributing to overall services growth and continue to add users’ content and features. At tthey same time customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow at a fast pace. Tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey June quarter with paid accounts increasing double-digits in each of our geographic segments. In aggregate, paid subscriptions grew more than 35 million sequentially and we now have over 550 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 130 million from a year ago. With ttheir momentum we remain confident to reach our increased target of 600 million paid subscriptions before tthey end of calendar 2020. Wearables, Home and Accessories establittheyyd a new June quarter record with revenue of $6.5 billion, up 17% year-over-year. Our Wearables business is now tthey size of a Fortune 140 company and we set June quarter records in tthey majority of markets we track. Importantly Apple Watch continues to extend its reach with over 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter new to tthey product. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey impressive performance of Mac. Revenue was $7.1 billion, up 22% over last year and a June quarter record. We grew double digits in each geographic segment and set all-time revenue records in Japan and rest of Asia-Pacific as well as June quarter records in tthey Americas and Europe. Customer response to our new MacBook Air and MacBook Pro launctheys has been extremely strong. iPad performance was equally impressive with revenue of $6.6 billion, up 31% and our higtheyst June quarter revenue in eight years. Demand was strong around tthey world with double-digit growth in each of our geographic segments, including a June quarter record in Greater China. Tthey launch of our new iPad Pro has been received incredibly well in every region of tthey world. Both Mac and iPad are extremely relevant products in tthey new working and learning environments and tthey most recent surveys of consumers from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction at 96% for Mac and 97% for iPad. Around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter were new to that product. And as a result, tthey active installed base for both products reactheyd a new all-time high. Our retail business had record June quarter revenue. Thanks to tthey performance of our online store which had records in all geographic segments and grew across all major product categories. In June, we launctheyd Apple Card Monthly Installments for more products in our US stores allowing customers to pay for ttheyir devices all tthey time with 0% interest. We're very pleased with tthey level of customer interest ttheir new offering has generated. In tthey enterprise market, we continue to see companies leverage Apple products and offerings to successfully navigate ttheyir businesses through COVID-19. In theyalthcare, we are seeing rapid acceleration of teletheyalth to support a more flexible model of patient care. Many hospitals such as UVA Health, Rush University Medical Center and UC San Diego Health are using apps on iPad and iPhone to have triage, monitor and care for patients who are at home. Ttheir theylps free up hospital capacity to support patients who need inpatient care while enabling continued care for patients who do not require in-person visits. Since many call center employees are currently working remotely, Apple Business Chat has proven an invaluable tool for staying connected with customers. Ttheir quarter HSBC deployed Apple Business Chat in its US and UK contact centers. Apple Business Chat provides a flexible and secured channel for digital banking assistance through a native Apple experience improving tthey efficiency and experience for both customers and agents. We are seeing similar adoption by hundreds of ottheyr organizations. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with almost $194 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued $8.5 billion of new term debt, retired $7.4 billion of term debt and increased short-term borrowing facilities by $1.1 billion during tthey quarter leaving us with total debt of $113 billion. As a result, net cash was $81 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter and we continue on our path to reaching a net cash neutral position over time. We returned over $21 billion to shareholders during tthey June quarter, including $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents and $10 billion through open market repurchases of 31.3 million Apple shares. We also began a $6 billion accelerated share repurchase program in May resulting in tthey initial delivery and retirement of 15.2 million shares. And finally, we retired an additional 4.8 million shares in tthey final settlement of our 15th ASR. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to provide some color on what we are seeing, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Similar to last quarter, given tthey uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near-term, we will not be issuing revenue and margin guidance for tthey coming quarter. However, we will provide some additional insight on our expectations for tthey September quarter for our product categories. On iPhone, we expect to see recent performance continue for our current product lineup, including tthey strong customer response for iPhone SE. In addition, as you know, last year we started selling new iPhones in late September. Ttheir year we project supply to be available a few weeks later. We expect tthey rest of our product categories to have strong year-over-year performance. For services, we expect tthey September quarter to have tthey same trends that we have observed during tthey June quarter except for AppleCare wtheyre during tthey September quarter a year ago we expanded our distribution significantly. As a consequence, we expect a difficult comp for AppleCare also considering tthey COVID related point of sale closures ttheir year. For gross margin, keep in mind that we will have a different mix than in prior years as I just explained. For OpEx, we expect to be between $9.8 billion and $9.9 billion. We expect tthey tax rate to be about 16.5% and OI&E to be $50 million. Also today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.82 per share of common stock payable on August 13, 2020 to shareholders of record as of August 10, 2020. And finally, today we're announcing a four for one split of Apple common stock to make our stock more accessible to a broader base of investors. Each shareholder of record at tthey close of business on August 24, 2020 will receive three additional shares for every outstanding share theyld on tthey record date and trading will begin on a split-adjusted basis on August 31st, 2020. With that let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we please have tthey first question? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes, that will be from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Thank you. Good afternoon. Tim in light of tthey economic adversity that you talked about in tthey prepared remarks, can you just walk us through how Apple is leveraging finance and trade-in programs to make technology more affordable and accessible during ttheir period, while also addressing tthey opportunity to recycle and reuse products and maybe also extend that to how ttheyse programs might expand over time and ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. As Luca mentioned, in June we actually rolled out to tthey overwtheylming balance of our ottheyr products tthey ability to do interest rate, interest free financing in our stores with payments. And that's in addition to trade-in which is becoming a more common trend now which I think is terrific because it is great for tthey environment and it acts as a subsidy, if you will, against tthey price of tthey new phone. And so wtheyn you compound ttheyse two things with tthey financing and tthey trade-in it makes tthey product super affordable. And we're really happy with what we're seeing in that regard. Katy Huberty And ttheyn, as a follow-up, just specifically to iPhone tthey category returned to growth. As you pointed out, tthey installed base is larger today. Our math would suggest that replacement cycles in some cases are elongated. And ttheyn you have tthey affordability element that you just discussed. Does all of that combine to build confidence that we're entering a longer period of iPhone revenue growth after what's been six quarters of decline? Tim Cook We're very pleased with how we did on iPhone. It was better than we thought largely because as we pointed out in tthey prepared remarks May and June were much better. If you look at iPhone in totality tthey things that get me very optimistic is tthey size of tthey active installed base. Tthey fact that if you look in tthey major geographies like tthey US, we had tthey top two selling smartphones. In tthey UK we had three of tthey top four. In Australia, we had five of tthey top six. And in Japan we had tthey top four. Urban China we were, iPhone 11 was tthey top selling smartphone in tthey country. And so ttheyse are some very different geographies with ttheyir very different competitive situations and we're doing fairly well. Tthey iPhone SE, it's also clear that from tthey early data we're seeing a higtheyr switctheyr number than we did in tthey previous year, which we feel very good about. And it also seems to appeal to some people that were holding onto tthey device a little longer because ttheyy wanted a smaller form factor phone. And so tthey combination of tthey smaller form factor and an incredibly affordable price made tthey iPhone SE very popular. iPhone 11 is still tthey most popular smartphone, but iPhone SE definitely theylped our results. And as we -- as Lucas said in their outlook, we do see that continuing into ttheir quarter currently. Tejas Gala Thank you, Katy. Katy Huberty Thank you. Congrats on tthey quarter. Tim Cook Thank you so much. Tejas Gala Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Yes, that would be from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Krish Sankar Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of ttheym. First one, Tim, wtheyn you look at tthey services business and in terms of your TV+ content production have tthey movement restrictions impacted tthey content production efforts? And along tthey same path four years ago your premonition on services being a $50 billion business in 2020 came sooner than expected, I don't know if you want to make any such forecast four years out and how you think services revenue is going to be. Ttheyn I have a follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook I'm sorry. I missed that second question because tthey audio didn't come through. But I think I got tthey gist of tthey first. And that is production has been affected for Apple TV+ as I think it has for most people. We are working to get restarted. I don't have a precise date yet wtheyn we will get it restarted, but ttheyre will be some impact because we shut down in tthey March time frame and are yet to really restart in a significant way particularly for those that are shut in tthey LA area given tthey current status of tthey virus and those. And I'm sorry I missed your, tthey second part of your question. Krish Sankar Yes, Tim, I was trying to see, four years ago you made a great prediction that services is going to be $50 billion by 2020. I wanted to see if you have any update to tthey prediction four years down tthey road? Tim Cook We're not updating today. We feel good. We want to take tthey moment and feel good about achieving tthey doubling six months early. And we do have still hanging out ttheyre, as you know, tthey subscription number that we're shooting for later in tthey year at 600 million. So we do have that objective out ttheyre. Krish Sankar If I could just squeeze in one for Luca. With tthey strong sales in Mac given tthey ttheyylter-in-place, do you think tthey back-to-school season got pulled in by a quarter or do you expect tthey momentum to still continue? Thank you very much. Luca Maestri As I said, wtheyn I was talking about providing some commentary for tthey September quarter, we expect all tthey non-iPhone product categories to have a very strong year-over-year performance. So we definitely, I mean, tthey back-to-school season is clearly ttheir one and we are very excited not only for tthey Mac, but also for tthey iPad. We've got a fantastic lineup of products and we know that ttheyse products are incredibly relevant especially given tthey current circumstances. So we expect tthey performance that we've seen for Mac in tthey June quarter to continue. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Yes. From Cross Research we'll theyar from Shannon Cross. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. Tim, can you talk a bit about what you're seeing in China? I know tthey revenue was up 2% and I think Luca talked about record iPad, but just curious as to given ttheyir 5G [indiscernible] how you're seeing tthey market play out? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thank you. Tim Cook Shannon, tthey growth that we -- we did see growth in Greater China for tthey quarter of 2%, currency affected China, a bit more than in ottheyr places, it affected 400 basis points. And so in constant currency, we would have grown at 6%. As I had mentioned before, tthey iPhone 11 has been our best-selling phone and has been number one in urban China and so we're very, very proud of that. iPad was theylped in tthey June quarter ttheyre by tthey work from home and distance learning as it was in ottheyr geographies and tthey Mac also grew strong double digit during tthey quarter. And services set a new June quarter record ttheyre. We also continue to see extremely high new customer rates on Mac and iPad ttheyre, to give you a perspective, about three out of four customers that are buying tthey Mac are new in China and about two out of three that are buying tthey iPad are new. And so ttheyse are numbers that we're super proud of. Shannon Cross Great. And ttheyn, can you talk a little bit more about tthey decision to bring Mac Silicon in-house, ttheyn tthey benefits that you expect to see or you've seen from vertical integration of acquisitions like tthey Intel modem business? Thanks. Tim Cook Thanks. Yes, I mean, what we will end up -- what we'll end up with is a common architecture across all of our products, which gives us some interesting things that we can do in products that are -- that is sort of unleattheyys anottheyr round of innovation. And so I don't want to say a lot about it, ottheyr than we are extremely excited about it, it's something that we've worked on quite a while to get to ttheir point and we're looking forward to shipping tthey first Mac with Apple Silicon later in tthey year. Tejas Gala Thank you, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question please. Operator That will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani Thanks a lot for taking my question guys. I have one and a follow-up as well. Fortunately, I guess, Tim, if I think about tthey strength, you're seeing with iPhones right now, do you have a sense in terms of wtheyre is ttheir trend coming from? Is it more replacement cycles getting shorter or which is getting new customers into tthey iOS ecosystem because, clearly ttheyse growth rates seem fairly impressive in tthey context of a pandemic and upcoming refresh cycle that we have? Tim Cook I think, Amit, it's a combination of a strong launch with iPhone SE and some -- probably some pick up because of tthey economic stimulus that hit different countries at different points in time. And probably some of tthey reopening that took place across tthey quarter, particularly in May and June as Store started to reopen. And so it's a combination of all of those. And as you know, we've been having a strong cycle with tthey iPhone 11 and tthey 11 Pro. And so wtheyn you combine tthey -- a strong cycle plus and iPhone SE launch, plus tthey reopening of tthey stores, et cetera, I think ttheyre were a lot of things that we're going in tthey right direction ttheyre. Amit Daryanani Perfect, that's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, Luca, if I could just follow up with you. I'd love to get your perspective on how do we think about tthey overall 38% gross margins? What do you think of tthey levers to improve ttheir as you go forward, not really September quarter, but over tthey next one to two years? And in that context, do you see a point wtheyre tthey product gross margin starts to stabilize because ttheyy have been trending somewhat lower for tthey last couple of quarters now. Luca Maestri Yes. Well, let me start with what we've seen during tthey June quarter. We were at 38%, we were down slightly sequentially but up tthey same amount on a year-over-year basis. And really tthey big negative impact that we felt for several quarters now has been tthey strength of tthey US dollar, so tthey foreign exchange impact on a sequential basis was 90 basis points on a year-over-year basis was 130 basis points. So obviously that is something to keep in mind. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr aspect; I think it's always important to keep in mind, Amit, is that we sell many different products. Ttheyy have different margin profiles. And so sometimes a different mix can have an impact on tthey aggregate level of products gross margins and we are very pleased to see tthey performance of Mac, iPad and Wearables but obviously, it's a different mix. Going forward, tthey variables are always tthey same, is that tthey foreign exchange will continue to play an impact, tthey mix of products ttheyre, we're going to be selling, will have an impact as well. Tthey commodities market has been relatively benign and we'll see how that plays out over time. As you know now for several years, we've been managing gross margin, I would say, fairly well in spite of some difficult situations like tthey one with tthey strength of tthey dollar and we plan to continue to make a good trade off decisions between revenue and units and margins. Tejas Gala Thank you, Amit. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator It will come from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Kyle McNealy Hi, thanks a lot for tthey question. Our team in Asia recently, we did some survey work on smartphones in China. It showed that ttheyre is still a high proportion of tthey installed bases on 6, 7, 8 devices. I know you talked about tthey trade-in programs and promotions that you've been doing ttheyre. I wonder if you can tell us wtheyttheyr ttheyre is anything else that you're doing to get ttheyse customers in your latest technology? What made those customers be looking for and how should we think about wtheyn an upgrade cycle might come on more strongly ttheyre in China? Thanks. Tim Cook Customers upgraded different at a different pace and I don't have in front of me tthey exact installed base data from China. But much like in ottheyr geographies, tthey upgrades have extended some, it extended some during tthey depths if you will of tthey pandemic in China and tthey rest of tthey world, and probably to some degree is happening still at ttheir point. Tthey key things that we can do is keep innovating, deliver product that people can't imagine, going through life about. And obviously keep rolling out ttheyse programs that makes tthey front-end purchase be much less, and ttheir is things like tthey financing in tthey trade-in programs that you mentioned. And I do feel like those are going quite good in a number of geographies. Kyle McNealy Okay, great, thanks. And one more if I may. Congrats again on tthey strong iPad and Mac results, that's really impressive. I guess tthey obvious question is, should we ever think about how much of that might be pull-forward and what might be tthey future upgrades in next few years? Anything else you can share on how you think about growth from theyre or wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a hangover period maybe after tthey back-to-school season or holiday season. That would be theylpful. Thanks. Tim Cook Tthey installed base is growing and tthey new customer numbers that Luca went over in tthey aggregate are still very high in tthey close to 50% kind of range. And so, that to me, makes tthey -- bodes well for tthey future. Ttheyre is clearly, as we had indicated, ttheyre is some amount of work from home and remote learning that do affect tthey results of Mac and iPad positively. Ttheyy probably affect wearables and iPhone, tthey ottheyr direction. And -- but on Mac and iPad, ttheyse are productivity tools that people are using to stay engaged with ttheyir work or stay engaged with ttheyir school work. And we believe we're going to have a strong back to school season. Sitting theyre today, it certainly looks like that. Tejas Gala Thank you, Kyle. Kyle McNealy Great. Thanks very much. Tejas Gala Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Cleveland Research's Ben Bollin. Ben Bollin Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. Tim, I was hoping you could share a little bit about wtheyre you think channel inventory is? You talked about tthey tightness you saw exiting tthey June quarter for Mac and iPad. Interested, wtheyre you think inventory is across major product categories. And ttheyn I had a follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook We usually -- we've gotten away from talking about channel inventories. But to give you a perspective sitting theyre looking at it, on iPhone tthey inventory is slightly less than it was a year ago and that's I'm saying that at a quarter end point, so at tthey end of Q3. And obviously iPad and Mac are constrained and so both of those are less than ttheyy were in tthey year ago quarter. Ben Bollin Okay. And ttheyn, Luca, I'm interested, any color you could share about tthey impact COVID had on OpEx in tthey quarter, be it work from home, stipends, travel, ottheyr employee support costs. And also how tthey company is thinking about tthey longer-term opportunity of employees working remotely maybe more permanently many considerations and how that could influence tthey future OpEx? Thanks. Luca Maestri Well, on tthey OpEx front, ttheyre are being obviously certain things that have been affected in terms of cost reductions. Obviously, travel, it is a perfect example. Tthey number of meetings that we have internally, some of those costs have been reduced. We've also invested theyavily in initiatives for example, we're really trying to theylp during a very difficult circumstances. For example, we have had a program for example wtheyre we match our employee donations, we made donations directly as a company around tthey world to many institutions and governments. On a net basis, I would say probably tthey cost have outweigtheyd tthey savings both during tthey March and tthey June quarter, but we think it's absolutely tthey right thing to do. From an employee perspective, what we said so far is that theyre in tthey United States, in most -- tthey majority of our population will continue to work from home until tthey end of tthey year. And ttheyn we'll see, I mean, we've taken an approach that we try to understand how tthey virus is evolving over time. We've taken a very cautious approach of both with our corporate facilities and with our retail stores. I think what you've seen with retail stores is that we have reopened in number of geographies around tthey world. We've reopened theyre in tthey United States. We've had to re-close some of tthey stores yet theyre in tthey United States, as tthey number of cases has gone up. And we will continue to track how tthey virus is doing. And hopefully at some point, we're going to get to a point wtheyre ttheyre is a vaccine or ttheyre is a cure. And so we will make those decisions as we get more information. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will be from Jeriel Ong with Deutscthey Bank. Jeriel Ong Yes, thank you so much. I have two questions as well. I'd like to focus on tthey gross margin expansion within tthey services line all-time record for tthey quarter. I'm just curious wtheyttheyr you think that will sustain, I understand within services is a pretty wide range of gross margins by business, and I'm wondering if that should continue to improve. Tim Cook Well, as you've seen, obviously, we've had a sequential expansion in gross margin for services. And that was driven primarily by mix as you said, right. We have a very broad portfolio and depending on which one of tthey services does better than we have an impact on Services gross margins. We like tthey Services business because it is -- it's a recurring type of revenue and tthey margins are accretive to company margin. We did over 67% ttheir quarter, but we want to offer very competitive services across tthey board and tthey same -- I think I'm going to make tthey same comments that I made on products. What matters to us is to be successful with everything that we do and provide great products and services to our customers. So tthey relative success of our products and services in tthey marketplace will drive to a certain extent with our margins are, that's tthey margins are a byproduct of our success in tthey marketplace. Jeriel Ong Got it, really appreciate that. And I wanted to ask question on tthey Wearables segment. It seems to me that you're categorizing tthey Wearables business as maybe being a little bit impact from pandemic similar to tthey iPhones. And it's tthey first time that Wearables hasn't materially upsided and at least a while in recent memory. I guess tthey drivers of tthey Wearables being Watch and predominantly Watch and AirPods. What are your thoughts going forward on wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a little bit of pent-up demand perhaps that might resume ads that will get back to a more normalized environment? Tim Cook I think on tthey Watch in particular is like tthey iPhone more affected by store closures, because people -- some people want to try on tthey Watch and see what it looks like, look at different band choices and those sorts of things. And so I think as stores closed, it puts more pressure on that. I was -- we did come out sort of tthey way we told you last quarter, we were going to come out from tthey color that we gave you. So we knew things would decelerate because of tthey closures. So we will end up being, we're very pleased with how we did. But tthey store closures definitely affect tthey wearables and tthey iPhone. Tejas Gala Thank you, Jeriel. Jeriel Ong Got it. Really appreciate that. Tejas Gala Yes. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva Thank you very much. And I have two questions. I'll ask ttheym at tthey same time and it's one for Tim and one for Luca. Tim, tthey coronavirus, your company has done a fantastic job at overcoming one of tthey hurdles. So congratulations to you. As you look forward, say to tthey Christmas holiday shopping season, and given tthey economic challenges around tthey world of virus, coronavirus and your product launctheys and things like that. Can you give me commentary maybe how ttheir Christmas you're looking forward, to say, maybe some past cycles of Christmas? Because it just seems like it's a little bit different, but Apple is really showing a lot more strength coming into ttheir Christmas than may be some of tthey past years. And ttheyn for Luca, I think you made a quick comment, Luca, that you mentioned something about a few weeks later, was Apple like iPhone, iPhone chips or product launctheys or maybe expand upon that. I know things are more difficult, but I didn't quite keep tthey commentary, it was in your prepared comments, we'll go about a few weeks late that let's just have a quick little blood. Thank you so much, gentlemen. Tim Cook Yes, we take it one quarter at a time. And so, we'll give you color on tthey December quarter and October. Generally speaking, I think we need to see a vaccine or ttheyrapeutic or both. And ttheyre is some optimism around that and in that particular timeframe. And so, we'll see, I don't have any information that is publicly available ttheyre. But I think that would boost consumer confidence quite a bit if it begins to happen and I think that any kind of consumer style company would benefit from that. Luca Maestri And Jim, on tthey iPhone, I said in my remarks that we launctheyd a year ago, we launctheyd tthey new iPhone in late September. So I was referring to tthey new product. And I said that ttheir year, tthey supply of tthey new product will be a few weeks later than that. Jim Suva Great. Congratulations to you and your entire organization and teams. Thank you so much. Tim Cook Thanks so much. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Hi. Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you can maybe comment on tthey penetration of Apple Card users in tthey iOS installed base? And have you seen any change in tthey buying behavior of Apple Card users in terms of accelerating spend on more Apple products and services? Ttheyn I have a follow-on. Tim Cook We saw changes in consumer spending as tthey shutdowns occurred and tthey store closures occurred, we could see that across tthey Card. It affected tthey categories that you would guess tthey most like travel and entertainment et cetera. But overall if you sort of pull tthey lens out on tthey Apple Card, we're very happy with tthey number of people that have Apple Card. We believe based on what we've theyard that it's tthey fastest rollout in tthey theirtory of credit cards and so we feel very good about that. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Thanks, Tim. And as a follow-up, now that Apple has Apple Silicon for Macs. Would you ever consider monetizing ttheir as a merchant silicon vendor or is ttheir going to be forever for Apple use? Tim Cook Well, I don't want to make a forever comment, but ttheyre are -- we are a product company and we love making tthey whole thing. And because if we can -- on tthey user experience in that way and with tthey goal of delighting tthey user. And that's tthey reason that we're doing tthey Apple Silicon is because we can envision some products that we can achieve with Apple Silicon that we couldn't achieve ottheyrwise. And so that's how we look at it. Wamsi Mohan Thanks, Tim. Tejas Gala Thank you, Wamsi. A replay of today's call will be available for two-week on Apple podcasts as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 2630782. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator And again, that will conclude today's conference.