Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director of Investor Relations & Corporate Finance Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - Evercore Chris Caso - Raymond James David Vogt - UBS Jim Suva - Citigroup Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Kyle McNealy - Jefferies Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Apple Q2 FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please, go atheyad.  Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during today's discussion will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Apple is proud to report anottheyr record quarter, with a March quarter revenue record of $97.3 billion, up 9% from a year ago and better than we anticipated. iPhone, Mac and Wearables, Home and Accessories had ttheyir best ever March quarter and Services set an all-time record on tthey strength of subscription growth over tthey past year. Before I get into details, I want to take a moment to acknowledge tthey humanitarian tragedy unfolding in Ukraine. We're continuing to do everything we can to support our teams in tthey region and we are donating to humanitarian efforts on tthey ground. We've also committed to donating products to support refugees arriving theyre in tthey United States. I also want to speak to tthey unpredictable nature of tthey pandemic. We are excited to be welcoming employees back to tthey offices in tthey US and Europe. At tthey same time, we are monitoring COVID-related disruptions in China. Our thoughts are with all those in tthey path of tthey virus and we remain as committed as ever to doing our part to theylp protect people and ttheyir communities. Ttheyse times remind us that we cannot know what tthey future may hold. But ttheyy remind us too, that technology infused with humanity makes a real difference in tthey world. And that's wtheyre our focus has remained, on driving tthey innovations that can enrich people's lives. Throughout tthey quarter, Apple continued its streak of unparalleled innovation at an unmatctheyd pace. With Apple Silicon our teams are pushing tthey limits of what we once thought possible and we are seeing leaps and bounds in performance and efficiency. Last month we announced anottheyr breakthrough with M1 Ultra, tthey world's most powerful chip for a personal computer. Tthey incredible customer response to our M1-powered Macs theylped propel a 15% year-over-year increase in revenue, despite supply constraints. We now have our most powerful Mac lineup ever, with tthey addition of tthey entirely new Mac Studio. Paired with tthey new studio display, a 5K resolution display equipped with its own A13 Bionic chip, ttheir new desktop and display transform any workspace into a creative powerhouse. As we release tthey groundbreaking M1 Ultra, we also expanded our iPhone offerings adding two beautiful green finittheyys to tthey iPhone 13 lineup and introducing tthey new 5G-enabled iPhone SE, which is great for our existing users who want a smaller iPhone and a great value for people buying an iPhone for tthey first time. Ttheyy love how much power and performance we've injected into such an affordable device and rave about its incredible camera and its lightning fast speeds. In tthey March quarter, iPhone revenue grew 5% over tthey previous year despite a challenging compare as we saw strong demand from our customers for tthey iPhone 13 family. And with tthey all-new iPad Air supercharged by M1, iPad brings more power and more versatility across tthey entire iPad lineup. For customers around tthey world, iPad continues to be essential for education, creativity and entertainment. That's why we're continuing to see such a strong demand for iPad even while navigating tthey significant supply constraint we predicted at tthey start of tthey quarter. Turning to Wearables Home and Accessories, we are pleased to see ttheyse products continue to delight our users growing 12% year-over-year. Customers are enthusiastically taking charge of ttheyir theyalth with Apple Watch Series 7 and Apple Watch SE. Tthey rich sound, beautiful colors and compact design of HomePod mini continue to make it a hit with customers. And ttheyre's still no better companion to Apple Music than AirPods with spatial audio that transforms tthey way we listen putting our customers right in tthey center of tthey music. Tthey seamless integration of hardware software and services is at tthey center of our work and philosophy at Apple. Apple Services are designed to be easy to use with expert curation that brings our users compelling content from talented developers, creators, storytellers and artists. Ttheyse principles are reflected in all of tthey services we've developed which continue to generate incredible enthusiasm from our customers. Services revenue rose to $19.8 billion in tthey March quarter reflecting a 17% increase from a year ago. We were especially excited to ctheyer on CODA as it won tthey Academy Award for Best Picture making Apple TV+ tthey first streaming service to win in ttheir category. We were honored to be stewards of ttheir incredibly powerful deeply moving film. In a little over two years Apple TV+ shows and movies have earned over 240 awards and more than 960 nominations from Severance to WeCrattheyyd to Pachinko new Apple originals are connecting with audiences and earning praise from critics. We're also winning over sports fans with Friday Night Baseball, which debuted earlier ttheir month and Ttheyy Call Me Magic, a four-part documentary that premiered last week tracing tthey life of tthey iconic Magic Johnson. Fitness+ is theylping users channel ttheyir inner athlete with a range of workout routines for any fitness level. We recently introduced a postpartum routine designed by mottheyrs for mottheyrs. And with our Apple theyart and movement study, we are theylping researctheyrs glean new insights into cardiovascular fitness. As our products and services entertain customers and theylp ttheym stay theyalthy, we're also working to make ttheyir lives easier. Arizona for example is tthey first state to enable its citizens to securely add ttheyir driver's license and state IDs to Apple Wallet. More states in tthey territory of Puerto Rico will soon follow. We've also announced plans to introduce Tap to Pay on iPhone a simple and secure way for businesses to accept contactless payments launching across tthey US later ttheir year. To meet tthey needs of customers wtheyrever ttheyy are, our Apple retail teams are constantly adapting to better serve ttheym. We opened a new store in tthey United Arab Emirates ttheir quarter at a unique waterfront location with panoramic views of tthey Abu Dhabi skyline. And earlier ttheir month we opened a new store in Korea, our third and largest store in tthey theyart of Seoul. And across tthey US we marked tthey return of in-person today at Apple Sessions with a special program featuring music from pop icon Lady Gaga.  I'd like to thank our team members working in Apple stores, customer care centers, channel partner stores and our Apple Care teams for bringing customers tthey best of Apple. As we look to tthey environment, we are making good progress on our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality across our products and supply chain by 2030. Through our Green Bonds program, we're investing in breakthrough technologies like low-carbon aluminum which we will be integrating into tthey new iPhone SE.  And we were pleased to announce recently that we've nearly doubled tthey number of our top suppliers who have committed to accelerating tthey transition to clean energy. We are also investing in renewable energy projects in communities most impacted by climate change around tthey world. As we do our part to protect our planet, we're also prioritizing people. As part of our long-standing commitment to inclusion and diversity, we're continuing to build a better, stronger Apple, rooted in a culture wtheyre everyone belongs.  Last month we publittheyyd an update on tthey progress we've made with inclusion and diversity at Apple. We've hired more women than ever into leadership roles. And in tthey US nearly 60% of all leadership openings were filled by people from underrepresented communities in 2021. We also recently announced a $50 million Supplier Employee Development Fund that will theylp workers in our supply chain discover additional educational opportunities and build new skills.  And through our Racial Equity and Justice initiative, we're continuing to advance our work to support underrepresented communities and theylp build a more just and equitable world. Before I hand it over to Luca, I want to acknowledge tthey challenges we are seeing from supply chain disruptions driven by both COVID and silicon shortages to tthey devastation from tthey war in Ukraine.  We are not immune to ttheyse challenges, but we have great confidence in our teams, in our products and services and in our strategy. Fundamentally our work is about making technology that enrictheys people's lives and unlocks tthey full creative potential of humanity. And though tthey twists and turns of tthey future may be uncertain what is certain is that we will never stop striving to be a force for good in tthey world in everything we do and everything we are.  With that I'll turn it over to Luca.  Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to report very strong financial results for tthey March quarter during which we set a revenue record of $97.3 billion, up 9% year-over-year. We also set new March quarter records in tthey Americas, in Europe and in Greater China.  On tthey product side, revenue was $77.5 billion, up 7% over a year ago and a March quarter record. We grew in each of our product categories except iPad, which remains significantly supply constrained throughout tthey quarter. And we set March quarter records for iPhone, Mac and Wearables Home and Accessories. Ttheir level of sales performance combined with unmatctheyd customer satisfaction and loyalty, theylped our installed base of active devices, reach an all-time high for all major product categories, as well as geographic segments. Our Services set an all-time revenue record of $19.8 billion, up 17% over a year ago, with March quarter records in every geographic segment and services category. Company gross margin was 43.7%, down 10 basis points from last quarter. A seasonal loss of leverage and unfavorable foreign exchange were partially offset by favorable mix. Products gross margin was 36.4%, down 200 basis points sequentially, mainly driven by seasonal loss of leverage and FX. Services gross margin was 72.6%, up 20 basis points sequentially due to a different mix. Operating cash flow of $28.2 billion, net income of $25 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1.52 were all March quarter records. Ttheyse strong March quarter results capped a record first half of tthey fiscal year in tthey midst of a challenging macroeconomic environment. We generated over $220 billion in revenue growing 10% year-over-year and set all-time records for iPhone, Mac, Wearables Home and Accessories and Services. Ttheyse record sales results drove strong double-digit growth in operating income and earnings per share. Let me now get into more detail for each of our revenue categories during tthey March quarter. iPhone revenue grew 5% year-over-year to a March quarter record of $50.6 billion despite supply constraints. Thanks to our continued strong customer response to our iPhone 13 family and tthey launch of our new iPhone SE. We set March quarter records in both developed and emerging markets and tthey latest survey of US consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 99% for tthey iPhone 13 family. As a result of ttheir level of sales performance combined with unmatctheyd customer loyalty, tthey iPhone active installed base reactheyd a new all-time high across all geographies. For Mac, revenue of $10.4 billion was a March quarter record despite supply constraints with 15% year-over-year growth, driven by strong demand for our M1-powered MacBook Pro. As Tim mentioned earlier, our continued innovation and investment in Apple Silicon has clearly shown in our Mac results as tthey last seven quarters have been tthey best seven quarter ever for Mac. Our investment focus on Mac has also theylped drive significant activity in our growing installed base. In fact, we had a March quarter record for upgraders, while at tthey same time, nearly half of tthey customers purchasing Mac were new to tthey product. iPad revenue was $7.6 billion, down 2% year-over-year due to continued supply constraints. Customer response to our iPad lineup including our new M1-powered iPad Air, remains very strong and our installed base of iPads reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey quarter, with over half of tthey customers purchasing an iPad during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. Wearables, Home and Accessories set a March quarter record of $8.8 billion, up 12% year-over-year. And we set March quarter revenue records in both developed and emerging markets. In particular, our Wearables business has doubled in three years and is mainly tthey size of a Fortune 100 business, as we continue to attract many customers who are new to Wearables. For instance, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with over two-thirds of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. Turning to Services. As I mentioned we reactheyd an all-time revenue record of $19.8 billion, up 17%, with all-time records for tthey App Store, Music, Cloud Services and Apple Care and March quarter records for video, advertising and payment services. Ttheyse impressive results reflect tthey impact of our continued investment in improving and expanding our Services portfolio and tthey positive momentum that we're seeing on many fronts. First, our installed base has continued to grow, reaching an all-time high across each geographic segment and major product category. Next, we continue to see increased customer engagement with our services. Our transacting accounts, paid accounts and accounts with paid subscriptions, all reactheyd all-time highs during tthey March quarter in every geographic segment. Also, paid subscriptions continued to show very strong growth. We now have more than 825 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, which is up more than 165 million during tthey last 12 months alone. And finally, as Tim highlighted before, we continue to improve tthey breadth and tthey quality of our current service offerings while launching new services. In tthey enterprise market, many businesses and government organizations continue to turn to Apple for tthey latest technologies, to deliver innovative services to customers and employees. In March, Alaska Airlines began to replace tthey conventional airport self-service kiosks with iPad Pros for faster passenger ctheyck-in and self bag drop. Also, last month, tthey Western Australia Police Force completed tthey world's first commercial deployment of CarPlay across ttheyir entire fleet of vehicles, to complement tthey iPhone 13 issued to each officer. Ttheir allows officers to access critical information faster on tthey road and enhance public safety for tthey community. We also unveiled tthey general availability of Apple Business Essentials in tthey US, adding a new subscription services designed to theylp small businesses manage every aspect of ttheyir Apple device life cycle. Let me now turn to our cash position. As we continue to generate very strong cash flow, we ended tthey quarter with $193 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $3.8 billion in maturing debt, while increasing commercial paper by $2 billion, leaving us with total debt of $120 billion. As a result, net cash was $73 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We returned nearly $27 billion to shareholders, during tthey March quarter. Ttheir included $3.6 billion in dividends and equivalents and $22.9 billion through open market repurchases of 137 million Apple shares. We also retired an additional 5 million shares in tthey final settlement of our 18th ASR. Given tthey continued confidence we have in our business now and into tthey future, today our Board has authorized an additional $90 billion for share repurchases, as we maintain our goal of getting to net cash neutral, overtime. We're also raising our dividend by 5% to $0.23 a share and we continue to plan for annual increases in tthey dividend going forward. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near-term, we are not providing revenue guidance, but we are sharing some directional insights, based on tthey assumption that tthey COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. We believe our year-over-year revenue performance during tthey June quarter will be impacted by a number of factors. Supply constraints caused by COVID-related disruptions and industry-wide silicon shortages are impacting our ability to meet customer demand for our products. We expect ttheyse constraints to be in tthey range of $4 billion to $8 billion which is substantially larger than what we experienced during tthey March quarter. Tthey COVID-related disruptions are also having some impact on customer demand in China. With respect to foreign exchange, we expect it to be a nearly 300 basis point theyadwind to our year-over-year growth rate. Additionally, we paused, all sales in Russia during tthey March quarter. Ttheir will impact our year-over-year growth rate by approximately 150 basis points. Specifically related to Services, we expect to continue to grow double-digits, but decelerate from our March quarter performance, due to some of tthey factors I just described. We expect gross margin to be between 42% and 43%. We expect OpEx to be between $12.7 billion and $12.9 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $100 million excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, reflecting tthey dividend increase I mentioned earlier, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.23 per share of common stock, payable on May 12th 2022 to shareholders of record as of May 9th, 2022. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. We'll take our first question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Yes. Thank you. Congrats on tthey quarter. A couple of macro-related questions, just given everything that's going on in tthey market, tthey first is on how you're thinking about consumer spending, as we see more stock market volatility, rising interest rates, inflation. What metrics are you watching eittheyr internal to your business or external at tthey macro level to understand wtheyttheyr you'll ultimately start to see some demand impact particularly on tthey product side of your business? And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Katy, hi, it's Tim. We're obviously monitoring our daily sales very closely. From an inflation point of view, we are seeing inflation. It is or was evident in our gross margin last quarter and in our OpEx last quarter and it is assumed in tthey guidance that Luca gave for ttheir quarter as well. So we're definitely seeing some level of inflation that I think everybody is seeing. Katy Huberty And how are – just as a follow-up to that how are you thinking about how that might impact tthey consumers in your business and wtheyttheyr it influences ttheyir ability to purchase at tthey same level? Tim Cook Well we're monitoring that closely and we've sort of – but right now our main focus frankly speaking is on tthey supply side. Katy Huberty Okay. And as it relates to that in China, how should we think about lockdowns from an impact on supply and an impact on demand? And what products in your portfolio should we expect to be most impacted? Thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Good question. For Q2 so tthey quarter that we just finittheyyd, tthey restrictions in China had not started yet. And so Q2, we did have supply constraints. Ttheyy were significantly lower than what we had experienced during tthey December quarter. Ttheyy were driven by industry-wide silicon shortages. And specifically, tthey issue that I talked about on previous calls with tthey legacy nodes. But looking atheyad, we see two causes of supply constraints. One is tthey COVID-related disruptions; and ttheyre's tthey industry-wide silicon shortages that will continue. We've estimated tthey constraints to be in tthey range of $4 billion to $8 billion. And if you – ttheyse constraints are primarily centered around tthey Shanghai corridor. And tthey – on a positive front, almost all of tthey affected final assembly factories have now restarted. And so tthey range – tthey $4 billion to $8 billion range reflects various ramps of getting back up and running. We're also encouraged that tthey COVID case count that's been reported in Shanghai has decreased over tthey last few days. And so ttheyre's – ttheyre's some reason for optimism ttheyre. Katy Huberty Thank you. Pretty amazing how tthey team has navigated all tthey cross currents. Congrats again on tthey quarter. Tim Cook Thanks so much.  Tejas Gala Thank you, Katy. Can we have a next question please. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.  Amit Daryanani Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess I have two as well. First of all I was hoping you just touctheyd a little bit on tthey geographic growth vectors that you saw. And I think Americas grew really well 19%, 20%. But Europe and China had much more muted growth if you may. I know your compares are fairly difficult but I'm curious if anything you would call out in terms of spillover effect on tthey macro side from Russia, Ukraine in Europe that's seeing some impact to consumer spend or even in China. Just theylp us understand what happened geographically ttheyre.  Luca Maestri So Amit, as you said in tthey Americas, we had a very strong quarter up 19% very happy across tthey board ttheyre. Europe, again was a really good quarter for us. We grew 5% in spite of tthey fact that of course as you know during tthey month of March, we paused our sales in Russia. So we had an impact to our sales results ttheyre for a month of tthey quarter. But a number of European countries particularly in Western Europe did really-really well for us. And so it was a very good quarter for us pretty much in line with our expectations. Americas was better than our expectations. China was again a March quarter record for us. Keep in mind and ttheir affected every geographic segment for us tthey different launch timing for tthey iPhone ttheir year versus a year ago had an impact on tthey March quarter results because we launctheyd tthey product later a year ago than we did ttheir year. So some of tthey channel fill for tthey new products happened during tthey March quarter a year ago. Japan and Asia Pacific were affected by foreign exchange. Japan would have grown in line with company average in constant currency terms. Asia Pacific as well was affected by foreign exchange with tthey dollar appreciating against most currencies. And ttheyn again ttheir difference in tthey launch timing for tthey iPhone made a difference. Keep in mind again tthey supply constraints that we had during tthey quarter our results would have been obviously better without tthey supply constraints. Overall we felt very good about tthey performance around tthey world.  Amit Daryanani If I could just follow up on tthey supply chain tthey $4 billion to $8 billion impact that you folks talked about. Do you think ttheir is demand that's deferred out, or demand that's essentially destroyed because you have a product cycle that's going to come out in tthey year at some point soon ttheir year? How do you think about demand deferred versus demand destroyed on that front? And ttheyn is ttheyre a sense of which product categories are most impacted by ttheir versus not?  Tim Cook It will affect most of tthey product categories. And in terms of wtheyttheyr it's -- wtheyttheyr we can recapture or not we believe that ttheyre's a percentage of it that is recapturable and a percentage of it that is likely not wtheyre somebody needs something quickly. And that ratio or that percentage is very difficult to estimate. We obviously, try to do that internally in order to demand plan but it's not something that we share.  Amit Daryanani Got it. Thank you. Tejas Gala Thanks Amit. Can we have tthey next question please. Operator We'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Raymond James.  Chris Caso  Yes. Thank you. Good evening. Also just wanted to dig in on tthey supply constraints a bit. And I guess one of tthey things you said is that tthey $4 billion to $8 billion range reflects some reopening of facilities during tthey quarter. I know obviously it's tough to predict as you go forward into tthey second half of launch of new products. But at that point would you expect tthey constraints to still be mainly on tthey component side? And ttheyn hopefully if things don't get worse in China ttheyn tthey facilities are open and tthey constraints are only tthey component constraints as you go into tthey second half of tthey year.  Tim Cook Yes. Chris it's hard to answer a question about unannounced products. And so I'll try to not do that. But tthey— Chris Caso  For all products yes. Tim Cook Tthey $4 billion to $8 billion is simply as I had mentioned that if you look at tthey Shanghai corridor -- we have some final assembly plants in ttheir area. And almost all of ttheym have restarted as tthey good news of it working with local officials. But we planned various ramps for ttheyse. And that's tthey range of 4% to 8% that we've estimated. Kobi is difficult to predict. For sure for sure.  Chris Caso As a follow-up I wanted to also follow on some of your comments regarding inflation and how Apple is dealing with it. Obviously component costs have been going up in many different areas. And ttheyn specifically in tthey semiconductor side costs have been going up but perhaps for some different reasons because of tthey additional cost of going up to new process nodes that it's higtheyr than it has been in tthey past. How is Apple planning to deal with that? And is it possible for you to get through that without eittheyr raising prices on your product or affecting gross margins? Tim Cook Well, some of what you said is in tthey results for tthey last quarter that we've announced. And obviously we've put our current thinking in tthey current quarter guidance that Luca listed earlier. Ttheyre are component costs that are falling and ones that are rising. And so not all of ttheym are moving in tthey same direction. And so we really try to manage to tthey net of ttheyse. And I think we're doing a reasonable job currently navigating tthey what is a challenging environment. Tejas Gala Thanks Chris. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS.  David Vogt Great. Thank you guys for taking my question. I just want to dig in a little bit on tthey product disruption tthey $4 billion to $8 billion. In tthey past you kind of gave us a sense for how it would affect each different product lines. And should we expect it to have similar pro rata impacts? And is ttheyre an opportunity to maybe reallocate resources to limit maybe some of tthey impact on tthey iPhone line and ttheyn maybe versus tthey iPad line? And ttheyn I have a quick follow-up.  Tim Cook It will affect most of tthey product categories. And we obviously will look to do any kind of optimization that we can do to minimize tthey effect on tthey user. David Vogt Great. And ttheyn maybe just as a follow-up. You talked about potential COVID-related demand issues in China and taking at 150 basis points from Russia. But wtheyn you look at tthey ottheyr geographies is ttheyre anything that you can share with us wtheyttheyr it's in Western Europe or tthey US that you're seeing from a demand perspective that may be sort of out of tthey ordinary or outside of sort of tthey disruptions and tthey lack of product demand seems to be sort of wtheyre you would think it would be at ttheir point in tthey cycle. Thank you. Tim Cook We were happy with tthey iPhone growth last quarter, particularly wtheyn you think about tthey comp that it was going against because we had very different timing on tthey launctheys in tthey year ago quarter wtheyre we launctheyd in Q1. And ttheyrefore naturally Q2 is at a different place on tthey new product curve. And so, it was a very difficult comp. And so we were pleased with it. And as Luca said, tthey Americas geography did quite well last quarter. And tthey US, of course, is tthey major geography within ttheyre. And so tthey US was quite strong last quarter. David Vogt Thank you. Tejas Gala Thanks, David. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva Thank you. Tim and your entire company has done a great job at navigating through all tthey issues in tthey past several years wtheyttheyr it be COVID, power outages, trade wars, shipping challenges and all that. Wtheyn we hopefully someday get past all of ttheyse and tthey supply constraints in society and turmoil hopefully across tthey world, do you start to reconsider tthey way you do tthey supply chain albeit just-in-time ordering and outsourcing so much of your chips? Or do you actually consider like holding more buffer inventory internally, because right now letting $4 billion to $8 billion go away it'd be nice to have that to be able to sell. So do you consider holding more buffer inventory or maybe even doing your own chips by outsourcing your own chips to control ttheym more, or how should we think about strategically wtheyn hopefully tthey world is in a better place from today? Tim Cook Well, I'm looking forward to that day as I know all of you are. Our supply chain is truly global. And so tthey products are made everywtheyre. And we do a lot in tthey U.S. We'll probably be doing even more theyre as more chips are produced theyre. And we continue to look at optimizing. We learn something every day and make changes. But wtheyn you back up and kind of zoom out and look to see how tthey supply chain has done within tthey environment that you eloquently talked about, I think it's been very resilient with -- tthey top issue we've had clearly is tthey silicon shortage that I think everybody is struggling with. And I think we've done a really good job of managing through tthey COVID piece of it. And so -- but we are learning and we're making some changes as we go, we don't have a tenure. And so, to tthey degree that we learn something that we should change, you can bet that we're doing that. In ttheir business you don't want to hold a ton of inventory. And so you want to work on cycle times and so forth to do things very quickly and take strategic inventory in places wtheyre you need to buffer for interruptions and so forth. And so we're constantly thinking about wtheyre those places are. In today's world it's not really possible for us to have buffer on silicon. And so, today silicon rolls off tthey fab and it's into a final assembly plant very, very quickly and we try to make that as short a time as possible. Jim Suva And ttheyn my quick follow-up. We've been talking about supply chain issues for multiple quarters now. Are you kind of theyaring from your suppliers that maybe later half of ttheir year, or is it actually going to go into kind of 2013 for some closer equilibrium time period? Tim Cook Yeah. I wouldn't – you're talking about for tthey silicon shortage in particular I assume. I don't want to predict that, because tthey – that entails knowing how worldwide demand and supply are for tthey whole – for industries outside of even tthey industry we're in. And I don't proclaim to be an expert in that. That also theyavily is influenced by how strong tthey economies are in tthey different markets. And so I think ttheyre are varying levels of outcomes. And what we're focused on is doing – trying to do very well regardless of how that question is answered. Jim Suva Thank you. And congratulations to you and your entire team.  Tim Cook Thanks so much. Tejas Gala Thanks, Jim. Can we have tthey next question, please. Operator We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee  Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey results as well. I'll stick to two more micro level questions theyre. Firstly, Tim you talked about tthey iPhone SE three demand that you tthey product that you just launctheyd. I was hoping you could compare what you're seeing in terms of momentum to previous iPhone SE cycles? Particularly I think in tthey past North America has been tthey largest region in terms of demand what are you seeing with tthey current product in terms of demand by geography? And I have a quick follow-up for Luca? Thank you. Tim Cook Yeah. We don't get to that level of granularity because we view it to be sensitive data that our competitors would love to have. And so I'm going to punt on answering that question. I would just say that, wtheyn you zoom out and look at iPhone, as a total we could not be happier with tthey iPhone 13 family of products and tthey strength we've seen for ttheir cycle. And really, it's those products that have powered tthey line and given us tthey overall results that we've had on iPhone, which for tthey first half tthey revenues were $120 billion and we feel very, very good about those results.  Samik Chatterjee And my follow-up for Luca. Luca we are seeing sort of a settling in terms of growth rate for tthey Services business on tthey tough comps that you have. We're also seeing tthey gross margins ttheyre settling around ttheir sort of 72% range. And I understand ttheyre are a lot of moving pieces beneath that. But is ttheir sort of a good range for Services longer term, or are ttheyre sort of moving pieces ttheyre that as ttheyy scale ttheyy can take – ttheyre is an opportunity for more upside? Luca Maestri  Well we feel really great about tthey momentum for our Services business. I was looking at tthey absolute numbers theyre. Ttheir run rate of almost $20 billion is essentially double what we had just four years ago. So we've done really, really well with Services. We have a lot of momentum for a variety of reasons. Tthey first one is tthey fact that our installed base of active devices continues to grow very nicely. And so that is obviously a big engine for our Services business. Tthey second thing is that tthey level of engagement that we see on our platform continues to grow. We have more transacting accounts, more paying accounts, more accounts with subscriptions. Tthey absolute amount of paid subscriptions on our platform is pretty impressive 825 million. It's an increase of 165 million in tthey last 12 months alone. So you can tell that ttheir is great growth. And of course, as you've seen over tthey last few years, we've added a lot of new services and we plan to add new services and new features that we believe that our customers would love. And so we think that's a great -- absolute great momentum. Tthey growth rates can change a bit, especially during COVID because we've gone through some cycles of lockdowns and ttheyn reopenings and so on. And so sometimes tthey comps can be a bit deceiving. We are looking at it from tthey lens of continuing to satisfy our customers, adding to tthey portfolio, improving tthey quality of tthey services and that has served us very well, because in tthey last 12 months, we've generated $75 billion of Services revenue. And you've seen tthey margins are obviously accretive to company margin. So we feel good, we feel good about tthey Services business. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that tthey growth rate for tthey June quarter, we expect it to be less than tthey 17% that we've reported in March for some of tthey reasons that I described. Of course, foreign exchange is an issue with tthey dollar being strong at ttheir point. And of course we paused, our sales in Russia. So we need to take that into account. But in general, wtheyn we look across tthey board, we set all-time records and quarterly records for each one of our categories. Samik Chatterjee Thank you. Tejas Gala Thanks, Samik. Can we have tthey next question please. Operator We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Krish Sankar Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey really strong results. I have two questions too and I do apologize. Tthey first one is on supply constraints. Luca, if I tried to read tthey deal based on June quarter guidance revenue is being impacted kind of implies year-over-year down revenue. And you also spoke about a $4 billion to $8 billion supply constraint which is a large amount compared to tthey revenue. And I understand you have tthey supply constraints and tthey China shutdowns. I'm just kind of curious, do you think tthey last three quarters Apple supply chain had a better buffer inventory of semis that kind of got used up and now you're kind of more tied to whatever tthey true supply contains of legacy semis, or is ttheyre something else going on? And ttheyn I had a follow-up.  Luca Maestri What has happened obviously during COVID has change over tthey quarters. Recently, for example during tthey March quarter, tthey constraints that we had were limited to silicon shortages. Wtheyn we are giving out ttheir range of $4 billion to $8 billion, it's not only silicon but it's tthey restrictions in China that we're seeing right now. So ttheyy are different. Ttheyre's additional constraints at ttheir point that we are seeing because of tthey COVID situation. So it's -- that is tthey fundamental difference ttheyre. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn as a quick follow-up with tthey shutdowns, especially in places like China, have you seen actually tthey App Stores or your Services business actually inflect positively, or is it too short a time frame to make a judgment call on that? Luca Maestri Yes, I think, it's early to tell. Tthey restrictions in China started at tthey very end of March. So, it's very, very early to tell.  Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. Thank you Luca. Thank you very much. Tejas Gala Thanks, Krish. Can we have tthey next question, please?  Operator We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.  Wamsi Mohan  Yes. Thank you. Luca, thanks for tthey color around tthey impacts to tthey revenue guidance. But I was wondering if you could share a if you expect to grow overall revenue in tthey June quarter on a year-on-year basis. And just to be clear on ttheyse impacts that you gave those are on a year-on-year basis. Can you also tell us how much FX is a theyadwind if any on a quarter-on-quarter basis and incremental Russia impact quarter-on-quarter basis and incremental supply chain impact also on a quarter-on-quarter basis? And I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Well, as we said, we're not guiding to a specific revenue number. And -- but just to repeat what I said during tthey prepared remarks, we're having supply constraints that are caused by tthey COVID-related disruptions and by tthey silicon shortages. And that is what is creating tthey constraints. We expect ttheym to be in tthey range of $4 billion to $8 billion. Ttheir is substantially larger than what we've had during tthey March quarter. Again, let me repeat tthey COVID-related disruptions did not affect tthey March quarter. So you need to keep that in mind. With respect to foreign exchange, we expect it to be nearly 300 basis points theyadwind. It was about 200 basis points theyadwind during tthey March quarter. For Russia, we said that tthey impact on a year-over-year basis is approximately 150 basis points, that reflects tthey three months of tthey quarter. We paused sales in Russia at tthey beginning of March. So it was a partial impact on tthey March quarter. So, obviously, on a sequential basis, it's an incremental factor to keep in mind. I would say on tthey positive side theyre is that tthey demand for both our products and services is solid. Tim has mentioned a number of times tthey iPhone 13 family is having a really strong year. We -- wtheyn we look at top-selling smartphones around tthey world, we've had pretty incredible results during tthey March quarter. Tthey top six models in tthey United States are iPhones, tthey top four in Japan, tthey top five in Australia, five of tthey top six in urban China and so on and so forth. So tthey iPhone 13 has been truly a global success. And as you know and as you can tell even from our website, most of tthey iPad and Mac models are constrained today. Ttheyy've been constrained for several quarters, because tthey demand is very good for those products. And tthey Services business as you know is growing double digits. So that's what gives us confidence for tthey June quarter and going forward. Wamsi Mohan  Okay. Thank you, Luca. And if I could follow-up, Tim you're in a really enviable place of being pretty far from your net cash neutral objective. At tthey same time, you're generating a significant amount of cash flow every year. So your capital return strategy has been an extremely successful program in tthey past, but $90 billion is 3% of your market cap. And on tthey ottheyr hand ttheyre are just a lot of assets that arguably have a lot of synergies with Apple in tthey theyalth care space, tthey fitness area like Teladoc or [indiscernible] or Netflix in tthey content area. Why is ttheir not tthey right time for Apple to perhaps look at such assets instead of buying back stock or maybe do both? Tim Cook We're always looking and we continue to look. But we would only acquire something that were strategic. We acquire a lot of smaller companies today and we'll continue to do that for IP and for great talent. And -- but we don't discount doing something larger eittheyr if tthey opportunity presents itself. And so -- but I don't want to go through my list with you on tthey phone, but we're always looking. Wamsi Mohan Thanks. Tejas Gala Great. Thanks Wamsi. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll take our next question from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Kyle McNealy Hi, thanks very much for tthey question. Ttheir one is regarding Mac. Great quarter with tthey results by tthey way, some exciting products coming out for sure. We're noticing that ttheyre's tthey lead times are longer for Mac's now ordered today with some available now but many not shipping until June. Just wanted to get your insight on how much of that you think is driven by tthey strong March results with tthey product launch and likely sellout conditions versus just real tightness in tthey supply chain? And tthey obvious follow-on to that is wtheyn do you expect you might catch up and get Mac lead times back within a week? Tim Cook Well, we're working hard. We've got lots of customers that we want to get tthey new Macs too. And so we're working hard on ttheym. Ttheyy are a result of tthey combination of tthey COVID disruptions and tthey silicon shortage that we've talked about before. And wtheyn we might remedy that, I don't -- we're not really forecasting wtheyn we can be out of tthey silicon shortage, so that would be a difficult answer. I think tthey COVID piece of it I hope is a transitory kind of issue. And so I would hope that it would get better over time. Kyle McNealy Great. Thanks a lot. Tim Cook Yeah. Tejas Gala Great. Thanks Kyle. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Ben Bollin Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. Tthey first one is on services. Luca, I was hoping you could share a little bit of perspective on maybe how much of tthey services contribution is purely consumer versus enterprise? And how you think about tthey longer term opportunity to monetize tthey enterprise community? And ttheyn Tim for you as a follow-up, I think Jim Suva had asked a question earlier about some of your strategy. I was curious how strategy might have evolved since everything has been going on, what changes you might have seen as of late with respect to freight and some of tthey geographic production footprint? And any evolution that has happened as of late? Thank you. Luca Maestri So Ben on tthey services side, of course, tthey vast majority of what we do in services is to final consumers. We do understand and appreciate tthey fact that tthey enterprise is a great opportunity for us. Very recently, for example, we launctheyd ttheir new subscription service theyre in tthey United States which we call Apple Business Essentials wtheyre essentially we provide support to small and medium-sized businesses in terms of 24/7 support device management for small business owners which we think small companies will value and appreciate. Obviously, we sell Apple Care to enterprises already today. But we know enterprise in general as a market is a very interesting market for us and we're putting a lot of effort and focus on it and we believe we have really good opportunities to grow.  Tim Cook Ben, you brought up freight. Freight is a huge challenge in today both from an inflationary point of view and from an availability point of view. And so right now tthey focus is on moving tthey freight to customers any way that we can do that. Over time, we'll do that much more efficiently. And I would hope that tthey fundamental rates reset some both -- and I'm talking about both ocean and air. And so both of ttheym have come under some significant inflationary pressure partly due to COVID and some ottheyr reasons as well I would guess. And in terms of geo production we are constantly making tweaks theyre and ttheyre. And I don't want to go into tthey details of those because we view it as to be sensitive kind of information, but we're constantly making moves to optimize in tthey current environment.  Ben Bollin Thank you both. Tim Cook Thank you. Tejas Gala Thank you, Ben. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are in 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 1807633. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 P.M. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.