Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2018 Earnings Call May 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Anthony Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Operator Good day everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Randy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, share repurchases, dividends and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey Associated Press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Randy, and to everyone joining us, welcome. We're proud to announce tthey results of a very successful quarter today, setting new March quarter records for both revenue and earnings. We generated $61.1 billion of revenue. That's up 16% from last year, making it our sixth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue growth. Our performance was broad-based, with iPhone revenue up 14%, services up 31% and wearables up almost 50%. We grew in each of our geographic segments, and in Greater China and Japan, revenue was up more than 20%. iPhone's second quarter performance capped a tremendous fiscal first half with $100 billion in iPhone revenue, an increase of $12 billion over last year, setting a new first half record and achieving our higtheyst first half growth rate in three years. iPhone gained share during tthey quarter based on IDC's latest estimates for tthey global smartphone market. And customers chose iPhone X more than any ottheyr iPhone each week in tthey March quarter, just as ttheyy did following its launch in tthey December quarter. Since we split tthey line with tthey launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014, ttheir is tthey first cycle in which tthey top of tthey line iPhone model has also been tthey most popular. Q2 was our best quarter ever for services and momentum ttheyre continues to be incredibly strong. Revenue topped $9 billion for tthey first time, up more than $2 billion over last year's March quarter. We had all-time record revenue from tthey App Store, from Apple Music, from iCloud, from Apple Pay and more, all of which are a powerful illustration of tthey importance of our huge active installed base of devices and tthey loyalty and engagement of our customers. Across all our services, paid subscriptions surpassed 270 million, up over 100 million from a year ago and up $30 million in tthey last 90 days alone, contributing to tthey overall increase in services revenue. Apple Pay continues its strong growth with active users more than doubling and transactions tripling year-over-year. We believe tthey availability of Apple Pay at major transit systems have been a key driver of adoption among commuters and in March, we launctheyd Express Transit with Apple Pay in Beijing and Shanghai, tthey second and third largest transit systems in tthey world. Apple Pay is already tthey most successful mobile transit payment system in Tokyo, which has tthey busiest transit system of all. With tthey launch of Brazil in April, Apple Pay is now available in 21 markets and we expect Norway, Poland and Ukraine to launch in tthey next several months. Ttheir was anottheyr outstanding quarter for our wearables business, which includes Apple Watch, Beats and AirPods with combined revenue of almost 50% year-over-year. Looking at its revenue over tthey last four quarters, our wearables business is now tthey size of a Fortune 300 company. Apple Watch had anottheyr great quarter with revenue growing by strong double digits year-over-year to a new March quarter record. Millions of customers are using Apple Watch to theylp ttheym stay active, theyalthy and connected and ttheyy have made it tthey top selling watch in tthey world. We launctheyd carrier support for Series 3 with cellular in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Thailand during tthey quarter with more markets on tthey way. And now with Watch OS 4.2, ttheyre are more features than ever before. For example, in addition to tracking your workouts and theyart rate, skiers and snowboarders can record runs, see vertical descent and calculate speed, as well as contribute data directly to tthey Apple Watch activity app. AirPods are incredibly popular and we're seeing ttheym in more and more places, in tthey gym, in coffee shops, wtheyrever people are enjoying music on ttheyir Apple devices. Ttheir product is a runaway hit, and we're working hard to meet tthey incredible demand. We started shipping HomePod in February, and it's widely recognized as having tthey best audio quality for its size and class. HomePod is a breakthrough speaker that delivers amazing sound, and we believe it will change tthey way people listen to music at home. It's currently available in tthey United States, tthey United Kingdom and Australia, and we're looking forward to adding new features to HomePod and introducing it to more markets around tthey world soon. In March, we announced new products for tthey education community, including updating our most popular iPad with support for Apple Pencil. It empowers students to be even more creative and productive, from learning to code to sketching ideas and jotting down handwritten notes to marking up screenshots. And tthey new iPad's gorgeous retina display, advanced chip and enhanced cameras and sensors are designed to support tthey next generation of apps for immersive augmented reality experiences in tthey classroom. In addition to our successful Everyone Can Code initiative, we've launctheyd Everyone Can Create. It's a new free curriculum that makes it fun and easy for teactheyrs to integrate drawing, music, film making or photography into ttheyir existing lesson plans for any subject. We believe education is tthey great equalizer. And wtheyttheyr it's through our coding programs, our unrivaled augmented reality platform, or tthey creativity both can unleash, we're proud to theylp students everywtheyre reach new frontiers of learning with Apple technology. In March, we also released iOS 11.3, a major update offering new immersive augmented reality experiences, access to personal theyalth records in tthey Health app and more. Apps can now deliver AR experiences that use vertical walls and doors in addition to tables and chairs and can make – more accurately map irregular shaped surfaces. Tthey update to ARKit that made ttheir possible came just six months after we launctheyd tthey world's largest AR platform. Also in iOS 11.3, patients in nearly 40 theyalth systems representing hundreds of hospitals and clinics can now consolidate ttheyir medical records from multiple sources and view ttheym all in one place, right from ttheyir iPhone. Ttheir data is encrypted and protected with tthey user's iPhone passcode, and it can theylp ttheym better understand ttheyir theyalth theirtory, have informed conversations with doctors and family members, and make future theyalth care decisions. Consistent with our long-term focus, privacy is a key element of ttheyse initiatives for education and personal theyalth. We're relentless about making tthey best products and experiences in tthey world, while fiercely protecting our users' privacy, because we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. Our environmental initiatives recently passed an important milestone. All of our global facilities across 43 countries are now powered with 100% clean energy. We work with communities around tthey world to build clean power sources. Apple now has 25 renewable energy projects operational and 15 more under construction. We're also driving our supply chain to use clean energy. As of last month, 23 of our suppliers are committed to operating on 100% renewable energy. We're now halfway through our fiscal 2018 with nearly $150 billion in revenue and double digit growth in all of our geographic segments. We generated almost $34 billion in earnings in six months, and we're very bullish on Apple's future. We have tthey best pipeline of products and services we've ever had. We have a huge installed base of active devices that is growing across all products, and we have tthey higtheyst customer loyalty and satisfaction in tthey industry. Our services business is growing dramatically. Our balance ttheyyet and our cash flow generation are strong and that allows us to invest significantly in our product roadmap and still return a very meaningful amount of capital to our shareholders. Recent corporate tax reform enables us to deploy our global cash more efficiently. In tthey United States, we expect our direct investment in tthey economy to exceed $350 billion over tthey next five years, including $30 billion in capital expenditures. And we expect to create over 20,000 U.S. jobs at Apple over that timeframe. We're narrowing tthey site selection for a new U.S. campus, and we look forward to sharing more information on that later ttheir year. Consistent with our annual cadence, today we're providing an update on our capital return program. Tax reform makes it possible for us to execute our program more efficiently, both through share repurchases and payment of dividend to tthey tens of millions of investors who own Apple stock eittheyr directly or indirectly from large pension funds to individuals with retirement accounts. So today, given our strong confidence in Apple's future, we're announcing a significant update to our capital return program. Our Board of Directors has approved a new $100 billion share repurchase authorization as well as a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend, effective with our next dividend payable later ttheir month. Luca will provide more details about our program as well as a more in-depth discussion of tthey quarter's results. So I'll now turn tthey call over to them. Luca? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. We're very pleased to report record financial results for our March quarter with revenue growth of 16%, EPS up 30%. Starting with revenue, we generated $61.1 billion, our higtheyst ever for a March quarter. Revenue grew in all of our geographic segments, setting new Q2 records in most countries we track. Performance was very strong in emerging markets wtheyre revenue was up 20% and we were especially pleased to see 21% year-over-year growth in Greater China, our strongest growth rate from that segment in 10 quarters. We also set Q2 revenue records in tthey Americas, in Europe and in Japan. Gross margin was 38.3%, essentially flat sequentially, as we offset tthey seasonal loss of leverage with cost improvements and a shift in mix toward services. Operating margin was 26% of revenue. Net income was $13.8 billion, up $2.8 billion over last year and a March quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $2.73, up 30% to a new record for Q2, and cash flow from operations was very strong at $15.1 billion. iPhone revenue grew 14% year-over-year, with iPhone ASP increasing to $728 from $655 a year ago, driven primarily by tthey performance of iPhone X, iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. During tthey quarter we sold 52.2 million iPhones, up 3% over last year, and we grew iPhone units by double digits in several markets including Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Turkey, Central and Eastern Europe, Mexico and Vietnam. Our performance from a customer demand standpoint was even stronger than our reported results, as we reduced iPhone channel inventory by 1.8 million units, 600,000 units more than tthey March quarter reduction last year. We exited tthey March quarter within our target range of five to seven weeks of iPhone channel inventory. Our customers are extremely happy with ttheyir iPhones. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates that across all iPhone models, tthey customer satisfaction rating was 95%, and combining iPhone 8, 8 Plus and iPhone X, customer satisfaction was even higtheyr, at 99%. And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey June quarter, 78% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services. We had a sensational quarter with all-time record revenue of $9.2 billion, and that's up more than $2 billion from last year, an increase of 31% and double tthey services revenue we generated in tthey March quarter just four years ago. Our services business is growing at a very fast pace all around tthey world, with revenue up more than 25% year-over-year in each of our five geographic segments. Tthey App Store set a new all-time revenue record in tthey March quarter and Apple Music reactheyd a new record for both revenue and paid subscribers, which have now passed 40 million. iCloud storage revenue was up by over 50% year-over-year to a new all-time record, and AppleCare revenue grew at its higtheyst rate in five quarters, setting a new March quarter record. Our ottheyr product category also set a new record for tthey March quarter with revenue of almost $4 billion. We began shipping HomePod in February and unit sales of both Apple Watch and AirPods reactheyd a new high for tthey March quarter. Wtheyn we combine all our wearables and home products, ttheyy accounted for over 90% of tthey total growth in tthey ottheyr products category. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac which set a new March quarter revenue record including new records in both tthey Americas and Greater China. We sold 4.1 million Macs, generating year-over-year growth in many emerging markets including Latin America, tthey Middle East and Africa, Central and Eastern Europe and India. We were happy to see double digit growth in our active installed base of Macs to a new all-time high, with almost 60% of March quarter purchases coming from customers who are new to Mac. iPad grew both units and revenue for tthey fourth consecutive quarter. We sold 9.1 million iPads and about half of purchases were by customers new to iPad. Growth was particularly strong in Japan, in Latin America, Middle East and Africa and Central and Eastern Europe. All markets wtheyre iPad sales were up double digits compared to a year ago. We gained share of tthey global tablet market based on tthey latest estimates from IDC and our active installed base of iPads reactheyd an all-time high. NPD indicates that iPad has 53% of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey March quarter, up from 40% share a year ago. And tthey most recent customer survey from 451 Research measured iPad customer satisfaction ratings of 95% and among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in tthey June quarter, 73% plan to purchase iPads. We continue to make great strides in tthey enterprise market. In February, we announced a new cyber risk management solution for businesses with Cisco, Aon and Allianz. Ttheir combined approach is an industry first that integrates tthey most secure technology from Apple and Cisco, cyber resilience evaluation services from Aon and options for enhanced cyber insurance coverage from Allianz. Organizations will now be able to better manage and protect ttheymselves from cyber risks associated with ransomware and ottheyr malware-related threats. We are thrilled that insurance industry leaders recognize that Apple products provide superior security. In March, we announced two new services with IBM to bring more dynamic and intelligent insights into apps. IBM Watson services for Core ML and IBM Cloud Developer Console for Apple will enable developers to more easily build native iOS apps that bring togettheyr machine learning with artificial intelligence and cloud services. In theyalthcare, iPhones are being used across leading theyalth systems including Cedars-Sinai, tthey Mayo Clinic and HCA Healthcare with iOS apps to support clinical workflows, communications and care delivery. In fact, HCA Healthcare recently announced ttheyy plan to deploy 100,000 iPhones across ttheyir hospital sites within tthey next three years. We had great performance from our retail and online stores which produced ttheyir higtheyst March quarter revenue ever. Year-over-year growth was led by iPhone as well as strong performance from AirPods and introduction of HomePod. Our stores hosted more than 250,000 of our very popular Today at Apple sessions with a particular emphasis on coding and app design. During tthey quarter, we opened beautiful new stores in South Korea and in Austria, our first in both countries, and three weeks ago we opened our newest store in Tokyo, bringing us to 502 stores across tthey world today. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $267.2 billion in cash plus marketable securities, and we had $110 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding for a net cash position of $145 billion. We returned nearly $27 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3.2 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $23.5 billion on repurchases of 137 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also retired 5.7 million shares upon tthey completion of our 13 ASR during tthey quarter. We have now completed over $275 billion of our current $300 billion capital return program, including $200 billion in share repurchases against our cumulative $210 million buyback program. We will complete tthey $210 billion program during tthey June quarter, three full quarters sooner than initially planned. Tthey biggest priorities for our cash have not changed over tthey years. We want to maintain tthey cash we need to fund our day-to-day operations, to invest in our future, and to provide flexibility so that we can respond effectively to tthey strategic opportunities we encounter along tthey way. As we said 90 days ago, tthey new tax legislation enacted in December gives us increased financial and operational flexibility from tthey access to our global cash. It allows us to invest for growth in tthey United States more efficiently and it also provides us tthey opportunity to work towards a more optimal capital structure. As we said in February, our goal is to become approximately net cash neutral over time. Given our strong confidence in Apple's future and tthey value that we see in our stock, our board has authorized a new $100 billion share repurchase program which we will start executing during tthey June quarter. Considering tthey unprecedented size of ttheir new authorization, we want to be particularly thoughtful and flexible in our approach to repurchasing shares. Our intention is to execute our program efficiently and at a fast pace. As in tthey past, we will provide regular updates on our capital return activities at tthey end of every quarter. We're also raising our dividend for tthey sixth time in less than six years. As we know, it is very important for our investors who value income. Tthey quarterly dividend will grow from $0.63 to $0.73 per share, an increase of 16%. Ttheir is effective with our next dividend which tthey board has declared today, payable on May 17, 2018, to shareholders of record as of May 14, 2018. With over $13 billion in annual dividend payments, we are proud to be among tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. We will continue to review our capital allocation regularly, taking into account tthey needs of our business, our investment opportunities, and our financial outlook. We will also continue to solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. Ttheir approach will allow us to be flexible and thoughtful about tthey size, tthey mix and tthey pace of our program. We expect to provide a new update to our capital allocation plans approximately 12 months from now. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Randy referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $7.7 billion and $7.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million. And we expect our tax rate to be about 14.5%. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow up. May we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Your first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about your thoughts on sort of iPhone and positioning now that we're a couple of quarters out from tthey launch of tthey iPhone X. Given tthey $1,000 price point, and it's clearly selling but ttheyre's been a lot of questions in tthey market about sustainability of that price point and how you're thinking about it as you look out sort of holistically across your lineup. So if you could talk a bit about what you're theyaring from your customers and ttheyn I have a follow up. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Sure. Shannon, it's Tim. As Luca mentioned earlier, our revenues are up 14% year-over-year on iPhone and that's a combination of single digit unit growth and ASP growth that is mainly driven by iPhone X. I think that our iPhone line shows that ttheyre's a variety of different customers in a market that is as large as a smartphone market and so we're going to continue to provide different iPhones for folks to meet ttheyir needs. On iPhone X specifically, I think it's important to maybe emphasize again one of tthey things I mentioned in my opening comments, that customers chose iPhone X more than any ottheyr iPhone each and every week in tthey March quarter, just as ttheyy did following its launch in tthey December quarter. Also, since we split tthey line with tthey launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus back in 2014, ttheir is tthey first cycle that we've ever had wtheyre tthey top of tthey line iPhone model has also been tthey most popular. And so with tthey customer set that Luca referenced as well, tthey 99%, tthey iPhone X is a beloved product. And so I think that it's one of those things wtheyre like a team wins tthey Super Bowl, maybe you want ttheym to win by a few more points but it's a Super Bowl winner and that's how we feel about it. I could not be prouder of tthey product. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, Luca, can you talk a bit about working capital, specifically inventory which went up pretty significantly quarter-over-quarter? What's driving that and how are you thinking about, I mean, it's one of tthey uses of cash obviously, so how are you thinking about inventory and maybe working capital in general as you're going forward? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Shannon, you know that we've always generated significant amount of cash through working capital. We've got a negative cash conversion cycle and we plan to continue to have that. Our inventory level has gone up. It's just a temporary event. We have decided to make some purchasing decision, given current market conditions, and that should unwind over time. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC So that was essentially component purchases? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Correct. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Shannon. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay. Thank you very much. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Morgan Stanley, Katy Huberty. Anthony Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Good afternoon. Tthey services growth acceleration is really tthey highlight ttheir quarter in my mind. Can you talk about what tthey biggest drivers, wtheyttheyr it be products or regions that drove tthey acceleration and do you think that we can continue to see growth north of 30%? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Hi, Katy. It's Tim. Tthey services grew 31%. We hit an all-time record at $9.2 billion, first time we cleared $9 billion. Tthey great news about it is, it's not a single geo or a single service. If you look at it, each of tthey geos, tthey minimum was at 25%. So each of tthey geos did extremely well and we set records from tthey App Store to tthey Apple Music to iCloud to Apple Pay and more. And underneath that, if you look at tthey subscriptions, tthey number of subscriptions, I think I mentioned ttheir in my comments, paid subscriptions had moved up over 100 million on a year-over-year basis to over 270 million by tthey end of tthey quarter. And so it's very broad-based in terms of type of service and geographic region. It's sort of exactly what we would like to see. In terms of forecasting moving forward, we've obviously made assumption for our guidance that Luca provided earlier and in terms of longer term, we're on target to our 2020 goal of doubling tthey services revenue of 2016 as we had talked about previously. Anthony Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC And it doesn't look like tthey threat of a trade war with China slowed down that business. In fact, growth accelerated. But anything anecdotally that you see in tthey business in recent weeks that would suggest that that is having an impact on demand and any actions that Apple is taking as a company to preempt any risk of tariffs going forward? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, I think my own view is that China and tthey U.S. have ttheir unavoidable mutuality wtheyre China only wins if tthey U.S. wins and tthey U.S. only wins if China wins and tthey world only wins if China and tthey U.S. win. And so I think ttheyre's lots of things that bind tthey countries togettheyr and I'm actually very optimistic. I think theirtory shows us that countries that embrace openness and diversity do much, much better than tthey ones that are closed. And so I'm a big believer that tthey two countries togettheyr can both win and grow tthey pie, not just allocate it differently. And so that's our focus, and I'm optimistic that – I don't know every play by play that will happen, but over time, I think that view will prevail. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator And that will come from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Hey. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Just following on tthey services question, I'd be curious what tthey next drivers of services revenue are. Will it be continued penetration of Music and Pay that you see as kind of tthey largest future categories of incremental growth? Or maybe wtheyn could augmented reality become a material part of services? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Well, Mike, it's Tim. Again, tthey great thing about services is ttheyre are several services that make up tthey total that are growing nicely. And I think tthey ottheyr good news is that because our active installed base is at such a level, that last quarter we said that we had exceeded 1.3 billion. Ttheir year – we're not going to release ttheir number every quarter, but we've obviously grown again. And it's growing at a double digit number on a year-over-year basis. And so with that kind of change in tthey installed base and with tthey services that we have now and ottheyrs that we are working on, I think ttheir is just a huge opportunity for us and feel very good about tthey track that we're on. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Okay. And ttheyn any potential tariff issues aside, what's working for Apple in China right now? You talked about it being tthey strongest year-over-year growth in 10 quarters. I guess, what's driving that? Is it iPhone X specifically, or something else that's behind that improvement? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. It's a good question. iPhone X was tthey most popular smartphone in all of China last quarter. And so iPhone X has done well ttheyre. In order to hit a number like 21% on tthey growth that you see on your data ttheyyet ttheyre, ttheyre has to be several things working well. And tthey things that have huge growth rates ttheyre are tthey ottheyr products category, which is our wearables business in China and tthey services business, which you and I just spoke about. Tthey iPhone obviously had to do extremely well to get a 21% number. And we gained share in tthey market for tthey Mac as well. And so ttheyre's actually several vectors ttheyre that are working well for us. We also – more broadly on tthey iPhone, tthey iPhone was tthey top three selling phones in China. And so it's iPhone X was number one, but we had several in tthey top. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Mike. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From RBC Capital Markets, Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thanks a lot. Two questions from me as well. I guess first one, just touching on tthey gross margin dynamics, if I look at tthey guidance for June on a year-over-year basis, I think sales are up double digit but gross margins are still flat at tthey high end, maybe down 20 basis points at tthey midpoint. Can you just talk about what's driving tthey lack of leverage on a gross margin basis on a year-over-year basis for June? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Amit, it's Luca. We tend to look at our gross margin dynamics on a sequential basis, and essentially we're guiding to about flat on a sequential basis. On a year-over-year basis, it's less relevant for our business. But in general, I would say that ttheir year we are seeing a more difficult cost environment, particularly we're still dealing with about 70 basis points of impact from tthey memory pricing environment that we're working through. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it. And if I could just follow up. Tim, you've been fairly vocal I think talking about tthey need for better privacy protection and well-crafted regulation over time. Could you just maybe theylp us understand, how does Apple protect consumer data? And how does ttheir ongoing debate around data protection translate into a positive for Apple over time? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We protect it by encrypting it, and we keep tthey bulk of information or a significant amount of information on tthey device so that tthey user is in control of it. We also collect much less overall than ottheyrs do. Because if you look at our model, if we can convince you to buy an iPhone or an iPad, we'll make a little bit of money. You're not our product. And so that's how we look at that. In terms of benefit, we don't really view it like that. We view that privacy is a fundamental human right and that it's an extremely complex situation if you're a user to understand a lot of tthey user agreements and so forth. And we've always viewed that part of our role was to sort of make things as simple as possible for tthey user and provide ttheym a level of privacy and security. And so that's how we look at it. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Great. Thank you. Luca, could you talk a bit more about tthey capital allocation? Tthey dividend increase of 16% was relatively low relative to what you could have done, so are you really thinking tthey stock price is attractive theyre? And you said you would execute tthey buyback at a fast pace. Can you give us any timeframe of that $100 billion and how much debt do you think about in terms of net cash zero? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. Let's start with tthey dividend. We're increasing it by 16%. Ttheir is tthey largest increase that we've done since we've reintroduced tthey dividend back in August of 2012. So we think it's a very meaningful increase for all tthey investors that value income. Obviously, wtheyn we come down to capital allocation decisions, we obviously also keep in mind that tthey opportunity for us to do some M&A activities which we do in an ongoing basis. But wtheyn it comes down between dividends and buyback, our view is that for a variety of reasons we see a lot of value in tthey stock. We believe tthey stock is undervalued and so we have a bias towards tthey buyback. So tthey dividend is a very large component of capital return because we're going to be returning more than $13 billion a year to investors through dividends but we believe that given wtheyre we are with tthey valuation of tthey stock, we think that we continue to do tthey buyback primarily. We are not giving an end date to tthey program ttheir time because tthey amount is very, very large and so we will try to execute it. As you've seen from our track record during tthey last five years, we will do it at a very fast pace but we also want to do it efficiently. We want to make sure that we buy back tthey stock at tthey right time. And so with that in mind, we have done $23.5 billion of repurchases during tthey March quarter. We will give you an update to our activities at tthey end of every quarter and ttheyn 12 months from now we will actually talk about an update to tthey entire program. So you will be able to keep track of our progress every 90 days. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. And, Tim, could you talk a bit about your theyalthcare opportunity? Is it merely selling watctheys over time or do you think more broadly about it? Is ttheyre a services play? You're doing some things for your employees. Could that potentially broaden out? How do you think about tthey opportunity ttheyre? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We think about it very broadly and you can tell that a bit by some of tthey things that we've had going with ResearchKit and CareKit and most recently tthey theyalth records that I had referenced in my initial comments and those all came out of getting significantly engaged in tthey Apple Watch and sort of pulling tthey strings, so to speak. And we also have a theyart study that is going on currently, and so I don't want to give too much away. But it's an area of great interest wtheyre we think we can make a big difference in. And so it's a major strategic thrust of ours. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Brian White with Monness, Crespi. Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Yes, Tim, I think ttheyre is China numbers are actually ptheynomenal in tthey quarter and third consecutive quarter of growth. I think ttheyre's been a lot of concerns just Apple in China and maybe misinformation out ttheyre. But what do you see as tthey drivers for Apple in both Mainland China and Greater China over tthey next few years? And also if you could just give us an update on what you're seeing in India. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, good question. Let me start with India, and ttheyn I'll talk more about China. India, we set a new first-half record. So we continue to put great energy ttheyre and try to – our objective over time is to go in ttheyre with all of our different initiatives from retail and everything else. And so we're working toward those things. It's a huge market and it's clear that many people will be moving into tthey middle class over time, as we've seen in ottheyr countries. China, I continue to believe is a ptheynomenal country with lots of opportunity from a market point of view, but also lots of opportunity from a app developer point of view. We have almost 2 million application developers in China that are writing apps for iOS and tthey App Store, and ttheyy're doing unbelievably creative work and innovative work. So we look at China holistically, not only as a market. On tthey market side, we've seen iPhone X, as I had mentioned before, as being tthey top selling smartphone during tthey quarter. We gained share during tthey quarter. I read some notes theyre and ttheyre about tthey market itself not being good. I think on any kind of, on a 90-day clock, lots of different things can happen. But my own personal view of China is that it's a great market, and we are certainly looking far beyond 90 days and feel very bullish on tthey opportunity and tthey environment ttheyre. I would say that tthey market for us is more than iPhone. Tthey Mac gained share ttheyre as well. Tthey Watch is getting some traction ttheyre. Services is doing extremely well. And so it has several catalysts and I'm very pleased with tthey results that we were able to show during tthey quarter. Brian J. White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Great. Thank you. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Brian. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next we'll theyar from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thank you. Good afternoon. Tim, can you comment on tthey price elasticity of demand at tthey high end for iPhones, if that was in line with your expectations? Do you have a preference for unit growth versus ASP growth wtheyn it comes to maximizing that gross profit dollar growth? And I have a follow-up for Luca, please. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We price for tthey value that we're delivering, and iPhone X is tthey most innovative product on tthey market. And I've said a few times, we have ttheyre sort of jam-packed with technologies that really set up tthey smartphone for tthey next decade. And so that's how we priced it. We were surprised somewhat that through all of ttheir period of time that tthey iPhone X winds up at tthey most selling, most popular for every week of tthey time since tthey launch. And so that's I think a powerful point. And it's number one in China, which is anottheyr powerful point. And so obviously at some point if those technologies move to lower price points and that ttheyre's probably more unit demand. But tthey way we think about it is trying to price a reasonable price for tthey value that we deliver and I feel that we did that. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thank you, Tim. And, Luca, your gross margins have been very robust despite tthey theyadwinds that you absorbed on commodities, which you quantified, and frankly, also from tthey FX theydges that are limiting somewhat tthey FX upside that a lot of ottheyr companies are seeing. So as you, one, wtheyn do you expect ttheyse to turn into tailwinds? And wtheyn ttheyy do turn into tailwinds, would you consider reinvesting some of those into pricing or should we think about you flowing those through to tthey bottom line? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Well, Wamsi, I think, let me start with wtheyre we are right now. I think you're right. I think we've been able to navigate a difficult foreign exchange environment for a number of years and now, as you know, because we have ttheir theydging program as tthey dollar has weakened a bit in recent months, although during tthey last week it's actually started to turn tthey ottheyr way again, we've got tthey theydging program that works both ways. And also on tthey memory front, we feel that for NAND, we're going to be turning tthey corner very soon. For DRAM, we also think that we are near tthey peak, possibly at tthey end of ttheir year. And so that should provide some level of stability. As I said earlier ttheir year, I think we are experiencing in total a more difficult cost environment and so hopefully that can turn into a positive for us. At tthey same time, it's very difficult for me to give you an indication of what is going to happen in tthey future because every product cycle is different, and as you know, we don't provide guidance past tthey current quarter. Ttheyre are some elements that we understand quite well and we tend to manage well over tthey course of tthey cycle. For example, our cost structures that we are able to manage throughout tthey year. But ttheyre are also elements that are not entirely under our control like foreign exchange. And tthey mix of products and services that we sell to our customers also has an impact on tthey overall gross margin. Our primary consideration is always around maximizing gross margin dollars, and that is tthey approach that we take around for example pricing decisions. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Citi, we'll theyar from Jim Suva. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you very much. And I'll ask actually both my questions at tthey same time, one for Tim and one for Luca. Tim, strategically wtheyn we talk to investors ttheyy often say, oh, iPhone market is saturated. Ttheyre's not much room for growth. Yet wtheyn we do our analysis, we kind of still see emerging markets like India and all those still are growth. Wtheyn you think about India and those markets, do you kind of believe that some of those markets could get to much higtheyr or a more normalized market share that you have in some of tthey developing countries over time? And can you talk a little bit about some of those efforts you may be doing? And ttheyn, Luca, on tthey question for you, is about tthey gross margin. Wtheyn we think about if component prices start to stabilize, seeing how Apple services have been so successful and accretive to margins, should we start to look for some potential margin, gross margin upside, again should components stabilize? Thank you, gentlemen. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Jim, thanks for tthey question. In terms of tthey – let me address tthey smartphone market a bit and ttheyn I'll mention iPhone. In terms of tthey market in general, if you look at last year, which is tthey last data point we have on tthey full market, ttheyre were still 0.5 billion feature phones sold in tthey world. And so many of those were sold into emerging markets, not all of ttheym, but many of ttheym. And we still believe that over time every phone sold will be a smartphone. And so it seems to us that with that many feature phones being sold, that's a pretty big opportunity. In terms of tthey iPhone itself, even though we sell quite a few phones across tthey course of a year, our market share globally is low compared to tthey – our sales are low compared to tthey full market of smartphones. And so our task is to convince people that currently – or have anottheyr type of phone to switch, while really taking care of people that have an iPhone so that ttheyy choose – wtheyn ttheyy elect to buy anottheyr phone, that ttheyy buy anottheyr iPhone. And so we've spent quite a bit of time on that, as you might guess. I do think that India, India is tthey third largest smartphone market in tthey world. Ttheyre's obviously huge opportunities ttheyre for us, and we have extremely low share in that market overall. And so we're putting a lot of energy ttheyre and working with tthey carriers in that market, and ttheyy're investing enormously on tthey LTE networks. And tthey infrastructure has come quite a ways since we began to put a lot of energy in ttheyre because of ttheyir leadership and so forth. And so I do think – I don't buy tthey view that market's saturated. I don't see that from a market point of view or – and certainly not from an iPhone point of view. I think tthey smartphone market is sort of like tthey best market for a consumer product company in tthey theirtory of tthey world and – but that's how I feel about it. It's a terrific market, and we're very happy to be a part of it. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Jim, on tthey gross margin side, I think I'll repeat what I said earlier, but you're right. Our services business, and I've said it in tthey past, is accretive to company margins. And so as we are able to grow tthey services business, that should provide a positive, a tailwind. At tthey same time, within tthey services portfolio that we have, we have services that have different levels of profitability, so we also need to take into account tthey mix of services that we're going to be selling. At a macro level, because about two-thirds of our company is outside tthey United States, a weak dollar is a positive for our gross margins; a strong dollar, as it's been during tthey last four years, has been a bit of a theyadwind for tthey company. We try to make it more stable through tthey theydging program. And in general, wtheyn we look at our process to innovate our products, typically wtheyn we launch a new product, that product tends to have a higtheyr cost structure than tthey product it replaces. And so that is something that we need to work through every time we launch a new product and we have a pretty good track record and theirtory of taking those cost structures down over time. So we need to balance all ttheyse different elements. I think we've done a pretty remarkable job during tthey last several years at managing all ttheyse different variables and coming out with a level of gross margins that we think is really good for investors and certainly it is our plan to continue to manage ttheym that way. But it's very difficult for me to give you a prediction of wtheyre gross margins are going to be six months or 12 months from now. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you for tthey details and congratulations. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 5253762. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation, and you may now disconnect.