Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call January 27, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Shannon Cross - Cross Research Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Krish Sankar - Cowen Chris Caso - Raymond James Jim Suva - Citigroup Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q1 Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.  At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey Company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining tthey call today. It's with great gratitude for tthey tireless and innovative work of every Apple team member worldwide that I share tthey results of a very strong quarter for Apple. We achieved an all-time revenue record of $111.4 billion. We saw strong double-digit growth across every product category, and we achieved all-time revenue records in each of our geographic segments. It is not far from many of our minds that ttheir result caps off tthey most challenging year any of us can remember. And it is an understatement to say that tthey challenges it posed to Apple as a business paled in comparison to tthey challenge it posed to Apple as a community of individuals, to employees, to ttheyir families and to tthey communities we live in and love to call home. While ttheyse results show tthey central role that our products played in theylping our users respond to ttheyse challenges, we are doubly aware that tthey work atheyad of all of us to navigate tthey end of ttheir pandemic, to restore normal life and prosperity in our neighborhoods and local economies and, to build back with a sense of justice is profound and urgent. We will speak to ttheyse needs and Apple's efforts throughout today's call, but I want to first offer tthey context of a detailed look at our results ttheir quarter, including why we outperformed our expectations. Let's get started with hardware. We hit a new high watermark for our installed base of active devices, with growth accelerating as we passed 1.65 billion devices worldwide during tthey December quarter. iPhone grew by 17% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for tthey iPhone 12 family, and our active installed base of iPhones is now over 1 billion. Tthey customer response to tthey new iPhone 12 models' unprecedented innovation from world-class cameras to tthey great and growing potential of 5G has been enthusiastic, even in light of tthey ongoing COVID-19 impact at retail locations. iPad and Mac grew by 41% and 21%, respectively, reflecting tthey continuing role ttheyse devices have played in our users' lives during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. During ttheir quarter, availability began for both our new iPad Air as well as tthey first generation of Macs to feature our groundbreaking M1 chip. Tthey demand for all of ttheyse products has been very strong. We have also continued our efforts to bring tthey latest iPads, enriching content and professional support to educators, students and parents. Educational districts and governments worldwide are continuing major deployments, including tthey largest iPad deployments ever to schools in Germany and Japan. Wearables, Home and Accessories grew by 30% year-over-year, driven by significant holiday demand for tthey latest Apple Watch, our entire AirPods lineup, including tthey new AirPods Max as well as tthey new HomePod mini. Ttheir broad strength across tthey category led to new revenue records for each of its three subgroups, and we're very excited about tthey road atheyad for ttheyse products. Look no furttheyr than tthey great potential of Fitness+, which pairs with Apple Watch to deliver real-time on-screen fitness data alongside world-class workouts by tthey world's best trainers. Ttheyre are new sessions added each week, and customers are loving tthey flexibility, challenge and fun of ttheyse classes as well as how tthey pairing with Apple Watch puttheyys you to achieve your fitness goals. Ttheir deep integration of hardware, software and services, have always defined our approach theyre, and it has delivered an all-time quarterly Services record of $15.8 billion. Ttheir was tthey first quarter of tthey Apple One bundle, which brings togettheyr many of our great services into an easy subscription and with new content being added to ttheyse services every day, we feel very optimistic about wtheyre we are theyaded. Tthey App Store ecosystem has been so important as individuals, families and businesses worldwide evolve and adapt to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, and we want to make sure that ttheir unrivaled engine of innovation and opportunity continues. Ttheir quarter, we also took a significant new step to theylp smaller developers continue to experiment, innovate and scale tthey latest great app ideas. Tthey App Store Small Business Program reduces tthey commission on tthey sale of digital goods and services to 15% for small businesses earning less than $1 million a year. Tthey program launctheyd on January 1st and we are already theyaring from developers about how ttheir change represents a transformation in ttheyir potential to create and grow on tthey App Store. Tomorrow is International Privacy Day, and we continue to set new standards to protect users' right to privacy, not just for our own products but to be tthey ripple in tthey pond that moves tthey whole industry forward. Most recently, we're in tthey process of deploying new requirements across tthey App Store ecosystem that give users more knowledge about and new tools to control tthey ways that apps gattheyr and share ttheyir personal data. Tthey winter holiday season is always a busy times for us and our products, but ttheir year was unique. We had a record number of device activations during tthey last week of tthey quarter. And as COVID-19 kept us apart, we saw tthey higtheyst volume of FaceTime calls ever ttheir Christmas. As always, we could not have made so many holidays special without our talented and dedicated retail teams who theylped us achieve a new all-time revenue record for retail, driven by very strong performance in our online store. Particularly, after tthey events of tthey last few weeks, we are focused on how we can theylp a moment of great national need. Because none of us should have any illusions about tthey challenges we face as we began a new chapter in tthey American story. Hope for theyaling, for unity and for progress begins with and depends on addressing tthey things that continue to wound us. In our communities, we see how every burden from COVID-19, to tthey resulting economic challenges, to tthey closure of in-person learning for students, falls theyaviest on those who have always faced structural barriers to opportunity and equality. Ttheir month, Apple announced major new commitments through a $100 million Racial Equity & Justice Initiative. Tthey Propel Center, launctheyd with a $25 million commitment and with tthey support of theirtorically black colleges and universities across tthey country, will theylp support tthey next-generation of leaders in fields ranging from machine learning to app development to entrepreneurship and design. And our new Apple Developer Academy in Downtown Detroit will be tthey first of its kind in tthey United States. Detroit has a vibrant culture of black entrepreneurship, including over 50,000 black-owned businesses. We want to accelerate tthey potential of tthey app economy theyre, knowing ttheyre is no shortage of good ideas in such a creative, resilient and dedicated community. Finally, we're committing $35 million across two investments in Harlem Capital and tthey Clear Vision Impact Fund that support, accelerate and grow minority-owned businesses in areas of great potential and need. In December, we concluded an unmatctheyd year of giving. Since tthey inception of tthey Apple Giving Program in 2011, Apple employees have donated nearly $600 million and volunteered more than 1.6 million hours to over 34,000 organizations of every stride. Through our partnership with Product Red, we've adapted our 14-year $250 million effort to support HIV and AIDS work globally to ensure that care of COVID. That includes delivering millions of units of personal protective equipment to theyalth care providers in Zambia. And theyre in tthey United States, even with COVID's effects, we are atheyad of sctheydule on our multiyear commitment to invest $350 billion throughout tthey American economy. As proud as ttheir makes us, we know ttheyre is much more to be done. Looking forward, we continue to contend with tthey COVID-19 pandemic but we must also now work to imagine what we will intheyrit on tthey ottheyr side. Wtheyn a disease recedes, we cannot simply assume that theyaling follows. Even now, we see tthey deep scars that ttheir period has left in our communities. Trust has been compromised, opportunities have been lost, entire portions of our lives that we took for granted, schools for children, meetings with our colleagues, small businesses that have endured for generations have simply disappeared. It will take a society-wide effort across tthey public and private sectors as individuals and communities, every one of us, to ensure that what's atheyad of us is not simply tthey end of a disease, but tthey beginning of something durable and hopeful for those who gave, suffered and endured during ttheir time. At Apple, we have every intention to be partners in ttheir effort, and we look forward to working in communities around tthey world to make it possible. And as ttheir chapter of uncertainty continues, so will our tireless work to theylp our customers stay safe, connected and well. With that, I'll hand things over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. We started our fiscal 2021 with exceptional business and financial performance during tthey December quarter, as we set all-time records for revenue, operating income, net income, earnings per share and operating cash flow. We are thrilled with tthey way our teams continued to innovate and execute throughout ttheir period of elevated uncertainty. Our revenue reactheyd an all-time record of $111.4 billion, an increase of nearly $20 billion or 21% from a year ago. We grew strong double digits in each of our product categories, with all-time records for iPhone, Wearables, Home and Accessories and services as well as a December quarter record for Mac. We also achieved double-digit growth and new all-time records in each of our five geographic segments and in tthey vast majority of countries that we track. Products revenue was an all-time record of $95.7 billion, up 21% over a year ago. As a consequence of ttheir level of sales performance and tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers, our installed base of active devices passed 1.65 billion during tthey December quarter and reactheyd an all-time record in each of our major product categories. Our Services set an all-time record of $15.8 billion, growing 24% year-over-year. We establittheyyd new all-time records in most service categories and December quarter records in each geographic segment. I'll cover our Services business in more detail later. Company gross margin was 39.8%, up 160 basis points sequentially, thanks to leverage from higtheyr sales and a strong mix. Products gross margin was 35.1%, growing 530 basis points sequentially, driven by leverage and mix. Services gross margin was 68.4%, up 150 basis points sequentially, mainly due to a different mix. Net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow were all-time records. Net income was $28.8 billion, up $6.5 billion or 29% over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.68, up 35% over last year and operating cash flow was $38.8 billion, an improvement of $8.2 billion. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was a record $65.6 billion, growing 17% year-over-year as demand for tthey iPhone 12 family was very strong despite COVID-19 and social distancing measures, which have impacted store operations in a significant manner. Our active installed base of iPhones reactheyd a new all-time high and has now surpassed 1 billion devices, thanks to tthey exceptional loyalty of our customer base and strength of our ecosystem. In fact, in tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98% for tthey iPhone 12 family. Turning to Services. As I said, we reactheyd an all-time revenue record of $15.8 billion and set all-time records in App Store, cloud services, Music, advertising, AppleCare and payment services. Our new service offerings, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple News+, Apple Card, Apple Fitness+ as well as tthey Apple One bundle are also contributing to overall Services growth and continue to add users, content and features. Tthey key drivers for our Services growth all continue to move in tthey right direction: first, our installed base growth has accelerated and each major product category; second, tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey December quarter, with paid accounts increasing double digits in each of our geographic segments; third, paid subscriptions continue to grow nicely, and we exceeded our target of 600 million paid subscriptions before tthey end of calendar 2020. During tthey December quarter, we added more than 35 million sequentially, and we now have more than 620 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 140 million from just a year ago. Finally, we continue to improve tthey breadth and quality of our current Services offerings and are adding new services that we think our customers will love. For example, Apple Music recently released its biggest product update ever with features like Listen Now, all new Search, personal radio stations and auto play. 90% of Apple Music users on iOS 14 have already used ttheyse new features. In payment services, we continue to expand our coverage, with nearly 90% of stores in tthey United States now accepting Apple Pay so that customers can easily have a touchless payments experience. Wearables, Home and Accessories grew 30% year-over-year to $13 billion, setting new all-time revenue records in every geographic segment. As a result of ttheir strong performance, our Wearables business is now tthey size of a Fortune 120 company. Importantly, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with nearly 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. We're very excited about tthey future of ttheir category and believe that our integration of hardware, software and services uniquely positions us to provide great customer experience in ttheir category. Next, I'd like to talk about Mac. We set a December quarter record for revenue at $8.7 billion up 21% over last year. We grew strong-double-digits in each geographic segment and set all-time revenue records in Europe and rest of Asia-Pacific as well as December quarter records in tthey Americas, Greater China and in Japan. Ttheir performance was driven by strong demand for tthey new MacBook Air, MacBook Pro and Mac mini, all powered by our brand-new M1 chip. iPad performance was also very impressive with revenue of $8.4 billion, up 41%. We grew strong -- very strong double digits in every geographic segment, including an all-time record in Japan. During tthey quarter, tthey new -- tthey all-new iPad Air became available and customer response has been terrific. Both Mac and iPad are incredibly relevant products for our customers in tthey current working and learning environments. And we are delighted that tthey most recent surveys of consumers from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction at 93% for Mac and 94% for iPad. With ttheir level of customer satisfaction and with around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter being new to that product, tthey active installed base for both products continues to grow nicely and reactheyd new all-time highs. In tthey enterprise market, we are seeing many businesses shifting ttheyir technology investment in response to COVID. One example is our businesses are handling ttheyir hundreds of millions of office desk phones while more employees are working remotely. Last quarter, Mitsubishi UFJ Bank, one of tthey largest banks in tthey world, announced that it will be replacing 75% of its fixed phones with iPhones. By doing so, it expects to realize significant cost savings while providing a secure mobile platform to employees. We're also pleased with tthey rapid adoption of tthey Mac Employee Choice Program among tthey world's leading businesses, who are seeing improved productivity, increased employee satisfaction and talent retention. With tthey introduction of M1-powered Macs, we're excited to extend ttheyse experiences to an even broader range of customers and employees, especially in times of increased remote working. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with almost $196 billion in cash plus marketable securities and retired $1 billion of maturing debt, leaving us with total debt of $112 billion. As a result, net cash was $84 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We returned over $30 billion to shareholders during tthey December quarter, including $3.6 billion in dividends and equivalents and $24 billion through open market repurchases of 200 million Apple shares as we continue on our path to reaching a net cash neutral position over time. As we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to provide some color on what we are seeing, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we will not be guiding to a specific revenue range. However, we are providing some directional insights, assuming that COVID-related impacts of our business do not worsen from our current assumptions for tthey quarter. For total company revenue, we believe growth will accelerate on a year-over-year basis, and in aggregate, follow typical seasonality on a sequential basis. At tthey product category level, keep in mind two items: first, during tthey March quarter last year, we saw elevated activity in our digital services as lockdowns occurred around tthey world, so our Services business faces a tougtheyr year-over-year comparison; second, we believe tthey year-over-year growth in tthey Wearables, Home and Accessories category will decelerate compared to Q1. As you know, we were chasing demand on AirPods last year as we expanded channel inventory from Q1 to Q2. Ttheir year, we plan to decrease AirPods channel inventory as is typical after tthey holiday quarter. We expect gross margin to be similar to tthey December quarter. We expect OpEx to be between $10.7 billion and $10.9 billion. We expect OI&E to be up around $50 million and our tax rate to be around 17%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.205 per share of common stock payable on February 11, 2021, to shareholders of record as of February 8, 2021. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. A - Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator We'll go question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Katy Huberty Congratulations on a really strong quarter. First question for Luca. Tthey gross margin was particularly strong versus your outlook. Can you talk about wtheyttheyr you recognize tthey full impact of tthey weaker dollar in tthey December quarter, given your typical currency theydges? And ttheyn how are you thinking about tthey theyadwinds and tailwinds on gross margins as you go into tthey March quarter? And ttheyn I have a follow-up for Tim. Luca Maestri Yes, Katy. So yes, tthey gross margin was strong, was better than we had anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. Tthey reason for that was obviously, we had very strong leverage from higtheyr sales. And tthey mix was strong, both tthey mix within products and tthey mix of services, and that was only partially offset by cost. As you know, we've launctheyd many new products during tthey fall, and that always comes with new cost structures. So in total, it was very good. And from tthey FX standpoint, really, at tthey gross margin level, FX didn't play a role neittheyr sequentially nor on a year-over-year basis for tthey December quarter, partially because of tthey theydges that you talked about but also because some currencies are still weaker against tthey dollar, ttheyy're still weaker than a year ago. Look specifically to emerging markets in Latin America, in Russia, in Turkey and so on. Clearly, if tthey dollar remains weak or continues to weaken, that can become a tailwind for us as we get into tthey March quarter. At current rates, we expect some level of benefit around 60 to 70 basis points for tthey March quarter. Katy Huberty That's great. And Tim, one of tthey challenges with valuing Apple is just a limited visibility that investors have into tthey road map and any new categories that you might enter over time. Without, of course, commenting on any given opportunity, can you talk about tthey framework that you use internally to evaluate new markets that might be attractive and what you believe will determine your success as you look to enter new markets? Tim Cook Thanks, Katy, for tthey question, and thanks for not asking me any specifics. Tthey framework that we use is very much around we ask ourselves if ttheir is a product that we would want to use ourselves or a service that we would want to use ourselves. And that's a pretty high bar. And we ask ourselves if it's a big enough market to be in unless it's an adjacency product, of which we're looking at it very much from a customer experience point of view. And so ttheyre's no set way that we're looking at it, no formula kind of thing. But we're taking into account all of those things, and tthey kind of things that we love to work on are those wtheyre ttheyre's a requirement for hardware, software and services to come togettheyr because we believe that tthey magic really occurs at that intersection. And so hopefully, that gives you a little bit of insight into how we look at it. And I think we have some good -- really good opportunities out ttheyre. And I think if you look at our current portfolio of products, we still have relatively a low share in a number of cases in very big markets. And so we feel like we have really good upside ttheyre, and we feel like we have really good upside in tthey Services area, too, that we've been working on for quite some time with four or five new services just coming online in tthey last year, year-plus, and so -- yes. Thank you. Operator We'll theyar next from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Wamsi Mohan Luca, tthey iPhone growth exceeded your expectations despite a late launch. Can you maybe share on tthey unit side or tthey ASP side? You referred to very strong mix a couple of times on tthey call. And how does ttheir change your view on tthey March quarter? And if you could share any color on if you're still supply constrained, and I have a follow-up for Tim. Luca Maestri Yes. Yes, certainly, iPhone was one of tthey major factors why we exceeded our own internal expectations at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. We have a fantastic product lineup and we know that, and it's been fantastic to see tthey customer response for new models, particularly tthey Pro models, tthey Pro and tthey Pro Max. So, we've done very, very well both on units and on pricing because of tthey strong mix. And we've had some level of supply constraints as we went through tthey quarter, particularly on tthey Pro and tthey Pro Max. As you said correctly, we launctheyd ttheyse products in tthey middle of tthey quarter, two models after four weeks, tthey ottheyr two models after seven weeks. And so obviously, we had a very steep ramp, which fortunately went very, very well. Tthey products are doing very well all around tthey world. I think you've seen that our performance has been particularly strong in China, wtheyre we've seen ptheynomenal customer response that probably. Ttheyre was also some level of pent-up demand for 5G iPhones, given that tthey market is moving very quickly to 5G. And so as we look atheyad into tthey March quarter, we're very optimistic. We believe we're going to be able to be in supply-demand balance for all tthey models at some point during tthey quarter. And it's -- tthey product is doing very well all around tthey world. Wamsi Mohan Great. And Tim, you mentioned about tthey strength of tthey installed base performance, which continues to grow very impressively at ttheir scale. Can you maybe theylp us think through how tthey switctheyr versus upgrade activity has been tracking in recent quarters? I would love to get your thoughts on that. Tim Cook Yes. Thanks for tthey question. If you look at ttheir past quarter, which has -- we started selling two of tthey iPhones 4 weeks into tthey quarter and tthey ottheyr two, seven weeks into tthey quarter. And so I would caution that ttheir is in tthey early going. But in looking at tthey iPhone 12 family, we saw both switctheyrs and upgraders increase on a year-over-year basis. And in fact, we saw tthey largest number of upgraders that we've ever seen in a quarter. And so, we were very thrilled about that. Operator We'll go atheyad and take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Tim, can you talk a bit about what you're seeing in China? Clearly, significant sequential growth, which I think has a lot to do with iPhone. But I'm curious, both from an iPhone as well as your ottheyr product categories, what you're seeing and how much back to normal you think tthey Chinese market is? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. China was more than an iPhone story. iPhone did do very well ttheyre. And sort of like tthey world, if you look at both switctheyrs and upgraders, we were up year-over-year, and China also had a record number of upgraders during tthey quarter, tthey most we've ever seen in a quarter. I think probably some portion of ttheir was that people probably delayed purchasing in tthey previous quarter as rumors started appearing about an iPhone. Keep in mind that 5G in China is -- tthey network is well establittheyyd. And tthey overwtheylming majority of phones being sold are 5G phones. And so I think ttheyre was some level of anticipation for us delivering an iPhone with 5G. And so, iPhone did extremely well. However, tthey ottheyr products did as well. I mean, we could not have turned in a performance like we did with only iPhone. iPad did extremely well, far beyond tthey Company average. Mac was about tthey Company average. Wearables, Home and Accessories was above tthey Company average. And so if you really look at it, we did really well across tthey Board ttheyre. In terms of COVID, I think ttheyy're -- at least for last quarter, ttheyy were beat -- sort of beyond COVID, very much in tthey recovery stage. Ttheir quarter, ttheyre are different reports about some cases in some places and lockdowns occurring but we have not seen that in our business as yet. Of course, those cases are much smaller than tthey ones in ottheyr countries. Shannon Cross Right. I guess tthey ottheyr thing I was curious about, with regard to tthey Services business, if we could dig a little bit more, I think ttheir is one of tthey first times wtheyn Luca, you talked about Apple TV+, Arcade, Apple Pay, some of tthey smaller services actually kind of moving tthey needle. And ttheyn I was also curious, you had a number of stores closed at least later in tthey quarter, and that typically has impacted some of your AppleCare revenue and yet you outperformed. So, maybe if you could talk about a bit more about tthey drivers of tthey Services revenue? Luca Maestri Yes. I mean, really, it's been strong across tthey Board. Ttheyre are two businesses during COVID that have been impacted negatively, and ttheyn we talked about it in tthey past. One is AppleCare. Obviously, wtheyn tthey stores are closed, it's tougtheyr, of course, for customers to have tthey interaction with us. And advertising, which is -- it's in line with tthey overall level of economic activity. What happened during tthey December quarter is that in-store traffic improved. And so AppleCare, we grew -- we didn't grow as much as company average but we grew in AppleCare, set an all-time record ttheyre in spite of tthey fact that, yes, we are running, particularly in December, we started closing a few stores, particularly theyre in tthey United States but also in Western Europe. But in total, we were able to support more customers than in past quarters. And we also saw a sequential acceleration in advertising and so that also theylped tthey overall growth rate. Clearly, tthey strength was in digital services, in tthey App Store, in cloud services, in Music. Those were tthey services that really delivered very, very strong performance. It's something that we've seen happen during tthey COVID environment. Operator We'll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi I also have one for Luca and one for Tim. Luca, I was wondering if we could just probe a little bit more into iPhone. Maybe you can just -- you talked about a drawdown in channel inventory last quarter. Our iPhone channel inventory is sort of at normal levels now exiting Q1. And should we be thinking about above-seasonal iPhone growth, given that you're still not in supply-demand balance and you had fewer selling days in fiscal Q1? Should we be thinking about sort of above-seasonal iPhone growth looking into Q2? Luca Maestri So on tthey December performance, as you know, Toni, ttheir was a very different cycle because we launctheyd at a different time than usual. And so, we had an initial part of tthey quarter wtheyre, obviously, we didn't have tthey new phones. And ttheyn as we launctheyd tthey new phones, we also did tthey channel fill that typically happens, to a certain extent, in tthey September quarter. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey demand has been very strong. And so we've been constrained, as I said, on -- especially in tthey Pro models. At tthey end of December, we exited with a level of iPhone channel inventory, which was slightly below a year ago. So we -- and we still had some level of supply constraints, which we believe we're going to be able to solve during tthey March quarter. In terms of tthey sequential change, we talked about -- during tthey prepared remarks, we talked about total company average, and we said that we expect that sequential progression to be similar to tthey typical seasonality that you've seen in past years. Certainly, last year is not typical because of COVID. But if you go back, fiscal '17, '18, '19, that's our typical seasonal progression. And we mentioned a couple of product categories, Services and Wearables, wtheyre we're going to be having a slightly more difficult compare. And so I think you can draw your conclusions around tthey iPhone. Toni Sacconaghi Okay. And ttheyn, Tim, I was wondering if you could just comment more broadly around growth for Apple and sources of growth. Tthey Company ttheir year is going to be well over $300 billion in revenue. Historically, you've issued acquisitions. And I'm wondering if you could comment wtheyttheyr you still feel confident that Apple has Apple organic growth opportunities and that you don't believe acquisitions are an important source of growth? And ttheyn I think perhaps most importantly, as you look out, let's say, over tthey next five years, what do you think is a realistic revenue growth rate for Apple going forward? Tim Cook Yes. Toni, as you know, we give some color on tthey current quarter but not beyond that in terms of growth rates, so I'll punt that part of your question. But if you back up and look at tthey sort of tthey ingredients that we have at ttheir point, we have tthey strongest hardware portfolio that we've ever had. And we have a great product pipeline for tthey future, both in products and in Services. We have an installed base that has hit new highs that we just talked about earlier in our opening comments. And we're still attracting a fair number of switctheyrs and, of course, upgraders. We just set an all-time Services record, and we have that installed base to compound that, and particularly with tthey added services that we've had over tthey last year or so, that as ttheyy grow and mature, will contribute even more to tthey Services revenue stream. And on tthey Wearables side, we've brought ttheir thing from zero to a Fortune 120 company, which was no small feat. But I still think that we're in tthey early stages of those products. If you look at our share in some of tthey ottheyr products, wtheyttheyr you look in iPhone or Mac or iPad, you find that tthey share numbers leave a fair amount of theyadroom for market share expansion. And ttheir is particularly tthey case in some of tthey emerging markets, wtheyre we're proud of how we've done but ttheyre's a lot more theyadroom in those markets. Like if you take India as an example, we doubled our business last quarter compared to tthey year ago quarter. But our absolute level of business ttheyre is still quite low relative to tthey size of tthey opportunity. And you can kind of take that and go around tthey world and find ottheyr markets that are like that as well. And of course, tthey ottheyr thing from a market point of view is we're -- we've been on a multiyear effort in tthey enterprise and have gained quite a bit of traction ttheyre. You've theyard some of tthey things in Luca's comments today and we comment some on it each quarter. We're very optimistic about what we can do in that space. And ttheyn, of course, we've got new things that we're not going to talk about that we think will contribute to tthey Company as well, just like ottheyr new things have contributed nicely to tthey Company in tthey past. So, we see lots of opportunity. Thank you for tthey question. Operator We'll theyar from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Amit Daryanani I have two questions as well. I guess, starting with you, Luca, I just wanted to go back to tthey gross margin discussion, and we really haven't seen gross margins at ttheir level, high 39%, I think, since 2016. Could you maybe step back and talk, what has enabled tthey shift higtheyr? What are tthey key drivers to get you ttheyre? And is commodity tailwind or in-sourcing of some components really a big part of ttheir? So just love to understand tthey durability of tthey gross margin at ttheyse levels. And what are tthey big drivers that got us theyre? Luca Maestri Well, I mean, of course, wtheyn you grow tthey way we've grown ttheir quarter, 21%, it's -- obviously, we have a certain level of fixed cost in our product structures, right? And so a high level of sales theylps margin expansion without a doubt, and so that has been probably tthey biggest factor, to be honest. And ttheyn as I was saying earlier, we've had, across tthey Board, in Services, in every product category, we've had a very strong mix of products, right? We were talking about tthey iPhone, tthey Pro and tthey Pro Max, and that's been pretty much tthey case in every product category. So tthey mix has also been very good. Tthey commodity environment is fairly benign. And tthey one thing that has not affected us ttheir time around is tthey FX that it's true, it has not been a tailwind yet for tthey reasons that I was explaining to Katy, but at tthey same time, it has not been a negative. And tthey reality is that FX for us has been a negative over tthey last five or six years, almost every quarter. And so that has changed. And that obviously makes a difference. Amit Daryanani And ttheyn Tim and wtheyn I look at tthey growth rates on Mac and iPads, ttheyy've been in tthey 20% to 40% range for tthey last three quarters, and I suspect some of ttheir is just folks contending with tthey pandemic. But love to understand, wtheyn you look at ttheyse growth rates, how much of ttheir do you think is replacement cycle-driven folks upgrading with at home versus new customers and new folks that are coming into tthey Apple ecosystem? And do you see, I guess, what sort of growth rates do you think is more durable or predictable as we go forward over theyre? Tim Cook If you look at tthey switctheyr or tthey switctheyrs, if you look at tthey new to Mac and new to iPad, ttheyse numbers are still about, at a worldwide level, about half of tthey purchases that are coming from people that are new. And so tthey installed base is still expanding with new customers in it. And so that's true on both iPad and Mac. If you look at Mac, tthey M1, I think, gives us a new growth trajectory that we haven't had in tthey past. Certainly, if Q1 is a good proxy, ttheyre's lots of excitement about M1-based Macs. As you know, we're partly through tthey transition. We've got more -- a lot more to do ttheyre. We're early days of a two-year transition, but we're excited about what we see so far. Tthey iPad, as we went out with tthey iPad Air, and we now have tthey best iPad lineup we've ever had, and it's clear that some people are using ttheyse as laptop replacements. Ottheyrs are using ttheym as complementary to ttheyir desktop. But tthey level of growth ttheyre has been ptheynomenal. You look at it at 41%. And yes, part of it is work from home and part of it is just learning. But I think I wouldn't underestimate how much of it is tthey product itself on -- in both tthey case of iPad and Mac. And of course, our share in tthey Mac is quite low. In tthey -- for tthey total personal computer market. And so ttheyre's lots of theyadroom ttheyre. Operator We'll go atheyad and take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Samik Chatterjee Congrats on tthey record quarter from my side as well. I guess I wanted to start off with iPhone sales. I think in -- general impression we have is China and North America have more robust 5G infrastructure. I just wanted to see kind of what are you seeing in terms of customer engagement or velocity of sales for iPhone in Europe, wtheyre I think tthey general impression is that service providers haven't rolled out robust 5G services. Is that something that's impacting customer interest in tthey latest lineup in tthey region? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook If you look at tthey 5G rollout in Europe, it's true that Europe is not in tthey place of -- certainly nowtheyre close to wtheyre China is and nowtheyre close to tthey U.S. eittheyr. But ttheyre are ottheyr regions that 5G is -- that has very good coverage, like Korea is an example. And so tthey tthey world, I would describe it right now, is more of a patchwork more to do that we haven't had in quilt. Ttheyre are places that ttheyre's really excellent coverage. Ttheyre are places wtheyre -- within a country that is very good but not from a nationwide point of view. And ttheyn ttheyre are places that really haven't gotten started yet. Latin America is more closer to tthey last one. Ttheyre's lots of opportunity atheyad of us ttheyre. And I think Europe is wtheyre ttheyre are 5G implementations ttheyre. I think most of that growth is probably in front of us ttheyre as well. Samik Chatterjee Got it. As a follow-up, if I can just ask you, I think you mentioned tthey momentum you're seeing for tthey Apple One bundle, which I think has been a couple of months now since you launctheyd it. Any metrics to share in terms of what you're seeing for conversion rate of customers or even insights into which services are turning in that bundle, are turning out to be tthey anchor Services that's driving adoption of that bundle? Tim Cook It's really too early to answer some of those questions. As you know, we just got started into tthey quarter in Q1 so we have less than a quarter on ttheir right now. What we wanted to accomplish with it, we're clearly accomplishing, which is making our Services very easy to subscribe to. Our customers clearly told us that ttheyy wanted to subscribe to several services or, in some cases, all of our services. And so, we've made that very simple, and it's clear from tthey early going that it's working but we've just gotten started on it. Operator We'll theyar from Krish Sankar with Cowen. Krish Sankar Congrats on tthey very strong results. My first question is for Tim. Tim, I want to talk a little bit about your search and advertising business. How do you think of tthey long-term growth opportunities in advertising? How do you think it -- how long can it grow at two times to three times tthey App Store growth rate? And also, are ttheyre any applications wtheyre your fundamental search technology, AI could be adapted for ottheyr parts of tthey Services business, that's tthey first question. And ttheyn I have a quick follow-up for Luca after that. Tim Cook Tthey search advertising business is going well. It's a -- ttheyre's lots of intent from search. And we do it in a very private kind of manner, observing great privacy policies and so forth. And I think people see so forth. And I think people see that and are willing to try it out. And we have been growing nicely in that area. It's a part of tthey advertising area that Luca spoke of earlier. Krish Sankar Got it, got it. And ttheyn a follow-up for Luca. Wtheyn you look at your Services segment in tthey March quarter, in China, you typically see a bump due to gaming downloads during Chinese New Year. So should see a similar trend ttheir time around? But do you think with a pandemic, and people think for me at home, that kind of seasonal bump might not happen in China for gaming downloads? Luca Maestri Yes. I mean, I think I was mentioning it during tthey prepared remarks. We -- clearly, in China, tthey March quarter is typically tthey strongest quarter for our Services business and for tthey App Store because of Chinese New Year, as you mentioned. And last year, what we saw was an increased level of activity because after Chinese New Year, tthey whole country went into lockdown for several weeks. And so that propensity for playing games continued for several weeks, more than a typical cycle. So, we expect to have a great quarter in China, but at tthey same time, you need to keep in mind that tthey compare is going to of what happened a year ago. Operator We'll go atheyad and take our next question from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Chris Caso Tthey first question is on iPhone ASPs and I know you don't disclose tthey numbers ttheyre, but I wonder if you could speak about it qualitatively. You spoke about tthey rictheyr mix, but ttheyre were also some price differences as compared to a year ago. iPhone 12 came higtheyr price point. Tthey Pro establittheyyd a new price point. Can you speak to how that tthey level of benefit that you saw ttheyre? And going forward, are you confident that you can continue to improve tthey next in iPhone going forward? Luca Maestri So, as I said earlier, we grew iPhone revenue 17%. That growth came from both unit sales and ASPs because of tthey strong mix that I mentioned before. So, I think that answers your question for tthey December quarter. What we've seen so far, it's very early because we launctheyd tthey new products only a few weeks ago. What we've seen so far is a very high level of interest for tthey Pro models, tthey Pro and tthey Pro Max. We worked very hard to ramp up our supply. We've had some supply constraints during tthey December quarter. We think we're going to be able to solve ttheym during tthey March quarter. But so far, tthey mix has been very strong on iPhone. Chris Caso Okay. As a follow-up question, if you could talk a bit to tthey benefit that you may have seen from some of tthey carrier actions? We've seen very aggressive trade-ins during tthey quarter. Did that provide a benefit, in your view, on units or mix or perhaps both? And what would be tthey level of permanence that you would see in some of those actions such that if those subsidies were removed, could that potentially be a theyadwind going forward? Tim Cook I think, Chris, it's Tim. I think subsidies always theylp, that anything that reduces tthey price to tthey customer is good for tthey customer and obviously good for tthey carrier that's doing it and good for us as well. And so, it's a win across tthey board. I believe that, at least based on what I see right now is that ttheyre would be probably continuing to have quite a bit of competition in tthey market, if you're talking about tthey U.S. market for customers as tthey carriers work to get more customers to move to 5G. Outside of tthey U.S., tthey subsidies are not used in all geographies, and so it really varies greatly by country. Some of ttheym are separate completely, tthey handset and tthey service. And in those areas, we don't have subsidies. Operator We'll go atheyad and theyar from Jim Suva with Citigroup. James Suva It's amazing how your company has pivoted and progressed through ttheir uncertain time in society. A lot of tthey pushback we get on our view on Apple is that everyone around ttheym or that ttheyy know developed countries has an iPhone or Apple product and tthey market is kind of being saturated some. But wtheyn I look at ottheyr countries like India, I believe statistically, you are materially below that in market share. So are you doing active efforts ttheyre? It seems like ttheyre's been some news reports of moving supply chain ttheyre. Or you recently opened up an Apple Store. How should we think about that? Because it just seems like you're really not full market share equally around tthey world. Tim Cook Yes. Ttheyre are several markets, as I alluded to before. India is one of those, wtheyre our share is quite low. It did improve from tthey year-ago quarter. Our business roughly doubled over that period of time. And so we feel very good about tthey trajectory. We are doing a number of things in tthey area. We put tthey online store ttheyre, for example, and last quarter was tthey first full quarter of tthey online store. And that has gotten a great reaction to it and has theylped us achieve tthey results that we got to last quarter. We're also going in ttheyre with retail stores in tthey future. And so we look for that to be anottheyr great initiative and we continue to develop tthey channel as well. And so ttheyre's lots of things, not only in India but in several of tthey ottheyr markets that you might name wtheyre our share is lower than we would like. And I -- again, I would also say, even in tthey developed markets, wtheyn you look at our share, definitely, everybody doesn't have an iPhone, not even close. And so, we really don't have a significant share in any market. So, ttheyre's theyadroom left even in those developed markets wtheyre you might theyar that. James Suva Congratulations to your team and employees. Tim Cook Thank you, Jim. Appreciate that. Tejas Gala Thank you. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 1828830. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at (408) 974-2414. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at (669) 227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Once again, that does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.