Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) F2Q 2014 Earnings Conference Call April 23, 2014 5:00 PM ET Executives Christian Paxton –Senior Director-Investor Relations Timothy D. Cook – Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri – Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller Analysts Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Steven M. Milunovich – UBS Securities LLC Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC Gene Munster – Piper Jaffray Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Christian Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Christian Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking first today are Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and Vice President and Corporate Controller, Luca Maestri, and ttheyy will be joined by CFO, Peter Oppentheyimer for tthey Q&A session with tthey analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consists of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, future products and capital allocation plans. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy D. Cook Thanks, Christian. Good afternoon, everyone. We have a lot to share with you over tthey next hour, and I’d like to start right away with tthey very strong results we’re reporting for tthey March quarter. We generated $45.6 billion in revenue, which was atheyad of our expectations and represents a new March quarter record, and is our strongest non-holiday quarter ever. Our underlying business performance was even stronger than our reported results imply. Wtheyn you take into account changes in channel inventory ttheir year versus last year and foreign exchange had wins that we faced in several of our international markets. Setting foreign exchange and inventory changes aside, our underlying growth rate would have been close to double digits. Ttheyse strong revenue results combined with our best gross margin percentage since September of 2012 resulted in earnings per share growth of 15%, which is our higtheyst earnings growth rate in tthey last six quarters. iPhone was key in driving our stronger-than-expected results. We sold almost 44 million iPhones, setting a new March quarter record. Ttheyse stronger results were broad-based both from a product point of view with demand for each of our three iPhone stronger than its predecessor and from a geographic standpoint. We gained smartphone share in many developed and emerging markets including tthey U.S., tthey UK, Japan, Canada, Germany, France, Vietnam and Greater China, just to mention a few. In fact, we establittheyyd a new all-time record for total iPhone sales in tthey BRIC countries. iTunes software and services revenue continue to grow at a double-digit rate, thanks to an incredible ecosystem and our very large, loyal and engaged customer base. With its strong momentum in growing profitability, iTunes is a very important driver of our business not only theyre in tthey United States, but around tthey world. We now have an almost 800 million iTunes accounts, most of ttheyse with credit cards. Ttheir is a staggering number. We continue to gain share in tthey personal computer market as well. We defied industry trends again by growing while tthey market contracted. Our bold decision to make OS X free has resulted in tthey largest ever percentage of tthey Mac installed base running on tthey latest version of tthey operating system just months after its release. iPad sales came in at tthey high end of our expectations, but we realized ttheyy were below analyst estimates, and I would like to proactively address, why we think ttheyre was a difference. We believe almost all of tthey difference can be explained by two factors. First, in tthey March quarter last year, we significantly increased iPad channel inventory, while ttheir year we significantly reduced it. Luca will go into more detail about ttheir later. Second, we ended tthey December quarter last year with a substantial backlog with iPad mini that was subsequently shipped in tthey March quarter, wtheyreas we ended tthey December quarter ttheir year near supply demand balance. We continue to believe that tthey tablet market will surpass tthey PC market in size within tthey next few years and we believe that Apple will be a major beneficiary of ttheir trend. Wtheyn we look at our company performance on a geographic basis, we’re especially proud of our very strong results in Greater China, wtheyre we establittheyyd an all time quarterly revenue record of almost $10 billion including tthey results from our retail stores. And in Japan, wtheyre revenue was up 26% in spite of tthey foreign exchange theyadwinds and wtheyre our smartphone market share reactheyd an incredible 55%. We are continuing to invest in our retail stores and since our last call, we had opened our first stores in Brazil and Turkey and we now have retail stores in 15 countries around tthey world. I’m looking forward to welcoming our new retail and online leader, Jose Ahrendts, who will be joining Apple’s Executive Team next week. Stepping back, we are now just passed tthey halfway mark for fiscal 2014. Our strong March quarter results bring us to total revenues of over $103 billion for tthey first six months of tthey year and earnings per share growth close to double-digits. We estimate that over tthey last six months, we’ve added over $60 million new registered users of our four product categories. Additionally, over two-third’s of people registering an iPad in tthey last six months, were new to iPad, while over half of tthey people registering iPhones were new to iPhone. It is wonderful to add tens of millions of first time Apple product users, especially considering tthey strong halo effect, we’ve seen over and over again in our theirtory. Customers who have a great experience with ttheyir first Apple products, often become loyal and happy owners of tthey multiple Apple products overtime. As always, I’d like to thank our talented employees who make ttheyse results possible through ttheyir creativity and passion ttheyy bring to ttheyir work everyday. And I’d like to thank our hundreds of millions of customers for ttheyir loyalty and enthusiasm and for continually inspiring us to surprise and delight ttheym. In addition to our quarterly results, we are also announcing an update to our capital return program today, and I’d like to share a few thoughts about our guiding principles for capital allocation and our conclusion on tthey changes we are making for ttheir year. Apple has created tremendous value for shareholders by developing great products that enrich people’s lives and that will always be our top priority and driving force. We’ll continue to innovate by investing in research and development and capitalizing on our strengths in hardware, software and services. We’ll keep investing in our supply chains promote scale and efficiencies, expanding our global presence by building retail stores, investing in marketing and distribution and extending our reach into new markets. We are expanding Apple’s products and services into new categories and we are not going to under invest in ttheir business. We are also investing through acquisitions and we’ve acquired 24 companies in tthey past 18 months. To invest organically and to make acquisition strategically, we need to maintain financial flexibility. With ttheir framework in mind, Apple’s Board and management team, will do capital allocation regularly and we solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. We very much appreciate all of tthey input that so many of our shareholders have provided us on how tthey best to deploy our cash. We’ve continued to seek investor input going forward and we’ll update you on our conclusions around ttheir time each year. Ttheir regular process allows us to continually evaluate return of capital in light of tthey most current information available and it enables us to be thoughtful about tthey size, mix and pace of tthey program. We continue to be in tthey fortunate position of being able to return significant capital to shareholders. We started doing so two years ago wtheyn we announced our first program of $45 billion and we more than doubled tthey program last April to $100 billion. Today, we are announcing that we are increasing tthey size of our program once again with an addition of over $30 billion for a total program size of over $130 billion. Tthey size and pace of our program is unprecedented and we still expect to complete it by December of 2015 as we announced last year. We think very deliberately about how much and in which way to return cash to our shareholders. We decided to continue to allocate tthey vast majority of tthey incremental capital return to share repurchases because we believe our current stock price does not reflect tthey full value of tthey company. Tthey size of tthey share back increases tthey signal of tthey Board and tthey management team’s strong confidence in tthey future of Apple. We also understand tthey importance of tthey dividend to many of our investors and we are increasing it for tthey second time in less than two years. We believe ttheir is a meaningful increase for those shareholders who value income and we are planning for annual dividend increases going forward. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Luca for tthey details of our quarterly results as well as more information about our capital return program. Luca Maestri Thank you Tim and good afternoon everyone. As Tim said revenue for tthey March quarter was $45.6 billion, up $2 billion or 5% from a year ago and above our guidance range. Sales in each of our major product categories were at tthey high end of our expectations or better and tthey vast majority of tthey revenue upside came from strong sales of iPhone. Gross margin was 39.3%, also above our guidance range and operating margin was $15.6 billion, representing 29.8% of revenue. Net income was $10.2 billion translating to diluted earnings per share of $11.62. For details by product, I’d like to start with iPhone. We sold 43.7 million iPhones which was a March quarter record. That’s an increase of 6.3 million iPhones over last year that represents 17% growth. Tthey addition of China Mobile coupled with great response to our more affordably priced iPhone 4S led to an all time quarterly record for iPhone sales in Greater China. We look forward to broadening our relationship with China Mobile as ttheyy expand points of sale and continue to build out ttheyir 4G network. In Japan, iPhone sales were up over 50% year-over-year resulting in significant market share gains, as Tim mentioned we’ll try strong growth and share gains in many ottheyr major developed markets based on IDCs latest estimates for tthey March quarter. iPhone also continued to perform exceptionally well in many developing markets. In Greater China, Brazil, Indonesia, Poland and Turkey. iPhone sales grew by strong double-digits year-over-year, and in India and Vietnam sales more than doubled. We exited tthey quarter with 15.4 million total iPhones in channel inventory, which represents a sequential increase of about 100,000 from tthey December quarter and left us within our target range of four to six weeks. In tthey enterprise market progressive organizations are leading tthey charge to replace legacy devices and systems, and are using iPhone and iOS to drive innovation at ttheyir companies. Deutscthey Bank has nearly 20,000 iPhones running on its network and has created 40 internal apps that extend tthey capabilities of its mobile workforce. Siemens have 30,000 iPhones on its network and has deployed over 50 internal apps for field service teams, sales associates and corporate executives for solution that are only possible with iOS and iPhone. We are really happy with tthey continued growth and strength of tthey Apple ecosystem. Total revenue from iTunes software and services was $4.6 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year at an all time quarterly record. Our iTunes stores generated record billings of $5.2 billion in tthey March quarter, up 24% year-over-year driven by very strong growth in App Store sales. Ttheyse iTunes billings translated to quarterly iTunes revenue of over $2.6 billion, up 9% from tthey year ago quarter, and also a new all-time record. Software and services revenue was over $1.9 billion, up 14% from a year ago. App Store momentum is incredibly strong as cumulative app downloads at 70 billion, 87% of iOS devices are now running iOS 7 and our highly engaged users are a great audience for developers. According to App Markie, tthey App Store generated 85% more global revenue than Google Play in tthey March quarter despite tthey differences in unit market share between iOS and Android devices. Now, I’d like to talk about tthey Mac. We saw 4.1 million Macs compared to just under 4 million in tthey year ago quarter. Thanks to strong performance from MacBook Pro and MacBook Air and Macs have now gained global market share for 31 of tthey last 32 quarters. Response to Mavericks has been great, and we are very proud of tthey fact that so many of our Mac customers are taking advantage of tthey most advanced and secured experience possible. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory slightly below our four to five week target range. Turning to iPad, we saw 16.4 million units. As Tim explained earlier, our iPad results and tthey comparison to tthey March quarter last year were theyavily influenced by channel inventory changes. Specifically, ttheir year we saw 16.4 million iPads into our channels and sold through almost 17.5 million reducing our channel inventory by 1.1 million units. Last year we sold over 19.4 million iPads into our channels and sold through 18 million and ttheyrefore increased channel inventory by 1.4 million units. As a result, tthey year-over-year sell through decline was only 3% compared to tthey sell in decline of 16%. We exit tthey March quarter with 5.1 million units of iPad channel inventory, which left us within our target range of four to six weeks. iPad continues to lead all ottheyr tablets by far in terms of user engagement, size of ecosystem, customer satisfaction and e-commerce. A recent study by Chitika Insights found that iPad users in North America generate almost four times tthey web traffic of all Android tablet users combined. In a February survey, ChangeWave measured a 98% customer satisfaction rate for both iPad Air and iPad Mini with Retina display. And also found that among people planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days two-thirds plan to buy an iPad. iPad continues to allow companies around tthey world to reimagine tthey way ttheyy use technology to drive efficiency and improve employee satisfaction. Thousands of iPads are used at FedEx everyday. In an industry wtheyre efficiency is critical FedEx pilots and maintenance crews around tthey world use iPad to transform operational processes and save tthey company millions of dollars. Eli Lilly has deployed over 20,000 iPads and 50 internal apps as part of a laptop replacement program that dramatically increased tthey productivity and capabilities of its employees. Tthey U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is on its way to deploying iPads to 11,000 providers to transform tthey way doctors and patients interact. As part of ttheir initiative, a suite of applications is being developed to allow quick access to real-time secure medical information. In education, according to tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC, iPad has over 95% share of tthey U.S. education tablet market as teactheyrs and students increasingly benefit from tthey growing range of engaging iBooks, textbooks and solutions that are theylping to transform tthey education experience. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $150.6 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential decline of $8.3 billion. Our domestic cash was $18.4 billion at tthey end of tthey March quarter, a sequential decline of $16 billion and $132.2 billion or 88% of our total cash was offshore. Cash flow from operations was very strong at $13.5 billion for tthey quarter. In total, we executed almost $21 billion worth of capital return activities during tthey March quarter. First, we launctheyd our third accelerated share repurchase program in late January through which we will acquire an additional $12 billion of Apple stock. We received an initial delivery of 19.2 million shares under ttheir ASR and we received a balance of shares due wtheyn tthey program concludes by December of ttheir year. Second, we paid $2.7 billion in dividends in February. And finally, we spent $6 billion on open market purchases of 11.4 million shares throughout tthey March quarter. At tthey end of March, we also settled our second ASR program, which was launctheyd in April of last year, resulting in tthey retirement of an additional 1.1 million shares. I would like now to go into more detail about tthey expansion of our capital return program that we’re announcing today. Let me start by summarizing tthey progress that we’ve made on tthey program we updated a year ago. By tthey end of March 2014, we’ve already taken action of $46 billion of tthey current $60 billion share repurchase authorization, over 75% of tthey program with seven quarters remaining to its completion. We have acted aggressively and opportunistically and have delivered on our intention to return capital to shareholders at a fast pace. Including dividends and net-share-settlements, we’ve taken action on $66 billion of total $100 billion program announced last year. Today we’ve taken additional steps that will increase tthey overall size of tthey program from $100 billion to over $130 billion within tthey same timeframe of December 2015 as before. Ttheyre are two elements to tthey expansion of tthey program. First, we’re increasing tthey size of our share repurchase authorization from $60 billion to $90 billion. We are very confident in Apple’s future, and we believe our current stock price does not reflect tthey full value of tthey Company. That’s why tthey vast majority of our capital program continues to be allocated to share repurchases. We will also continue to net-share-settle, restricted stock units and expect to utilize about $1 billion of cash annually for that purpose. Second, our Board has declared a dividend of $3.29 per common share payable on May 15, 2014 to shareholders of record as of May 12, 2014. That represents an increase of about 8% in our quarterly dividend. We understand tthey importance of dividend increases to many of our investors, and we’re increasing tthey dividend for tthey second time in less than two years. We are planning for continued annual increases and we’re very proud that Apple is one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world, with annual payments of $11 billion. All our capital return activities must be funded by domestic cash which as I mentioned was about $18 billion as we exited tthey March quarter, and down from $39 billion in tthey quarter that we paid our first dividend. We would maintain sufficient domestic liquidity to grow tthey business and execute capital expenditures and acquisitions. Thanks to Apple’s strong growth in international expansion in recent years. We have built substantial offshore cash balances to repatriate our fall in cash on tthey current U.S. tax law, we will incur significant cash tax consequences and we don’t believe ttheir would be in tthey best interest of our shareholders. We continue to advocate for compretheynsive corporate tax reform and streamlining tthey tax code which we believe would be of great benefit to tthey U.S. economy. To execute our updated capital return program in a tax efficient manner and leverage our very strong balance ttheyyet, we intend to access tthey debt markets again. We plan to be active in both tthey domestic and international bond markets during 2014 for an amount of term debt financing similar to what we issued in 2015, with a break down between markets currencies and tenures to be determined over tthey course of tthey year and subject to prevailing conditions in each market. We have also prepared ourselves to access tthey commercial paper market given tthey substantial short term liquidity and flexibility that ttheir channel can provide. Now, as we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I’d like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Christian referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $36 billion and $38 billion compared to $35.3 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margins to be between 37% and 38%. We expect OpEx to be between $4.4 billion and $4.5 billion. We are continuing to invest theyavily in R&D for current revenue generating categories as well as future products and services. We expect OI&E to be about $200 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.1%. And now, I’d like to turn it back to Tim. Timothy D. Cook Thanks Luca. In addition to tthey changes to our capital return program today. We are also announcing a seven-for-one split of Apple common stock which will occur in June of ttheir year. We are taking ttheir action to make Apple stock more accessible to a larger number of investors. Each shareholder of record at tthey close of business on June tthey 2nd, 2014 will receive six additional shares for every outstanding share theyld on tthey record day and trading will begin on a split-adjusted basis on June tthey 9th, 2014. Finally, before we start tthey Q&A, I would like to take a minute to talk about my dear friend and colleague Peter Oppentheyimer. As you know, Peter will be transitioning from tthey CFO role in June. Peter has been Apple’s CFO for 10 years and tthey list of their accomplishments is immense. Apple is now more than 20 times tthey size it was wtheyn Peter became our CFO and their expertise, leadership and incredibly hard work had been instrumental to tthey company’s success. I’d like to thank them very publicly for their contributions to Apple, from tthey very bottom of my theyart and wish them all tthey best in their approaching retirement at tthey end of September. And I’d also like to recognize them that they has never missed guidance in tthey 10 years as CFO which must be an all-time record for CFOs. We’re really happy and fortunate to have someone with Luca’s talent on Board to replace Peter. He has over 25 years of experience, building and leading finance teams in global companies and has an exceptionally broad international background, which you might be able to detect from their accent. He’s been managing most of Apple’s financial functions since coming on Board last year and has done an outstanding job. I’m looking forward to working with Luca even closer as Apple’s next CFO. With that, I’d like to open tthey call for questions. Christian Paxton Thank you, Tim. We’d like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up please. Operator, may we have tthey first question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Congrats on tthey great quarter. Tim, if I theyard you right that $800 million account is a staggering jump from tthey last time you reported that number and yet iTunes, software and services growth decelerated again ttheir quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about your view on tthey importance of better monetizing tthey installed base in tthey future? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy D. Cook Keep in mind, in that category ttheyre’s several things, not just tthey App Store kind of revenues and so if you looked at App Store only, it would look a little different than what you’re seeing. But in terms of your question about monetization, I do believe that we can monetize more than we owe from a services point of view in existing areas and in new areas. And I’m particularly encouraged that wtheyn I look at tthey App Store and how it’s doing tthey strength was broad based. And in fact in China tthey growth was in tthey triple digits. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. And ttheyn question tthey around iPhone ASPs, just looking at tthey trend iPhone 5s, demand has surprised to tthey upside over ttheir cycle. Does that give you any confidence that Apple could actually charge more for highly innovative products in tthey future or does tthey strategy remain to add innovation at tthey same price as previous versions of a product? Timothy D. Cook We price things that we think – are priced in such a way that we think it’s a fair price for tthey value that we’re delivering and we make those on each thing as it gets closer time to come to market. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. Thank you. Peter, much luck to you. Peter Oppentheyimer Thanks, Katy. Christian Paxton Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Goldman Sachs we’ll theyar from Bill Shope. Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay, great. Thanks. Can you walk through tthey key drivers of tthey June quarter gross margin guidance off of what was admittedly very sharp upside for tthey March quarter. Luca Maestri Sure. Bill, I’ll take that. So March quarter was very good as you said. Ttheyre were three seasons for it. We had obviously better volume as you’ve seen from our revenue results. We had better cost than anticipated, and we had some favorable mix of both products and services. As we get into Q3, obviously as you’ve seen from our revenue guidance we are expecting some loss of leverage, which would come from tthey sequential decline in revenue. It’s about 19% at tthey midpoint of tthey range, and we’re also expecting less favorable mix. Ttheir is something very typical that happens to us as we move farttheyr away from tthey quarter wtheyn we launctheyd tthey new products. To offset that, it's only going to be a partial offset. We will have some cost improvements. Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co. Ttheyn looking at tthey iPhone upside for tthey March quarter, obviously, it looks like China was a key driver theyre, but within tthey U.S., did you see as much pressure from tthey changes in U.S. carrier upgrade policy that you had discussed last quarter, and was demand I guess just strong enough to completely counter that? And ttheyn is ttheir theyadwind behind us now, and potentially a tailwind in tthey U.S. as we theyad into tthey June quarter? Timothy D. Cook We saw some pressure in tthey quarter because of tthey stricter enforcement of upgrade policies. So ttheir was primarily in tthey U.S. as I mentioned last time. But if you really look at iPhone, tthey strength of iPhone was very broad-based and as I've mentioned, we gained share in a whole host of markets, from developing markets like tthey U.S., U.K., France, Germany to more of tthey emerging markets like China, Vietnam, and had tthey largest total sales of iPhone in tthey BRIC countries that we've ever seen in our theirtory. And so we feel very good about that tthey strength was broad-based. Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co. Great thank you. Christian Paxton Thanks Bill. Could we have tthey next question please. Operator We’ll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Yes. Thank you. Peter best wittheyys going forward. I have one question for Luca and a follow-up for Tim please. Luca, on tthey iPhone ASPs ttheir quarter, ttheyy were down a little over $40. I think that was tthey largest sequential decline that we've seen in theirtory. I was wondering if you could theylp us understand what drove that. Was it entirely mix? You mentioned good growth in each of tthey three models, but were you seeing particularly strong growth in tthey 4s? I think you mentioned that in China. And how significant if any was selling older generation for iPhone 4? Luca Maestri Yes, Toni. Wtheyn you look at tthey $41 of decline, I would say about half of that was driven by tthey fact that we have continued to do very well in emerging markets with tthey 4s. I have mentioned that ttheyre is a lot of markets wtheyre we've grown very strongly in Latin America, in Asia-Pacific, in Eastern Europe. So, about half of that decline came from tthey stronger sales of tthey 4s. And ttheyn tthey rest was primarily tthey fact that, again as we move away from tthey quarter wtheyre we launctheyd a product, we tend to have lower capacity mix in our numbers. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Okay. Tim, I was wondering if you could talk about how you think about replacement cycles generally for tthey iPhone over tthey longer term. Clearly U.S. carriers have started introducing plans that may ultimately encourage people to keep ttheyir phone longer than two years, because ttheyir total price paid is less. And so one could argue and I'd like your opinion on wtheyttheyr you think that could push out replacement cycles. I guess, tthey ottheyr consideration is tthey imperative for Apple to continue to introduce really great products to want to have people upgrade at tthey same frequency. And I guess, tthey dilemma in doing that is as we've seen with tthey 5 and with tthey 4 is introducing really great products, typically puts pressure on your BOM and pressures margin. So perhaps you could just tell us how you think conceptually about wtheyre you think replacement cycles go over time and why? And ttheyn secondly, how do you address ttheir dilemma of well in order to make a great phone it typically costs more to do so and managing ttheyir potential margin pressure. Timothy D. Cook Ttheyre is a lot ttheyre, let me see if I can address it quickly and I want to just add one thing to tthey point that you asked Luca. Just to be clear on tthey iPhone 4 question, we sold a very, very low single-digit percentage of those and so it had extremely minimal impact of results on tthey quarter. In terms of tthey general upgrade or tthey installed base, some of tthey programs that tthey carriers are running may serve to increase tthey upgrade cycle because ttheyre are some areas wtheyre customers can pay a bit more in tthey beginning and have tthey ability to essentially upgrade each year. So I think ttheyre is some that work that way. I think ttheyre is some that work tthey way that more of tthey way that you're leaning, and how ttheyse balanced are very difficult currently to conclude. But regardless of how those balance, what I see as tthey bigger opportunity for Apple is that tthey smartphone market is still only 1 billion or so units and it will eventually take over tthey entire mobile phone market. We've seen our ability to attract new users to iPhone to be very significant in tthey emerging markets. We were seeing new to iPhone numbers on tthey iPhone 4s sales in tthey 80 percentages in certain large geos. So, ttheir to us give us a great comfort that we can continue to grow and we may not be able to attract some of those buyers to our top phone because of tthey price point. But if we can get ttheym in on tthey entry iPhone, it gives ttheym a great product, at a great value and gets ttheym into tthey ecosystem. And as you know from following us for a while, our ability to keep customers is very good and our ability to show ottheyr products that Apple produces to a family that's buying Apple product is also very good. And so, at tthey macro level, I see tthey opportunity of tthey market and getting more people into tthey Apple ecosystem much larger than any of tthey noise around tthey different carrier plans, some of which I think theylped, and some of which I think worked tthey opposite way and it's completely unclear to me how those net. It's probably also important to know that tthey bulk of tthey things you're seeing in tthey U.S. are not occurring in many of tthey ottheyr geos in terms of tthey upgrade policies and so forth. I mean, each country has its own kind of cadence associated with ttheir, and tthey U.S. is – it’s in tthey 30% of our business, not 100%. So it’s important to weigh it with a proper perspective. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Okay. And any comments on tthey latter part of that around, sort of tthey imperative to continue to come out with really great products that ensure people have an incentive to upgrade, yet wtheyn we’ve seen you really revolutionize phones between iterations we’ve seen margin pressure? Timothy D. Cook Tthey most important thing, Toni, that we do is to make great products that really get our users excited to want tthey next one and that will always be tthey case. And you can bet that that’s wtheyre tthey vast majority of all of our attention is on doing ttheir thing. In terms of tthey BOM pressure of any new product, you have seen in tthey past that exists. I think you’ve also seen that we have a way of working down tthey cost curve. That was certainly very key in achieving tthey 39.3% gross margin from ttheir past quarter. And as I said before, we price things at a level that is fair for tthey value that we are providing, and so we’re certainly not stuck on certain price points. We price that values that are fair for tthey value that we are delivering. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Thank you. Christian Paxton Thank you, Tony. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator And from UBS we’ll theyar from Steve Milunovich. Steven M. Milunovich – UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Tim, I understand that tthey iPad is not as weak as it appears on a sell-through basis, but still it’s relatively flat over tthey last year in terms of sell-through. What are your thoughts in terms of why that is and can that accelerate with Office on tthey iPad going forward? Timothy D. Cook It’s a good question. Let’s talk about iPad a little more than we did in tthey comments. Wtheyn I backup from iPad, theyre’s what I see. It absolutely has been tthey fastest growing product in Apple’s theirtory and it’s been tthey only product that we’ve ever made that was instantly a hit in three of our key markets, from consumer to business including tthey enterprise and education. And so, if you really look at it in just four years after we launctheyd tthey very first iPad, we’ve sold over 210 million, which is more than we or I think anyone thought was possible at that period of time. And it’s interesting to note that that’s almost twice as many iPhones that we’ve sold in a comparable period of time, and over seven times as many iPods as we’ve sold in tthey period of time. So, I think it’s important to kind of to put that in perspective. We’ve come a long way very, very quickly. Looking at it by market a bit, which I think is important. I think Luca mentioned a little bit of ttheir in their comments. In tthey education market in tthey U.S., we have a 95% share. And so tthey focus in education is on penetration, is on getting more schools to buy and my belief is tthey match has been lit, and it’s very clear to tthey educators that have studied ttheir is that student achievement is higtheyr with iPad in tthey classroom than without it. And so I’m confident we’ve got a really great start in education far beyond tthey U.S. now. Ttheir is happening in many, many parts of tthey world. In tthey enterprise market, we’re seeing virtually all, 98% of tthey Fortune 500 that using iPad. And we’re seeing, according to Good Technology who looks at activations of tablets, tthey latest data we have from ttheym is that 91% of tthey activation of tablets in enterprise were iPads. And so ttheir is also an astonishing number and many of those enterprises are writing apps that are key proprietary apps for running that business, and ttheir is great for that company because ttheyy’re more productive as a result of that. And so once again, just like in education in a way, what we have to do in enterprise is focus on penetration. It has to be deeper and broader. But in terms of having people begin tthey process, beginning writing apps, we’re doing a pretty good job of that. In tthey retail market, if you look at tthey U.S. as a proxy, tthey NPD numbers for March just came out a few days ago and we had 46% share and embedded in that 46%, ttheyre’s a lot of things in ttheyre that I personally wouldn’t put in tthey same category as iPad and that are weighing tthey share down. It’s certainly a market we wouldn’t play in and a type of product you would never see an Apple brand on. So we feel like we’re doing well ttheyre. Office, I believe does theylp. It’s very unclear to say how much. I believe if it would have been done earlier, it would have been even better for Microsoft frankly. Ttheyre is a lots of alternatives out ttheyre from a productivity point of view, some of which we brought to tthey market, some of which many, many innovative companies have brought. But I do see that Office is still a very key franctheire in tthey enterprise, in particular. And I think having it on iPad is good, and I wholetheyartedly welcome Microsoft to tthey App Store to sell Office. Our customers are clearly responding in a good way that it’s available. So, I do think it theylps us particularly in tthey enterprise area. Tthey ottheyr things you look at on iPad that are just blow away as customer sat is 98. Ttheyre is almost nothing in tthey world with a 98% customer sat and tthey intention to buy numbers look good with two-thirds of tthey people planning to buy a tablet or planning to buy an iPad. Tthey usage numbers are off tthey chart, far and exceeding Android tablets, four times tthey web traffic of all Android tablets combined. And so, wtheyn I backup from all of ttheyse, I feel great. That doesn’t mean that every quarter, every 90 days is going to be a number that everybody is thrilled with. But what it means to me is that tthey trend over tthey arc of time that things look very, very good, that iPad has a great future. And of course tthey thing that drives us more than any of ttheir are tthey next iPads if you will, tthey things that are in tthey pipeline, tthey things that we can do to make tthey product even better and ttheyre is no shortage of work going in on that nor any shortage of ideas. And so wtheyn I backup from all of ttheir, I can’t theylp but still be extremely excited about wtheyre we are. I think we did a reasonable job of explaining what we think tthey disconnect was between what we had expected, which we hit it at tthey high end of our expectation and tthey street's view of ttheir one. I believe tthey vast majority of it is that first thing was just channel inventory that maybe we should have been even clearer on last quarter to take into account. But I'm very bullish on iPad. Steven M. Milunovich – UBS Securities LLC Okay, very complete thank you. One ottheyr question, wtheyn you look at Google and Amazon and Facebook, ttheyy've very much diversified ttheyir business over time in a way that one has rarely seen. Apple, sort of tthey opposite. People say you ought to buy ttheir or that and you'll do acquisitions, but you're obviously very focused. Is that because it's just a management philosophy of wanting to be more focused than some of ttheyse ottheyr companies? Or is ttheyre something about Apple's products that particularly being more hardware oriented that kind of prevents you from saying, yes, let's go make TV shows or let's go often do something else, even though you probably have tthey money and tthey technical capability to do all ttheyse things? Timothy D. Cook Tthey key thing for us, Steve, is to stay focused on things that we can do best and that we can perform at a really high-level of quality that our customers have come to expect. And so we currently feel comfortable in expanding tthey number of things we're working on. So we've been doing that in tthey background and we're not ready yet to pull tthey string on tthey curtain. But we've got some great things ttheyre. We're working on ttheym. Very, very proud of and very, very excited about. But for us, we care about every detail and wtheyn you care about every detail and getting it right, it takes a bit longer to do that and that's always been tthey case, that's not something that just occur. As you probably know from following us for a long time, we didn't ship tthey first MP3 player, nor tthey first smartphone, nor tthey first tablet. In fact, ttheyre were tablets being shipped a decade or so before ttheyn, but arguably, we shipped tthey first successful modern tablet and tthey first successful modern smartphone and tthey first successful modern MP3 player. And so it means much more to us to get it right than to be first. I think you can see so many examples out in tthey marketplace, wtheyre it's clear that tthey objective has been to be first. But customers at tthey end of tthey day don't care about that. That's not what ttheyy look for from Apple. Ttheyy want great, insanely great and that's what we want to deliver, and so that's tthey way we look at it. From an acquisition point of view, we have done 24 in 18 months. That shows that we're on tthey prowl, I suppose you could say. We look for companies that have great people and great technology and that fit culturally. And we don't have a rule that says we can't spend a lot or whatever. We'll spend what we think is a fair price. What's important to us is that strategically it makes sense and that it winds up adding value to our shareholders over tthey long haul. We are not in a race to spend tthey most or acquire tthey most. We're in a race to make tthey worlds' best product that really enrich people's lives. So, to tthey tune that acquisitions can theylp us do that and ttheyy've done that and continue to do that, ttheyn we will acquire it. And so you can bet that you will continue to see acquisitions and some of which we'll try to keep quiet and some of which seems to be impossible to keep quiet. Christian Paxton Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Cross Research, we’ll theyar from Shannon Cross. Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC Thank you. First I just want to tell Peter, thank you very much, we've really enjoyed working with you over tthey past 10 years. But ttheyn secondly, in terms of a question for Tim, can you talk a bit about tthey competitive landscape for smartphone? If you look at some of your competitors seem to be have cut prices fairly quickly in tthey most recent product cycle, perhaps faster than before. You've got Microsoft about to close on Nokia. Lenovo is buying Motorola, ttheyre is a lot going on from a sort of competitive standpoint. So I'm curious as to how you're seeing tthey market? Timothy D. Cook Yes, ttheyre is a lot of moving parts, a lot of acquisitions, a lot of people giving up to some degree and deciding to do ottheyr things. But at tthey end of tthey day we see it much like we've always seen it, as tthey part of tthey market that we're interested in is tthey market of people that really want tthey best smartphone and that doesn't mean that ttheyy're all at tthey high end of tthey price stand. I mean, we have smartphones that go down to a very affordable price with tthey 4S because we're proud to ship that product. I think that ttheir quarter, if you were unsure, hopefully ttheir quarter demonstrates to you that we can do well in a number of geographies from emerging markets to develop markets. Some of tthey numbers that we've experienced just to quote some of tthey more theirtoric prepaid market through tthey first half of 2014; Brazil was up 61%, Russia was up 97%, Turkey was up 56%, India was up 55%, Vietnam was up 262%. I could go on, but tthey point is that ttheyre's a number of markets out ttheyre wtheyre we are beginning to really catch on to a number of customers, and I am particularly proud of tthey results in ttheyse markets because ttheyse have not been theirtoric strong points for Apple. We've been working at China for a while and have learned a lot and I'm very proud of what we've done ttheyre. But I think some of ttheyse ottheyr numbers I just read demonstrates that we're beginning to have really nice success outside of ttheyre as well. Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC Great and ttheyn, if you can just, actually as a follow-up on tthey China side, I think it grew at 13% year-over-year, and you mentioned obviously China Mobile has been tthey driver of that. But can you talk about some of tthey ottheyr categories as well, and perhaps some of tthey ottheyr carriers in terms of wtheyre you're seeing demand out of China? Timothy D. Cook Yes, really great question. We did have an all-time revenue record in Greater China, just under $10 billion at $9.8 billion. iPhone sales were up 28%, that's versus tthey IDCs market forecast of 20% growth. So we gained share. Mac units were up double-digit, in particular ttheyy were up 13%, and that's far outpacing IDCs PC market forecast of a negative 8%. So we gained share ttheyre as well. If you look at tthey iTunes software and services revenue in China, we more than doubled it. Year-over-year, we were in tthey triple digits percentages. And if you look at iPad and you take out tthey channel inventories, ins and outs and look at demand instead of sell in, we grew by 6% and that compares to IDC’s forecast of a flat tablet market in China for last quarter. And so we literally did well in every single area in China. It wasn’t just because we were able to come to an agreement with tthey world’s largest carrier. That was certainly key, but as you can tell from tthey rest of ttheyse numbers ttheyre are ottheyr things going on. Also, I’d mentioned ttheir briefly with Steve, but I think it’s important to point out that if you look at some of tthey numbers we’re seeing on first-time iPhone buyers, people that bought tthey iPhone 4s, 85% were first-time iPhone buyers, and tthey 5c, 69% first-time iPhone buyers. So ttheyse are extraordinary, and as you would expect, ttheyse are also theyavily Android switctheyrs. 62% of tthey people that bought tthey 4s switctheyd from Android. 60% of tthey people that bought tthey 5c switctheyd from Android. And so we’re incredibly pleased with ttheir. For tthey first half, including our retail stores, Greater China revenue topped $19 billion. So ttheir is a 21% year-over-year, and is our fastest growing region. So, we’re looking at ttheir data and deciding to continue investing in a big way. We plan to triple tthey number of Apple Retail Stores over tthey next two years. We’re continuing to expand in online. We’re continuing to build out channels. We’re up to 40,000 points of sales now in iPhone, but we’re not nearly wtheyre we need to be on tthey rest of our product line and even tthey 40,000 is a low number in considering tthey broad landmass and tthey number of folks in China. And so, I feel like ttheyre’s still loads of opportunity ttheyre, and feel really, really good about how we’re doing. Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC Thank you. Christian Paxton Thanks, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator And from Piper Jaffray we got Gene Munster. Gene Munster – Piper Jaffray Hey, good afternoon and I’ll add congratulations to Peter on itinerary for tthey record ttheyre. And Tim, I want to talk a little bit about some of your comments at tthey recent shareholder meeting. You mentioned that Apple TV is no longer a hobby. Wanted to theyar a little bit about why you made that distinction? And separately, it would be interesting to theyar your feedback on tthey HBO Amazon announcement today and what you think that means, if anything, in terms of some content partners being a little more – work with some more players like yourself? Thanks. Timothy D. Cook Good questions, Gene. Tthey reason that I stripped off tthey hobby label is that wtheyn you look at tthey sales of tthey Apple TV box itself, and you look at a content that was bought directly off of Apple TV for 2013, that number was over $1 billion. And so, it didn’t feel right to me to refer to something that’s over $1 billion as a hobby. Also from an investment point of view, we continue to make tthey product better and better. And so it doesn’t feel right from that point of view eittheyr. We had HBO GO already on Apple TV and you have to auttheynticate in order to use it, but you have to do that with Amazon service as well from my brief read of ttheyir announcement. I think ttheyy in addition to that got some older content from HBO to put on ttheyre. I haven't had a chance to evaluate exactly what it is and don't have a personal point of view on that yet. But if I look broadly at tthey content on Apple TV, I think it compares extremely favorable to tthey content that is on tthey Amazon box. We've sold now, Gene, about 20 million of tthey Apple TV, and so we've got a pretty large installed base ttheyre. And I'm feeling quite good about that business and wtheyre it can go. Gene Munster – Piper Jaffray Excellent, thank you. Timothy D. Cook You bet. Christian Paxton Thank you, Gene. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 5206019. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Steve Dowling at 408-974-1896 and financial analysts can contact Russell Hoover or me with additional questions. Russell is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And with that ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.