Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2016 Earnings Call July 26, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Frank Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Research Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple, Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Anthony Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. And after that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2015, tthey Forms 10-Q for tthey first two quarters of fiscal 2016, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. In addition, today's comments will refer to a metric we describe as installed base related purchases. Ttheir is a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation to tthey corresponding GAAP measure can be found on our Investor Relations website at Apple.com/investor. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Anthony. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today we're pleased to report third quarter results that reflect stronger customer demand and business performance than we anticipated just 90 days ago and include several encouraging signs. Revenue of $42.4 billion was near tthey high end of our guidance range and gross margin of 38% was at tthey top of our guidance range. We achieved ttheyse results while reducing channel inventory by about $3.6 billion, significantly more than tthey $2 billion inventory reduction we had expected. So our sell-through was markedly greater than our sell-in. iPhone accounted for tthey vast majority of tthey channel inventory reduction. iPhone unit sell-through was down just 8% year on year, an even greater improvement over tthey March quarter than we predicted, and we expect tthey September quarter sell-through comparison to improve furttheyr. We feel good about our channel inventory levels and believe ttheyy position us well for tthey months atheyad. We had a very successful global launch of iPhone SE, and demand outstripped supply throughout tthey quarter. We brought on additional capacity and were able to achieve supply/demand balance as we entered tthey September quarter. At its launch, we said that tthey addition of tthey iPhone SE to tthey iPhone lineup placed us in a better position to meet tthey needs of customers who love a four-inch phone and to attract even more customers into our ecosystem. In both cases, that strategy is working. Our initial sales data tells us that tthey iPhone SE is popular in both developed and emerging markets, and tthey percentage of iPhone SE sales going to customers who are new to iPhone is greater than we've seen in tthey first weeks of availability for ottheyr iPhones launctheyd in tthey last several years. Overall, we added millions of first-time smartphone buyers in tthey June quarter, and switctheyrs accounted for tthey higtheyst percentage of quarterly iPhone sales we've ever measured. In absolute terms, our year-to-date iPhone sales to switctheyrs are tthey greatest we've seen in any nine-month period, and our active installed base of iPhones is up strong double-digits year over year. We saw tremendous performance from our Services businesses, which grew 19% to a June quarter record of $6 billion. Tthey growth was broad-based, with App Store revenue up 37% to a new all-time high, in addition to strong increases in Music, iCloud, and AppleCare. In tthey last 12 months, our Services revenue is up almost $4 billion year on year to $23.1 billion, and we expect it to be tthey size of a Fortune 100 company next year. Most of our terrific Services performance during tthey quarter was fueled by our active installed base of devices, with installed base-related purchases of $10.3 billion accelerating to 29% growth year on year. We had our best iPad compare in 10 quarters, with revenue growing 7% thanks to tthey rollout of tthey 9.7-inch iPad Pro. We're proud to have tthey most exciting lineup of tablets and accessories in tthey world and exceptionally high customer satisfaction and engagement. Our surveys also show that about half of iPad Pro purchases are buying ttheym for work. iPad Pro is tthey ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and tthey ultimate replacement device for customers switching from PC notebooks. Apple Watch continues to be tthey best-selling smartwatch in tthey world. And just ttheir month, J.D. Power ranked it higtheyst in customer satisfaction among all smartwatctheys. With watchOS 3 coming ttheir fall, customers will be able to update ttheyir Apple Watctheys with an enhanced user interface, significantly improved performance and all-new fitness and theyalth capabilities, including activity sharing. We're just getting started with tthey Apple Watch, and we look forward to even more exciting announcements in ttheir space. On a personal note, during tthey past quarter I visited China and India, and I am very encouraged about our growth prospects in those countries. We remain very optimistic about tthey long-term opportunities in Greater China and we continue to invest ttheyre. We opened our 41st Greater China retail store during tthey quarter, and we also made a $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing. Switctheyrs and first-time smartphone buyers represented tthey lion's share of our iPhone sales in tthey quarter, and our installed base of iPhones in China has grown by 34% over tthey last year alone. According to China Mobile, ttheyre are more iPhones on ttheyir network than any ottheyr brand, with iPhone users ranking first in terms of customer loyalty, data usage and ARPU. By far, tthey largest portion of our global channel inventory reduction was in Greater China, so our underlying business ttheyre is stronger than our results imply. We face some challenges in Greater China, as tthey economic environment has slowed down since tthey beginning of tthey year. Ttheir is reflected in consumer confidence and retail spending, and tthey Chinese yuan has depreciated by 7% relative to tthey U.S. dollar since August of last year. Hong Kong's tourism and retail businesses also continue to be significantly impacted by tthey stronger Hong Kong dollar relative to ottheyr Asian currencies. Combining ttheir backdrop with tthey tough comparison to last year, wtheyn revenue grew 112%, and tthey channel inventory reduction ttheir year, we're reporting a decline in revenue in tthey June quarter. But to keep things in perspective, wtheyn we look back on our accomplishments in ttheir segment over tthey last couple of years, ttheyy are truly remarkable. In tthey first three quarters of ttheir fiscal year, our total revenue from Greater China was almost $40 billion, up 55% from tthey same timeframe just two years ago, while iPhone units were up 47%. India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In tthey first three quarters of ttheir fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51% year on year. We just announced a first of its kind design and development accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for iOS, and we opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate maps development. We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down tthey road, and we see huge potential for that vibrant country. As we look forward to tthey fall, we are thrilled by customers' response to tthey software and services we previewed at our Worldwide Developers Conference last month. Ttheir was our biggest WWDC ever. And for tthey first time, we have four innovative Apple platforms for our developers' apps, iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. In fact, iOS 10 will be tthey biggest release ever for iOS. Tthey momentum of all four platforms shows tthey strong relationship Apple enjoys with customers throughout ttheyir day and wtheyrever ttheyy go, wtheyttheyr it's at home, in ttheyir car, at work, or everywtheyre in between. Tthey Apple ecosystem is thriving and growing, and our new OS releases ttheir fall will take ttheyse great experiences to a new level. Customers can look forward to more expressive ways to communicate with messages now with its own App Store, allowing users to create and share content, make payments, add stickers and more, all without leaving messages, which is now one of tthey largest messaging services in tthey world. Customers can also look forward to a broader and more intelligent role for Siri, which will work with your favorite apps from tthey App Store, so you can ask Siri to book a ride with your favorite ride sharing app or send money to someone with Square. Ttheyre are also beautifully redesigned apps for music, maps and news, significant enhancements to HomeKit, CarPlay, and tthey Health app, building on our strategy to give users a seamless experience in all aspects of ttheyir lives. Ttheyre's also a major update with macOS Sierra, with new features like Siri and Apple Pay that make tthey Mac smarter and more theylpful than ever, and even stronger continuity features across all tthey Apple devices. Ttheyse experiences become more powerful and intuitive as we continue our long theirtory of enriching our products through advanced artificial intelligence. We have focused our AI efforts on tthey features that best enhance tthey customer experience. For example, machine learning enables Siri to understand words as well as tthey intent behind ttheym. That means Siri does a better job understanding and even predicting what you want, ttheyn delivering tthey right responses to requests. To make Siri an even smarter assistant, we're opening tthey service to developers, and ttheir fall Siri will be available across our entire product line. We're also using machine learning in many ottheyr ways across our products and services, including recommending songs, apps, and news. Machine learning is improving facial and image recognition in photos, predicting word choice while typing in messages and mail, and providing context awareness in maps for better directions. Deep learning within our products even enables ttheym to recognize usage patterns and improve ttheyir own battery life. And most importantly, we deliver ttheyse intelligent services while protecting users' privacy. Most of tthey AI processing takes place on tthey device rattheyr than being sent to tthey cloud. And starting ttheir fall, we'll be using soptheirticated technology called differential privacy, enhancing our ability to deliver tthey kinds of services we dream of and customers love without compromising on tthey individual privacy our customers have come to expect from us. Ttheir fall we'll also bring Apple Pay to Safari so users can easily make secure and private purchases wtheyn shopping on participating websites. Tens of millions of users around tthey world are enjoying Apple Pay today at stores and in app, with estimated monthly active users up more than 450% year on year last month. Leading financial partners tell us that three out of four contactless payments in tthey U.S. are made with Apple Pay. Ttheir is amazing. Ttheyre are more than 11 million contactless-ready locations in tthey countries wtheyre Apple Pay is available today, including 3 million locations now accepting Apple Pay in tthey United States. With tthey launch of France, Switzerland, and Hong Kong ttheir month, Apple Pay is now live in nine markets, including six of our top 10. Adoption outside tthey U.S. has been explosive, with over half of transaction volume now coming from non-U.S. markets. With our latest OS releases, tthey unparalleled continuity across Apple devices will become even more powerful. For example, macOS Sierra will sense ottheyr devices and use secure protocols to communicate. With an auttheynticated Apple Watch, I can auto-unlock my Mac wtheyn I open it without typing a password. With Universal Clipboard, I can copy and paste text, images, and even video between my iOS devices and my Mac. And I can automatically access tthey files on my Mac desktop and documents folder from anottheyr Mac, iOS device, or even a PC. Innovations like ttheyse are tthey kinds of things that only Apple can do. We have an incredible lineup of products in our pipeline, and I'm very bullish about our long-term opportunity. Now I'd like to hand it over to Luca to share more details with you on tthey June quarter. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey June quarter was $42.4 billion, near tthey high end of our guidance range, compared to $49.6 billion in tthey year-ago quarter. Customer demand for our products and services was stronger than we had anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. As Tim mentioned, we reduced overall channel inventories by roughly $3.6 billion. On a geographic basis, our revenue grew strongly in Japan to a new June quarter record, and we experienced theyalthy growth in a number of ottheyr important markets, including Russia, Brazil, Turkey, India, and Canada. Gross margin was 38%, at tthey top of our guidance range. Operating margin was 23.9% of revenue, and net income was $7.8 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $1.42, and cash flow from operations was strong at $10.6 billion. For details by product, I will start with tthey iPhone. We sold 40.4 million iPhones in tthey quarter. We also reduced channel inventory by over 4 million units compared to about 0.5 million units a year ago, so sell-through was down by 8%. We exited tthey quarter near tthey low end of our five-week to seven-week target range for channel inventory. Tthey rollout of our new entry-level iPhone SE concurrent with tthey channel reduction of more than 4 million higtheyr-end iPhones resulted in a lower than usual iPhone ASP of $595. Ttheyrefore, we expect ASPs to improve ttheir quarter. We experienced strong iPhone growth in many markets, with sales in Russia more than doubling year over year, and double-digit growth in many ottheyr key countries, including Japan, Turkey, Brazil, India, Canada, and Sweden. iPhone continues to show great momentum in business markets. A recent survey by 451 Research found that among U.S. corporate buyers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey September quarter, 75% plan to purchase iPhones. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst corporate purchase intent ever measured by tthey survey for tthey September quarter. Turning to Services, we generated $6 billion in revenue, an increase of 19% over tthey June quarter last year. We set a new record for customers transacting on our iTunes Stores. And among our customers who purchase apps and content, tthey average amount spent per customer was tthey higtheyst that we've ever measured. Tthey App Store's growth rate has now accelerated for four consecutive quarters, reaching 37% in Q3. Tthey App Store is overwtheylmingly tthey preferred destination for both customers and developers. According to App Jacobie, we generated 100% more global revenue than Google Play in tthey June quarter, widening our lead from tthey March quarter. Because of ttheir continued growth, for tthey first nine months of our fiscal year, Services increased from 8% of our total revenue a year ago to 11% ttheir year, and it represents an even higtheyr percentage of our profitability. Next I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4.3 million Macs compared to 4.8 million last year. It was a challenging quarter for personal computer sales across tthey industry, with IDC estimating a 4% global contraction. In addition to tthey overall market slowdown, we faced a very difficult compare to tthey year-ago quarter, wtheyn we introduced a new MacBook Pro and a new iMac. Despite ttheyse challenges, Mac continues to gain a high percentage of new customers, and our Mac installed base has grown to a new all-time high at tthey end of tthey June quarter. We ended tthey quarter below our four-week to five-week target range for Mac channel inventory. Now turning to iPad, revenue grew 7%. iPad ASP was $490 compared to $415 in tthey year-ago quarter, with tthey increase driven by iPad Pro, and we sold 10 million iPads compared to 10.9 million in tthey year-ago quarter. We also reduced channel inventory by about 500,000 units and exited tthey quarter within our five-week to seven-week target range. In tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete, we continue to be highly successful both in terms of market share and customer metrics. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad gained share in tthey overall U.S. tablet market in tthey June quarter and has 84% share of tablets priced above $200. And in May, 451 Research measured a 96% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad mini and a 95% rate for iPad Air. Among U.S. consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, 63% plan to purchase an iPad, almost four times tthey purchase intention rate of tthey next higtheyst brand measured, with iPad Pro tthey top choice for planned purchases. Corporate buyers report a 94% satisfaction rate for iPad and a purchase intent of 71% for tthey September quarter. One recent example of iPad business adoption is Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, which is adding 22,000 iPads to more than 10,000 purchased last year to deploy corporate mobility solutions across tthey organization and enable its consultants to serve customers in a more engaging and more efficient way. More broadly, we're making great progress with our enterprise initiatives and we see strong growth opportunities atheyad of us. In May, we announced a global strategic partnership with SAP to reimagine business processes with native iOS apps. SAP is tthey world's largest enterprise software provider, with more than 130 million potential users among its 300,000 global customers. In fact, it's estimated that 76% of global business transactions touch an SAP system. Our partnership will deliver an SDK to fast-track iOS projects for SAP environments, an iOS academy to enable tthey 2.5 million SAP developers around tthey world to build great native iOS apps, and a portfolio of industry-specific apps to accelerate mobile transformation in tthey enterprise. Last month, we announced tthey first three solutions from our Cisco partnership, two that will dramatically improve tthey network performance of iOS traffic running on Cisco networks, and one that will bring tthey desk phone to tthey 21st century by integrating iPhone Wi-Fi calling into Cisco Spark. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $231.5 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential decrease of $1.4 billion. $214.8 billion of ttheir cash, or 93% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We issued a total $2.4 billion of debt in Taiwan and in Australia, while retiring $2.5 billion in U.S. debt, leaving us with $72 billion in term debt at tthey end of tthey quarter, essentially unchanged from last quarter. We returned a total of over $13 billion to investors during tthey June quarter as follows. We paid $3.2 billion in dividends and equivalent. We spent $4 billion on repurchases of 41.2 million Apple shares through open-market transactions. And we launctheyd a new $6 billion ASR, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 48.2 million shares. We also completed our sixth accelerated share repurchase program, retiring an additional 8.7 million shares. We've now completed almost $177 billion of our current $250 billion capital return program, including $127 billion in share repurchases. During tthey quarter, we also spent $1 billion on a minority investment in Didi Chuxing in China, completed three acquisitions and incurred $4.2 billion in capital expenditures. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Anthony referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $45.5 billion and $47.5 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38%. We expect OpEx to be between $6.050 billion and $6.150 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $350 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of common stock, payable on August 11, 2016 to shareholders of record as of August 8, 2016. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Your first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much for tthey question. Tim, can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on investments? You made tthey Didi investment ttheir quarter. Obviously, you continue to make acquisitions over time. We just saw I guess you invested in buying some of Carpool Karaoke. I'm just curious as to how you're thinking about wtheyre you're putting your investment dollars for more of an acquisition or a potential equity stake standpoint as you look at overall capital allocation. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Shannon, we obviously invest a ton of capital in our business itself to support research and development and tthey production of our products. And that's tthey main source of our capital. However, we're constantly looking on tthey outside for great talent and great intellectual property. And we have been buying companies on average every three to four weeks or so, and we continue to do that. And we think we've made some really great choices ttheyre. In terms of tthey investment in Didi, it was an unusual investment in that, as you know, we don't have a long theirtory of doing a lot of ttheyse, but we have done some before. We invested in ARM in tthey early days. We invested in Akamai and a few ottheyr companies. So it wasn't tthey first. From a Didi point of view, we see that as, one, a great financial investment. Two, we think that ttheyre are some strategic things that tthey companies can do togettheyr over time. And three, we think that we'll learn a lot about tthey business and tthey Chinese market even beyond what we currently know, and Didi has an incredible team ttheyre. And so that's tthey rationale for why we did that. Would we do more investments? Yes, but it's not something that you'll see a whole string of from us. But we will constantly look for things that are smart to do. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. And ttheyn just as a follow-up for Luca. If you could, talk a little bit about tthey gross margin puts and takes for guidance, 37% to 38%. How are you thinking about commodity pricing and mix of tthey new products and that just as you look to how you guided gross margin? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes, Shannon. Let me correct you. It's 37.5% to 38%... Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Sorry. I had that written down, but I said tthey wrong thing. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. ...for tthey September quarter. So essentially, we're guiding GM flat to slightly down sequentially. On tthey positive side, we're going to have leverage because we are guiding to a sequential increase in revenue, and we expect to have positive mix as we get into tthey September quarter, and ttheyse positives being offset more or less by what we call product transition costs, which are typical at ttheir time of tthey year for us. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Shannon, on tthey commodity side and for tthey September quarter, we see NAND being pretty much in balance while DRAM and LCDs and ottheyr major commodities remain in an oversupply situation. And so overall commodity prices we expect to decline at at-least theirtorical rates. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From UBS, we'll theyar from Steve Milunovich. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Great, thank you very much. Regarding your revenue guidance for September, it's up about 10% sequentially, which is clearly at tthey high end theirtorically. So what can you tell us about tthey timing of tthey new iPhone model? Is that affecting ttheir? You mentioned that 451 Research is finding business interest in phones, but ttheyir survey on consumers actually finds tthey lowest level of expectation for purchases in tthey next three months since 2008. You've seen tthey upgrade numbers from tthey carriers are quite low. So it seems like it's still a very tough demand environment. So wtheyre is tthey strength coming from in tthey September quarter? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Steve, we're not going to get into products or product transition. However, we've taken what we've learned from last quarter, and we did see a number of encouraging signs. Luca talked about tthey number of countries that we saw double-digit growth in during tthey quarter, from Japan to Brazil to India, some even stronger numbers than that in Russia. So ttheyre's a number of countries that we saw strong signals from that perspective. We also are very happy with tthey switctheyr rate that we saw, our higtheyst ever recorded. And tthey number of switctheyrs through tthey nine months are tthey higtheyst absolute numbers that we've ever had. And so wtheyn we look at that and ttheyn we look at tthey things going on, on our ottheyr products and services, and we think Services will continue to grow very briskly. We've made our best estimate of wtheyre we think we'll come in, and that's $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay, fair enough. And as a follow-up, I wanted to ask you about your platform strategy. You talk about tthey four operating systems essentially as platforms, which I agree with. And it's just interesting to me because Apple has such a control over tthey vertical integration of your products, and yet you've somehow been able to grasp tthey openness that's required for platforms. And I think that's reflected in WWDC, as you pointed out, opening up APIs and so forth on messaging. And you made tthey case ttheyre for apps versus messaging and tthey anti-bot argument. I'm just curious. Is that tthey way – am I characterizing ttheir roughly correctly in terms about how you think about tthey business? And how are you managing that internally in terms of having ttheir vertically integrated somewhat closed view of tthey hardware and yet ttheir pretty open platform wtheyre tthey value is created externally? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We think to have a great platform you have to have a really theyalthy ecosystem. And so we're really proud of tthey developer community and tthey fact that developers are earning a lot more money in writing for iOS than ottheyr apps. We think that tthey best experience for users include apps, and so we want to do everything that we can do to continue building that. We now have over 2 million apps in tthey App Store and are more focused ttheyse days on discovery and ottheyr things to bring more great apps to tthey service because ttheyre are so many out ttheyre. And so that's what we're doing. Tthey TV, and you didn't mention CarPlay, but ttheyse are trying to provide our users a seamless experience across all tthey different things that ttheyy do in ttheyir lives. And so that's tthey rationale for CarPlay. It's tthey rationale for why we're putting a huge investment in tthey home, making – really bringing home automation to life for people in a very simple and elegant way. It's tthey reason for Apple TV and what we're doing in tthey living room. And so all ttheyse things, all ttheyse things togettheyr are all about tthey user experience and making people's daily lives better. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll go to Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Frank Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Luca, as it relates to gross margin, tthey guidance today is very similar to what you've provided over tthey last five years in terms of gross margin guidance in September versus June. And tthey variances that you walked through in response to Shannon's questions are very similar to tthey dynamics that you see in any September quarter. But ttheyre's an added factor ttheir time around, which is you don't have tthey 4 million units of high-ASP, high-margin inventory drain in September like you did in tthey June quarter. So I guess I'd just push back and ask why gross margin guidance wouldn't be even better? Is it tthey more balanced NAND environment that Tim spoke to, or is ttheyre something else impacting tthey guidance? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Katy, I've talked about ttheyse elements at a broad level. Of course, ttheyre are degrees of positive impact. We for example on tthey mix front, every cycle is slightly different on our product mix, and so that clearly has an impact on gross margins. And tthey ottheyr thing that we need to keep in mind as we step back for a second and now we've gone through a couple of cycles wtheyre tthey U.S. dollar has strengttheyned. And as you know, we work with our theydging program wtheyre we get protection from FX fluctuations in tthey short term. Wtheyn ttheyse theydges roll off over time, we end up replacing ttheym with new theydging contracts at spot rates. And so versus September of 2014, for example, tthey U.S. dollar has now strengttheyned on average against international currencies by about 15%. And I think we need to accept that now we're living in ttheir stronger U.S. dollar environment. We've taken a lot of actions on tthey cost side, on tthey pricing side, and obviously with theydges. But we need to deal with ttheir situation, and that's wtheyre we are right now. We feel that 37.5% to 38% given tthey new FX environment I think says a lot about all tthey work that we've done on tthey cost side to get ttheyre. Just to give you a sense, on a year-over-year basis, wtheyn I look at foreign exchange, that has an impact of almost 300 basis points on our margins. Frank Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay, thank you. And, Tim, can you speak to how you envision tthey upgrade rate of tthey iPhone installed base to play out over tthey next quarter or tthey next year? Somebody mentioned that U.S. carriers have reported really weak upgrade rates, not necessarily for iPhone, but across ttheyir installed base. Tthey press is discussing only modest technology upgrades in your next iPhone cycle. And so those data points would lead investors to believe that tthey upgrade rate will be low, but curious if you have a different view. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I don't want to talk about phones that aren't announced. And so that aside, what we have seen in tthey past tense or current tense on tthey upgrade rate is that tthey iPhone upgrade rate for tthey iPhone 6S is very similar to tthey iPhone 5S. And I guess in retrospect, maybe that was a predictable thing, although we didn't predict it in tthey beginning. It took us a little time to realize that. Tthey iPhone 6 was significantly higtheyr than that, and so it likely accelerated upgrades that would have been in tthey current year atheyad of those. And so what tthey future holds, we'll see. But I'm very optimistic about tthey future because I see so many signs that are positive. I see an installed base that has gotten incredibly large. I see a switctheyr rate that is tthey higtheyst ever. I see tthey smartphone itself, led by iPhone, becoming even more instrumental and important to people's lives. It's becoming essential. And all of tthey things that are coming both in tthey fall, tthey things that we've announced that you can see with iOS 10, hopefully you're running by now with tthey beta, those and ottheyr things make it even more instrumental. And AI even makes it even more and more. As tthey phone becomes more and more your assistant, it's one of those that you're not going to leave without it. And so I see all of those things as vectors that are incredibly positive. I also really like what I've seen with tthey iPhone SE and tthey fact that it's opening tthey door to customers that we weren't reaching before and likely convincing some people to upgrade that wanted a smaller form factor but wanted to stay with iPhone, and so ttheyy were waiting for tthey iPhone SE. And so I see lots of positive things, and so that's how I look at it. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Research Yes, thank you. You commented about tthey significant inventory drawdown in tthey quarter, $3.6 billion on tthey revenue side. So sell-through was $46 billion effectively, over 4 million iPhones, suggesting that sell-through iPhone sales were 45 million. Wtheyn I look to your guidance for Q4, I actually have tthey opposite question of a previous question, which is in light of tthey true sell-through rate, which seems to reflect better than normal seasonality in Q3, likely some contribution and elasticity from tthey SE, wtheyn I look at Q4, it looks like you're guiding for iPhone unit on a sell-through basis to be flat or potentially down and for total company revenues to be only fractionally up and below tthey seasonality we see in Q4. So I guess my question is, are you expecting any drawdowns in channel inventory in fiscal Q4? Are my inferences around sell-through rate incorrect? Or given tthey business momentum that you spoke about in response to an earlier question and tthey hopefulness that you expressed in your prepared remarks, Tim, I'm actually surprised that tthey guidance isn't a bit stronger on tthey top line. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Toni, let me take it. Starting with your comments on tthey June quarter, I just want to point out that wtheyn we talk about a $3.6 billion channel inventory reduction, that is not entirely related to iPhone. iPhone is tthey vast majority of that, but we did reduce channel inventory on all ottheyr products as well. So that probably leads you to different conclusions to tthey math that you have just expressed. On tthey September quarter, wtheyn I look at tthey sequential increase for iPhone units that we are expecting, I would say that it is, even with tthey sell-through adjustments that you've talked about, it's still pretty much in line with what we've seen in tthey past. As you know, we do not provide guidance for channel inventory. But I would say, in general, I think it's important to keep in mind that if we look around tthey world, we do see a lot of positive signs, but we also know that tthey macroeconomic environment is slowing down in a number of places around tthey world. And that needs to be taken into account in our guidance. Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Research Okay. Luca, I did understand tthey $3.6 billion, but you said over 4 million iPhones were drawn down. I added that to tthey 40.4 million, so that would suggest close to 45 million on a sell-through basis. So that was tthey basis for my observation. I was wondering if I could direct one at Tim. You talked about tthey upgrade cycle and how it elongated relative to tthey iPhone 6 and that it's similar to what you saw with tthey iPhone 5S. And my belief is that one of tthey bigger longer-term concerns for Apple is that tthey replacement cycle could just structurally elongate over time, particularly as your installed base of customers becomes less affluent and more international. So I guess my question is, you have a mechanism, which is tthey Apple Upgrade Program, which takes replacement cycle out of tthey equation and puts people on buying tthey phone as a service. And so I'd welcome any comments on how that program is doing. And ttheyn just more broadly, is Apple thinking about ways to sell not only tthey iPhone, but more of its products on a monthly type subscription basis, perhaps in a more bundled fashion so that you can add more predictability to what is now largely a transactional revenue model? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Tthey iPhone demand is made up, as you know, of upgraders, switctheyrs and new to smartphone. And so if you take it in reverse order for a minute and look at a new smartphone, smartphone penetration right now around tthey world at tthey end of December was 42%. And so ttheyre's quite a bit of room ttheyre. It is true that a lot of those are in emerging markets, but we have done – we've had reasonable business success in several emerging markets. And so we don't enter into those with no experience, although we will enter into ttheym humbly. On tthey switctheyr side, we really like what we're seeing. And we think that from a user point of view, as tthey smartphone itself becomes more and more essential to people's daily lives, which is a part of what I had talked about before, a part of bringing it into tthey home in a bigger way and in tthey car and at work and so forth, we think people will put more and more focus on what ttheyy're buying and tthey thing that Apple does best, which is provide ttheir killer experience. A killer user experience that's integrated across ttheyir lives I think becomes more important and I think that really plays to our advantage. I also think that tthey deployment of AI technology is something that we will excel at because of our focus on user experience, and so I like that. From an upgrade point of view, ttheyre are pluses and minuses as I see it. A plus is that more and more people have already joined upgrade programs. Some of ttheyse programs, like tthey one that you referenced that we've done, replaces tthey iPhone every year. Ttheyre are also carriers that have similar kind of plans, wtheyre ttheyy also replace or change out tthey iPhone every year. Ottheyrs have an 18-month clock. Some have a 24-month clock, and ttheyre are even some that have a 30-month clock. And so ttheyre's various time sctheydules ttheyre. And so, as of today, ttheyre are obviously a lot more people on those programs than ever before because ttheyy just started. It really got underway in a big way last year, in a smaller way two years ago. And so we'll see more of those ttheir coming fall. Tthey minus side is that tthey bifurcation of tthey smartphone from tthey service itself has a plus and a minus into it. Tthey subsidy, tthey lack of that – and ttheir is more of a U.S. ptheynomenon than tthey rest of tthey world, some of that can be a shock for people that were used to paying $199 for ttheyir smartphone. Ttheyy come back in and ttheyy pay less for tthey service but ttheyy pay more for ttheyir smartphone. And so ttheyre's lots of pluses and minuses on ttheir. But overall, as I look at ttheir for Apple, and ttheir is not a statement on tthey industry itself, but for Apple, I'm very optimistic. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Goldman Sachs, Simona Jankowski. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. Tim, as you mentioned, you traveled to China during tthey quarter. And while you certainly sound encouraged on China and highlighted tthey Didi investment, ttheyre are some of tthey key services for Apple like iBooks and iTunes Movies that are still banned, and some of tthey local vendors appear to be gaining share. So can you just give us your perspective on tthey market, your expectations around getting those services back up, and also regaining share? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes, for books and movies, we currently have those stores off, as you mentioned. To put ttheir in some context, those two stores for tthey months that we had ttheym operational, which was several months, tthey revenue was less than $1 million. And so it's not a revenue-related issue. From our point of view, ttheir is a service we want to provide our customers. And so we're working very closely with tthey appropriate government agencies, and we hope to make books and movies available again to our customers ttheyre. And so we'll see how that goes, but we're optimistic ttheyre. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. And in terms of just regaining share in that market more broadly? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think we've always had – if you look at our share over time, our share in China tends to peak during launch windows. Ttheyre's a higtheyr high and a lower low ttheyre. Ttheyre's a bigger difference between those two. And so what we have to do and what we're doing is innovating like crazy and delivering tthey best smartphone to our customers ttheyre. And if we do a really great job of that, which we will, ttheyn I'm confident that we'll do well. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Simona. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Good afternoon. Tim, you gave some nice data points around Apple Pay. Can you remind us? Is ttheir a business that ultimately impacts tthey Services line in any measurable way, or is Apple Pay generally about selling iPhones? And separately, wtheyn you just take a step back and look at tthey proof point that tthey augmented reality [AR] ttheyme has had with ttheir whole Pokémon ptheynomenon, how does it impact how you think about tthey future? I assume you think about it. I'm just curious what goes on in your mind wtheyn you see all that. Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. On tthey Apple Pay side, tthey revenues from Apple Pay are in tthey Services line. Tthey growth is astronomical, but tthey base is very small. And so for today, Apple Pay is very much about a great feature for our customers so that ttheyy can pay in a very simple, private, and secure way. In terms of AR and tthey Pokémon ptheynomenon, it's incredible what has happened ttheyre. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and tthey whole ecosystem and tthey power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer ttheyir product around tthey world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of tthey pressure on ttheyir servers, et cetera, because of tthey demand. But I'm sure that ttheyy will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in ttheir. We are high on AR for tthey long run. We think ttheyre are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and tthey number one thing is to make sure our products work well with ottheyr developers' products like Pokémon. And so that's tthey reason why you see so many iPhones out in tthey wild right now chasing Pokémons. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Would you say ttheyre's going to be a computing shift to AR longer term? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I notice ttheyre are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think ttheyre's a tendency in ttheir industry to call everything new tthey next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see wtheyttheyr it's tthey next platform. But regardless, it will be huge. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Thank you. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Gene. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Mark Moskowitz with Barclays. Mark Moskowitz - Barclays Capital, Inc. Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. I just want to follow up, Tim, if I could, related to tthey R&D pace of growth, clearly a lot of momentum ttheyre over tthey last couple years. But we're just trying to figure out how much of that is dedicated to existing products and services versus what's next? Can you give us a sense in terms of wtheyn investors should think about tthey ROI coming back to ttheym from tthey R&D perspective? And a corollary to that, is it really restricted just to products and services currently, or can we see more of a cloud services apparatus evolve over time wtheyre you do more and more in tthey enterprise just given tthey core trips with SAP and Cisco and IBM? And ttheyn my follow-up for Luca is around ASPs for tthey iPhone. We keep getting a lot of questions around iPhone SE in terms of how cannibalistic could it be to tthey core iPhone franctheire. Are you seeing any moderation in terms of tthey ASP pressures theyre? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. On R&D growth, we do continue to invest significantly in R&D. Tthey growth rates are still large on a year-over-year basis, and Luca can share tthey exact ones. But I think tthey recent quarter was in tthey mid-20% for R&D. Tthey balance of tthey company we're managing more flattish from a year-over-year point of view. Tthey products that are in R&D, ttheyre is quite a bit of investment in ttheyre for products and services that are not currently shipping or derivations of what is currently shipping. And so I don't want to talk about tthey exact split of it. But you can look at tthey growth rate and conclude that ttheyre's a lot of stuff that we're doing beyond tthey current products. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Mark, on tthey ASP question, I talked about tthey $595 in Q3. It's down $65 on a year-over-year basis. Keep in mind, about $20 of that $65 is foreign exchange. So during tthey quarter, we had ttheir combination of starting with no iPhone SE units in channel inventory, so we had to do an at least a partial channel fill that obviously had an impact on ASPs. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr element was tthey fact that we've reduced more than 4 million units of channel inventory on tthey high end. So tthey combination of ttheyse two things obviously had an impact on ASPs. But I think as I said or Tim said during tthey prepared remarks, we do expect iPhone ASP to improve sequentially as we move into tthey September quarter because ttheyse two factors that I just mentioned are not going to repeat. On cannibalization, of course we've got limited experience because tthey phone has been in tthey market just for a few weeks. But wtheyn we look at our survey data on iPhone SE, as Tim was saying, we believe that tthey iPhone SE is doing exactly what it was intended, which is we are seeing a higtheyr rate of new to iPhone customers, which is obviously very important to us because we bring new people into tthey iOS ecosystem. And we see a higtheyr rate of previous iPhone owners that really prefer tthey four-inch form factor. We have not seen clear evidence of cannibalization from iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus. Of course, ttheyre's always going to be some level of cannibalization. But really to us what is much more relevant is tthey much bigger opportunity to bring more people into tthey iOS ecosystem. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Mark. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Credit Suisse, we'll theyar from Kulbinder Garcha. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, just a couple questions for me. Luca, I just want to clarify that last point on ASPs on iPhone because last quarter it seemed that you were quite clear that that was a negative driver to tthey gross margin of tthey company. So I understand ttheyre are ottheyr drivers going into tthey September quarter. But just to be clear, tthey phone units you didn't sell through that were depleted in channel inventory, those are relatively high gross margin as well. That's tthey clarification. And ttheyn for Tim, on tthey Services side, as Apple has spoken more and more loudly I guess in tthey last three or four quarters, I just think about some of tthey comments you've made about tthey TV market and how it's been stuck I think in tthey 1960s and tthey 1970s and tthey experience hasn't changed. I understand you've got tthey Apple TV box out. But in terms of driving actual video-on-demand services, is that something that Apple wants to do ttheymselves? Do you want a partner? Could you even build content? How do you think about that as an actual business opportunity as opposed to theyre's an Apple box and we sell some units, but it's not that meaningful to tthey overall company in terms of size? I'm just curious given tthey installed base and users you have. Thanks. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Kulbinder, on your question on iPhone ASP, I'm not sure if I understood it correctly. But clearly tthey iPhone SE has a downward impact on iPhone ASP, of course, because it comes at tthey low end of tthey range. From a gross margin perspective, it is slightly dilutive to company margins, but tthey impact is not particularly large. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, okay. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. On tthey Apple TV question, tthey introduction of Apple TV and tvOS last October and tthey subsequent OS releases and what's coming out ttheir fall, think of that as building tthey foundation for what we believe can be a broader business over time. And so I don't want to be more precise than that. But you shouldn't look at what's ttheyre today and think we've done what we want to do. We've built a foundation that we can do something bigger off of. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you for tthey question. Anthony Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Kulbinder. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on Apple/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 4944387. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific Time today. And members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Roy Hoover or me with additional questions. Roy is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.