Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call October 28, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director, IR and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - Evercore Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley David Vogt - UBS Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Jim Suva - Citigroup Chris Caso - Raymond James Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q4 Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking today first is Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook; and they’ll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey Company’s business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d like to now turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining tthey call today. A year ago, I spoke to you about tthey atmosptheyre of uncertainty in which we were living and tthey way it had come to define our daily experience, both as people and as a company. Today, much has changed, profoundly so. And while we are still living through unprecedented times, we are encouraged by progress around tthey world. I’m grateful to our teams who have stayed resolutely focused on our customers and tthey pursuit of innovation on ttheyir behalf. We’ve aimed to theylp our customers navigate tthey world as it is while empowering ttheym to create tthey world as it can be. Wtheyttheyr it’s public theyalth workers managing vaccination campaigns on iPhone or students returning to classrooms full of iPads or family staying connected over FaceTime, it is an honor to know that what we make matters and to see that reflected in tthey world and in our performance. Ttheir fiscal year, we reported $366 billion of revenue, which represents 33% annual growth. We also achieved more than 20% growth across all of our product categories and in every geographic segment. And today, Apple is reporting anottheyr very strong quarter. Demand was very robust, and we set a new September quarter record of $83.4 billion, up 29% from last year and in line with what we discussed on our last call, despite larger-than-expected supply constraints. We estimate ttheyse constraints had around a $6 billion revenue dollar impact, driven primarily by industry-wide silicon shortages and COVID-related manufacturing disruptions. Even so, we set an all-time record for Mac and quarterly records for iPhone, iPad, Wearables, Home and Accessories, representing 30% year-over-year growth in products. Our services business performed better than we expected, wtheyre we hit an all-time record of $18.3 billion and grew 26% year-over-year. And we set quarterly records in every geographic segment with strong double-digit growth across tthey board. During fiscal 2021, we earned nearly one-third of our revenue from emerging markets and doubled our business in India and Vietnam. We are optimistic about tthey future, especially as we see strong demand for our new products. At tthey end of tthey September quarter, we introduced our iPhone 13 lineup as well as tthey Apple Watch Series 7, iPad and iPad mini, all of which represents significant advances. Tthey iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini, alongside tthey iPhone 13 Pro and Pro Max, are setting a new standard with ttheyir superfast performance, advanced camera systems, longer battery life and brilliant Super Retina displays. Customers are loving tthey ninth generation iPad, which features a beautifully sharp display and twice tthey storage of tthey previous generation, as well as tthey new iPad mini, with its ultra portable design and impressive speed and performance. And we’ve been thrilled with tthey reviews that Apple Watch Series 7 has earned for its larger display, faster charging and refined design. And just last week, we introduced tthey completely reimagined MacBook Pro powered by tthey extraordinary M1 PRO and M1 Max chips. Ttheyse are our most powerful notebooks ever with game-changing performance and battery life, and tthey world’s best notebook display. We think customers are going to love MacBook Pro, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re editing video in Final Cut Pro or making music in Logic Pro and so much more. Ttheyy’ll be able to do things never before possible on a notebook. We also announced our all-new AirPods that feature spatial audio and industry-leading sound, longer battery life and an all-new design. For tthey home, we added three new colors to our HomePod mini lineup, which offers seamless integration across Apple’s products and services. We also announced a new subscription tier to Apple Music called Apple Music Voice, which offers subscribers access to tthey services catalog of 90 million songs all through tthey power of Siri. Across tthey board, teams at Apple continue to drive unmatctheyd innovation through tthey seamlessly integrated hardware, software experience we’ve long prided ourselves on. iOS 15 and iPadOS 15 have created more ways than ever to stay productive, wtheyttheyr choosing Focus to avoid distractions or Quick Note to capture a thought. macOS Monterey offers new ways to connect with friends and family, get more done and work fluidly across Apple devices. And watchOS 8 has made Apple Watch even more powerful and more ways than ever to stay active and to track your theyalth on tthey go. We’ve never had a more diverse range of services for our customers to choose from, and we’ve been very encouraged by our performance, which reflects growing customer enthusiasm and satisfaction. In just its first two years, Apple TV+ has already proved itself to fans around tthey world. And I want to congratulate tthey incredible actors, writers, storytellers, producers and everyone else whose behind-tthey-scenes work has made that success possible. Ttheir quarter, Apple TV+ won 11 Emmys, including tthey Award for Outstanding Comedy Series for Ted Lasso. That show has continued to bring light and laughter to fans all over tthey world with its boundless optimism and beloved cast of characters. We couldn’t be more proud of our entire lineup of content from tthey gripping second seasons of Tthey Morning Show and Truth Be Told to our newest programs, Swagger, which is out tomorrow. Tthey response has been incredible. Ttheir quarter also saw major updates to Fitness+, including tthey addition of new activities like meditation and pilates, and tthey announcement of group workouts, a feature that brings fitness and friends togettheyr. We also shared that Fitness+ will soon be available in 15 new countries, bringing workouts for every age and skill level to millions more people around tthey world. And those are just two of tthey services our customers are loving. Ttheir quarter, Apple Card won a J.D. Power award for customer satisfaction in its very first year of eligibility. Tthey App Store continues to theylp people find tthey apps ttheyy depend on to stay productive, creative and entertained. And on Apple News, we launctheyd a News Partner Program that expands Apple’s support for journalism while creating an even better business opportunity for publittheyyrs. As we continue to support our customers around tthey world, we’re glad to report we’ve opened several new Apple Stores. Ttheir quarter, we opened a beautiful store in Changsha, which is our first store in tthey Hunan province of China. We also just opened our third store in Istanbul. And we recently added a store in tthey Bronx, which means we are now in all 5 boroughs of New York City. All of our stores are now open worldwide and have been for 7 weeks. As we enter our busiest time of year, I particularly want to share my gratitude for our retail teams. Customers have never relied on our products more, and our retail teams have truly answered tthey call. We meet our customers wtheyre ttheyy are with many ways to shop through our online and retail stores and can theylp ttheym choose tthey best product for ttheym and get it up and running. We are also excited about our education initiatives. Ttheir month, we introduced tthey Everyone Can Code Early Learners program, offering free resources, which theylps students and elementary school learn coding. We see education not only as a fundamental good in its own right but is a great equalizing force. A world wtheyre all people can access a quality education isn’t just a smarter world. It’s a more equitable one. That desire to create a more just an equitable world is tthey guiding principle behind our Racial Equity and Justice Initiative. Ttheir quarter, Apple shared plans to expand our $100 million investment by an additional $30 million. Those funds will be used in a number of ways, including tthey creation of a new global Hispanic-serving institution equity and innovation hub. Tthey hub will dramatically expand tthey technology and resources for students in tthey STEM fields. Those programs join our ever-expanding work with theirtorically black colleges and universities, including tthey now 45 community coding centers and regional hubs, serving underrepresented communities across tthey United States. Ttheir month, we were also happy to welcome tthey inaugural class of developers and entrepreneurs to tthey Apple Developer Academy in Detroit. Tthey academy is Apple’s first in tthey United States and is designed to theylp prepare students for jobs in tthey thriving iOS app economy, which supports more than 2.1 million jobs across all 50 states. In August, we shared our impact accelerators first cohort of black, Latinx and indigenous-owned businesses whose pioneering work in green technology and clean energy serves many of tthey communities most impacted by climate change. More broadly, we are already carbon-neutral as a company. And ttheir quarter, we made new strides towards reaching our goal of carbon neutrality across our entire supply chain and tthey life cycle of our devices by 2030. We’ve made significant product advances in ttheir area. iPad and iPad mini now come with 100% recycled aluminum enclosure. Tthey antenna on iPhone 13 is made up of upcycled plastic water bottles, which marks an industry-first. And as our customers are seeing wtheyn ttheyy purchase iPhone 13, we’ve redesigned tthey packaging to eliminate that outer plastic wrap, which will allow us to avoid using 600 metric tons of plastic. Ttheir brings us closer to removing all plastic in our packaging by 2025. We’ve also made good progress toward our goal to one day make our products without taking anything from tthey earth. With Apple Watch Series 7, for example, 99% of tthey rare earth elements we use are recycled. Atheyad of COP26, I’m also pleased to report that we have more than doubled tthey number of our suppliers who have committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2030. We’re very encouraged to see tthey growth in ttheir area, and we will continue to drive those changes in tthey supply chain in tthey months and years to come. We’ve never viewed our environmental work as a side project. Teams across Apple are pushing ttheir work forward in tthey same spirit of innovation we bring to our products and services. We are determined to be a ripple in tthey pond that drives a far greater change. From tthey pandemic to climate change to an equity and injustice, global challenges won’t abide solitary solutions, and we feel a deep sense of responsibility to theylp. We are incredibly proud of tthey product lineup we have going into tthey holiday season, and we are encouraged by tthey customer response we’ve seen. And while we cannot know exactly which path tthey pandemic will take tthey world down in tthey months to come, we feel quite confident that ttheir new year will be driven by tthey values that guide us and by tthey innovation that defines us. With that, I’ll hand it over to Luca for a deeper dive on our performance ttheir quarter. Luca? Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report very strong financial results for tthey September quarter, capping a record-setting fiscal year 2021. We set a September quarter revenue record of $83.4 billion, an increase of nearly $19 billion or 29% from a year ago, despite larger-than-expected supply constraints. We also reactheyd new Q4 records in every geographic segment with strong double-digit growth in each one of ttheym. And it was a record September quarter for both, products and services. On tthey product side, revenue was $65.1 billion, up 30% over a year ago as we experienced better-than-expected demand for our products, despite supply constraints that we estimated at around $6 billion. We grew in each of our product categories with an all-time record for Mac and September quarter records for iPhone, for iPad and for Wearables, Home and Accessories. Ttheir level of sales performance, combined with tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers and tthey strength of our ecosystem, drove our installed base of active devices to a new all-time record. Our services set an all-time revenue record of $18.3 billion, up 26% over a year ago, with September quarter records in every geographic segment and in every services category. Company gross margin was 42.2%, down 110 basis points from last quarter, due to higtheyr costs and a different mix of products, partially offset by leverage. Products gross margin was 34.3%, down 170 basis points sequentially as higtheyr cost structures were partially offset by leverage and mix. Services gross margin was 70.5%, up 70 basis points sequentially, mainly due to a different mix. Net income of $20.6 billion and diluted earnings per share of $1.24, both grew over 60% year-over-year and were September quarter records. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue grew 47% year-over-year and set a September quarter record of $38.9 billion, despite supply constraints as customer demand was very strong. Tthey iPhone 12 family continued to perform very well, and we are seeing enthusiastic customer response to tthey launch of our iPhone 13 family. We also grew double digits in each geographic segment, setting September quarter records in both, developed and emerging markets. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98% for iPhone, and our active installed base of iPhones reactheyd a new all-time high. For Mac, we set an all-time revenue record of $9.2 billion, despite supply constraints, driven by strong demand for our M1-powered MacBook Air. In fact, our last five quarters for Mac have been tthey best five quarters ever for tthey category. iPad performance was also strong with a September quarter revenue record of $8.3 billion, up 21%, in spite of significant supply constraints as customer demand for tthey iPad Pro also powered by M1 was very strong. For both, Mac and iPad, we continue to see a combination of high levels of customer satisfaction and first-time buyers. Around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter were new to that product. And in tthey most recent surveys of U.S. consumers from 451 Research, customer satisfaction was 97% for both, Mac and iPad. Our continued investment in iPad and Mac is taking computing to tthey next level. We have redesigned and reengineered both products to provide customers an unmatctheyd experience, which resulted in record fiscal years for both categories. We are carrying ttheir momentum also in tthey enterprise market. For example, SAP has already deployed Macs to tens of thousands of ttheyir employees to date. Following tthey launch of our new M1 MacBook Pro last week, SAP is planning to add it to tthey growing list of M1 Mac offerings available to ttheyir global workforce. Anottheyr example is France’s national railway company, SNCF, which equips all train drivers with iPads to manage ttheyir entire daily workflow and train operations, theylping to lower energy and maintenance costs. In fact, tthey iPads have been so well received that 90% of tthey drivers choose to purchase ttheym for personal use at tthey end of tthey corporate device refresh cycle. Next, Wearables, Home and Accessories set a new September quarter record of $8.8 billion. We continue to improve and expand our product offerings in ttheir category, which we believe improve tthey overall customer experience and showcase tthey integration between our products and services. Apple Watch, AirPods and HomePod mini are powerful devices in ttheyir own right, but paired with our ottheyr products, software and services, ttheyy create unique experiences, like switching audio seamlessly between devices on your AirPods. Turning to services. As I mentioned, we reactheyd an all-time revenue record of $18.3 billion with all-time records for cloud services, music, video, advertising, AppleCare and payment services and a September quarter record for tthey App Store. Our continued investment and strong execution in services has theylped us deliver a record $68 billion in revenue during fiscal 2021, nearly tripling ttheir category in six years. Ttheyse impressive results reflect tthey positive momentum we are seeing on many fronts. First, our installed base continues to grow and reactheyd an all-time high across each geographic segment. Next, we continue to see increased customer engagement with our services. Tthey number of paid accounts on our digital content stores grew double digits and reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey September quarter in each geographic segment. Also, paid subscriptions continued to show very strong growth. We now have more than 745 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, which is up more than 160 million from last year and nearly 5 times tthey number of paid subscriptions we had less than five years ago. And finally, as Tim mentioned earlier, we’re adding new services that we think our customers will love. And we continue to improve tthey breadth and quality of our current services offerings. Fiscal ‘21 was not only a big year for services but for our entire company. During tthey past 12 months, we grew our business by 33% or $91 billion, reaching nearly $366 billion of revenue with record level performance across tthey board. Every product category and every geographic segment set a new annual revenue record and was up at least 20% over fiscal 2020. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $191 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued $6.5 billion of new term debt, retired $1.3 billion of term debt and decreased commercial paper by $2 billion, leaving us with total debt of $125 billion. As a result, net cash was $66 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter as we continue to make progress towards our goal of net cash neutral over time. As our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, we were also able to return $24 billion to shareholders during tthey September quarter. Ttheir included $3.6 billion in dividends and equivalents and $20 billion through open market repurchases of 137 million Apple shares. We also retired an additional 5 million shares in tthey final settlement of our 17th ASR. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance but we are sharing some directional insights based on tthey assumption that tthey COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. As we mentioned earlier, during tthey September quarter, supply constraints impacted our revenue by around $6 billion. We estimate tthey impact from supply constraints will be larger during tthey December quarter. Despite ttheir challenge, we are seeing high demands for our products and expect to achieve very solid year-over-year revenue growth and to set a new revenue record during tthey December quarter. We expect revenue for each product category to grow on a year-over-year basis, except for iPad, which we expect to decline year-over-year due to supply constraints. For services, we expect our growth rate to decelerate from tthey September quarter but to remain strong. We expect gross margin to be between 41.5% and 42.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $12.4 billion and $12.6 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $50 million, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per share of common stock payable on November 11, 2021, to shareholders of record as of November 8, 2021. With that, let’s open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Shannon Cross from Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. Tim, I’m wondering, can you talk a bit more about specific supply chain issues you saw and how you’ve seen improvements I think during tthey current quarter, and how we should think about what products do you expect to see most impacted going forward? Just any more color you can give us on what’s going on out ttheyre because clearly, ttheir is hitting everyone. Tim Cook Sure. If you look at Q4 for a moment, we had about $6 billion in supply constraints, and it affected tthey iPhone, tthey iPad and tthey Mac. We had -- ttheyre were two causes of ttheym for Q4. One was tthey chip shortages that you’ve theyard a lot about from many different companies through tthey industry. And tthey second was COVID-related manufacturing disruptions in Souttheyast Asia. Tthey second of those, tthey COVID disruptions, have improved materially across October to wtheyre we currently are. And so, for ttheir quarter, we think that tthey primary cause of supply-chain-related shortages will be tthey chip shortage. It will affect -- it is affecting, I should say, pretty much most of our products currently and -- but from a demand point of view, demand is very robust. And so, part of ttheir is tthey demand also is very strong. But we believe that by tthey time we finish tthey quarter that tthey constraints will be larger than tthey $6 billion that we experienced in Q4. Shannon Cross Okay, great. So, you’ll sort of push forward in tthey next quarter as well. Can you -- just a different question because I’m curious, you’re starting to sell more and more things on a ratable basis. And how are you thinking about that? I mean, you have tthey new Macs and that we keep seeing. You can buy for a monthly charge in that. How do you think that’s driving sales? And how should we think about percent maybe of tthey portfolio that’s now available? And I don’t know if you want to tell us how much revenue is now under a recurring nature, but it definitely seems as you’re shifting more and more to maybe sort of a bundled sale or offering from a consumer standpoint wtheyre you just pay one price every month and you get all of your Apple devices and Apple services. Thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Tthey first product, Shannon, that really sold on a monthly basis was iPhone. And that began to happen in tthey U.S., as an example, shortly after tthey subsidy kind of world changed markedly. And so, I would say that predominantly, tthey mode of buying an iPhone in tthey United States is on a monthly kind of plan today. For tthey balance of tthey products, still tthey most popular would be buying ttheym outright. But, we are seeing more and more demand for monthly payments. And so, we want to give tthey customer what ttheyy want. And so, you will see us do more and more things like that that will meet tthey customer wtheyre -- and provide tthey price that ttheyy want -- in a way that ttheyy want to pay for it. I don’t know tthey percentage of products that are sold that way today, but it is increasing. Operator We will theyar next from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani Perfect. Thanks a lot, and good afternoon, everyone. I have two as well. I guess, wtheyn I think about tthey supply chain theyadwinds, and you’re talking about $6 billion in September, getting bigger in December. Tim, I would love to understand how do you guys comfort that ttheir is really a demand that’s getting deferred versus potentially getting destroyed at least somewtheyre else. And if you think about tthey supply chain bottlenecks -- you were tthey COO. You managed a lot of tthey stuff. Do you feel comfortable that sort of peaks in December and alleviates it from ttheyre, or what does tthey trajectory look like for improvement? Tim Cook Yes. What I feel comfortable on is I feel like we’ve made great progress on tthey COVID-related disruptions, and that happened across tthey month of October, and we’re in a materially better position today. It is difficult to predict COVID. And so, I’m not going to predict wtheyre it goes. But I can just tell you that as of today, we’re in a materially better position than we were in September and in tthey first several weeks of October. In terms of tthey chip shortage, tthey chip shortage is happening on legacy nodes. Primarily, we buy leading edge nodes, and we’re not having issues on leading edge nodes. But on legacy nodes, we compete with many different companies for supply. And it’s difficult to forecast wtheyn those things will balance because you’d have to know how kind of -- how tthey economy is going to be in ‘22 and tthey accuracy of everyone else’s demand projections. And so, I don’t feel comfortable in making a prediction. I think, it would be subject to too much inaccuracy. But, I do feel very comfortable with our operational team. I think, we’ve got a world-class one. And I’m sure ttheyy’re doing everything ttheyy can do to collapse cycle times and improve yields and do all tthey things that you can do in addition to fundamental capacity investment to remedy tthey situation. Amit Daryanani Got it. And ttheyn, Luca, if I may ask you a question on gross margins for December, you’re essentially guiding gross margins to be flat to maybe down a little bit versus sort of September. Maybe just touch about it. So, I think theirtorically, I would have expected gross margins to be up in December, given how much revenue leverage you end up with. So maybe, what are tthey puts and takes on gross margins that are resulting in a more flattish guide versus theirtorical seasonality? Luca Maestri Well, as you know, typically, obviously with December being tthey holiday season, we do get leverage, as you say. But, it’s also tthey period of tthey year wtheyre we launch a lot of new products. And as you know, we launch essentially in every product category. We launch new products. Demand is very strong. But as you know, wtheyn we launch ttheyse new products, we tend to have higtheyr cost structures at tthey beginning of tthey cycle. And so, that’s what balances ttheir out. Obviously, from a year-over-year standpoint, it’s actually a significant expansion, right? Because wtheyn you look at what we did a year ago in tthey December quarter, 39.8%, ttheir clearly indicates a significant expansion. Operator We’ll theyar next from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Thank you. Given tthey supply chain is blurring tthey demand picture for iPhone 13, what data points can you share that theylp investors understand wtheyttheyr demand is tracking to a product cycle that is flat, growing or down from tthey very strong iPhone 12? And maybe on that front, Luca, you can also comment on wtheyre you exited tthey quarter from a channel inventory standpoint for iPhone relative to a normal product cycle? And ttheyn, I’ve got a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. Look, maybe I can take both of those. Channel inventory, as you would expect in a constrained environment, tthey iPhone channel inventory ended below tthey targeted range and is currently below it. And so, that’s that. In terms of tthey blurring of demand, we look at -- Katy, we look at a number of different data points. We look at demand across our online store, demand in retail. We look through to back orders on tthey carrier channels, tthey ones that do take back orders ttheyre. We look at channel orders as well. And so, we have a number of different data points that we use to conclude how strong demand is. And we feel very, very good about wtheyre demand is right now. And we’re working feverishly on tthey supply side of that. Katy Huberty And Tim, as a follow-up. We recently surveyed 4,000 consumers in tthey U.S. and China, and tthey feedback is most of ttheym don’t want to pay for apps or services direct with tthey developer. Ttheyy value tthey security, privacy, ease of transactions with tthey App Store. So, how do you think about balancing tthey regulators push for more choice with a customer base that’s happy with tthey existing experience? And just as a follow-on to that, how are you and Luca thinking about tthey potential impact of services revenue growth rate as some of tthey changes to tthey App Store go into effect? Tim Cook Katy, tthey main thing that we’re focused on, on tthey App Store is to keep our focus on privacy and security. And so, ttheyse are tthey two major tenets that have produced over tthey years a very trusted environment wtheyre consumers and developers come togettheyr and consumers can trust tthey developers on tthey developers and tthey apps or what ttheyy say ttheyy are and tthey developers get a huge audience to sell ttheyir software to. And so, that’s sort of number one on our list. Everything else is a distant second. And so, what we’re doing is working to explain tthey decisions that we’ve made that are key to keeping tthey privacy and security ttheyre, which is to not have sideloading and not have alternate ways on tthey iPhone, wtheyre it opens up tthey iPhone to unreviewed apps and also get by tthey privacy restrictions that we put on tthey App Store. And so, we’re very, very focused in discussing tthey privacy and security elements of tthey App Store with tthey regulators and legislators. Operator We’ll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt Great. Thank you, guys. And I just have two quick questions, one big picture, ttheyoretical. So, you covered tthey supply chain in pretty extensive detail on tthey call. But maybe just a bigger picture on how you’re thinking about it philosophically given what you just sort of went through over tthey last 12 to 8 months. So, what I mean by that, is ttheyre sort of a recalibration needed or an adjustment around your supply chain philosophy eittheyr from a partner perspective or maybe a regional perspective? And how do you think about tthey current infrastructure and its ability to sort of rebound and sort of handle sort of ttheyse disruptions that seem to crop up from time to time? And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. I don’t see a fundamental error that we’ve made, if that’s what you’re picking out, in terms of creating tthey environment that we’re in. It was created for a number of reasons. Tthey pandemic came along. Some people in tthey industry and some people outside tthey industry thought that tthey pandemic would reduce demand. Ttheyy pulled ttheyir orders down. Things reset. And what really happened was demand went up and went up even more than a straight trend would predict. And so, tthey industry is working through that now. I’m making it little overly simplistic. Ttheyre’s some ottheyr things like yields and things like that that are happening as well. But, those things are mainly manageable in tthey course of time. And so, what we’re doing is working with our partners on making sure that ttheyy have supply that we need and making sure that our demand statements are accurate as we see ttheym and so forth. And at tthey same time, we are reducing our lead times and cycle times, so that wtheyn you get a chip off a fab that as quickly as possible, it’s in a product and shipping and also theylping tthey fab partners increase ttheyir yields. And so, those things are things that we’re doing. We also support tthey CHIPS Act and investment ttheyre to put more investment in tthey ground. And so, we’re spending some time advocating for tthey CHIPS Act as well. David Vogt Great. And that’s theylpful. And I didn’t mean to implicate that you guys had messed up, just maybe came off that way. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Wtheyn you think about purchasing devices ratably, you touctheyd on that earlier. But maybe can you just touch on tthey partnerships that you have with carriers and tthey support that ttheyy have given you over tthey last couple of years. Now, it’s been a key component of your success, tthey tight relationships that you have globally. Do you think sort of ttheir business model, as it’s currently sort of put togettheyr globally, is sort of a permanent structure, meaning carriers are going to be integral part of driving demand for iPhones, or is ttheyre a sense that maybe it’s a little bit more transitory depending on tthey part of tthey cycle that we’re in? Tim Cook I think that 5G has provided a once in a decade kind of upgrade potential, and it’s a multiyear kind of thing. It’s not a one year and done. And I think that we’re motivated ttheyre. Tthey carrier is motivated ttheyre. We have mutual interest and tthey customer benefits hugely from getting a new 5G phone that has 5G and a number of ottheyr features in it, too. And so, I think everybody is aligned on purpose. Tthey model that you paint is -- I wouldn’t call it a global model because ttheyre are different variations around tthey world depending upon tthey country. But, in general, I think that tthey marriage, if you will, or partnership between Apple and tthey carrier channel has never been stronger and that it’s on very solid footing. Operator So, we’ll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Krish Sankar I had two of ttheym, too. And Tim, I will give you a reprieve from tthey supply chain questions. I had two on services. Tthey first one is on your new ATT, tthey ad tracking transparency feature, and all tthey theyadlines that have gone recently, I’m kind of curious. Tthey feedback you’ve seen or received from your advertisers and users and how it has also impacted search ads your own ad business. Can you let us know tthey feedback? And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Tthey feedback from customers is overwtheylmingly positive. Customers appreciate having tthey option of wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to be tracked or not. And so, ttheyre’s an outpouring of customer satisfaction ttheyre on tthey customer side. And tthey reason that we did ttheir is that -- as you know, if you followed us for a while, we believe strongly that privacy is a basic human right and we believe that for decades, not just in tthey last year or so. And we’ve theirtorically rolled out more and more features over time for -- to place tthey decision of wtheyttheyr to share data and what data to share in tthey hands of tthey user wtheyre we believe that it belongs. We don’t think that’s Apple’s role to decide, and we don’t think that’s anottheyr company’s role to decide but rattheyr tthey individual who owns tthey data itself. And so, that’s our motivation ttheyre. Ttheyre’s no ottheyr motivation. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it, Tim. And that’s a very fair characterization. Thank you for that. And ttheyn, as a quick follow-up, I’m just kind of curious, on tthey mobile gaming in your App Store, ttheyre have been some recent actions by certain governments to limit game time. Kind of curious how that affects your App Store business in those geographies. And is ttheyre a way you can quantify that, or is it too immaterial at ttheir point? Tim Cook You mean limiting tthey time on games. Is that what you’re getting at? Krish Sankar Yes, exactly. Like you’re trying to decide to limit game time and things like that. Tim Cook It’s very difficult to measure. Yes, with tthey policy that you’re talking about for those people that don’t know is ttheyre’s a policy to restrict kids below a certain age to -- I think it’s one hour on Friday, Saturday, Sunday each. And it’s very difficult to see tthey impact of it on tthey App Store at ttheir point. Operator We’ll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Samik Chatterjee I guess, Tim, I wanted to first start off on your comment about strong demand across products. And just specific to iPhone 13, if you can give us a bit more insight about what are you seeing in terms of intent, in terms of eittheyr upgrades from tthey installed base or even switctheyrs rate too, if you can compare to iPhone 12 because some of tthey feedback we are getting is, for example, like strong switching activity in China. So just wondering if you can get a bit more granular ttheyre in terms of tthey -- what’s driving tthey demand and who is it coming from. And ttheyn, I have a follow-up, please. Tim Cook It’s so early to talk about iPhone 13 because it’s only been on tthey market for less than 30 days now. What I can tell you is going into tthey cycle, if you look at our results from last quarter, we grew on upgraders and switctheyrs in tthey double digits. And so, both were very meaningful for tthey iPhone results last quarter. And so, ttheyre’s significant momentum in iPhone. And I would clearly characterize tthey demand that we’re seeing currently as robust, as you can tell from tthey -- some of tthey quotes that we’re quoting on tthey online store. Samik Chatterjee Okay. And as a follow-up, I guess, back to tthey supply chain but I wanted to just ask more relative to cost implications ttheyre. And what we’re theyaring is not only delays but also component cost going up. So, as we look through -- as I think about ttheir upcoming cycle, how are you looking to manage component cost related theyadwinds? And is that something you’re seeing coming through tthey supply chain? Thank you. Tim Cook We’ve put our current thoughts in tthey gross margin guidance that we gave you, tthey 41.5% to 42.5%. I would tell you that we are seeing a significant increase in freight costs. And I would assume that that is pretty consistent across different companies. And so, we’re clearly seeing some inflation ttheyre. Operator We’ll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva Thank you. And I’ll ask both my questions at tthey same time. Probably tthey first one is for Tim. On tthey services revenue, much better than expected. Can you give us some details about what drove that? Was it Apple Stores more open, so more AppleCare or more Apple One or Arcade or TV or Fitness? And ttheyn, probably for Luca on supply chain, wtheyn you mentioned supply chain theyadwind is going to get worse and you mentioned $6 billion ttheir quarter, ttheyre’s two ways to think about your terminology of worse. Is it tthey delta from $2 billion that you identified three months ago that went to $6 billion, so ttheyrefore, tthey delta of $4 billion gets worse, or are you just saying -- and ttheyrefore, it’s above $10 billion for December quarter. Are you just saying it just gets higtheyr than tthey $6 billion that you just identified earlier in tthey call? Tim Cook Jim, I’m going to take tthey second question that you asked, and Luca could take tthey first one on services, just in tthey reverse of tthey way you coined it. On tthey supply constraints, what we’re saying is that tthey amount of -- tthey nominal amount of supply constraints for Q1, we estimate to be larger than $6 billion. And so, it’s important to know that we’re getting a lot more supply in Q1 than we had in Q4, obviously, because our sequential growth is significant. And we have very solid growth year-over-year. And so, tthey amount of supply is growing dramatically. It’s just that tthey demand is so robust that we envision having supply constraints for tthey quarter. Luca Maestri And Jim, on services, tthey 26% growth rate that we had was better than what we were expecting at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. And it was really across tthey board. It’s difficult to single out a specific area because we set all-time records on cloud. We set all-time records across tthey board, AppleCare, Music, video, advertising, payment services, tthey App Store was a September quarter, right? So, it was strong across tthey board. Wtheyn we look at tthey services business, we always think about some fundamental factors that allow us to have good visibility over tthey sustainability of tthey business, right? Tthey fact that tthey installed base continues to grow, that’s obviously a positive. Tthey fact that tthey number of people that are actually paying on tthey platform continues to grow double digits. And so, that obviously increases our opportunity. Tthey number of subscriptions that we have on tthey platform, we mentioned during tthey call, 745 million paid subs right now. It’s an increase of 160 million versus just 12 months ago, right? And obviously, tthey fact that we continue to launch new services, new offerings within tthey services that we already have, new features, that obviously gives us a lot of momentum going forward. We’re very fortunate we have a very -- now it’s a very large business, $68 billion in tthey last 12 months and very diversified. We sell a lot of different services and our customers seem to really enjoy tthey experience that ttheyy have on tthey platform. Operator We’ll take our next question from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Chris Caso For my first question, it’s a question about your ability to recapture sales that you weren’t able to fill in Q4, Q1 and Q2. And you have some experience in that from last year wtheyn tthey iPhone, not all tthey models launctheyd at tthey same time and some are late, and you did recapture some of that as you went past tthey holidays. Do you think that we should expect similar behavior ttheir year? And ttheyn, with that also is, will all product categories behave similarly? Meaning that are tthey some product categories wtheyre if you missed tthey holidays, you just missed tthey sale. Tim Cook I think ttheyre are some products that people buy as gifts that if it’s not ttheyre that it’s perishable. But I think that we have a lot of products as well that people will wait for and would expect those to be captured in a different time period. So, it’s a combination for ttheir certain quarter, tthey holiday quarter, I believe. Chris Caso Okay. As a follow-up, could you speak to iPhone mix? And one of tthey things we noted is that tthey delivery time for all iPhones are a bit long because of tthey constraints. Ttheyy’re a bit longer on tthey Pro and tthey Max. Is that a function of supply or demand or perhaps both? And again, I would imagine you have a little better handle on that ttheir year, given that all tthey phones were launctheyd at tthey same time. Tim Cook Yes. It’s really too early to make comments on mix at ttheir point because it has been -- we have been in a constrained environment. So, tthey mix becomes more obvious, once supply and demand are balanced. Operator We’ll take our next question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Yes. Hey, guys, first of all, a great job managing to tthey supply constraints. It’s obviously affecting everybody. So congratulations. And ttheyn Tim, one for you, a strategic question. Wtheyn Apple thinks about strategic areas that as a company that we own, for example, software is a high priority, but you’re also one of tthey largest semiconductor companies if tthey company would stand alone. So, curious about tthey kind of input that -- thinking that goes into owning some piece of technology. For example, wtheyn we survey people, ttheyy say batteries and screens are very important. So, why doesn’t Apple -- for example, what causes Apple from looking at areas like that? Tim Cook We look at ones wtheyre we believe we can make a substantial difference and have a level of differentiation. And so, we’ve put a lot of energy in tthey silicon space because we have felt that we could design and develop products that we could not if we were in tthey -- just buying what’s available on tthey commercial market. And as you can see, more recently, we made that call on tthey Mac as well and have shifted to our own chips ttheyre. And so, it really depends on wtheyttheyr we see a way to do something that’s differentiated or not. And I wouldn’t want to rule anything out. It’s more of wtheyttheyr or not we see our way clear to doing something that is materially better. We feel like we’ve done that in tthey chip area. Harsh Kumar And ttheyn, I’ve got one for Luca. I want to go back to a question that Amit asked earlier in tthey call about tthey gross margin. So, wtheyn I look at tthey September quarter, services obviously grew much faster than tthey product business, margin was down and same thing for December. But I think you’re effectively saying that ttheyre’s a lot of new product launctheys. Would that not go into OpEx, for example, marketing, et cetera, as opposed to COGS, or is ttheyre something that maybe needs to be clarified theyre? Luca Maestri Ttheyre is -- certainly, obviously, that we have launch expenses in marketing and advertising, of course, wtheyn we launch new products. But, tthey reality, what happens, we always make our products better and which means adding new technology and new features to tthey product. So, typically, wtheyn you move from one generation of products to tthey next one, tthey cost structures tend to be higtheyr, particularly at tthey beginning of tthey cycle. And so, wtheyn you make that transition, ttheyre is always some level of margin compression from tthey transition to a new product. Tthey ottheyr aspect that you need to think about is tthey fact that tthey December quarter is tthey holiday season, and so tthey percentage of products business that we have in tthey holiday quarter is higtheyr than what we have in tthey September quarter, for example. And ttheyrefore, as you know, because tthey services margins are higtheyr than tthey products margin. Ttheyre’s also a mix between tthey products and services business that plays into tthey gross margins for tthey Company, right? And that’s what you see as you move sequentially from September to December. Operator We’ll theyar next from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan I had a question about -- broadly about pricing of new products. Ttheir year, Apple launctheyd tthey iPhone 13 at a slightly lower price than wtheyre tthey 12 was launctheyd last year in China. Can you maybe theylp us think through what are some of tthey things that you look at in deciding that? And is that an action that you could take more broadly in ottheyr regions? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook We look at a variety of things, including our costs, including competition, including local conditions and exchange rates and a number of different things. And so, ttheyre’s not a -- ttheyre’s no formula for determining it. It’s done by a level of judgment looking at a number of different points -- data points. And we do that region by region. Wamsi Mohan But, we shouldn’t, as investors, think of that as something structural that you intend to use to flex demand curves more globally? Tim Cook It’s something we’ve always done. And so, it’s not something that is new to ttheir year and ttheir cycle. Wamsi Mohan Okay. And as a follow-up, you’ve introduced a lot of new services over tthey past few years, and ttheyse have become a much more important part of tthey Apple story. Can you maybe share eittheyr some metrics on some of tthey new Services like TV+ in terms of paid subs? And how are you measuring tthey success of ttheyse investments? Tim Cook Well, we look at a number of things internally that we don’t share externally. And so, you can bet that we’re looking at subs and ARPUs and conversions and churn and all of tthey normal things you would look at with a subscription business. But, we’re not going to get into sharing those on an individual service basis. What we’re trying to do is give you visibility to tthey aggregate number of subscriptions that we’ve had, which Luca covered earlier with tthey 745 million across both Apple branded and third party. And so, we’re giving you an aggregated view of it instead of tthey -- at tthey individual service level. But, you can bet that we’re managing it at tthey individual service level. Tejas Gala Thank you, Wamsi. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7141415. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. We appreciate your participation.