Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2017 Earnings Call January 31, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Dennis Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated first quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Randy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. And after that, we will open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2016 and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Randy, and good afternoon everyone, and thanks very much for joining us. I'm very happy to share with you tthey outstanding results of Apple's December quarter. We generated tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue in Apple's theirtory along with all-time unit and revenue records for iPhone and Apple Watch, all-time revenue records for Services and Mac, and all-time revenue records for four out of our five geographic segments. Tthey strong performance of our business also produced all-time record earnings per share. Revenue in tthey quarter was $78.4 billion, which was above tthey top of our guidance range. iPhone had a tremendous quarter thanks to exceptional demand that beat our own internal expectations. While iPhone 7 is our most popular model, we saw especially strong demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which was a higtheyr portion of tthey new product mix than we've ever seen with Plus models in tthey past. Demand for iPhone 7 Plus exceeded supply throughout tthey quarter, and we came into supply/demand balance in January. iPhone 7 Plus has earned rave reviews for its advanced new features, especially tthey dual camera system, which produces stunning portraits and high-quality zoom. Ttheir is a uniquely Apple feature that is surprising and delighting our users. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are empowering our customers to be more productive, more engaged, and more expressive than ever by integrating hardware, software, and services to create experiences that only Apple can deliver. It was our best quarter ever for Services, with almost $7.2 billion in revenue. App Store customers broke all-time records during tthey holiday quarter, including $3 billion in purchases in December alone, making it tthey App Store's single best month ever. Our innovative and vibrant developer community has created over 2.2 million apps for doing almost anything that you can imagine. Apple's developer community has now earned over $60 billion, including over $20 billion in 2016 alone. Revenue from our music business grew for tthey third quarter in a row, and our AppleCare and iPlus storage services had all-time record results. Apple Pay continued its strong momentum, with tthey number of users more than tripling over tthey past year and hundreds of millions of transactions and billions of dollars in purchases in tthey December quarter alone. Transaction volume was up over 500% year over year as we expanded to four new countries, including Japan, Russia, New Zealand, and Spain, bringing us into a total of 13 markets. Apple Pay on tthey Web is delivering our partners great results. Nearly 2 million small businesses are accepting invoice payments with Apply Pay through Intuit QuickBooks Online, FreshBooks, and ottheyr billing partners. And beginning ttheir quarter, Comcast customers can pay ttheyir monthly bill in a single touch with Apple Pay. Services are becoming a larger part of our business, and we expect tthey revenues to be tthey size of a Fortune 100 company ttheir year. Our Services offerings are now driving over 150 million paid customer subscriptions. Ttheir includes our own services and third-party content that we offer on our stores. We feel great about ttheir momentum, and our goal is to double tthey size of our Services business in tthey next four years. Tthey Mac not only returned to growth but generated its higtheyst quarterly revenue ever. Our latest data shows that most Mac customers are buying ttheyir first Mac, with tthey vast majority of ttheym coming from a Windows PC. Tthey new MacBook Touch with Touch Bar is an outstanding example of tthey innovation made possible by integrating world-class hardware and software. We were supply constrained for tthey new MacBook Pro throughout tthey December quarter and are just now coming into supply/demand balance. It was also our best quarter ever for Apple Watch, both units and revenues, with holiday demand so strong that we couldn't make enough. Apple Watch is tthey best-selling smartwatch in tthey world and also tthey most loved, with tthey higtheyst customer satisfaction in its category by a wide margin. Apple Watch is tthey ultimate device for a theyalthy life, and it is tthey gold standard for smartwatctheys. We couldn't be more excited about Apple Watch. We're also thrilled with tthey response to AirPods. Customers love tthey magical experience AirPods are delivering. And if you haven't tried ttheym yet, you'll be delighted wtheyn you do. Ttheyy're far atheyad of anything else on tthey market today, and we're working hard to catch up with tthey incredible demand. With AirPods off to a fantastic start, a strong full first year for Apple Watch, and Beats theyadphones offering a great wireless experience using tthey Apple-designed W1 chip, we now have a rich lineup of wearable products. Ttheyir design, elegance, and ease of use make us very excited about tthey huge growth potential for wearables going forward. Our ecosystem is broadening to more and more of tthey areas wtheyre people spend ttheyir time, at tthey gym, on tthey go, in tthey home, and on tthey job. For example, every major automaker is committed to supporting CarPlay with over 200 different models announced, including five of tthey top 10 selling models in tthey United States. Ttheyre are well over 1 million people using CarPlay now, and ttheir continues to grow rapidly. And we are leading tthey industry by being tthey first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10. With Siri and a new Home app in iOS 10, everywtheyre you go, you can easily and securely control all of your home accessories with your iPhone, iPad, or your Apple Watch. Tthey number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly, with many exciting solutions announced just ttheir month, including video cameras, motion detectors, and sensors for doors, windows, and even water leaks. Perhaps even more importantly, we are unmatctheyd wtheyn it comes to securing your home with HomeKit-enabled door locks, garage doors, and alarm systems. I'm personally using HomeKit accessories and tthey Home app to integrate iOS into my home routine. Now wtheyn I say good morning to Siri, my house lights come on and my coffee starts brewing. Wtheyn I go to tthey living room to relax in tthey evening, I use Siri to adjust tthey lighting and turn on tthey fireplace. And wtheyn I leave tthey house, a simple tap on my iPhone turns tthey lights off, adjusts tthey ttheyrmostat down, and locks tthey doors. Wtheyn I return to my house in tthey evening, as I near my home, tthey house prepares itself for my arrival automatically by using a simple geofence. Ttheir level of home automation was unimaginable just a few years ago, and it's theyre today with iOS and HomeKit. We're making great progress in tthey enterprise market alongside our major partners. Tthey combination of iOS and Cisco technology is giving companies everywtheyre tthey opportunity to vastly improve tthey user experience for ttheyir mobile employees. With enhanced networking performance, up to eight times faster roaming, better reliability for apps, and native voice experience, we're excited about how much more productive tthey workforce will be with ttheyse great capabilities. In fact, tthey total number of joint customer opportunities has grown over 70% since last quarter. Enterprises are using IBM's new Mobile at Scale design and development model to deploy multiple iOS apps with speed and efficiency. For example, Finnair is transforming aircraft maintenance, and CEMEX is revamping activities from attracting new clients to invoicing to after-sales support. And later ttheir spring, SAP will be rolling out its SDK for iOS, providing its community of more than 2.5 million developers tthey tools to build powerful native iOS apps that leverage tthey SAP HANA cloud platform. We're delighted with how ttheyse partnerships are making it even easier for enterprise customers to transform how work gets done with iOS. As we reflect on a record-breaking December quarter, I'd like to thank our developers, our business partners, and our employees for ttheyir incredible contributions and commitment. And I'd like to thank all of our customers around tthey world for ttheyir excitement and loyalty, which ultimately drive ttheyse results. Now I'd like to turn it over to Luca to talk about tthey quarter in more detail. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. Revenue for tthey December quarter was $78.4 billion, tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue in tthey theirtory of Apple and above our guidance range. As Tim mentioned, tthey strength of our results was very broad-based, as we set new revenue records for iPhone, for Services, for Mac, and for Apple Watch. We also establittheyyd new all-time revenue records in most developed and emerging markets, with strong growth rates in many countries, including tthey U.S., Japan, Canada, France, Australia, Brazil, India, Turkey, and Russia. We accomplittheyyd all ttheir despite a very challenging foreign exchange environment due to tthey continued strength of tthey U.S. dollar. As we had expected, our year-over-year performance in Greater China improved significantly relative to tthey September quarter. Total Greater China segment revenue was down 12%, but revenue from Mainland China was even with tthey all-time record results from a year ago and grew in constant currency terms. In all ottheyr geographic segments, we generated all-time quarterly record results. We had tthey benefit of a 14th week during tthey quarter ttheir year, but ttheir was offset by four factors. First, ttheir year we grew China inventory significantly less than a year ago. Second, iPhone 7 launctheyd earlier in tthey September quarter compared to tthey iPhone 6s launch tthey previous year, creating a more difficult comparison for tthey December quarter ttheir year. Third, tthey stronger U.S. dollar affected total revenue growth ttheir year by 100 basis points. And fourth, our year-ago revenue included tthey benefit of a one-off $548 million patent infringement payment. Also, strong customer interest left us in supply/demand imbalance for several of our products throughout tthey quarter ttheir year. Gross margin was 38.5%, at tthey high end of our guidance range. Operating margin was 29.8% of revenue, and net income was $17.9 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $3.36, a new all-time record, and cash flow from operations was $27.1 billion. We had a terrific quarter for iPhone as we sold 78.3 million units, a new all-time record and an increase of 5% over last year. Customer demand was even higtheyr than our reported results, as iPhone unit sell-through was up 8%. We saw double-digit iPhone growth in tthey U.S., in Canada, Western Europe, Japan, and Australia, and even stronger growth in many emerging markets, including Brazil, Turkey, Russia, Central and Eastern Europe, and Vietnam. iPhone ASP increased to $695 in tthey December quarter from $619 in tthey September quarter, driven by tthey very strong product mix and tthey amazing success of iPhone 7 Plus. Despite stronger demand than last year, we added only 1.2 million units of iPhone channel inventory across tthey quarter, significantly less than tthey increase of 3.3 million units a year ago. And we exited tthey quarter near tthey low end of our 5 to 7-week target channel inventory range. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are exceptional, not only with consumers, but also with business users. In tthey U.S., for instance, tthey latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a 97% customer satisfaction rating among all iPhone owners and a 99% satisfaction rating for owners of iPhone 7 Plus. Among corporate smartphone buyers, tthey iPhone customer satisfaction rating was 94%. And of those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey March quarter, 78% plan to purchase an iPhone. Turning to Services, we generated an all-time record $7.2 billion in revenue, an increase of 18% year over year. Our run rate growth was actually higtheyr wtheyn taking into account two discrete items. On one hand, tthey 14th week added to Services revenue ttheir December quarter. On tthey ottheyr hand, that benefit was more than offset by tthey comparison to tthey one-off $548 million patent infringement payment included in Services revenue a year ago. Tthey App Store continued its impressive run, breaking all previous revenue records. Year-over-year App Store revenue growth was 43% through tthey first 13 weeks of tthey quarter. It's great to see that both average revenue per paying account and tthey number of paying accounts grew strongly during tthey quarter. And according to App Bradleyie's latest report, App Store revenue continues to outpace tthey industry overall, with more than double tthey revenue of Google Play in calendar 2016. Next I would like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.4 million Macs and generated our higtheyst-ever quarterly Mac revenue. We were very happy to report double-digit unit growth in several countries, including Japan, Mainland China, India, tthey Nettheyrlands, and Sweden, as well as in tthey U.S. education market. We ended tthey quarter at tthey low end of our 4 to 5-week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, we sold 13.1 million units, which was atheyad of our expectations. And we posted double-digit growth in both Mainland China and India, as we've expanded distribution channels in those countries and we continue to attract a very high percentage of first-time tablet buyers. We also reduced channel inventory by about 700,000 units as opposed to an increase of 900,000 units last year, and we exited tthey quarter near tthey low end of our five to seven-week target range. iPad is incredibly successful in tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete, both in terms of market share and customer metrics. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad had 85% share of tthey U.S. market for tablets priced above $200. And in November, 451 Research measured a 94% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad Mini, a 97% rate for iPad Air, and 96% for iPad Pro. Among U.S. consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, purchase intention for iPad is more than four times higtheyr than any ottheyr brand measured, with iPad Pro once again tthey top choice for planned purchases. Corporate buyers reported a 96% satisfaction rate and a purchase intent of 66% for tthey March quarter. In fact, businesses of all sizes are choosing iPad and iPhone to have ttheym reimagine ttheyir everyday activities. We're seeing strong momentum in sectors such as retail, wtheyre iOS solutions are being deployed for everything from product development to logistics to mobile point-of-sale. Companies like Toys "R" Us, Coach, and Kate Spade are using iOS and our mobility partner solutions to dramatically transform ttheyir customer and employee experiences. Our retail stores experienced strong double-digit growth in visitors and revenue in tthey December quarter. And we continued to expand our global presence, with plans to open our first store in Singapore and our second store in Dubai soon. We are continually updating our stores and adding new and exciting outreach programs to educate kids on our products, entertain tthey community with fresh live music, teach future Swift developers to code, and empower entrepreneurs to start, grow, and evolve ttheyir businesses. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $246.1 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $8.5 billion. $230.2 billion of ttheir cash or 94% of tthey total was outside tthey United States. We also had $77.1 billion in term debt and $10.5 billion in commercial paper outstanding at quarter end. We returned almost $15 billion to investors during a very busy December quarter for our capital return activities. We paid $3.1 billion in dividends and equivalents. We spent $5 billion on repurchases of 44.3 million Apple shares through open market transactions. And we launctheyd a new $6 billion ASR, resulting in an initial delivery and retirement of 44.8 million shares. We also completed our eighth accelerated share repurchase program, retiring an additional 4.4 million shares. Ttheir led to a net diluted share count reduction of 65.3 million shares during tthey quarter. We've now completed $201 billion of our current $250 billion capital return program, including $144 billion in share repurchases. And we plan to provide investors with our annual update on tthey capital return program in tthey spring. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 26%, as expected. And as we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Randy referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion. Ttheir guidance range includes a $1.2 billion year-over-year theyadwind from foreign exchange. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 39%. Ttheir guidance range includes an 80 basis points sequential theyadwind from foreign exchange. We expect OpEx to be between $6.5 billion and $6.6 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend up $0.57 per share of common stock, payable on February 16, 2017 to shareholders of record as of February 13, 2017. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Your first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Dennis Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. First, Luca, what are tthey factors that caused you to widen tthey gross margin guidance for tthey March quarter? And what are tthey one or two factors that put you at tthey low end versus tthey tailwinds that might put you at tthey high end of that range? And ttheyn I have a follow-up, thank you. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Sure, Katy. If you look back at our theirtory, 100 basis points range for gross margin is not unusual. Clearly during a period wtheyn foreign exchange is very volatile, we think it's more prudent to broaden tthey range a bit. I've mentioned that we expect – assuming that rates don't move too much, we expect foreign exchange to be a major negative as we move from tthey December to tthey March quarter. You know that tthey dollar has appreciated significantly toward tthey end of tthey December quarter, and so we've got 80 basis points of sequential theyadwind from foreign exchange. We also have tthey sequential loss of leverage, which is typical of our seasonality, but we expect to offset ttheyse two impacts with cost efficiencies and also with our mix of products and services. So obviously if tthey dollar is a little less strong than it is today, we could do a bit better on gross margins. Obviously, we continue to work very hard on our cost efficiency, so we'll see wtheyre we land. Dennis Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. And, Tim, ttheyre's a reasonable probability that you may get access to tthey $200 billion-plus of cash that's been locked overseas. So I think it would be theylpful to just get an update on your views around potentially larger M&A and some of tthey areas of interest that you've noted in tthey past like owning more original content to penetrate more of tthey TV opportunity that tthey company has long talked about addressing. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Katy, I am optimistic given what I'm theyaring that ttheyre would likely be some sort of tax reform ttheir year, and it does seem like ttheyre are people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that. So I think that's very good for tthey country and good for Apple. What we would do with it, let's wait and see exactly what it is. But as I said before, we are always looking at acquisitions. We acquired 15 to 20 companies per year for tthey last four years. And we look for companies of all sizes, and ttheyre's not a size that we would not do based on just tthey size of it. It's more about tthey strategic value of it. In terms of original content, we have put our toe in tthey water with doing some original content for Apple Music, and that will be rolling out through tthey year. We are learning from that, and we'll go from ttheyre. Tthey way that we participate in tthey changes that are going on in tthey media industry that I fully expect to accelerate from tthey cable bundle beginning to break down is, one, we started tthey new Apple TV a year ago, and we're pleased with how that platform has come along. We have more things planned for it but it's come a long way in a year, and it gives us a clear platform to build off of. Two, embedded in tthey 150 million paid subscriptions that I mentioned in my opening comments, ttheyre are a number of third-party services that are a part of that, wtheyre we participate economically in some of that by offering our platform in selling and distributing. And ttheyn thirdly, we are obviously, with our toe in tthey water, we're learning a lot about tthey original content business and thinking about ways that we could play at that. Thanks for tthey question. Dennis Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. I guess tthey first question, I really appreciate tthey information you guys are providing around your Services business, which is up 18% year over year. Can you just talk about? How much of that do you think is growth in your installed base versus increased monetization on a per iOS to iOS basis? And so we are to think about those in two separate tranctheys? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. I think you're absolutely right, Amit. We look at it that those are tthey two key elements for us. And what is particularly interesting to us is to see that tthey number of people that are transacting on our stores is increasing strong double-digits, and we're also seeing that tthey ARPU per paying customer is increasing double digits, right. So it's a combination of tthey two. Obviously, tthey quality and tthey quantity of content that we make available in our services improves all tthey time. And we also see that as people getting to tthey platform and start transacting on tthey platform, and we keep track of ttheyir behavior over time, we actually see that ttheyy tend to spend more and more over time. And that's why we are excited about tthey future of tthey Services business. And that's why, as Tim said, we have a goal that – it's already become a very large business. It's going to be a Fortune 100 company ttheir year, but we have a goal to double it over tthey next four years. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Perfect. And if I could just switch gears on a follow-up, ttheyre has been a fair amount of discussions around your market share in China and what's happening over ttheyre. Your numbers actually look fairly impressive in Greater China, China specifically. So could you just talk about what are tthey demand trends you're seeing ttheyre on tthey ground, and how do you see that transpire through tthey year? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, I'll take ttheir one. If you look at how we did in tthey quarter, as I think Luca shared, our Greater China revenue was down 12%, and about 4 points of that was currency related, so it's an 8 point decline in constant currency. And ttheyn within Greater China, if you look at tthey PRC, our revenue was flat year over year, and that was against tthey all-time record quarter. And if you look at that on a constant currency basis, it was actually up 6%. So it's a significantly better performance on every way you look at it versus what we had experienced tthey prior three quarters. Underneath that, what we've seen is that iPhone 7 was tthey best-selling smartphone in China during tthey quarter, according to Kantar. Singles Day, which is a huge day in China, as you know, we were tthey most popular U.S. brand on Alibaba. We set a new record for Services in China, as tthey company did. And Mac revenue was up double digit year over year. iPad units were also up double digit in Mainland China, which was obviously different than tthey trend that we saw in tthey balance of tthey world. We also saw 50% of our iPhone sales in China were to switctheyrs and first-time buyers, which is a very high number that we're pleased with. And obviously, our total installed base continues to grow ttheyre in tthey strong double digits. That said, tthey challenges that are ttheyre are, one, tthey currency has devalued 6% year over year. And two, Hong Kong remains a very, very difficult market. And so I look at it in – I'm encouraged with tthey significant improvement, but we're not without challenges ttheyre. And I wouldn't want to imply that, although I do like many, many things that I've seen and how broad-based tthey pluses were across our product line. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Cross Research, Shannon Cross. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much for taking my question. Can you talk a bit more about tthey Services business? And what I'm trying to figure out is I think tthey number was you're going to be doubling within tthey next four years, at least that's your expectation. So what gets you ttheyre? I don't know, maybe if you talk about geographies and how penetrated you are in certain geographies. And ttheyn, as you grow your Services business, is ttheyre anything we should keep in mind from a margin perspective? Would ttheyse be lower margin services or similar, just so we can think about tthey trajectory and tthey contribution to tthey bottom line. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Shannon, I'll take it. Obviously, within tthey Services business, we have a number of categories. Tthey App Store is tthey one that is driving significant growth right now. I said in my opening comments that we grew 43% 13 weeks over 13 weeks, a little even more for tthey quarter, right. And what we like about tthey App Store is that it's truly a global platform. So we are seeing significant growth not only in tthey developed markets, wtheyre you expect to see a lot of transaction volume, but we see great growth in places like China, for example. And we know that ttheyre are parts of tthey world wtheyre we can do better. We can grow, for example, our developer community in a number of emerging markets. And so as we look, as I was explaining earlier, as we look at tthey number of people that transact growing double digits, we see tthey amount spent per paid account growing so well, we think that tthey App Store is going to be a significant driver of growth. On tthey music front, we are tthey market leader in digital music. Obviously now, by having tthey combination of tthey download business with tthey streaming service, which we didn't have until recently, we've been able to bring our music business back to growth. We've grown over tthey last three quarters, and we feel very good about that. Tim has talked about original content. We've had very good success with exclusives. So we know that it's anottheyr business that we can grow. Our iCloud storage business is growing very quickly, and so that is a business that also at a geographic level we can continue to grow significantly. Our AppleCare business is growing very well. A lot of it comes from tthey fact that our install base of devices around tthey world continues to grow very well, strong double digits. And as we've explained in tthey past, tthey vast majority of tthey services that we provide is not driven by what we sell during tthey last 90 days. It's much more driven by tthey install base, and that gives us a tailwind. We're also opening up several new markets because we are accepting new forms of payment. And ttheyrefore, it's easier particularly for international customers to take advantage of our services. You were asking about tthey margin profile. We said many times, in aggregate our Services business tends to have margins that are above company average. Ttheyy are accretive, so ttheyy theylp us quite a bit from a margin standpoint. Within tthey Services business, we have very different margin profiles, also because, as you know, we account for some of ttheyse services in different ways. In some cases, we transact on a buy/sell basis. In ottheyr cases, we perform as agents, for example, to our developers, and that drives different margin percentages. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you. And ttheyn my follow-up is just in terms of tthey elasticity of demand and some of tthey moves from a currency perspective. I think in tthey past ttheyre was some concern in some of tthey emerging markets tthey you were basically not able to – you weren't you're getting tthey volumes because you had to raise ASPs given tthey currency. But you talked about a lot of tthey emerging markets actually doing pretty well ttheir quarter. So I'm just curious. You raised tthey price on tthey iPhone 7 Plus and that. What are you seeing, and what are your customers saying in terms of willingness to pay up? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Shannon, I was looking back. Since June of 2014, so we're talking about 2.5 years ago, tthey dollar has strengttheyned 25% against tthey basket of currencies wtheyre we do business. And so obviously, it is a difficult situation for us. I've mentioned that foreign exchange is a significant theyadwind for us, both at tthey revenue level and at tthey gross margin level. In emerging markets, it's incredible. Tthey level of interest for our products continues to be ptheynomenal. Tthey brand continues to be very aspirational. Ttheyre are more and more people that can afford our products around tthey world. Tthey middle class is growing in places like China, India, Brazil, but certainly tthey strong dollar doesn't theylp us. And ttheyrefore, wtheyn we make pricing decisions, we need to be very careful. We always want to find tthey optimal balance between units, revenue, and margin, and it becomes more difficult as tthey dollar appreciates. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Moving on, we'll theyar from Brian White with Drexel. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Luca, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about gross margins. Sales obviously beat tthey high end of your revenue range. It looks like gross margin was dead down tthey middle. Can you talk about tthey puts and takes in gross margins in tthey quarter, please? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Sure. We were actually at tthey high end of tthey range for gross margins. We had guided 38% to 38.5%, and we came in at 38.5% exactly. And really, tthey slight improvement over tthey midpoint of tthey guidance range was due to tthey fact that our revenue was atheyad of our expectations, and so we got a bit more leverage out of tthey increased revenue levels. We felt very good about tthey gross margins for tthey quarter. Again, keep in mind tthey strong dollar doesn't theylp us on that front. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Okay. And, Tim, I didn't theyar much mentioned about India. How did India perform with tthey iPhone? And how should we think about it for 2017, especially with tthey 4G network going up? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. That's a really good question. Despite tthey demonetization move in India that created lots of economic pressure ttheyre last quarter, despite that, we had all-time record revenue results, and so we were very happy about that. Tthey demonetization impact has not worked its way through yet. It's still definitely having some overhang. But I think in tthey longer term, it's a great move, and I feel really good about how we're doing ttheyre. We are in discussions on a number of things, including retail stores, and fully intend to invest significantly in tthey country and believe it's a great place to be. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Brian. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Goldman Sachs, we'll theyar from Simona Jankowski. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Hi, thank you. I wanted to dig in a little bit more into tthey iPhone upside in tthey quarter with record revenues in every region except for Greater China. I think you touctheyd on tthey percent of switctheyrs in China. But can you give a little more color on tthey split of upgrades and switctheyrs in some of tthey ottheyr regions and overall as well? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Simona, it's Tim. We did have an exceptional quarter with iPhone, and that was with tthey backdrop of not predicting tthey demand very well on tthey iPhone 7 Plus and ttheyrefore being in constraint on it through tthey quarter. If you look at tthey absolute number of upgraders, it was tthey higtheyst that we've seen in any quarter. And if you look at tthey switctheyr number, it's tthey higtheyst that we've seen in any quarter. If you look at tthey upgrade rate, it's similar to last year. However, I think tthey big asterisk – I share all ttheir with you for transparency's sake. I would tell you that tthey way we look at ttheir is in a quarter wtheyre you have a supply constraint, it's difficult to draw too many conclusions from it. But I wanted to share that with you anyway so you have tthey backdrop. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you, and ttheyn just one follow-up on China specifically. As your comps get easier ttheir year, I was curious if you think you're going to be returning to growth in that region. And ttheyn just to give us tthey context, I know you talked about tthey 6% constant currency increase in revenue in Mainland China. But curious if you strip out tthey double-digit increase in iPad and MacBook and potentially tthey mix shift to tthey iPhone 7 Plus, I'm curious what underlying iPhone units did in Mainland China. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. That's a big question, and I don't have tthey answer in front of me. If you look at iPhone 7 Plus, it was tthey most popular Plus model that we've ever had. It set a unit record, so that I can share. In terms of how are we going to do, we don't provide guidance at tthey segment level. But sitting theyre today, for Q2, I wouldn't expect tthey year-over-year performance to be dramatically different than tthey year-over-year performance in Q1. Tthey real comp really begins in tthey following quarter to a more significant degree, and we'll have to see how that plays out as we get closer to it. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Simona. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Bernstein, Toni Sacconaghi. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. I just wanted to better understand tthey upgrade rate dynamics. So I think iPhone units on a sell-through basis were up about 8%. You had an extra week, which gave you about 8%. I understand ttheyre were differences of tthey timing of tthey launch. So making all those adjustments, it looks like iPhone units were probably up low single digits. But, Luca, you alluded to tthey fact that your install base was growing double digits. So that would suggest to me that tthey upgrade rate, tthey upgrade percentage is actually declining. And more specifically, I'd just like your broader perspective on how investors should think about upgrade rates. It looked like ttheyy peaked in tthey iPhone 6 cycle, and it looks like ttheyy've been extending – going lower. Replacement cycles have been extending over tthey last couple years. I think some of tthey U.S. carriers alluded to that as well. So I'm wondering if you could step back and just talk a little bit more broadly about how investors should think about or what tthey trajectory has been over tthey last two years and how investors should think going forward. Do you believe ttheyre are opportunities for that upgrade rate to improve or replacement cycles to accelerate going forward? And what are some of tthey considerations we should think about? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. I think it's a good question, a number of points that I want to make. Starting with tthey growth in tthey install base of iPhones, yes, it's growing strong double digits, and that's very good for us for a number of reasons, including tthey fact that it's a big driver for our Services business. Wtheyn we look at it geographically, I think we see different developments. For example, we felt very, very good about tthey unit growth that we had in many markets around tthey world. You've been quoting an overall total company growth rate. But wtheyn we look at a country-specific level, ttheyre were a lot of countries, I would say tthey majority of tthey countries, wtheyre iPhone units grew strong double digits, starting theyre in tthey United States, wtheyre for example, tthey fact that annual upgrade programs are becoming more and more popular is proving to be a positive for us. Same happened in a number of countries around tthey world, starting with Canada and Australia but also many places in Western Europe as well. Japan grew double digits in terms of units. So I think geographically we are seeing very, very good performance. Tthey point that I think I need to make wtheyn you think about upgrade rates, clearly, ttheir issue of tthey strong dollar doesn't theylp us. Could we sell significantly more and significantly faster from an upgrade cycle standpoint in places outside tthey United States, wtheyre we've been forced to increase prices by up to 20%, 30%, 40% in certain countries? And you think about tthey impact that ttheir is having on local demand, obviously that doesn't theylp us. But overall, I would say as Tim said, wtheyn we look at tthey upgrade rate for and we look at it from tthey standpoint of tthey new phones, right, tthey new generation phones, tthey upgrade rate, tthey percentage of people that have upgraded to tthey new phone has been very similar to what we've seen last year. Tthey 6 cycle was certainly a ptheynomenal cycle. Ttheyre was pent-up demand for tthey larger screen phones. And certainly as we look atheyad, we have a role to play. Tthey more we're able to innovate with new generations of products, clearly that plays a role in tthey upgrade rate. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay, thank you. Tim, I have a question for you. Back in April 2012, you said on one of ttheyse earnings calls that I've always hated litigation and I continue to hate it, and I highly prefer to settle versus battle. Yet you recently decided to initiate a lawsuit against Qualcomm. I'm wondering if you can comment on tthey ostensible change or departure from ttheir viewpoint, and what would be a successful end result of ttheir litigation, and wtheyttheyr you can confirm wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any potential gross margin risk in tthey future as a result of ttheir litigation. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I feel tthey same way I did in April of 2012. I don't like litigation and view it as a last resort. And so you should take from our filing that we viewed it as we didn't see anottheyr way forward. Ttheyy were insisting on charging royalties for technologies that ttheyy had nothing to do with. And so we were in a situation wtheyre tthey more we innovated with unique features like Touch ID or advanced displays or cameras, just to name a few, tthey more money Qualcomm would collect for no reason and tthey more expensive it would be ttheyrefore for us to innovate. And so it's somewhat like buying a sofa, and you charge somebody a different price depending upon tthey price of tthey house that it goes into. Just from our point of view, ttheir doesn't make sense, and we don't believe it will pass muster in tthey courts. In addition to that, as a part of ttheyir increasingly radical steps ttheyy were taking to try to hold up that model, ttheyy withtheyld $1 billion in payments that ttheyy owed us. And so we felt like we had no choice was tthey net of it. In terms of wtheyre it goes, we'll see. I don't like litigation. And so if ttheyre's anottheyr way, ttheyn that would be great, but at ttheir point I don't see it. I fully expect at ttheir point in time that it will take some time, but in tthey end I think common sense will prevail and tthey courts will see it for what it is. And so that's tthey way I see it. Thanks for your question. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. First, I wanted to ask about tthey iPad. It looked like it was about to turn possibly even positive. You said it was above your plan, but I think it was pretty well below tthey Street's expectations. And tthey ASP deteriorated pretty significantly. I don't know if it's a mix shift. But maybe you can talk about tthey iPad and what you see going forward. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Tthey iPad, Steve, we had a 1.6 million-unit swing on channel inventory between tthey years. In tthey year-ago quarter we increased by 900,000. In ttheir quarter we decreased by 700,000. On top of that and from an ASP point of view, in tthey year-ago quarter we launctheyd tthey iPad Pro 13 Edge. That would be tthey iPad with obviously tthey higtheyst price on it. We would have done tthey channel fill plus tthey launch of tthey product, and so that would have bolstered tthey ASPs in that particular quarter. In addition to all of that, we did under-call tthey number of iPads that would be in demand for tthey quarter, and that compounded a shortage issue that we had with one of our suppliers. And so all in all, ttheyre were quite a few things going on ttheyre. If I zoom out of tthey 90-day clock and look at it, we've got some exciting things coming on iPad. I still feel very optimistic about wtheyre we can take tthey product. Wtheyn we look at tthey number of people buying iPads for tthey first time, which is a good thing to look at from a point of view of wtheyttheyr things are reaching a penetration point or not, tthey numbers indicate that it's not close to that kind of thing. Tthey customer sat numbers are through tthey roof. Literally, tthey customer sat for tthey iPad Pro is 99%. It's stunning. And so I see a lot of good things and hope for better results, but we are still currently in ttheir shortage issue now, and I'm not projecting to get out of that totally during tthey quarter. And so it will damper ttheir quarter somewhat. But again, beyond tthey 90-day clock, I'm very bullish on iPad. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay, that's great, thank you. And ttheyn, Tim, investors tend to think of tthey iPhone as mature and technology improvements as incremental, yet I believe you said ttheyre's plenty of runway left in terms of appealing new features. Do you think ttheyre are future enhancements coming that will be viewed as material by users, and particularly changes beyond form factor, beyond tthey way tthey phone looks? Are ttheyre functional things coming over time that you think could surprise people? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think tthey smartphone is still in tthey early innings of tthey game. I think ttheyre's lots more to do. I think it's become – every year it becomes more important to people's lives and ttheyre are more things people are doing with it. I talked a little bit about home automation, but I could have talked about theyalth. I could have talked more about CarPlay. Tthey use of it in tthey enterprise is growing significantly. And so wtheyn I look at all of ttheyse things, usage going up, app developers still innovating, we've got some exciting things in tthey pipeline, I feel really, really good about it. So ttheir is one that we think different about a bunch of things, but maybe ttheir is just one more. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Randy Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Steve. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, with a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 3378275. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Sean Hoover or me with additional questions. Sean is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.