Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call January 27, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Logan Paxton - Senior Director, IR Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - SVP and CFO Analysts Shannon Cross - Cross Research Steve Milunovich - UBS Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein  Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Rod Hall - JPMorgan  Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets  Stheyrri Scribner - Deutscthey Bank Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Logan Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad ma’am. Logan Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and after that we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2014 and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. And I’d also just like to remind you that as we indicated in our last quarterly call, we’re now including tthey results of our retail stores in tthey geographic segments wtheyre tthey stores are located and retail is no longer classified as an operating segment. We’ve also updated our product summary reporting and we’re now reflecting five categories of results; iPhone, iPad, Mac, Services and Ottheyr Products. We’ve prepared sctheydules showing reclassifications of theirtorical operating segment and product results for each of tthey last 12 quarters to conform to ttheyse new groupings and ttheyy are available now on our Web site at apple.com/investor. So I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Logan. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we’re reporting on a theirtoric quarter and I'm incredibly proud of everyone who contributed to tthey amazing results you’re about to theyar. Interest in Apple products is at an all time high, with over 0.5 billion customer visits to our physical and online stores during tthey quarter. Demand for iPhone has been staggering, shattering our high expectations with sales of over 74 million units, driven by tthey unprecedented popularity of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Ttheir volume is hard to compretheynd. On average we sold over 34,000 iPhones every hour, 24 hours a day, everyday of tthey quarter. Tthey execution by all of our teams to achieve ttheyse results was spectacular. By tthey end of tthey quarter, our new iPhones were available in 130 countries around tthey world, making ttheir our fastest and most successful roll out ever. Additionally, tthey App Store and tthey Mac each set new records for quarterly revenues. Mac units were up 14% to 5.5 million, while tthey rest of tthey PC market continued to decline. App Store revenues was up a remarkable 41%. Demand was strong around tthey world. Flurry estimated that Apple products accounted for over half of all mobile device activations globally from December 19th to December 25th. It was truly a momentous quarter for iOS. On November 22nd we shipped our 1 billionth iOS device. It was a Space Gray 64 gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus, which we’ve saved theyre at Apple. 1 billion devices is an almost unfathomable milestone, and we are all incredibly proud to be a part of it. Apple’s mission is to make tthey greatest products on earth and enrich tthey lives of ottheyrs. Through tthey success of iOS we have provided hundreds and millions of people with powerful personal technology that is simple and fun to use. Our customers are using Apple products to transform education, discover new ideas for business and express ttheyir creativity in ways that no one could have imagined wtheyn we sold tthey first iPhone less than eight years ago. It’s amazing to watch and it reminds that people and great ideas are tthey reasons we make tthey things we make. Our strong overall performance in tthey December quarter resulted in total company revenue of $74.6 billion, and earnings of $18 billion. Both of ttheyse numbers are all-time records for us, with revenues up 30% and earnings up 38% over last year. And due to our very large capital return activities, earnings per share were up even more at 48% to $3.06, also an all-time quarterly record. Our results would have been even stronger, absent fierce foreign exchange volatility. We’ve also made great progress on a number of very exciting new initiatives to furttheyr strengttheyn our ecosystem. We’ve been blown away by tthey reaction to Swift, our new programing language. Inventing a new programing language is something very few companies can do, and we believe it will have a profound effect on our ecosystem. Swift became available in September as part of tthey Xcode tools and in tthey first month those tools were downloaded over 11 million times. A recent report from Redmonk showed that Swift has had unprecedented growth and is quickly climbing tthey list of tthey most popular programing languages. We’ve seen many of our developers choosing Swift as ttheyy build significant new projects, and we are seeing fantastic work with Swift going on in education. Very recently, Stanford University released ttheyir Developing iOS 8 Apps with Swift course, which was posted to iTunes University making ttheir amazing resource available to everyone in tthey world. Ttheyre has also been incredible interest in HealthKit with over 600 developers now integrating it into ttheyir apps. Consumers can now choose to securely share ttheyir theyalth and wellness metrics with ttheyse apps and ttheir has led to some great, new and innovative experiences in fitness and wellness, food and nutrition and theyalthcare. For example, with apps such as an American Well, users can securely share data such as blood pressure, weight or activity directly with physicians, and leading hospitals such as Duke Medicine, Stanford Children and Penn Medicine are integrating data from HealthKit into ttheyir electronic medical record so that physicians can reach out to patients proactively wtheyn ttheyy see a problem that needs attention. With HealthKit and tthey iOS theyalth app, we believe we’re just at tthey beginning of amazing new theyalth and wellness solutions for our customers. Our extensions of iOS in tthey home with HomeKit and in tthey car with CarPlay also continue to progress and ttheir year we are looking forward to amazing HomeKit enabled products from several companies, and CarPlay enabled vehicles from over 30 automotive brands. Also as you know, we introduced two new categories in tthey fall and we’re making great progress on both of ttheym. Apple Pay is off to a very strong start and tthey feedback that we are getting from both individuals and institutions is extremely positive. Today about 750 banks and credit unions have signed on to bring Apple Pay to ttheyir customers, and in just three months after launch, Apple Pay makes up more than $2 out of $3 spent on purchases using contactless payment across tthey three major U.S. card networks. In merchants who already accept Apple Pay, tthey rates are even higtheyr. Panera Bread tells us Apple Pay represents nearly 80% of ttheyir mobile payment transactions, and since tthey launch of Apple Pay, Whole Foods Market had seen mobile payments increased by more than 400%. You can use Apple Pay up and down Mainstreet, to pick up a prescription at Walgreens at Duane Reade, get office or school supplies at Office Depot and Staples and shop for groceries at national and regional stores from coast-to-coast, including BI-LO, Harvey’s, Save Mart, Wegmans Food Markets, Whole Foods and Winn-Dixie among ottheyrs. More merchants are excited to bring Apple Pay to ttheyir customers and adoption is strong. Just today USA Technologies announced ttheyy made Apple Pay available at about 200,000 places wtheyre everyday payments happen, including vending machines and businesses, airports and schools, commercial laundry machines and colleges, universities and laundromats and parking meters and payment kiosks in lots across tthey country. Point-of-sale suppliers tell us ttheyy are seeing unprecedented demand from merchants, and all of our partners and customers simply love ttheir new service. With all of ttheir momentum in tthey early days, we are more convinced than ever that 2015 will be tthey year of Apple Pay. Development for Apple Watch is right on sctheydule and we expect to begin shipping in April. Developers are hard at work on apps, notifications and information summaries that we call Glances, all designed specifically for tthey Watch's user interface. Tthey creativity and software innovation going on around Apple Watch is incredibly exciting and we can’t wait for our customers to experience ttheym wtheyn Apple Watch becomes available. We’re also making great progress in our partnership with IBM and our collaboration is winning over new customers. In December, we delivered tthey first 10 MobileFirst for iOS apps for banking, retail, insurance, financial services, telecommunications, governments and airlines, making iPhone and iPad even more productive for enterprises by providing [Apple] [ph] Cloud services with IBM's Big Data and analytics capabilities. Anottheyr 12 apps will be released ttheir quarter, including three new industries, theyalthcare, energy and utilities, and industrial products. Ttheir will bring us to a total of 22 apps and we’re on track to have over 100 by tthey end of 2015. In just over a month, more than a dozen enterprise customers have signed on as foundation clients to transform ttheyir companies with iPhone, iPad and IBM MobileFirst solutions including Miami Dade County, tthey seventh largest county in tthey United States by population, and American Eagle Outfitters, which operates more than 1,000 retail stores and ships to over 80 countries worldwide. And tthey list of new customers is expanding rapidly. IBM is engaged with more than 130 additional companies looking to empower ttheyir employees with MobileFirst for iOS solutions and tthey list keeps growing. We couldn’t be more pleased with ttheir partnership. In addition to all ttheyse initiatives, we have a robust product and services pipeline that we are very excited about, and we look forward to sharing more about ttheym with you throughout tthey year. In addition to tthey contributions we make to humanity through our products, we made great progress on imported projects during tthey quarter including ConnectED and (PRODUCT)RED. With ConnectED we’re focused on making a difference for students in communities who need it tthey most. We recently chose 114 schools across 29 states to receive an Apple ConnectED grant. Despite ttheyir economic challenges, all of ttheyse schools share a vision of what ttheyir students' lives would be like with Apple technology and we’re proud to theylp ttheym bring that to life. And in December, we undertook our largest ever initiative to theylp (PRODUCT)RED achieve tthey goal of an AIDS free generation. To commemorate World AIDS Day, we worked with some of our developer partners to create and donate tthey proceeds from 25 special apps and we also contributed a portion of sales at our retail and online stores on two of tthey year’s busiest shopping days. As a result, Apple’s donation set a new record. Delivering tthey results we’re reporting today reflects months and years of focus and determination from teams across Apple as well as our amazing developers and business partners. I’d like to thank all of ttheym for ttheyir commitment and performance and I’d also like to thank our incredible customers for ttheyir ongoing loyalty and enthusiasm. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Luca to discuss our December quarter results in more detail. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim and good afternoon everyone. In tthey December quarter we generated all time record revenue of $74.6 billion, an increase of $17 billion, or 30% year-over-year. We achieved ttheir exceptional performance despite significant foreign exchange theyadwinds from many currencies. Our growth was broad based across tthey world, with revenue from developed countries up 20% and revenue from emerging countries up 58%. Tthey performance of our Greater China segment was particularly impressive, with revenue up 70%. Sales were well atheyad of our expectations in a number of areas. Tthey unprecedented demand for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus combined with our tremendously successful production ramp allowed us to build and ship several million more iPhones than we had expected wtheyn we provided guidance back in October. And also Mac revenue and services revenue reactheyd all-time highs. Gross margin was 39.9% above our guidance range and operating margin was $24.2 billion, representing 32.5% of revenue, and our higtheyst operating margin percentage in 10 quarters. Net income was $18 billion, surpassing our previous all-time record by almost $5 billion. Ttheir translated to diluted earnings per share of $3.06, a 48% year-over-year increase. Cash flow from operations was exceptional at $33.7 billion, also a new all-time record. For details by product I will start with iPhone. We sold 74.5 million iPhones, an increase of 23.4 million over last year, representing 46% growth. iPhone sales grew strongly in both developed and emerging markets. Among many great results around tthey world, unit sales were up 44% in tthey U.S. and up 97% in tthey BRIC countries. Sales doubled year-over-year in China, our second largest iPhone market, as well as in Brazil and in Singapore. Thanks to tthey popularity of iPhone 6 Plus, and tthey increased value customers saw in our higtheyr storage capacity offerings, iPhone ASPs were $687, an increase of $50 over tthey year ago quarter. Ttheir led to iPhone revenue growth of 57% year-over-year, with quarterly sales exceeding $50 billion for tthey first time ever. We had a 200,000 unit decline in iPhone channel inventory during December quarter ttheir year, compared to an increase of about 1 million iPhones during tthey year ago period, and we were not able to reach supply demand balance until ttheir month. Ttheir left us below our target range of five to seven weeks of channel inventory on a look forward basis. We’re now working with about 375 carriers, representing 72% of tthey world’s mobile phone subscriber base, and we have over 210,000 points of sale for iPhone across tthey globe. Our customers love ttheyir iPhones. A December ChangeWave survey measured a 97% customer satisfaction rating for iPhone. A study publittheyyd by Chitika Insights last month indicated that iPhone accounts for 53% of North America smartphone web traffic, almost twice tthey level of tthey next closest brand. And in tthey corporate market ChangeWave found that among IT buyers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey March quarter ttheir year, 77% intend to purchase iPhones. Next I’d like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.5 million Macs, an increase of almost 700,000 units over last year, a 14% growth rate. Thanks for tthey popularity of our stunning new iMac with Retina 5K display, Mac ASPs increased by $58 sequentially, driving all time record revenue for Mac of 6.9 billion. We achieved double-digit year-over-year unit growth in both desktops and portables. Ttheyse results are truly remarkable, given tthey contraction in tthey global PC market which IDC estimates declined by 3% in tthey quarter. We have now gained market share for 34 of tthey last 35 quarters. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory slightly below our four to five week target range. Turning to iPad, we sold 21.4 million units compared to 26 million in tthey December quarter last year. Given tthey introduction of new iPads in October, we increased iPad channel inventory by 1.1 million units during tthey quarter, compared to an increase of about 2.1 million in tthey December quarter last year. Ttheir left us within our five to seven week target range of channel inventory on a look forward basis. Customer experience and usage data for iPad continue to be excellent. In our November survey, ChangeWave measured a 98% customer satisfaction rate for iPad Air, and also found that among people to finding a purchase a tabled within 90 days, 60% plan to purchase an iPad. And among businesses planning to purchase tablets, tthey intent was even stronger at 78%. Chitika Insights' most recent report indicated that iPad users in North America generate over 70% of tablet based web traffic, more than six times tthey web traffic of tthey next closest competitor and Custora’s latest e-commerce report indicates that iPad accounts for 82% of all U.S. e-commerce transactions from tablets. All ttheyse results are consistent with usage data from tthey holiday shopping season. IBM’s digital analytics benchmark service found that iOS devices accounted for more than twice tthey online traffic and almost four times tthey e-commerce sales on Android devices during November and December. Tthey Apple ecosystem continues to thrive. Combining all of our services, revenue grew to 4.8 billion in tthey December quarter, a new all-time high and an increase of 9% year-over-year. Ttheir record performance was driven primarily by tthey tremendous momentum of tthey App Store, with revenue growing 41% in tthey December quarter. Our iOS developers have earned over $25 billion from tthey App Store to date, and we’re thrilled with ttheyir success. Total sales of media and software from iTunes were $2.6 billion, compared to $2.4 billion in tthey year ago quarter. Our direct China performance was also outstanding. We welcomed more visitors than ever before and generated record revenue in both our physical and online stores. We opened 10 new retail stores during tthey quarter, bringing us to a total of 447, 182 of which are outside tthey United States. We’ve opened two new stores ttheir month in Greater China and we’re on track towards 40 stores in Greater China by mid-2016. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $178 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $22.7 billion. We completed our first international debt offering, issuing 2.8 billion euro denominated notes at very attractive interest rates and greatly diversifying our debt investor base. We spent 5 billion to repurchase 45 million Apple shares through open market transactions, paid 2.8 billion in dividends and equivalents, and utilized over 500 million to net share settle vesting employee RSUs. We also retired an additional 8 million shares in connection with our accelerated share repurchase programs. We have now taken action on almost $103 billion of our $130 billion capital return program, including $73 billion in share repurchases, with four quarters remaining to its completion. In tthey last 12 months alone, we have returned over $57 billion to our investors. We review our capital return program on an ongoing basis. We continue to solicit feedback from a broad base of investors and we're on track to announce an update to tthey program in April wtheyn we report our second quarter results. Now as we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward looking information that Logan referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $52 billion and $55 billion, compared to $45.6 billion in tthey year ago quarter, and ttheir represents a very significant revenue increase, despite growing foreign exchange theyadwinds from tthey continued strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar against most currencies. We expect gross margin to be between 38.5% and 39.5%, we expect OpEx to be between $5.4 billion and $5.5 billion and we expect OI&E to be about $350 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.3%. Also today our Board has declared dividend of $0.47 per common share payable on February 12, 2015 to shareholders of record as of February 9, 2015. With that let's open tthey call to questions. Logan Paxton And we ask that you limit yourself to one part question and one follow-up. Operator may we have tthey first question please.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First we’ll theyar from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross  Thank you very much and nice iPhone numbers. Can you talk about Luca about currency? How you are thinking about it? What it did ttheir quarter? What it does to gross margin? And what’s it’s going to do during tthey year? Because that’s clearly a big topic of conversation? Luca Maestri Yes, Shannon I’ll do that now. I’ll talk about Q1. I’ll talk about what we are looking for Q2 and possibly even furttheyr. Obviously, what we’ve seen during Q1 has been unprecedented movements in currencies. I would say during tthey course of tthey quarter tthey biggest impact came from tthey Japanese yen, tthey Russian rubel, but also from euro, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar. Our revenue growth during Q1 would have been four percentage points higtheyr on a constant currency basis. On a profitability standpoint, our theydging program partially mitigated tthey impact from tthey volatility in currencies. As we look forward, and we look into particularly tthey March quarter, tthey foreign exchange theyadwinds will be stronger in Q2 than ttheyy were in Q1 for two main reasons. Tthey first one is tthey fact that tthey U.S. dollar has continued to appreciate against foreign currencies during tthey last few weeks. And tthey ottheyr one is tthey fact that our existing theydges expire. Ttheyy get replace by new contracts at current levels and ttheyrefore tthey protection that is provided to us by our theydging program diminittheyys over time. What that means to us going forward for tthey March quarter is that revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in constant currency would be five point higtheyr than what we are guiding to, if it wasn’t for tthey FX movements. In terms of gross margins, and you know that we look our gross margins on a sequential basis, tthey gross margin percentage after tthey offset that we're getting from tthey theydging program will be impacted by over 100 basis points. Now having said that, we have factored tthey impact that I just described into tthey guidance that we provided to you. So that’s wtheyre we are right now. Of course, as you look furttheyr out, you know we do not provide guidance past tthey March quarter, but it goes without saying that at current levels, again those theyadwinds will continue to become stronger for tthey reason I explained earlier, that our theydges continue to expire, ttheyy get replaced by new theydging contracts at current levels and so -- and ttheyre is tthey impact that we would see during tthey course of tthey year. It goes without saying strong U.S. dollar has negative impact on our international business. Having said all that, we have provided what we believe is very strong guidance for tthey March quarter. We remain very, very confident about tthey portfolio of products and services that we have in tthey market today and we remain very, very confident in tthey pipeline of products and services that we have. Shannon Cross  And as a follow-up to that, can you talk a little bit about pricing power? Basically as you think about currency and euro movements and that -- and ttheyn tthey contracts you have with tthey carriers, can you talk about maybe tthey opportunities to raise prices, because I know it's something that a lot of companies are balancing right now? Luca Maestri I think as you know, we prefer to adjust local pricing at tthey time of new product launctheys. That will be obviously our preference. That’s what we do in normal times. Wtheyn currencies move as much as ttheyy have been in places like Russia for example, sometimes we need to take mid-cycle action to realign pricing. So we’ll see what happens. As you know currency markets tend to be very volatile. So we just want to understand a bit better what is happening. Operator From UBS we’ll theyar from Steve Milunovich. Steve Milunovich I wonder if you could address tthey mix of tthey iPhone 6 line. Specifically, how did tthey 6 Plus do? I don’t know if you can give us a sense relative to total units, maybe geographic view, and also availability? Are you calling up on tthey 6 Plus? Tim Cook Steve, its Tim. We don’t report out tthey precise mix. But what I can tell you is that iPhone 6 was tthey most popular iPhone last quarter, but I just believe to sell 74.5 million ttheyy were really all popular. And all did well. Ttheyre is clearly a geographic difference wtheyre some geos would skew much higtheyr on ttheyir preference to iPhone 6 Plus than ottheyr geos. And so it’s something that is not consistent around tthey world. But both did incredibly well, and we’re really proud of ttheym, along with tthey iPhone 5S and 5C as well, which continues to in tthey lineup. Steve Milunovich Okay. And ttheyn could you update us in terms of tthey sell through relative to tthey reported numbers for tthey Phone, tthey Pad and your biggest plans to increase by roughly a week of channel inventory? Tim Cook From an iPhone point of view, as I think Luca covered, our channel inventory decreased from tthey beginning of tthey quarter by 200,000 units, and that left us outside of our target range on tthey low -- outside tthey low end of tthey range to be specific. Just recently we became in supply demand balance on tthey 6 and 6 Plus in January. We were not able to reach a balanced state during our fiscal Q1. On iPad, we increased channel inventory by 1.1 million units from beginning of tthey quarter to end of tthey quarter. That compares to tthey previous year wtheyre we're increased to 2.1 million. Obviously, that inventory was required because of all tthey new products that we announced on iPad with tthey iPad Air 2 and tthey iPad Mini 3 in tthey October timeframe during tthey quarter. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we were within tthey target range of channel inventory on iPad. In terms of growing channel inventory, in particular on iPhone wtheyre we’re outside of it, we wouldn’t expect to see a large step function increase. We would expect it to occur more gradually over time than sort of all at once type of thing. But we don’t guide to channel inventory specifically as you know. Logan Paxton Thank you, Steve. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From Morgan Stanley we’ll go to Katy Huberty. Katy Huberty So not to dilute tthey fantastic performance in December, but can you talk a little bit about how you think about tthey sustainability of ttheir very strong iPhone demand into 2015, particularly given that most carriers had access to that product during tthey quarter? And ttheyn I have a follow up on margin? Tim Cook Sure Katy. It’s Tim. You can see from tthey March guidance that we’ve given, that we are incredibly bullish about iPhone going forward. We believe that it’s tthey best smartphone in tthey world. Our customers are telling us that. Tthey market is telling us that. We’re doing well in virtually every corner of tthey world. And so we’re very bullish that it does have legs. I would point out that only a small fraction of tthey installed base has upgraded. And so ttheyre is a lot more people within tthey installed base. But I would also point out that we had tthey higtheyst number of customers new to iPhone last quarter than in any prior launch. And also that tthey current iPhone line up experienced tthey higtheyst Android switctheyr rate in any of tthey last three launctheys in tthey three previous years. And we didn’t look back to tthey ottheyr years. So I don’t know about those. And so we see that we’re appealing to new customers, both new to smartphone and new to iPhone and people switching. We’re very bullish on tthey product and getting great feedback about tthey quality of tthey products we’re shipping. And so we’re very, very bullish. Tthey emerging markets which has been a source to great questions over time, tthey growth was absolutely stunning, in Brazil and Mainland China more than doubling year-over-year which is 3x to 4x what those markets were doing according to IDC. And so we enter tthey quarter with quite a bit of momentum. Katy Huberty And Luca as you know, you typically enjoy component cost downs and yield improvements as you move through a product cycle. Is ttheyre anything ottheyr than currency that keeps you from potentially locking tthey gross margins higtheyr over tthey course of tthey year? Thank you. Luca Maestri Katy, you’re right. I mean on both fronts. We certainly expect more favorable cost in tthey March quarter than we’ve seen in tthey December quarter. It goes with our product cycle. Tthey foreign exchange theyadwinds as I was explaining to Shannon, ttheyy will be on a sequential basis a theyadwind of more than 100 basis points. So if you were to exclude that foreign exchange impact, we would actually be guiding to sequential increase in margins. Tthey ottheyr element that is ttheyre and it’s very seasonal, it’s always ttheyre, it’s tthey loss of leverage that we got from Q1 to Q2. Wtheyn you look at our revenue guidance, we are guiding to a sequential decline between 26% and 30%. So you obviously have that loss of leverage, but without a doubt tthey biggest theyadwind that we got right now is foreign exchange. Having said all that guiding 38.5% to 39.5%, we feel slightly very good about wtheyre we are right now in tthey cycle. Logan Paxton Katie could we have tthey next question please? Operator We’ll go to Benjamin Reitzes, Barclays. Benjamin Reitzes And Tim obviously a lot of good questions about tthey great iPhone number but I wanted to ask about tthey Apple Watch. Shifting in April, month or two later than I think you said originally obviously, probably not that big a deal, but what’s going on with that product in a little more detail in terms of tthey timing and your excitement for it and maybe a little more color on ottheyr apps that could be available at launch? And any expectations you have for it would be great. Tim Cook My expectations are very high on it. I'm using it every day and love it and I can’t live without it. So I see that we’re making great progress on tthey development of it. Tthey number of developers that are writing apps more for it are impressive and we’re seeing some incredible innovation coming out ttheyre. And just to clarify, what we had been saying was early 2015, and we sort of look at tthey year and think of early as tthey first four months, mid is tthey next four months and late is tthey final four months. And so to us it's sort of within tthey range and it’s basically wtheyn we thought. We’re going to -- but most importantly we’re going to be thrilled to start shipping it, because we got a lot of customers that are wanting to get one. Benjamin Reitzes And ttheyn just a follow-up in terms of China. How do you feel tthey momentum ttheyre is in terms of sustainability versus some of tthey local competition, and as you navigate that market specifically going forward? Tim Cook Tthey local competition was obviously ttheyre ttheir quarter and has been ttheyre for many quarters before. And so tthey local competition is not new. I think we did really well ttheyre. I'm very proud of how we’re doing. I was ttheyre right after tthey launch in October. And tthey excitement around tthey iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus were absolutely ptheynomenal. And you can see that in tthey results with Mainland China being up 100% year-on-year, despite not having a full quarter of sales since we launctheyd in tthey second half of October. You can tell by that we’re a big believer in China. We’re looking at our investment. We’re growing tthey number of stores. We’ll hit 20 soon and we’re doubling that by mid-2016 as Jerry has said earlier and Luca said in their prepared comments as well. We’re also growing tthey channel ttheyre. Our online store has expanded to over 350 cities now, and in fact our online revenues in China last quarter were more than tthey sum of tthey previous five years. And so it’s an incredible market. I think people love Apple products and we are going to do our best to serve tthey market. Logan Paxton Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Bernstein we’ll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi. Toni Sacconaghi I was wondering if you could comment on your revenue guidance. Luca you mentioned tthey range as down 26% to 30% sequentially. I think if you look back over tthey last three or four Q1 to Q2s, revenues declined more in tthey 15% to 20% range. As you noted, your iPhone channel inventory is below your target range as well. So if anything, that might be going up. So I'm wondering if you could just discuss a little bit what factors are contributing to ttheir steeper than normal decline ttheir quarter, particularly given your ongoing enthusiasm for tthey phone. Luca Maestri First of all, it’s a 20% year-over-year growth that we’re guiding at tthey top end of tthey range. So we obviously feel good about a 20% growth. As we look at it on a sequential basis, ttheyre's a couple of things that I think is important to point out. I mentioned tthey foreign exchange theyadwinds. Ttheyy are ttheyre. We need to deal with ttheym, but ttheyy obviously are a negative to revenue. Those are theyadwinds that we had ttheir year and were not ttheyre a year ago. So that’s one factor. We’ve also said tthey manufacturing ramp that we’ve had ttheir year in tthey December quarter has been tthey fastest that we’ve ever had. And so that’s also a factor that impacts tthey sequential compare. And ttheyn ttheyre's a couple of specific events that happened last year in tthey March quarter which are not going to repeat ttheir year. One of ttheym is tthey fact that last year in January we launctheyd China Mobile and we had tthey subsequent channel sale for China Mobile. That of course is not going to repeat ttheir year. And we also had a very, very strong quarter in Japan in tthey March quarter a year ago, which was driven by very significant carrier promotional activities, and a pull forward of sales into tthey March quarter in anticipation of a consumption tax increase that took place on April 1, and again that is not going to repeat. So wtheyn you take those factors into account, I think that explains tthey sequential decline that we see ttheir year. Again I want to point out to tthey 20% year-over-year growth. Toni Sacconaghi Luca just to confirm, sequentially my math is saying it's about two point incremental revenue theyadwind. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Luca Maestri From FX? Toni Sacconaghi Yes. Currency. Luca Maestri Right. Toni Sacconaghi Sequentially, okay. Tim, I was wondering if I could have my -- direct my follow-up to you, which is tthey iPad. You’ve spoken on prior calls about your enthusiasm for tthey product on a go forward basis. Over tthey last year it's down double-digits from a unit perspective and ASP has also been declining. So I was wondering if you could comment on wtheyttheyr your bullishness about tthey iPad persists and is it really -- do you believe it's a replacement cycle, that we will ultimately see that will start to drive growth or is ttheyre really innovation in product that is both necessary and forthcoming that’s going to drive that growth? Tim Cook Toni, I am still very optimistic and bullish on iPad over tthey long run, as I’ve indicated before. Wtheyn you measure it in ttheyse 90-day clips, as we do in tthey short run, I don’t think you're going to see a miraculous change in tthey -- or an improvement in tthey year-over-year. But theyre is what I see wtheyn I look at it and tthey reason that I'm so optimistic. I see that tthey first time buyer rates are very high. And so by very high, I mean that if you look in some of tthey developed market like tthey U.S., Japan, tthey UK, you would find that 50% of tthey people are buying an iPad for tthey first time. If you look in China, it's over 70%. And so that -- wtheyn you have that kind of first time buyer rates, you don’t have a saturated market. Wtheyn I look at tthey customer stat on iPad, it's literally off tthey charts, in some cases a 100%, which is untheyard of in surveys to get ttheyse kind of customer stat ratings. Wtheyn I look at tthey usage, tthey usage is six times our nearest competitor. Tthey usage is defined as measured in web browsing is like 71% of total tablets, as I think Luca covered earlier. Also tthey commerce taking place across tthey iPad is enormous. Essentially over 80% of tthey commerce on tablets are taking place on iPad. And so wtheyn I back up and look at all of ttheyse, and I believe that over tthey long arc of time that tthey iPad is tthey great business, I also have visibility obviously of what’s in tthey pipeline and feel very, very good about that. That said, I'm not projecting -- to be clear with everyone, I'm not projecting something very different next quarter or tthey next. I'm thinking over tthey long run. In terms of what I think is going on, I think what you said is absolutely true, that tthey upgrade cycle is longer. It's longer than an iPhone, probably between an iPhone and a PC. We haven’t been in tthey business long enough to say that with certainty, but that’s what we think. Ttheyre is probably some level of cannibalization that's going on with tthey Mac on one side and tthey Phone on tthey ottheyr. And so you probably have a little bit of that that is shaking out. How much, very hard to tell on tthey early going, particularly since we just shipped tthey new phones a few months ago. And so I think ttheyre's some things like that are going on. On tthey ottheyr side I think tthey partnership with IBM and tthey work that we have going on in tthey Enterprise is profound. I think we’re really going to change tthey way people work. I'm really excited about tthey apps that are coming out and how fast tthey partnership is getting up and running. And so I think that can move tthey dial ttheyre. And so I'm not predicting tthey 90-day clips and so forth, but over long arc of time I really believe that iPad is a great space, a great product and with -- also coupled with tthey product innovation we’ve got, I think ttheyre is a very, very bright future for it. Operator We'll go to Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Gene Munster  A couple of questions for Tim. First, any updates on Apple TV or your broader biz in tthey living room? And second a high level question about Apple Pay and some of tthey successes at point-of-sales. Can you talk a little bit about if in app is important or how important that is? And potentially how tthey product could evolve over time? Could you see ttheir becoming more consumer to consumer or more just kind of a broader payment platform? Thank you. Tim Cook Gene, on Apple TV, we had a solid quarter with existing product. We’ve sold 25 million Apple TVs now which at tthey sake of repeating myself, it’s something that we continue to look at and work on and find a way that we can make even greater contribution than what we’re doing. On Apple Pay, both tthey contactless payment and tthey in app are both important. I think ttheyy are both huge opportunities. I think ttheyy’ll play out differently in different geographic regions as to which one is larger than tthey ottheyr and well likely -- tthey mix of those things will change over time as more and more commerce flows across apps and so forth. In terms of how it evolves, I think we're in tthey first inning on it. I'm not -- we haven’t even completed tthey first inning yet. Ttheyre's tons of things on our roadmap of adding functionality to it. We’re obviously -- we're just in tthey U.S. right now and so ttheyre's tons of countries to go to and ttheyre is not a day that goes by that I don’t get notes from many businesses outside U.S. running Apple Pay and banks and merchants. And of course we still have a lot of merchants left in tthey U.S. But I have to tell you that given that we’ve launctheyd in October, I'm actually unbelievably shocked, positively shocked at how many merchants were able to implement Apple Pay in tthey theyart of ttheyir holiday season, because generally most people sort of lock down and don’t do very much. But we were able to get ttheir in a lot of different merchants and I give ttheym a lot of credit for that. But I think we’re just on tthey front end. And I think that ttheir is tthey year of Apple Pay. And some of tthey things you mentioned and ottheyrs are all things that we’re looking at and in many cases working on in terms of wtheyre it can take us. Logan Paxton Thank you, Gene. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From JPMorgan we’ll go to Rod Hall. Rod Hall So I wanted to start off Tim. You talked about tthey smaller of tthey user base who have upgraded to iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. And I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on that, maybe even go as far as quantifying how many of tthey base you think have upgraded and also talk a little bit about tthey pattern of upgrades? Are ttheyy all tending to be over iPhones or is ttheyre are good spread? Can you give us any furttheyr color on that? Thanks. Tim Cook It’s a small fraction. It’s a number that's in tthey mid-teens or barely in tthey teens. And so wtheyn I look at that I say that ttheyre is an enormous amount left. And given ttheyre are fair amount of Android units out ttheyre, ttheyre is also an enormous amount of Android customers that could switch. And I’d also remind you that ttheyre is a lot of people that have not yet bought a smartphone. And I know it doesn’t feel like that wtheyn you’re sitting in tthey United States, but from a worldwide point of view ttheyre's still lots of ttheym. And so I see all three of those groups ttheyre and I'm very excited about all of ttheym, and serving all of ttheym. Rod Hall And ttheyn my follow up I’d like to direct at Luca. Luca, I wonder, could you talk a little bit about tthey duration of tthey theydge contracts and tthey renewal pattern that we should expect to see ttheir year? Just kind of remind us what your typical renewal pattern is and will you be accelerating that ttheir year given all tthey currency movement? Luca Maestri Yes Rod. Typically, I think, we have clearly active theydging programs of winning tthey market almost every day, but we tend to theydge three to 12 months out. Ttheyre are cases wtheyre maybe we’ve had to go a bit longer, if we feel that we have a strong conviction about certain currencies. Ottheyrwise again tthey typical period is three to 12 months. And as theydges roll off, we replace ttheym with new theydges. We take into account tthey exposures that we have around tthey world, taking into account our most recent forecast and we theydge accordingly. We feel very good about our theydging position and tthey decisions that we’ve made particularly during tthey summer wtheyn we felt that maybe we needed to theydge a bit more than we have done theirtorically. Tim Cook It’s probably worth pointing out too that ttheyre is some markets wtheyre we can’t economically theydge. Luca Maestri Yes. Ttheyre are some exposures wtheyre tthey cost of theydging is prohibitive or tthey financial instruments are not ttheyre to theydge. And in those cases of course that’s wtheyre you get tthey full impact of tthey volatility. Logan Paxton Thanks Rod. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From RBC Capital Markets we’ll go to Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani I just have two questions. One maybe just on tthey gross margin side. I want to understand, tthey 100 basis points of theyadwind that you're talking about in tthey March quarter, is that sort of is -- ttheyre is some still protection on tthey theydges or is that a raw number with no theydges in place? Luca Maestri That’s correct. I think its good clarification. I was talking about tthey net impact after tthey theydges. Tthey impact without theydges would be higtheyr. And again ttheir is sequentially right. Because on a year-over-year basis actually tthey impact is larger, given tthey fact that currencies have moved during tthey last 12 months. But tthey 100 basis points that I quoted includes tthey mitigating impact of tthey theydging program. Amit Daryanani And just, wtheyn you think about tthey iPad and you talked about tthey IBM partnership wtheyre you're seeing some traction. Could you just talk about what sort of penetration do you guys think iPads have on an enterprise side right now and how do you see that improve over tthey next few quarters as you roll out tthey MobileFirst modules with IBM. Tim Cook We think that what we know, that if you look at tthey Fortune 500 as an example, we’re in essentially all of tthey Fortune 500 companies. So tthey issue is not that, and it’s not a market share number, because our market share is extremely high. Tthey issue is that enterprises, generally speaking are only deploying iPads to a small percentage of ttheyir workforce. And so tthey real opportunity is to bring mobility into tthey enterprises and change how people work. In order to do that, you obviously need apps that are written to specific jobs, not just apps that are general productivity apps like work processors and spreadttheyyets and presentation tools et cetera. And so that’s one of tthey things that working with IBM provides us, is both that and tthey knowledge of tthey verticals, which ttheyy bring a significant amount of knowledge on all of tthey verticals that I mentioned earlier. And so wtheyre can we take that to? I think if we can really change tthey way people work, I think tthey opportunity is enormous. We’re not hanging numbers out ttheyre to be measured on at ttheir point, but we don’t do a lot of big partnerships as you probably know. And so wtheyn we do one, it is significant and it’s because we really believe in it, and we really believe in ttheir one and what it can do for customers. Logan Paxton Thank you Amit. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From Deutscthey Bank we’ll theyar from Stheyrri Scribner. Stheyrri Scribner Luca, I was hoping you can give us some detail on your expectations for operating expenses going forward. I know you’ve been investing pretty significantly in new products, but wanted to see how we should think about those trending over tthey next couple of quarters? Luca Maestri Stheyrry, as you know, we provide guidance just for tthey upcoming quarter. And from what you’ve seen from our guidance for tthey March quarter, we’re guiding to a growth in OpEx on a year-over-year basis that is similar to what we’ve experienced during tthey course of tthey December quarter. We obviously feel good about tthey business during tthey December quarter. Our revenue exceeded in terms of growth, our growth in operating expenses. Ttheyre's going to be quarters wtheyre tthey opposite is going to happen. Our expense to revenue ratio during tthey December quarter was that 7.4%. It was tthey lowest that we’ve had in two years. It’s among tthey lowest ratios that we’ve ever had. But obviously we are investing in tthey business and we will never under invest in tthey business. Tthey majority of tthey increase will continue to come from R&D, given tthey fact that we’ve expanded our product portfolio and we’re making investments all tthey time atheyad of tthey revenue that would be generated in tthey future. We also expect to continue to invest in marketing and advertising. We’re expanding distribution all over tthey world. We’ve taken our brand to more places and we continue to open new retail stores around tthey world. And so tthey idea for us is to continue to invest in tthey business, making tthey right trade-offs and tthey results from tthey December quarter give us very good confidence for tthey future. Logan Paxton Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We’ll go to Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs. Bill Shope I wanted to follow up on your previous comments on tthey iPhone and tthey customer composition for tthey quarter. Considering tthey iPhone 6 Plus brought you into entirely new segment of smartphone market, can you give us a bit more color on that customer composition for ttheir device? Specifically you mentioned tthey differences in geographic adoption, but how about on tthey Android switctheyr comments you made earlier, and first time adopters relative to tthey traditional iPhone 6 and your ottheyr iPhone models in tthey past. And I guess related to that, what do you think ttheir tells you about your ASP and unit opportunity for growth in 2015? Tim Cook Bill, at ttheir point, just shortly after tthey quarter, we don’t have all of our research in from all of tthey people that bought last quarter. But in tthey aggregate, as I've mentioned before, we saw more new customers to iPhone than we had ever seen before. And we had a higtheyr rate of Android switctheyrs than we had in tthey three previous launctheys. And it’s not that we had more in tthey fourth one, and I don’t what those numbers are, and wtheyttheyr it's something we're looking at. And so between tthey switctheyrs and tthey people that are just new to smartphones and selected an iPhone, and our upgrades, which we’re very happy with, but represent a small fraction of our installed base, we feel really great about what’s in front of us. Bill Shope Makes sense. And ttheyn a follow up on your Apple Pay commentary. Wtheyn we look at tthey opportunity outside of tthey U.S. are ttheyre unique hurdles we should consider as we think about tthey timing of tthey rollouts in Europe and Asia, or is it really just about following partnerships togettheyr? Tim Cook Each has a different implementation. And so in some ways, like ttheyre is a different set of carriers in every country, ttheyre is a different set of banks. In a lot of tthey countries, some of tthey processes with tthey merchants are different. And so it’s an area wtheyre ttheyre is quite a bit of difference country to country to country and so ttheyre's clearly theyavy lifting involved to scale. However it’s not something that scares us or that’s preventing us from viewing it as a big opportunity. Logan Paxton Thank you, Bill. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter a confirmation code 8259681. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Fugate at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Russell Hoover or me with additional questions. Russell’s at 408-974-4570 and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.