Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2016 Earnings Call April 26, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Analysts Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Nathan Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Adam Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, future business outlook, and plans for capital return and debt issuance. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2015, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2016, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. In addition, today's comments will refer to a metric we describe as tthey purchase value of services tied to our installed base. Ttheir is a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation to tthey corresponding GAAP measure can be found on our Investor Relations website at Apple.com/investor. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we're reporting tthey results of a very busy and challenging quarter, and we're also announcing an update to our capital return program. Revenue for tthey quarter was $50.6 billion, which was within our guidance range. Despite tthey pause in our growth, our results reflect excellent execution by our team in tthey face of ongoing macroeconomic theyadwinds in much of tthey world and difficult year-over-year comparisons. We saw continued currency weakness in tthey vast majority of our international markets. In constant currency, our revenue declined by 9% from last year, 400 basis points less than tthey reported decline of 13%. For tthey first half of tthey fiscal year, our revenue in constant currency was up 1% year on year. Despite challenges, ttheyre were a number of encouraging signs during tthey quarter. Our installed base of over 1 billion active devices continued to grow strongly. We added a huge number of Android switctheyrs and new-to-Mac customers, and we generated very strong growth from Services. We sold 51.2 million iPhones in tthey quarter, consistent with tthey range of our own expectations but lower than tthey exceptional year-ago quarter wtheyn we saw an acceleration in iPhone upgrades and 40% iPhone sales growth over tthey previous year. To provide some additional color, iPhone sales come from three sources: customers who upgrade from previous iPhone models; customers who switch from Android and ottheyr operating systems; and customers who purchase a smartphone for tthey first time. As we look at each of ttheyse three sources of iPhone sales, we see a business that is theyalthy and strong. First, from an upgrade perspective, during tthey first half of ttheir year tthey upgrade rate for tthey iPhone 6s cycle has been slightly higtheyr than what we experienced in tthey iPhone 5s cycle two years ago, but it is lower than tthey accelerated upgrade rate that we saw with iPhone 6, which as you know was a big contributor to our ptheynomenal revenue growth a year ago. Most importantly, our customers are incredibly loyal. A recent Kantar survey of U.S. smartphone purchasers indicated a 95% iPhone loyalty rate, tthey higtheyst ever measured for any smartphone. Second, we continue to see a very high level of customers switching to iPhone from Android and ottheyr operating systems. In fact, we added more switctheyrs from Android and ottheyr platforms in tthey first half of ttheir year than any ottheyr six-month period ever. And third, with only 42% smartphone penetration of tthey global handset market today, iPhone is still attracting millions of first-time smartphone buyers each quarter, especially from emerging markets. For example, in India our iPhone sales were up 56% from a year ago. Next I'd like to talk about Services, which was our second largest revenue-generating category during tthey quarter. Setting aside tthey amount we received from a patent settlement in tthey December quarter, tthey March quarter Services revenue was our higtheyst ever. Services revenue jumped 20% to $6 billion. App Store revenue was up 35% to beat last quarter's all-time record. And Apple Music continues to grow in popularity, with over 13 million paying subscribers today. We feel really great about tthey early success of Apple's first subscription business, and our Music revenue has now hit an inflection point after many quarters of decline. Tthey Services business is powered by our huge installed base of active devices, which crossed 1 billion units earlier ttheir year. As we discussed on ttheir call in January, those 1 billion-plus active devices are a source of recurring revenue that is growing independent of tthey unit shipments we report every three months. In fact, tthey purchase value of services tied to our installed base was a record $9.9 billion in tthey March quarter, up 27% over last year, accelerating from tthey 24% growth rate we reported in tthey December quarter. Tthey reach of Apple Pay also continues to expand following a very successful launch in China in tthey March quarter and last week's rollout in Singapore. Apple Pay is growing at a tremendous rate, with more than five times tthey transaction volume of a year ago and 1 million new users per week. Ttheyre are more than 10 million contactless-ready locations in tthey countries wtheyre Apple Pay has launctheyd to date, including over 2.5 million locations now accepting Apple Pay in tthey United States, and more expansion of Apple Pay is coming soon. Turning to tthey Mac, we met our sell-in expectations in addition to reducing channel inventory by about 100,000 units. Overall, tthey Mac continues to attract a large percentage of new customers. In our latest survey of major markets, over half of buyers were new to tthey Mac. And in some countries, tthey percentage is extremely high, like in China, wtheyre over 80% of customers were purchasing a Mac for tthey first time. We're confident in our Mac business and our ability to continue to innovate and gain share in that area. Turning to tthey Apple Watch, unit sales met our expectations in tthey quarter. For some color on how we think about Apple Watch sales, we expect its seasonality to be similar to tthey theirtorical seasonality of iPod, which typically generated 40% or more of its annual unit sell-through in tthey December quarter. We started shipping Apple Watch just one year ago, and it has quickly become tthey best-selling and most loved smartwatch in tthey world. In fact, unit sales of Apple Watch during its first year exceeded sales of iPhone in its first year. Last month, we refrettheyyd tthey lineup for tthey spring with new bands and a new starting price point, and tthey response from customers has been great. Apple Watch is an increasingly essential part of users' lives, from responding to messages, managing calendars and navigating with maps, to theylping ttheym be more fit. And in some cases, tthey theyart rate sensor has even theylped save lives. We're really excited about tthey first year with Apple Watch. We have learned a lot, and we believe it has an exciting future theyad. We announced some fantastic new products during tthey March quarter. IPhone SE became available on March 31, so none of its sales were reflected in our second quarter results. But so far ttheir quarter we're seeing terrific customer response. IPhone SE is tthey most powerful four-inch phone ever, and it's a great option for customers all over tthey world who want a compact phone with advanced features and a great price without compromising performance. Demand has been very strong and exceeds supply at ttheir point, but we're working hard to get tthey iPhone SE into tthey hands of every customer who wants one as quickly as possible. Tthey addition of tthey iPhone SE in tthey iPhone lineup places us in a better strategic position to attract even more customers into our ecosystem. We also unveiled tthey stunning 9.7-inch iPad Pro with cutting-edge performance and our most advanced display yet. Tthey reviews of our new iPad Pros have been great, and we're theyaring from customers that tthey features and capabilities in tthey new Pros make ttheym both tthey ultimate upgrade for iPad owners and a great PC replacement. In tthey June quarter, we expect to see our best iPad revenue compare in over two years. IPad is tthey best selling, best reviewed, and most used tablet on tthey market. Customers tell us that ttheyy love iPad for its unique mix of portability, capability, and versatility, with over 1 million iPad apps in tthey App Store to theylp ttheym work, play, learn, and create. We also announced CareKit, a new software framework that developers can use to theylp people take a more active role in ttheyir theyalth by keeping track of ttheyir care plans, monitoring ttheyir symptoms and medication, and delivering tthey insights ttheyy need to make smart decisions about ttheyir theyalth. We're very excited about tthey ways iPhone and Apple Watch are theylping people lead theyalthier lives. We believe ttheyre's great promise theyre for tthey future, and we are very interested in wtheyre ttheir can take us. As always, we're contributing to society beyond our products, promoting tthey use of renewable energy across our facilities and inside our supply chain and developing cutting-edge technologies to revolutionize recycling of tthey materials we use. We are unwavering in our commitment to protect tthey security and privacy of our customers and ttheyir data, and we're actively promoting inclusion and equality across our business. As we continue through tthey June quarter, I'd like to remind you that we measure tthey theyalth of customer demand based on sell-through. Despite ending Q2 within our channel inventory targets, in light of tthey macroeconomic environment, we plan to lower our channel inventories in tthey June quarter. Ttheir will impact our reported revenue in Q3. Luca will provide more details on ttheir in their commentary. But before I turn over tthey call to them, I'll summarize by saying that tthey future of Apple is very bright. Our product pipeline has amazing innovations in store. We're very excited about bringing togettheyr developers for our four major platforms at our Worldwide Developers Conference in June. We are forging atheyad with important investments in research and development, in our infrastructure, and in our supply chain. We've made 15 acquisitions in tthey last four quarters to accelerate our product and Services roadmaps, and we're always on tthey lookout for companies with great technology, talent, and strategic fit. Creating value for shareholders by developing great products and services that enrich people's lives will always be our top priority and tthey key factor driving our investment and capital allocation decisions. As our business continues to generate high levels of free cash flow, we are in tthey fortunate position to expand our capital return program again ttheir year, as we have done each year since we started tthey program four years ago. Today we're announcing an extension of tthey timeframe of tthey program by four quarters through March of 2018, and we are expanding tthey total program size from $200 billion to $250 billion. Luca has more details on ttheir announcement and our results for tthey March quarter. Luca? Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start with tthey March quarter results. Revenue for tthey quarter landed within our guidance range of $50.6 billion compared to $58 billion in tthey year-ago quarter, a decline of 13%. As we had expected, our comparisons to last year were influenced by tthey continued strength of tthey U.S. dollar against foreign currencies. As Tim said, in constant currency, our revenue declined by 9%. On a geographic basis, in Asia, our revenue grew strongly in Japan, but it declined in greater China and tthey rest of Asia-Pacific. However, our business in ttheyse two regions is faring better than tthey numbers might suggest. We had significant channel inventory reductions and currency weakness, which affected our reported revenue for both ttheyse segments. In Mainland China, revenue was down 11%, and tthey decline was 7% in constant currency terms. Keep in mind that we were up against an extremely difficult year-ago compare wtheyn our Mainland China revenue grew 81%. We remain very optimistic about tthey China market over tthey long term, and we are committed to investing ttheyre for tthey long run. Gross margin was 39.4%, near tthey high end of our guidance range, thanks to strong cost performance. Operating margin was 27.7% of revenue, and net income was $10.5 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $1.90, and cash flow from operations was strong at $11.6 billion. For details by product, I'll start with iPhone. We sold 51.2 million iPhones in tthey quarter compared to 61.2 million in tthey year-ago quarter, a decline of 16%. It was a particularly challenging comparison to tthey record quarter a year ago, wtheyn iPhone sales grew 40%, as we entered last March quarter in supply/demand imbalance, which was recovered during tthey quarter. Also, ttheir year we reduced channel inventory by 450,000 units while we increased inventory by 1 million units a year ago. We have exited tthey quarter within our five-week to seven-week target range for channel inventory. iPhone ASP was $642 compared to $659 in tthey year-ago quarter, with weak international currencies and very popular mid-tier and entry offerings contributing to tthey difference year over year. iPhone's momentum in business markets continues to be very impressive. A recent survey by 451 Research, formerly known as ChangeWave, found that among U.S. corporate buyers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey June quarter, 78% plan to purchase iPhones. That's tthey higtheyst June quarter iPhone purchase intent ever measured by tthey survey and five points higtheyr than a year ago. Turning to Services, we generated $6 billion in revenue, an increase of 20% over tthey March quarter last year, thanks primarily to tthey continued strong performance of tthey App Store, with revenue growing 35% to a new all-time high. According to App Jasonie, tthey App Store generated 90% more global revenue than Google Play in tthey March quarter, up from a 75% lead in 2015. Among our customers who purchased apps and content from our iTunes Store's, tthey average amount spent per customer reactheyd a new all-time record in tthey March quarter. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4 million Macs compared to 4.6 million last year, a decline of 12%. It was a challenging quarter for personal computer sales across tthey industry, but we believe we gained market share. Despite tthey overall market slowdown, we generated double-digit Mac growth in a number of markets, including Russia, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, and tthey UAE. And just last week we updated tthey MacBook, our thinnest and lightest Mac, with tthey latest processors, faster graphics, faster flash storage, and longer battery life. We think our customers are going to love ttheir update. We ended tthey quarter within our four-week to five-week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, we sold 10.3 million units compared to 12.6 million units in tthey year-ago quarter. We also reduced channel inventory by about 200,000 units, and we exited tthey quarter within our five-week to seven-week target range. In tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete, we continue to be highly successful. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad has 78% share of tthey U.S. market for tablets priced above $200. And tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC indicates that iPad accounts for 72% of tthey U.S. commercial tablet market, comprising business, government, and education. iPad customer metrics are also extremely positive. In February, 451 Research measured a 97% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad Air 2. And among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, 59% plan to purchase an iPad, more than three times tthey purchase intention rate of tthey next higtheyst brand measured. Corporate buyers reported a 94% satisfaction rate for iPad, and tthey June quarter purchase intent of 71%. Revenue from ottheyr products grew 30% over last year thanks to Apple Watch. We have expanded distribution to 60 countries and introduced bands in beautiful new colors for spring, so customers can personalize ttheyir watctheys in more ways with a range of colors, styles, and materials. Our customers are very happy with Apple Watch, with 451 Research measuring 94% customer satisfaction. We're also making great progress with our enterprise initiatives. IBM now has engagements for more than 200 deployments of native iOS apps for large enterprise customers to accelerate mobile transformation. Our Mobility Partner program also continues to grow, with 108 partners across 20 countries. We see continued broad industry adoption of native iOS apps to transform how professionals do ttheyir work and serve ttheyir customers. For example, retail bankers are using iOS apps on iPads to greet and onboard customers, reduce queue times, and improve tthey customer experience. And in hospitals, doctors and nurses are using iOS apps on iPhone and iPad to share and communicate more effectively so that ttheyy can spend more time with patients and less time on administrative tasks. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $232.9 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $17.2 billion. $208.9 billion of ttheir cash, or 90% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We issued $15.5 billion in U.S. dollar denominated notes during tthey quarter, including our first green bond trancthey to fund initiatives such as renewable energy and environmental design projects. We exited tthey March quarter with $72 billion in term debt. We returned $10 billion to investors during tthey quarter, including $2.9 billion in dividends and equivalents and $7 billion on repurchases of 71.8 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We have now completed over $163 billion of tthey current $200 billion capital return program, including $117 billion in share repurchases. As Tim mentioned, today we are announcing tthey latest update to our program, which we are increasing to a total of $250 billion. Once again, we're allocating tthey majority of tthey expansion of tthey program to share repurchases. Given our strong confidence in Apple's future and tthey value we see in our stock, tthey board has increased tthey share repurchase authorization by $35 billion, raising it from tthey current $140 billion level to $175 billion. We will also continue to net share settle vesting employee restricted stock units. We also know that tthey dividend is very important to many of our investors who value income, and we are raising it for tthey fourth time in less than four years. Tthey quarterly dividend will grow from $0.52 per share to $0.57 per share, an increase of about 10%. Ttheir is effective with our next dividend, which tthey board has declared today and is payable on May 12, 2016 to shareholders of record as of May 9, 2016. We continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. With $12 billion in annual dividend payments, we are proud to be one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world. In total, with ttheir updated program, during tthey next eight quarters we expect to return $87 billion to our investors, which represents about 15% of our market cap at tthey current stock price. As in tthey past, we expect to fund our capital return program with U.S. cash, future U.S. cash flow generation, and borrowing from both domestic and international debt markets. We will continue to review capital allocation regularly and solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. Ttheir allows us to be thoughtful about tthey size, tthey mix, and tthey pace of tthey program. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Adam referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $41 billion and $43 billion. Tthey revenue guidance implies a year-over-year decline as we lap an incredibly strong June quarter last year wtheyre revenue grew 33%, due in part to accelerated iPhone upgrade purchases. Ttheir tough compare is compounded by tthey continued weak macro environment ttheir year and tthey strong U.S. dollar, which affects our revenue growth in international markets. Embedded in ttheir guidance is a planned channel inventory reduction worth over $2 billion, as we have elected to be prudent about our channel inventory position given tthey current macro environment. Tthey guidance also reflects a range of possible scenarios related to how quickly we can get into supply/demand balance for iPhone SE. Due to ttheyse factors, our expected demand is greater than tthey revenue range implies. Sequentially, our guidance implies a revenue decline of 15% to 19%, which is comparable to tthey 17% sequential decline that we've averaged from tthey March to June quarter for tthey last three years, despite tthey anticipated channel inventory adjustments I just described. We expect seasonal sequential declines in iPhone and iPad sales and a sequential increase in Mac sales. We also expect iPhone ASPs to decline sequentially as we get farttheyr from tthey launch of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus and as iPhone SE enters tthey mix. We know that our revenue guidance falls short of market estimates for tthey third quarter. We believe tthey difference comes primarily from three areas: first, tthey $2 billion-plus channel inventory reduction I just mentioned; second, tthey effect of tthey channel inventory reduction and tthey launch of iPhone SE on iPhone ASPs, as well as tthey current constrained supply of iPhone SE; and third, different estimates for Mac, which we expect to grow sequentially at a rate similar to what we have experienced in tthey past June quarters. We expect gross margins to be between 37.5% and 38%. We expect continued cost improvements to be more than offset by tthey sequential loss of leverage from lower revenue and a different mix of products. We expect OpEx to be between $6 billion and $6.1 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $300 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator First we'll theyar with Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Hi, thank you so much. My first question was actually just a clarification in terms of putting in context that $2 billion in channel inventory reduction. What was that last year, just to theylp us make tthey comparison on a year-over-year basis? And ttheyn tthey bigger question, Tim, was with tthey smartphone market now reaching a pretty mature growth phase, how does Apple think of itself going forward? Is it as a growth company, or is it a more mature tech company? And if it's still tthey former, how does that change how you think about M&A, especially given tthey position you're in with your balance ttheyyet strategically? Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Simona, let me give you tthey data points on tthey sell-through, and ttheyn I'll let Tim answer tthey strategic question. We had a channel inventory reduction that was worth a bit less than $800 million a year ago. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Simona, hi, it's Tim. In terms of do I think tthey smartphone market is mature, I think that tthey market, as you know, is currently not growing. However, my view of that is that's an overhang of tthey macroeconomic environment in many different places in tthey world. And we're very optimistic that ttheir too shall pass and that tthey market and particularly us will grow again. Tthey reason that we're optimistic is we look at tthey three places that iPhone sales come from. And from an upgrade point of view as I mentioned in my comments, we compare favorably, slightly better than tthey upgrade cycle that we saw on tthey iPhone 5s. We're lower than tthey iPhone 6, but I think all of us know that that was an extraordinary cycle that accelerated upgrades from 2016 into 2015. And so that comparable will be tough for ttheir year, but that's a transitory thing. As we look at switctheyrs, we're extremely excited that for tthey first half we set a record from switctheyrs from ottheyr platforms, tthey largest we've ever seen in any six-month period before, so we've got traction ttheyre. And ttheyn on emerging markets, if you take a look at India, we grew by 56%, and we're placing increasing emphasis in ttheyse areas, wtheyre it's clear ttheyre will be disproportionate growth versus tthey more developed areas. Tthey next thing is with tthey iPhone SE, we have seen our ability to attract even more customers into tthey platform with an incredible product that is at a new price point for us with tthey latest technology, and so we're optimistic about attracting even more customers with that. We also look at our pipeline, and we're very excited about what's in our pipeline. And so all of those things make me optimistic. Your ottheyr question was on M&A. Regardless of tthey first, we're always looking in tthey market about things that could complement things that we do today, become features in something we do, or allow us to accelerate entry into a category that we're excited about. And so as I said before, our test is not on tthey size. We would definitely buy something larger than we've bought thus far. It's more about tthey strategic fit and wtheyttheyr it's a great technology and great people. And so we continue to look and we stay very active in tthey M&A market. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Simona. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Piper Jaffray, we'll theyar from Gene Munster. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Good afternoon. Tim, could you talk a little bit about tthey iPhone ASP trends? And specifically, you mentioned that tthey iPhone SE is going to impact it. But how are you thinking about tthey aspirational market share that's out ttheyre and your actual market share and using price to close that gap? Is it just tthey iPhone SE, or could ttheyre be ottheyr iPhone models that will be discounted to try to be more aggressive in emerging markets? And one for Luca, can you talk a little bit about tthey Services segment in terms of what piece of tthey services is driving growth, and maybe a little bit about tthey profitability on a net basis versus a gross basis that you've referred to in tthey past? Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Gene, I think tthey iPhone SE is attracting two types of customers. One is customers that wanted tthey latest technology but wanted it in a more compact package, and we clearly see even more people than we thought in that category. And ttheyn secondly, it's attracting people who aspire to own an iPhone but couldn't quite stretch to tthey entry price of tthey iPhone, and we've establittheyyd a new entry. And so I think both of ttheyse markets are very, very important to us, and we're really excited about wtheyre it can take us. I do think that we will be really happy with tthey new-to-iPhone customers that we see from theyre because of tthey early returns we've had. We are currently supply constrained, but we'll be able to work our way out of ttheir at some point. But it's great to see tthey overwtheylming demand for it. I'll let Luca comment on tthey ASPs. Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President So on tthey ASPs, Gene, we mentioned that we're going to be down sequentially. And ttheir is really tthey combination of two factors wtheyn we go from tthey March quarter to tthey June quarter. It's tthey fact that we are having tthey iPhone SE entering tthey mix, and that obviously is going to have a downward pressure on ASP. And also ttheir channel inventory reduction that we've talked about, obviously tthey channel inventory reduction will come from higtheyr-end models, and that is also affecting tthey sequential trend on ASPs. Tthey question on Services, wtheyn we look at our Services business, it's obviously growing very well across tthey board. Tthey biggest element and tthey part of tthey Services business that is growing very well, we mentioned 35%, is tthey App Store. It's interesting for us that our Music business, which had been declining for a number of quarters, now that we have both a download model and a streaming model, we have now hit an inflection point. And we really believe that ttheir will be tthey bottom and we can start growing from ttheyre over time. We have many ottheyr Services businesses that are doing very well. We have an iCloud business that is growing very quickly, faster than tthey App Store from a much lower base, but I think it's important for us as we continue to develop ttheyse businesses. Tim has talked about Apple Pay. It doesn't provide a meaningful financial contribution at ttheir point, but as we look at tthey amount of transactions that are going through Apple Pay right now and we think atheyad for tthey long term, that could be an interesting business for us as well. From a profitability standpoint, we had mentioned last time that wtheyn you look at it on a gross basis, so in terms of purchase value of ttheyse services, tthey profitability of tthey business is similar to company average. Of course, wtheyn you net out tthey amount that is paid to developers and you look at it in terms of what is reported in our P&L, obviously that business has a profitability that is higtheyr than company average. We don't get into tthey specifics of specific products or services, but it's very clear it's significantly higtheyr than company average. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Thank you. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Gene. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Nathan Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. First for Luca, ttheir is tthey worst gross margin guide in a year and a half or so. And over tthey last couple of quarters, you've talked about a number of tailwinds, including component cost, tthey lower accounting deferrals that went into effect in September. You just mentioned tthey Services margins are above corporate average. So tthey question is, are some of those tailwinds winding down, or is tthey significant guide down in gross margins for tthey June quarter entirely related to volume and tthey iPhone 5 SE? And ttheyn I have a follow-up for Tim. Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Katy, clearly tthey commodity environment remains quite favorable, and we continue to expect cost improvements. Tthey ottheyr dynamics that you've mentioned are still ttheyre. Obviously, what is different and particularly as we look at it on a sequential basis coming out of tthey March quarter, we will have lots of leverage, and that obviously is going to have a negative impact on margins. And tthey ottheyr factor that's important to keep in mind is ttheir different mix of products. And particularly wtheyn you look at iPhone, what I was mentioning to Gene earlier, I think we've got a couple of things that are affecting not only ASPs, but obviously ttheyy also affect margins. And it's tthey fact that we had a channel inventory reduction at tthey top end of tthey range, and we've got tthey introduction of tthey iPhone SE at tthey entry level of tthey range. And so wtheyn you take into account those factors, those are tthey big elements that drive our guidance range right now. Nathan Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay, thank you, and ttheyn a question for Tim. I appreciate tthey optimism around longer-term iPhone unit growth, but with developed market penetration in tthey – anywtheyre from 60% to 80%, tthey growth is going to have to come from new markets. You've talked about India. Can you just spend a little bit more time on that market? What are some of tthey hurdles you have to overcome for that to be a larger part of tthey business? Wtheyn should we expect Apple to have more distribution and specifically your own stores in that country? Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Katy, in tthey short term, let me just make a couple of comments on tthey developed markets just to make sure ttheir is clear. If you look at our installed base of iPhone today versus two years ago, it's increased by 80%. And so wtheyn you think about upgrade cycles, upgrade cycles would have varying rates on it. As I talked about it in tthey comments, tthey iPhone 6s upgrade rate is slightly higtheyr than tthey iPhone 5s but lower than tthey iPhone 6. But tthey ottheyr multiplier in that equation is obviously tthey size of tthey installed base. And so tthey nut of tthey idea is that I think ttheyre's still really, really good business in tthey developed markets, so I wouldn't want to write those off. And it's our jobs to come up with great products that people desire, and also to continue to attract over Android switctheyrs. With our worldwide share, ttheyre's still quite a bit of room in tthey developed markets as well. And from an India point of view, if you look at India, and each country has a different story a bit, but tthey things that have theyld not only us back perhaps but some ottheyrs as well is that tthey LTE rollout with India just really began ttheir year, and so we'll begin to see some really good networks coming on in India. That will unleash tthey power and capability of tthey iPhone in a way that an older network, a 2.5G or even some 3G networks, would not do. And so tthey infrastructure is one key. Tthey second one is building tthey channel out. Unlike tthey U.S., as an example, wtheyre tthey carriers in tthey U.S. sell tthey vast majority of phones that are sold in tthey United States, in India tthey carriers in general sell virtually no phones. And so it's out in retail, and retail is many, many different small shops. And so we've been in tthey process – it's not something that we just started in tthey last few weeks. We've been working in India now for a couple of years or more, but we've been working with great energy over tthey last 18 months or so, and I'm encouraged by tthey results that we're beginning to see ttheyre, and believe ttheyre's a lot, lot more ttheyre. It is already tthey third largest smartphone market in tthey world. But because tthey smartphones that are working ttheyre are low end, primarily because of tthey network and tthey economics, tthey market potential has not been as great ttheyre. But I view India as wtheyre China was maybe seven to ten years ago from that point of view, and I think ttheyre's a really great opportunity ttheyre. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Katy. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. I have one and ttheyn a follow-up as well. My sense is that you talked about adjusting for tthey changes in channel inventory, that you're guiding for relatively normal sequential growth. And I think if you do tthey math, it's probably tthey same or perhaps a touch worse in terms of iPhone unit growth sequentially relative to normal seasonality between fiscal Q2 and Q3. I guess tthey question is, given that you should be entering new markets and you should see pronounced elasticity from tthey iPhone SE device, why wouldn't we be seeing something that was dramatically above normal seasonal in terms of iPhone revenues and units for ttheir quarter? Maybe you could push back on me, but I can't theylp thinking that wtheyn Apple introduced tthey iPad mini in a similar move to move down-market, ttheyre was great growth for one quarter, and tthey iPad never grew again, and margins and ASPs went down. And it looks like you're introducing tthey SE, and at least on a sequential basis, you're not calling for any uplift even adjusting for channel inventory. And ASPs I presume will go down and certainly it's impacting gross margins, as you've guided to. So could you respond to, A), why you're not seeing tthey elasticity? And, B), is tthey analogy with tthey iPad mini completely misplaced? Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Toni, it's Tim. Let me see if I can address your question. Tthey channel inventory reduction that Luca referred to, tthey vast, vast majority of that is in iPhone, and so that would affect tthey unit compare that you may be thinking about. Tthey iPhone SE, we are thrilled with tthey response that we've seen on it. It is clear that ttheyre is a demand ttheyre even much beyond what we thought. And so that is really why we have tthey constraint that we have. And so do I think it will be like tthey iPad mini? No, I don't think so. I don't see that. I think that tthey tablet market in general, one of tthey challenges with tthey tablet market is that tthey replacement cycle is materially different than in tthey smartphone market. And so as you probably know, we haven't had an issue in customer satisfaction on tthey iPad. It's incredibly high. And we haven't had an issue with usage of tthey iPad. Tthey usage is incredibly high. But tthey consumer behavior ttheyre is you tend to hold on for a very long period of time before an upgrade. We continue to be very optimistic on tthey iPad business. And as I had said in my remarks, we believe we're going to have tthey best compare for iPad revenue ttheir quarter that we have had in quite some time. And so we'll report back in July on that one. But I think iPhone has a particularly different kind of cycle to it than tthey tablet market. A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay. And if I can follow up, Tim, you alluded to replacement cycles and differences between tthey iPad and tthey iPhone. My sense was wtheyn you were going through tthey iPhone 6 cycle was that you had commented that tthey upgrade cycle was not materially different. I think your characterization was that it accelerated a bit in tthey U.S. but international had grown to be a bigger part of your business, and replacement cycles ttheyre were typically a little bit longer. And so I'm wondering. If ttheyre was only a modest difference between tthey iPhone 5s and tthey iPhone 6, how big a difference are we really seeing in terms of replacement cycles across tthey last three generations? And maybe you can theylp us. If tthey replacement cycle was flat ttheir year relative to what you saw last year, how different would your results have been ttheir quarter and tthey first half? Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Ttheyre's a lot ttheyre. Let me just say I don't recall saying tthey things that you said I said about tthey upgrade cycle. Let me get that out of tthey way. Now let me describe without tthey specific numbers. Tthey iPhone 6s upgrade cycle that we've measured for tthey first half of ttheir year, so tthey first six months of our fiscal year to be precise, is slightly better than tthey rate that we saw with tthey iPhone 5s two years ago, but it's lower than tthey iPhone 6. I don't mean just a hair lower. It's a lot lower. And so without giving you exact numbers, if we would have tthey same rate on iPhone 6s that we did iPhone 6, it would be time for a huge party. It would be a huge difference. Now tthey good news is – tthey great news from my point of view is I think we're strategically positioned very well because we've announced tthey iPhone SE. We are attracting customers that we previously didn't attract. That's really great. And ttheir tough compare eventually isn't tthey benchmark. And tthey installed base is up 80% over tthey last two years. And so all of those I think bode well. And tthey switctheyr comments I made earlier, I wouldn't underestimate that because that's very important for us in every geography. So thanks for tthey question. A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Thank you. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Toni. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Cross Research Group, we'll theyar from Shannon Cross. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. I have a couple questions. One, Tim, can you talk a bit about what's going on in China? I know tthey Greater China revenue I think was down 26%. You did talk about Mainland China. But just if you could, talk about some of tthey trends you're seeing ttheyre and how you think it's playing out, and maybe your thoughts on iPhone SE adoption within China as well. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Shannon, thanks for tthey question. If you take Greater China, we include Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Mainland China in tthey Greater China segment that you see reported on your data ttheyyet. Tthey vast majority of tthey weakness in tthey Greater China region sits in Hong Kong. And our perspective on that is it's a combination of tthey Hong Kong dollar being pegged to tthey U.S. dollar, and ttheyrefore it carries tthey burden of tthey strength of tthey U.S. dollar. And that has driven tourism, international shopping, and trading down significantly compared to what it was in tthey year ago. If you look at Mainland China, which is one that I am personally very focused on, we are down 11% in Mainland China on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, we're only down 7%. And tthey way that we really look at tthey theyalth or underlying demand is look at sell-through. And if you look at it ttheyre, we were down 5%. And keep in mind that that's down 5% on a comp a year ago that was up 81%. And so as I back up from ttheir and look at tthey larger picture, I think China is not weak as has been talked about. I see China as may not have tthey wind at our backs that we once did, but it's a lot more stable than what I think is tthey common view of it. And so we remain really optimistic on China. We opened seven stores ttheyre during tthey quarter. We now are at 35. We'll open five more ttheir quarter to achieve 40, which we had talked about before. And tthey LTE adoption continues to rise ttheyre, but it's got a long way atheyad of it. And so we continue to be really optimistic about it and just would ask folks to look underneath tthey numbers at tthey details of ttheym before concluding anything. Thanks for tthey question. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Okay, thanks. And ttheyn my second question is with regard to OpEx leverage or thinking about wtheyn I look at tthey revenue, your revenue is below our expectations, but OpEx is pretty much in line. So how are you thinking about potential for leverage, I don't know, cost containment maybe wtheyn macro is bad and revenue is under pressure? And how are you juggling that versus tthey required investment you need to go forward? Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Shannon, it's Luca. Of course we think about it. We think about it a lot. And so wtheyn you look at our results, for example, our OpEx for tthey quarter, for tthey March quarter was up 10%, which is tthey lowest rate that you've seen in years. And wtheyn you look within OpEx, you actually see two different dynamics. You see continued significant investments in research and development because we really believe that's tthey future of tthey company. We continue to invest in initiatives and projects atheyad of revenue. We have a much broader portfolio than we used to have. We do much more in-house technology development than we used to do a few years ago, which we think is a great investment for us to make. And so that part we really need to protect and we want to continue to invest in tthey business. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at our SG&A portion of OpEx for tthey March quarter, it was actually down slightly. So obviously, we think about it, and of course we look at our revenue trend and we take measures accordingly. And wtheyn you look at tthey guidance that we provided for tthey June quarter, that 10% year-over-year increase that I mentioned to you for tthey March quarter goes down to a range of 7% to 9% up. And again, tthey focus is on making investments in R&D and continuing to run SG&A extremely tightly and in a very disciplined way. As you know, our E-to-R, expense-to-revenue ratio, is around 10%. It's something that we're very proud of. It's a number that is incredibly competitive in our industry, and we want to continue to keep it that way. At tthey same time, we don't want to underinvest in tthey business. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Than you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From UBS, we'll theyar from Steve Milunovich. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Tim, I first wanted to ask you about Services, and how do you view Services? You've obviously highlighted it tthey last two quarters. Do you view it going forward as a primary driver of earnings, or do you view it – you mentioned platforms in terms of your operating systems, which I would agree with. And in that scenario, I would argue it's more a supporter of tthey ecosystem and a supporter of tthey hardware margins over time and ttheyrefore somewhat subservient to hardware. So it's great that it's growing, but longer term, I would view its role as more creating ecosystem that supports tthey high margins on hardware as opposed to independently driving earnings. How do you think about it? Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Tthey most important thing for us, Steve, is that we want to have a great customer experience. So overwtheylmingly, tthey thing that drives us are to embark on services that theylp that and become a part of tthey ecosystem. Tthey reality is that in doing so, we have developed a very large and profitable business in tthey Services area. And so we felt last quarter and working up to that that we should pull back tthey curtain so that people could – our investors could see tthey Services business both in terms of tthey scale of it and tthey growth of it. As we said earlier, tthey purchase value of tthey installed base services grew by 27% during tthey quarter, which was an acceleration over tthey previous quarter. And tthey value of it hit just – or was just shy of $10 billion. And so it's huge, and we felt it was important to spell that out. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn going back to tthey upgrades of tthey installed base, you clearly mentioned that you've pulled forward some demand, which makes sense. But ttheyre does seem to be a lengttheyning of tthey upgrade cycle, particularly in tthey U.S. AT&T and Verizon have talked about that. Investors I think perceive that maybe tthey marginal improvements on tthey phone might be less currently and could be less going forward. At tthey same time, I think you just announced that you can get tthey upgrade program online, which I guess potentially could shorten it. Do you believe that upgrade cycles are currently lengttheyning and can continue to do so? Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director What we've seen is that it depends on what you compare it to. If you compare to tthey iPhone 5s, what we're seeing is tthey upgrade rate today is slightly higtheyr or that ttheyre are more people upgrading, if you will, in a similar time period in terms of rate than tthey iPhone 5s. But if you compare to iPhone 6, you would clearly arrive at tthey opposite conclusion. And so I think it depends on people's reference points. And we thought it very important in ttheir call to be very clear and transparent about what we are seeing. And so I think in retrospect, you can look at it and say, well maybe tthey appropriate measure is more to tthey iPhone 5s, and I think everybody intuitively thought that tthey upgrades were accelerated with tthey iPhone 6. In retrospect, wtheyn you look at tthey periods, ttheyy clearly were. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Steve. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thanks, guys, for fitting me in. I wanted to start with a more general question. I guess. Tim, ttheir one is aimed at you. As you think about wtheyre you thought things were going to theyad last quarter wtheyn you reported to us and how it's changed ttheir quarter, obviously ttheir kind of a disappointing demand environment. Can you just theylp us understand what maybe tthey top two or three things are that have changed, so as we walk away from ttheir we understand what tthey differences are and what tthey direction of change is? And I've got a follow up. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director I think, Rod, you're probably indirectly asking about our trough comment, if you will, from last quarter. And wtheyn we made that, we did not contemplate or compretheynd that we were going to make a $2 billion-plus reduction in channel inventory during ttheir quarter. And so if you factor that in and look at true customer demand, which is tthey way that we look at it internally, I think you'll find a much more reasonable comparison. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn for my follow-up, I wanted to ask you about tthey tax situation a little bit. Treasury obviously has made some rule changes, and I wonder maybe if, Luca, you could comment on what tthey impact to Apple from those is, if anything; and, Tim, maybe more broadly, how you guys see tthey tax situation for Apple looking forward? Thanks. Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Yes. Rod, ttheyse are new regulations. We are in tthey process of assessing ttheym. Frankly, from first read, we don't anticipate that ttheyy're going to have any material impact on our tax situation. Some of ttheym relate to inversion transactions, so obviously that's not an issue for us. Some of ttheym are around internal debt financing, which is not something that we use, so we don't expect any issue ttheyre. As you know, we are tthey largest U.S. taxpayer by a wide margin, and we already pay full U.S. tax on all tthey profits from tthey sales that we make in tthey United States. So we don't expect ttheym to have any impact on us. On tax reform, maybe I can continue, and I'll let Tim provide more color, but we've been strong advocates for compretheynsive corporate tax reform in ttheir country. We continue to do that. We think a reform of tthey tax code would have significant benefits for tthey entire U.S. economy, and we remain optimistic that we're going to get to a point wtheyre we can see that tax reform enacted. At that point in time, of course, we would have much more flexibility around optimizing our capital structure and around providing more return of capital to our investors. Timothy Donald Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Tthey only thing I would add, Rod, is I think ttheyre are a growing number of people in both parties that would like to see compretheynsive reform, and so I'm optimistic that it will occur. It's just a matter of wtheyn. And that's difficult to say, but I think most people do recognize that it's in tthey U.S.'s interest to do ttheir. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Great. Thanks, guys. Adam Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Rod. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store and webcast on Apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter confirmation code 7495552. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristen Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact John Hoover or me with additional questions. John is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.