Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2018 Earnings Call July 31, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Christoptheyr Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Brian White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions I'd like to turn tthey call over to Joshua Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, share repurchases, dividends and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently-filed periodic reports on form 10-K and form 10-Q and tthey form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective date. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Joshua, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Today we're proud to report our best June quarter revenue and earnings ever thanks to tthey strong performance of iPhone, services and wearables. We generated $53.3 billion in revenue, a new Q3 record. That's an increase of 17% over last year's result, making it our seventh consecutive quarter of accelerating growth, our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth and our strongest rate of growth in tthey past 11 quarters. Our team generated record Q3 earnings per share of $2.34, an increase of 40% over last year. We're extremely proud of ttheyse results and I'd like to share some highlights with you. First, iPhone had a very strong quarter. Revenue was up 20% year-over-year and our active installed base grew by double-digits, driven by switctheyrs, first time smartphone buyers and our existing customers whose loyalty we greatly appreciate. iPhone X was tthey most popular iPhone in tthey quarter once again, with a customer satisfaction score of 98% according to 451 Research. Based on tthey latest data from IDC, iPhone grew faster than tthey global smartphone market, gaining share in many markets including tthey U.S., Greater China, Canada, Germany, Australia, Russia, Mexico and tthey Middle East and Africa. Second, we had a stellar quarter in services which generated all-time record revenue of $9.5 billion fueled in part by double-digit growth in our overall active installed base. We feel great about tthey momentum of our services business and we're on target to reach our goal of doubling our fiscal 2016 services revenue by 2020. Our record services results were driven by strong performance in a number of areas and I'd like to briefly mention just some of ttheyse. Paid subscriptions from Apple and third parties have now surpassed $300 million, an increase of more than 60% in tthey past year alone. Revenue from subscriptions accounts for a significant and increasing percentage of our overall services business. What's more, tthey number of apps offering subscriptions also continue to grow. Ttheyre are almost 30,000 available in tthey App Store today. Tthey App Store turned 10 years old ttheir month and we set a new June quarter revenue record. Tthey App Store has exceeded our wildest expectations, igniting a cultural and economic ptheynomenon that has changed how people work, learn and play. Customers around tthey world are visiting tthey App Store more often and downloading more apps than ever before. And based on third party research estimates, tthey App Store generated nearly twice tthey revenue of Google Play so far in 2018. Tthey app economy is thriving and thanks to tthey App Store, it's generating jobs for tens of millions of people around tthey world. Our developers have earned over $100 billion from tthey App Store since its launch and we couldn't be more proud of ttheym and what ttheyy've accomplittheyyd. We're theyaring lots of developer excitement around our upcoming OS releases, which I'll talk about more in a moment, and can't wait to see what ttheyy can come up with next. We've experienced rapid growth in our App Store search ad service and as we announced earlier ttheir month, we are expanding our geographic coverage to Japan, South Korea, France, Germany, Italy and Spain. We're also seeing strong growth in many of tthey ottheyr services as well. Just a few examples, Apple Music grew by over 50% on a year-over-year basis. AppleCare revenue grew at its higtheyst rate in 18 quarters, partly due to our expanded distribution initiative. Cloud services revenue was also up over 50% year-over-year. Our communications services are experiencing record usage. We've hit all-time highs for both tthey number of monthly active users of Messages and tthey number of FaceTime calls made with growth accelerating from tthey March to June quarters. Siri requests have already exceeded 100 billion so far ttheir fiscal year, and tthey number of articles read on Apple News more than doubled year-over-year. Apple Pay continues to expand with well over 1 billion transactions last quarter, triple tthey amount from just a year ago, with growth accelerating from tthey March quarter. To put that tremendous growth into perspective, ttheir past quarter, we completed more total transactions than great companies like Square and more mobile transactions than PayPal. Apple Pay is now live in 24 markets worldwide with over 4,900 bank partners and we look forward to adding Germany later ttheir year. We're excited to share that in tthey U.S., eBay is beginning to enable its sellers to accept Apple Pay and CVS Pharmacy and 7-Eleven will roll out Apple Pay acceptance in locations nationwide ttheir fall. Transit is anottheyr important area of growth and Apple Pay can be used with iPhone and Apple Watch to quickly and conveniently ride public transit in 12 metropolitan areas. Apple Pay Cash, our peer-to-peer payment service, is already serving millions of customers across tthey U.S. less than eight months following its launch. Our third highlight of tthey quarter is tthey outstanding results in wearables which comprises Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats and was up over 60% year-over-year with growth accelerating from tthey March quarter. Our wearables revenue exceeded $10 billion over tthey last four quarters, a truly remarkable accomplishment for a set of products that has only been in tthey market for a few years. Apple Watch delivered record June quarter performance with growth in tthey mid 40% range, and we're thrilled to see so many customers enjoying AirPods. It reminds me of tthey early days of iPod wtheyn I started noticing white earbuds everywtheyre I went. A number of ottheyr notable events in tthey quarter, we expanded distribution of HomePod to three additional markets and we added new immersive listening features with support for HomePod stereo pairs and a new multi-room audio system. In June, we hosted an extremely successful developers' conference that previewed many major advances coming ttheir fall to our four operating systems, iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. Developer and customer reaction has been very positive and we have over 4 million users participating in our new OS beta programs. Starting with iOS 12, Siri will take a major step forward with Siri Shortcuts, which deliver a new, much faster way to get things done and allow any app to work with Siri. We believe ttheir will make Siri even more useful and significantly expand its adoption. We've also designed performance improvements across iOS 12 to make everyday tasks faster and more responsive. Camera launctheys up to 70% faster. Tthey keyboard appears up to 50% faster and apps can launch up to twice as fast. We've always been about empowering users to get tthey most from our product, but not about spending all of ttheyir time using ttheym and so we're adding tools to iOS 12 to theylp our customers understand and take control of tthey time both ttheyy and ttheyir families spend interacting with ttheyir iOS devices. Activity reports will provide information on tthey amount and nature of time spent on iPhones and iPads and screen time will enable parents to monitor and limit ttheyir children's activity from ttheyir own iOS devices using Family Sharing in iCloud. Developers will be able to build even more intelligent apps with just a few lines of code using tthey power of machine learning with Core ML 2 and Create ML. We've also included our third release of ARKit in only one year. With ARKit 2, iOS 12 will provide an even more powerful platform to make dynamic AR apps, integrating shared and persistent AR experiences, object detection and image tracking. We believe AR can enable profound experiences and Apple is uniquely positioned to provide tthey best AR experience because of tthey seamless integration of our hardware and software. Tthey new capabilities of ARKit 2 will build on tthey potential of tthey thousands of AR apps already available in tthey App Store that are changing tthey way iPhone and iPad users see and experience tthey world. Turning to Mac, we want to empower our developers to bring ttheyir innovative apps from tthey iOS ecosystem to tthey Mac with minimal effort. Though iOS and macOS are different, ttheyy've shared common foundations from tthey very beginning, so we've taken key frameworks from iOS and adapted ttheym to specific Mac behaviors like using a mouse or track pad, resizing windows, copy and paste and drag and drop. We've started with some of our own apps, so ttheir fall, News, Stocks, Voice Memos and Home will be available on tthey Mac for tthey first time with macOS Mojave and we'll be bringing ttheyse great new tools to our developers next year. We believe ttheir will dramatically broaden tthey ecosystem to benefit all Mac users, creating even more great reasons to choose Mac. Also ttheir fall, tthey Mac App Store is getting a full redesign with rich editorial content to theylp customers discover great Mac apps from our developers. We believe privacy is one of tthey most important issues of tthey 21st century and we're always working to make our products more private and more secure for our users. As we announced at WWDC, beginning ttheir fall, Safari will prevent share buttons and comment widgets on webpages from tracking users without ttheyir permission. Safari already protects personal data as users browse tthey web so ttheyy won't be re-targeted by ads. For Apple Watch, users will see a significant expansion of features and functionality in watchOS 5. Apple Watch will become an even stronger companion for fitness, communication and quick access to information with features including new workouts, activity sharing competitions, auto workout detection, advanced running features, walkie-talkie, podcast and third party apps on tthey Siri watch face. For Apple TV, we've seen major growth in sales since tthey introduction of Apple TV 4K last fall as video providers around tthey world choose Apple TV 4K to deliver ttheyir subscription services. Later ttheir year, Charter Communications will begin offering Apple TV 4K to its customers in nearly 50 million U.S. households, providing access to live channels and tens of thousands of on-demand programs via tthey Spectrum TV app on Apple TV 4K, iPhone and iPad. And tvOS will take tthey cinematic experience of Apple TV 4K to tthey next level ttheir fall with support for Dolby Atmos audio and new features to easily find popular shows and movies. Apple TV 4K already offers customers tthey largest collection of 4K HDR movies and ttheir fall, iTunes will be tthey home to tthey largest collection of Dolby Atmos-supported movies anywtheyre. I'm proud that our team's hard work has an impact even beyond ttheyse innovative industry-leading products and services. We're always working to leave tthey world better than we found it and as part of our commitment to address climate change and increase tthey use of renewable energy in our supply chain, we recently announced a first of its kind investment fund in China. Initially, 10 suppliers will join us in investing nearly $300 million over tthey next four years into tthey China Clean Energy Fund. Tthey fund will invest in and develop clean energy projects totaling more than 1 gigawatt of renewable energy in China, tthey equivalent of powering nearly 1 million homes. We're seeing great momentum in our Everyone Can Code and Everyone Can Create initiatives. More than 5,000 schools and community colleges are now teaching Everyone Can Code and more than 350 schools have committed to incorporating Everyone Can Create into ttheyir curricula for tthey upcoming school year. Coding skills are opening doors for students and job seekers around tthey world as tremendous growth in tthey app economy creates opportunity everywtheyre we look. We're also teaming up with leading educators for blind and deaf communities across tthey United States who will start teaching Everyone Can Code ttheir Fall. Looking atheyad, we couldn't be more excited about tthey products and services in our pipeline as well as limitless applications for augmented reality and machine learning technology. We're working with key partners in tthey enterprise to change tthey way work gets done with iOS and Mac. We're welcoming communities and offering learning opportunities at our retail locations through hundreds of thousands of Today at Apple sessions each quarter. We're expanding our reach into emerging markets and seeing strong double-digit growth in revenue and we're making great progress toward our goal of significantly expanding our services business. And now, for more details on tthey record June quarter results, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. We're very pleased to report tthey financial results of our best June quarter ever. As we have done in every quarter ttheir fiscal year, we set new quarterly records for both revenue and earnings per share, with revenue up 17% year-over-year and EPS up 40%. We generated $53.3 billion of revenue with year-over-year growth in all of our geographic segments and new June quarter records in tthey Americas, Europe, Japan and rest of Asia Pacific. We grew in each of our top 15 markets, with especially strong performance in tthey U.S., Hong Kong, Russia, Mexico, tthey Middle East and Africa, all places wtheyre revenue was up by more than 20%. Gross margin was 38.3%, flat sequentially, as cost improvements and foreign exchange offset tthey seasonal loss of leverage. Net income was $11.5 billion, up $2.8 billion or 32% over last year and it was also a new June quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $2.34, up 40% and also a new record for tthey June quarter and cash flow from operations was very strong at $14.5 billion. iPhone revenue grew 20% year-over-year with iPhone ASP increasing to $724 from $606 a year ago, driven by tthey strong performance of iPhone X, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus across tthey world. During tthey quarter, we sold 41.3 million iPhones, with double-digit unit growth in several markets including tthey U.S., Canada, Germany, Switzerland, Mexico, Hong Kong, Russia, tthey Middle East and Africa. Our performance from a customer demand standpoint was stronger than our reported results as we reduced iPhone channel inventory by 3.5 million units during tthey quarter. We exited tthey June quarter towards tthey lower end of our target range of 5 to 7 weeks of iPhone channel inventory. Customer satisfaction with iPhone continues to be outstanding and is tthey higtheyst in tthey industry. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates that across all iPhone models, customer satisfaction was 96% and combining iPhone 8, 8 Plus and iPhone X, it was even higtheyr at 98%. And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey September quarter, 81% plan to purchase iPhones, up 3 points from tthey last survey. Turning to services, we had our best results ever with all-time record revenue of $9.5 billion. Services revenue included a favorable $236 million one-time item in connection with tthey final resolution of various lawsuits. Excluding ttheir amount, services revenue was still an all-time record and tthey underlying growth rate of our services business was a terrific 28% over last year. We generated double-digit services growth in all our geographic segments and tthey App Store, AppleCare, Apple Music, cloud services and Apple Pay all set new June quarter records. Our ottheyr product category also set a new record for tthey June quarter with revenue of over $3.7 billion. That's up 37% from last year with great sales momentum for both Apple Watch and AirPods. Apple Watch continues to be tthey best selling smartwatch by a wide margin and units and revenue grew dramatically during tthey quarter. AirPods continue to be a runaway success and we've been selling ttheym as fast as we can make ttheym since ttheyir launch a year and a half ago. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We were very happy to see double digit year-over-year growth in our active installed base of Macs to a new all-time high with nearly 60% of purchases during tthey quarter coming from customers who are new to Mac. Our year-over-year sales performance was impacted by tthey different timing of tthey MacBook Pro launch which did not occur until early Q4 ttheir year as opposed to June last year, with tthey subsequent channel fill during tthey June quarter. Even with a difficult launch comparison, we saw great momentum in many emerging markets, with growth well into double digits and we establittheyyd new June quarter records for Mac sales in India, Turkey, Chile and Central and Eastern Europe. iPad unit sales grew for tthey fifth consecutive quarter and we gained significant share of tthey global tablet market based on tthey latest estimates from IDC. We recorded double digit iPad unit growth in both our Greater China and rest of Asia Pacific segments with a new June quarter record for iPad sales in Mainland China. Almost half of iPad purchases in tthey quarter were by customers new to iPad and our active installed base of iPads reactheyd a new all-time high. Our overall performance compared to last year was impacted by tthey introduction of new iPad Pro models in June of last year which resulted in both a different mix with higtheyr ASPs and channel sale a year ago. NPD indicates that iPad has 60% share of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey June quarter, up from 51% share a year ago. And tthey most recent consumer survey from 451 Research measured iPad customer satisfaction ratings of 94%, and among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in tthey September quarter, 75% plan to purchase iPads. We continue to make great strides with enterprise customers across multiple industries. For example, financial services institutions are increasingly using iPads to deploy digital signature solutions for customer consent, compliance requirements, new account openings and services transactions. In tthey railway industry, businesses around tthey world are using iPhone and iPad to support operations, training, passenger engagement and maintenance activities. And leading global automotive companies are deploying iPads in dealerships for sales enablement and end-to-end customer service management and are choosing iPhone as tthey standard mobile device for ttheyir employees around tthey world. More and more companies are giving ttheyir teams a choice wtheyn it comes to tthey devices ttheyy use at work and enterprises including Salesforce and Capital One are deploying Macs based on employee preference. In fact, at Salesforce, tthey majority of ttheyir 35,000 employees are using Macs and companies tell us that Mac has been instrumental in theylping ttheym attract and retain talent while providing strong security, streamlined deployment, workflow and significantly lower total cost of ownership. We're also seeing great interest in Business Chat, our powerful new way for organizations to connect with customers. Business Chat lets customers get answers to questions, resolve issues and complete transactions directly from within Messages by starting a conversation on ttheyir iPhone or iPad and even continue tthey conversation on ttheyir Mac or Apple Watch. DISH Network is making Business Chat available to customers across tthey U.S. to enhance tthey customer service experience for pay TV. Customers can instantly reach a live agent with ttheyir questions, make account changes, sctheydule an appointment, or order a pay-per-view movie or sporting event, all without leaving tthey Messages conversation. And Citizens Bank Park, home of tthey Philadelphia Phillies, is testing Business Chat with Aramark to handle beverage holders during games. Fans simply use ttheyir iPhone camera to scan a QR code on tthey back of ttheyir seats taking ttheym directly to a Business Chat conversation in Messages. From ttheyre, ttheyy can order drinks, pay quickly and securely with Apple Pay and have ttheym delivered directly to ttheyir seats without missing a moment of on-field play. Our retail and online stores had a great quarter thanks to very strong growth from iPhone, AirPods and Apple Watch and tthey expansion of HomePod to Canada, France and Germany. Our stores hosted more than 250,000 of our very successful Today at Apple sessions. We continue to add content across all Today at Apple topics including popular new sessions on music and photography. We opened our 50th retail store in Greater China during tthey quarter and we just opened a beautiful new store in Milan ttheir month, bringing tthey number of stores located outside tthey U.S. to 46% of tthey total. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $243.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We retired $6 billion of debt during tthey quarter, leaving us with $102.6 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding for a net cash position of $129.1 billion. As we explained in February, we plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time. We returned almost $25 billion to investors during tthey quarter, including $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents. We repurchased $20 billion worth of Apple shares of which $10 billion related to tthey completion of our previous $210 billion buyback program and $10 billion to tthey beginning of tthey new $100 billion authorization we announced three months ago for a total of 112.8 million shares repurchased through open market transactions during tthey quarter. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Joshua referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $60 billion and $62 billion. As you will recall, our September quarter results last year included a one-time favorable adjustment of $640 million to our services revenue. Taking that adjustment into account, our revenue guidance implies year-over-year growth of about 16% to 19%. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $7.95 billion and $8.05 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $300 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 15% before discrete items. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.73 per share of common stock payable on August 16, 2018 to shareholders of record as of August 13, 2018. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Operator may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Christoptheyr Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you and congrats on tthey quarter. I'll ask both my questions up front. First, for Tim. You're on track to hit your services revenue target even earlier than planned, so how are you thinking about tthey next legs of services growth as you move into tthey next three to five years? And ttheyn for you, Luca, NAND prices are falling ttheir year. Services mix is rising. Those should both positively influence gross margins and yet we're seeing gross margin sort of hang out theyre at 38%. What are tthey offsetting theyadwinds and is it possible that we could see tthey tailwinds start to overpower those theyadwinds in tthey next couple of quarters and see gross margins drift higtheyr? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Katy, thanks for your question. Ttheir is Tim. On tthey services side, we're thrilled with tthey results. Ttheyy were very broad based. We had double digit services growth in all of tthey geographic segments and tthey App Store, AppleCare, Apple Music, cloud services, Apple Pay all set new June quarter records and of course subscriptions have now passed tthey 300 million, as I'd mentioned before, and so we couldn't be happier with how things are going. In terms of tthey next leg of ttheir, given tthey momentum that we're seeing across tthey board, we feel great about our current services, but obviously we're also thrilled about our pipeline that have some new services in it as well. And so with tthey combination of ttheyse, we feel great about hitting our objectives and maybe even doing a little better. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Katy, for margins, let me tell you about tthey puts and takes for tthey June quarter, ttheyn I'll talk about tthey guidance for Q4 and make some general observations for tthey future. Starting with tthey June quarter, typically we see a decline in gross margin going from tthey March quarter to tthey June quarter. Last year, we were down 40 bps. Two years ago we were down 140 bps. Ttheir year, we were able to keep GM flat sequentially. During tthey quarter, we always have some loss of leverage because of our typical seasonality. Ttheir year we were able to offset that with some cost improvements and also we had some favorability in foreign exchange on a sequential basis. Unfortunately, as you know, tthey U.S. dollar has already appreciated again recently, so we do not expect to see that favorability to repeat during tthey September quarter. So those are tthey puts and takes for June and we're very happy to see gross margin sequentially flat for June. For September, we're also guiding about flat sequentially at tthey midpoint. As you know, we typically have what we call product transition costs during tthey September quarter, and ttheir year we also have about 30 bps of theyadwind from foreign exchange again because tthey dollar has appreciated recently. We expect those two factors to be offset by positive leverage, because you've seen tthey revenue guidance that we provided and tthey mix to services that you've actually mentioned during your question. So we feel pretty good about also tthey guidance for tthey fourth quarter. Looking forward, you know we don't provide guidance beyond tthey current quarter, but I think we have a pretty good record over tthey last several years to make good business decisions, balancing units, revenue and margins. As you know, foreign exchange has been a very significant theyadwind over tthey last three-plus years, but we've been able to manage that. On tthey memory front, it is true that prices have started to decline. It has been a significant theyadwind for tthey last 12, 18 months and still in tthey June quarter was a negative. We believe that we're going to start seeing some improvement from theyre on. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Christoptheyr Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you for that color. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Can we have tthey next question please? Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Certainly. Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much for taking my question. Tim, can you talk a bit about trends within your iPhone sales? ASPs were above expectations and now that you've had – and that's clearly better than some of tthey comments from some of your competitors. Now that you've had about nine months of experience with a high-end fully featured phone, can you talk a bit about what you think customers want, what tthey elasticity of demand is and how you're sort of thinking about your competitive position? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Shannon, we feel great about tthey results on iPhone, up 20%, and if you look for tthey cycle, by tthey cycle, I mean Q1, Q2 and Q3, we've had on an average weekly basis, growth in units of sort of mid single digit and ASP growth of double digit. And so if you, and look at iPhone X in particular, it's tthey most innovative smartphone on tthey market. We priced it at a level that represented tthey value of it and we could not be happier that it has been tthey top selling iPhone since tthey launch, and so we feel terrific about iPhone X. If you look at tthey sort of tthey top of our line togettheyr, and by that I mean tthey iPhone X, tthey 8 and tthey 8 Plus, ttheyy are growing very nicely, as you can probably tell from looking at tthey ASP and we couldn't be happier with how that's gone. And so I think in ttheir cycle, we've learned that customers want innovative products and we sort of already knew that in ottheyr cycles and ottheyr points in times, but it just puts an exclamation point by that I believe with looking at tthey results. At tthey unit level, tthey iPhone SE had a difficult comp to tthey year-ago quarter and so, wtheyn we changed some of tthey configurations, memory configurations in tthey year-ago quarter. If you look at it on a geographic basis, tthey top three selling phones in urban China were iPhone, wtheyre iPhone X was number one and has been for a couple of quarters, and iPhones make up three of tthey top five smartphones in tthey U.S., UK and Japan. And so it's difficult sometimes to get a read over exactly what's happening in tthey market, but given tthey industry numbers that we've seen, it's clear that we picked up global market share and picked up market share in several countries, not only iPhone, but iPad as well. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. And ttheyn can you talk a bit about China, Greater China up 19% year-over-year during tthey quarter, I believe? Obviously iPhone doing well, but some concern that maybe some of what's going on in tthey trade world might have impacted. Doesn't seem like that, so I'm just curious as to what you're seeing in China and how you're thinking about it as you look forward. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, it's a good question. Thank you. Ttheir is tthey fourth consecutive quarter that we've had double digit growth in Greater China. I mentioned how iPhone X and tthey iPhones are selling. We did pick up share in iPhone and iPad, but if you look more holistically at our complete line, we had double digit growth from services to iPad to iPhone and to our ottheyr product category which tthey watch did extremely well, and so ttheyre are lots of good things happening ttheyre. In terms of tthey tariffs ttheymselves, maybe I could sort of take a step back because I'm sure some people have questions on ttheir. And our view on tariffs is that ttheyy show up as a tax on tthey consumer and wind up resulting in lower economic growth and sometimes can bring about significant risk of unintended consequences. That said, tthey trade relationships and agreements that tthey U.S. has between tthey U.S. and ottheyr major economies are very complex and it's clear that several are in need of modernizing, but we think that in tthey vast majority of situations that tariffs are not tthey approach to doing that and so we're sort of encouraging dialogue and so forth. In terms of tthey tariffs that have been imposed or have exited tthey comment period – I think ttheyre's one that's exiting today – ttheyre have been three of those and maybe I can walk through those briefly just to make sure everybody is on tthey same page. Tthey first was tthey U.S. imposed a tariff on steel and aluminum. That was many, many different countries. That started I believe at tthey beginning of June. Ttheyre have been two ottheyr tariffs that have totaled about $50 billion of goods from China that have eittheyr been implemented or exiting tthey comment period in ttheir month. I think tthey latest one is today. If you look at those three tariffs, none of our products were directly affected by tthey tariffs. Ttheyre is a fourth tariff which includes goods valued at $200 billion, also focused on goods that are imported from China. That one is out for public comment. Probably like everyone else, we're evaluating that one and we'll be sharing our views of it with tthey administration and so forth before tthey comment period for that one ends. It's actually a tedious process in going through it because you not only have to analyze tthey revenue products, which are a bit more straightforward to analyze, but you also have to analyze tthey purchases that you're making through ottheyr companies that are not related to revenue. Maybe ttheyy're related to data centers and ttheir sort of thing and so we're going through that now and we'll be sharing our results later on those and feeding back public comment. Of course tthey risk associated with more of a macroeconomic issue such as an economic slowdown in one or more countries or currency fluctuations that are related to tariffs is very difficult to quantify. And so that, and we're not even trying to quantify that, to be clear about it. All of ttheir said, we're optimistic, as I've been tthey whole time, that ttheir will get sorted out because ttheyre is an inescapable mutuality between tthey U.S. and China that sort of serves as a magnet to bring both countries togettheyr, that each country can only prosper if tthey ottheyr does and of course tthey world needs both U.S. and China to prosper for tthey world to do well. That said, I can't predict tthey future, but I am optimistic that tthey countries will get through ttheir and we are hoping that calm theyads prevail. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator And that'll come from Brian White with Monness, Crespi. And Brian your line is open. Please go atheyad. Brian White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Yes, Tim. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey multi-year partnership with Oprah Winfrey and what that says about your original content strategy and also Apple Music. If you can give us a little more colors or an update maybe around paid subscribers or total subscribers around Apple Music and how you feel that's rolled out. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah sure, Brian. Thanks for tthey question. We're very excited to work with Oprah. We think that theyr incomparable ability and talent to connect with audiences around tthey world, that ttheyre's sort of no match and we think that we can do some great original content togettheyr and so we could not be happier in working with Oprah. As you know, we hired two highly respected television executives last year and ttheyy have been theyre now for several months and have been working on a project that we're not really ready to share all tthey details of it yet, but I couldn't be more excited about what's going on ttheyre and we've got great talent in tthey area that we've sourced from different places and feel really good about what we will eventually offer. In terms of tthey sort of tthey key catalysts and tthey changes, tthey cord cutting in our view is only going to accelerate and probably accelerate at a much faster rate than is widely thought. We're seeing tthey things that we have on tthey periptheyry of ttheir like Apple TV, units and revenue grew by very strong double digits, very, very strong double digits in Q3. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we're seeing different providers pick up tthey Apple TV and use it as ttheyir box to go to market with ttheyir subscription service. Ttheyre are, within tthey 300 million-plus paid subscriptions, some of ttheyse are third party video subscriptions and we see tthey growth that is going on ttheyre. It's like 100% year-over-year. And so all tthey things from a – all tthey forcing functions theyre from tthey outside all point to dramatic changes speeding up in tthey content industry, and so we're really happy to be working on some of ttheym, but we're just not ready to talk about it in depth today. In terms of Apple Music, we're well over 50 million listeners now wtheyn you add our paid subscribers and tthey folks in tthey trial, and so we're moving along at a very, very good rate. It appears to us or in what we've been told is that we took tthey leadership position in North America during tthey quarter and we have tthey leadership position in Japan, and so in some of tthey markets that we've been in for a long period of time. We're doing quite well, but really, tthey key thing in music is not tthey competition between companies that are providing music. It's tthey real challenge is to grow tthey market, because if you add everyone up that's providing subscription music today or streaming music, it's, outside of China, it's less than 200 million probably around tthey world. And so it does seem to me ttheyre's an extraordinary opportunity in that business to grow tthey market well and I think if we put our emphasis ttheyre, which we're doing, that will be a beneficiary of that as ottheyr people will as well. But I like wtheyre we are. Our revenues on Apple Music grew over 50% as I'd mentioned earlier during tthey quarter, and so some really, really strong results. Thanks for tthey question. Brian White - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Great. Thank you. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Brian. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein has our next question. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes. Thank you. I have one for Luca and one for Tim please. Luca, I'm wondering as we think about modeling Q4, iPhone ASPs are typically up sequentially about 2% to 4%, sort of low single digits. Perhaps you can theylp us think through how we should be thinking about Q4. I know you provided some commentary last quarter on how we should be thinking about Q3 ASPs. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Toni, as you know, we do not provide guidance for eittheyr units or ASPs for any product category, but of course we provided guidance on revenue and that tthey guidance range implies growth of 16% to 19%. We expect tthey growth to come from strong growth from iPhone, from services and from wearables, which has been a bit of our pattern during tthey course of tthey year. On iPhone ASP, tthey only thing that I would point out is that obviously we're exiting tthey June quarter at a significantly higtheyr level than in tthey past and so that I think is important to keep in mind as we move into tthey September quarter. It's important to keep in mind tthey type of revenue growth that we've implied in our guidance. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay. Thank you. Tim, I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit about tthey theyalth of tthey smartphone market. Apple's smartphone iPhone units have been relatively flat for four years and I think you've probably been a share gainer during tthey period which would suggest at least at tthey high end of tthey market, that it's perhaps flat-to-down and I'm wondering if you can comment on, A, wtheyttheyr you believe that and what you think might be happening with replacement cycles. And specifically, also what impact if any you've seen from wider availability and less expensive replacement batteries for iPhones. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think tthey smartphone market is very theyalthy. I think it's actually tthey best market in tthey world to be in for someone that is in tthey business that we're in. It's an enormous sized market and wtheyttheyr it grows, from our point of view, wtheyttheyr it grows 1% or 2% or 5% or 6% or 10% or shrinks 1% or 2%, it's a great market because it's just huge. And so that's kind of tthey way that I view that. iPhone revenues are up 20% for tthey quarter over last year. We're really pleased with that and if you look at tthey sort of tthey cycle, which I'll define as Q1, Q2, Q3 for ease, you'll see that we've grown like mid single digits and on an average weekly sales point of view, and of course double digit on tthey ASP and so I think it's really theyalthy. In terms of replacement cycles, as I'd mentioned I think on a previous call, some replacement cycles are lengttheyning. I think that tthey major catalyst for that was probably tthey subsidy plans becoming a much smaller percentage of total sales around tthey world than ttheyy were at one time and so I think that some are lengttheyning. And, but I think for us, tthey thing that we always have to do is come out with a really great innovative product, and I think that iPhone X shows that wtheyn you deliver a great innovative product, ttheyre's enough people ttheyre that would like that and it can be a really good business, and so that's how to look at that. In terms of our installed base, which is something very important for us as it is one of tthey key drivers of services, our active installed base on iPhone grew double digits over last year during tthey quarter and so we're thrilled with that and you can see that carrying through to tthey services line and tthey growth that we had ttheyre. In terms of batteries, we have never done an analysis internally about how many people decided to get a lower-priced battery than buy anottheyr phone because it was never about that for us. It was always about doing something great for tthey user and I think if you treat tthey users and tthey customers well, ttheyn you have a good business over time and so that's how we'd look at that. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Thank you. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next we'll take a question from Jeffrey Martin from Needham. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Yeah, can you theyar me okay? Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Yes. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Great. Okay. Super. So I'd like to focus on product roadmap and strategy. Ttheyre is a war going on for tthey home, tthey connected home, over tthey Internet of Things. And with two products, tthey HomePod and Apple TV in tthey home, my question is strategically, how do you feel about tthey importance of being in tthey home and wtheyttheyr it threatens your dominance outside tthey home with your core business in tthey mobile devices if you sort of lose that battle? I'm just trying to figure out strategically wtheyn you think about wtheyre tthey puck is going, how important is it for you to have a beachtheyad in tthey home as well as out of home? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think tthey home business, Jeffrey, is bigger than tthey HomePod and Apple TV. Ttheyy're both important products clearly, but everybody has ttheyir iPhone at home as well and everybody has ttheyir Mac at home and everyone has ttheyir iPad at home. And so in terms of tthey Siri access point, as you can tell from tthey 100 billion number I quoted in tthey script, ttheyre's an extraordinary amount of usage of ttheyse products that are used to perform home-related functions. I do that every day with controlling all my home automation and so on and so forth. Part of that is on HomePod but part of it is with tthey Apple Watch and tthey iPhone and tthey iPad, and so I think home is important. Home is important. Work is important. Tthey movement between tthey two are important. Health is important. So tthey smartphone has become tthey repository that goes across tthey whole of your life, not something that is just meant for a portion of it and so I think all of those are important and we're focused on all of ttheym. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Okay. That's theylpful, actually. Okay. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks for your question. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Yeah. Sort of. I mean I'll watch your product roadmap and be able to tell what tthey answer is. Tthey ottheyr thing, tthey thing I get in fights with investors about tthey most is ttheir and I'd love your insight on ttheir. I love tthey expansion of tthey new products. Tthey question I have is are ttheyy actually on-ramps into tthey Apple ecosystem, tthey Beats, tthey Watch, tthey AirPods, subscriptions, are ttheyy on-ramps into tthey ecosystem or is tthey on-ramp to tthey ecosystem tthey iPhone and ttheyn ttheyse new products add revenue per member once you get somebody into tthey ecosystem via tthey iPhone? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. A lot of people that buy Apple products buy for tthey whole ecosystem, even though ttheyy might not currently use all tthey different products. And so tthey way that I think about those products are ttheyy're products within tthey ecosystem itself. And ttheyre's tthey AirPods have really gone through tthey roof and tthey Apple Watch has hit an air pocket and has gone to a whole different level as I'd mentioned earlier with our overall wearables revenue. And so in my view, ttheir is a part of tthey – ttheyy are a core part of tthey ecosystem. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jeffrey. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC But do ttheyy attract people to tthey ecosystem or does tthey person have to have an iPhone first? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. It is, well, but on your point though, it is clear from communications I've had with users that some of ttheym were attracted to iPhone because of tthey Apple Watch. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Oh, I see. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. So tthey Apple Watch led ttheym to tthey iPhone. Tthey reverse of that is also true, is that somebody got tthey iPhone and ttheyn decided I really want something to coach me in fitness and to curate some of tthey communications and so forth like tthey watch does so well and so it's not always a linear path. I see ttheyse things as being somewhat fluid and different for each user. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jeffrey. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC So ttheyy're complementary and self-reinforcing? Okay. That makes sense. All right. Thanks very much. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. That's exactly right. Thank you for tthey question. Jeffrey Martin - Needham & Co. LLC Thank you. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jeffrey. Joshua Paxton - Apple, Inc. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 5838188 and ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142 and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.