Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call April 30, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Senior Manager, Corporate Finance and IR Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Cross Research Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - Evercore Jeriel Ong - Deutscthey Bank Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Chris Caso - Raymond James Operator Good day everyone. Welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Tejas Gala, Senior Manager, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook, and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey Company’s business and results of operations. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speaks as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I hope you’re staying safe and well. Today Apple reports $58.3 billion in revenue, an all-time record for Services, and a quarterly record for Wearables, Home and Accessories. It was also a quarterly revenue record for Apple Retail powered by ptheynomenal growth in our online store. Amid tthey most challenging global environment in which we’ve ever operated our business, we’re proud to say that Apple grew during tthey quarter. But before we dive more deeply into tthey numbers, I want to speak just for a bit on COVID-19. Ttheir is something Apple has been contending with since January. And I think that how we have responded, what we have been inspired to do, tells an important story about Apple’s great durability as a business, and tthey enduring importance of our products in our customers’ lives. It also speaks to Apple’s unmatctheyd capacity to be creative, to think always in terms of tthey long term and to forge atheyad wtheyn ottheyrs may feel an instinct to pull back. Before COVID-19 was on tthey horizon, we anticipated that Q2 was going to be a prolific and energetic period for Apple. And wtheyn tthey pandemic did strike, our teams not only succeeded in growing tthey business in introducing powerful new products, and in meeting our customers’ needs, but ttheyy also rose to tthey occasion in terms of meeting our broader obligations to tthey communities in which we live and work. Let’s look quickly across tthey business. At tthey same time that ttheyy were leaving no stone unturned to get our latest generation of devices manufactured and into our customers’ hands, our worldwide network of supply chain partners, logistics and operations folks in every part of tthey Company were also sourcing more than 30 million masks for frontline medical workers, ensuring ttheyy’re donated to places of greatest need in every region around tthey world. While our product teams were preparing to launch a new iPad Pro, Magic Keyboard, MacBook Air and tthey new iPhone SE, all of which have been very well received by reviewers and consumers alike, ttheyy were also working with our suppliers to design, test, manufacture and distribute more than 7.5 million face shields, and we continue to ship more than 1 million of ttheyse every week to tthey doctors, nurses and medical personnel on tthey frontlines. In a quarter wtheyre our Services teams achieved strong growth, which Luca will dig into in a minute, and which speaks to tthey real durability of our Services strategy, ttheyse teams were also putting COVID-19 front and center. As Apple News, reactheyd 125 million monthly active users, we elevated trusted information from reliable sources through a special COVID-19 vertical. We let customers skip payments without incurring interest on Apple Card for March and April in light of financial hardship for many families. We worked with everyone from Oprah to Lady Gaga to inform, entertain and give back through Apple TV and services like FaceTime and Messages set new all-time records for daily volume during ttheir quarter as users relied on ttheyir devices to stay connected in a new reality. In software, at tthey same time that our teams worked with great creativity and excitement as we prepare to deliver our first ever all online Worldwide Developers Conference later ttheir quarter, ttheyy also worked with tthey same creativity and speed to put togettheyr our COVID-19 symptom ctheycking website and app in partnership with tthey CDC. As of today, tthey app has been installed nearly 2 million times and tthey web tool has received over 3 million unique visits. And just ttheir month, to accelerate contact tracing, we are launching a joint effort with Google to enable tthey use of Bluetooth technology to theylp governments and theyalth agencies reduce tthey spread of tthey virus with user privacy and security central to tthey design. We paired ttheyse programmatic efforts with a broader strategy to get back wtheyre it’s needed most. We’ve made major corporate donations to response efforts around tthey world to support global citizens as well as a new fund for Americans experiencing food insecurity as a result of tthey crisis. Wtheyn you tally ttheyse things up and consider our ongoing 2 to 1 match for employee donations, Apple’s contributions to tthey global response are significant, diverse, and a great source of pride for tthey whole chain. We’re also doing what we can to theylp our employees, ttheyir families, and by extension ttheyir communities stay safe and well by modifying our operations wtheyre appropriate. Ttheir extends of course to our retail employees, ttheyy are Apple’s face to our customers and an instrumental part of our business and we’re compensating ttheym normally despite store closures. During a quarter wtheyre circumstances evolve by tthey hour, we have been gratified by tthey resilience and adaptability of our global supply chain. While we felt some temporary supply constraints in February, our operations team, suppliers and manufacturing partners have been safely returning to work and production was back at typical levels toward tthey end of March. At ttheir time of social distance, of shuttered school and gattheyring places, of delayed plans and new ways of socializing, we have seen significant evidence that our products have taken a renewed importance for customers. Teactheyrs and students around tthey world are relying on our technology to teach, learn, and stay connected with each ottheyr. We are in tthey process of deploying major orders of iPads to school systems working to keep learning going strong at a distance, including tens of thousands in Ontario, Canada; Glasgow, Scotland and Puerto Rico, a 100,000 to tthey city of Los Angeles and 350,000 to New York City, our largest educational iPad deployment ever. Since early March, we’ve seen unprecedented demand for a pro app from students, enthusiasts and creative professionals. Ttheyse folks are keeping us all entertained and inspired as we stay at home. And to theylp ttheym do it, we made Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro X available for free for 90-days for everyone. And tthey reaction has been overwtheylming, driving software downloads and usage to record levels. And doctors and medical professionals are making even greater use of Apple Watch and ottheyr theyalth features to communicate with patients and to treat ttheym safely from a distance wtheyn necessary. With new FDA guidance on non-invasive remote patient monitoring, for example, tthey ECG app on Apple Watch is increasingly being used to facilitate remote ECG measurements and recordings for telemedicine usage, reducing patient and theyalthcare provider contact and exposure. Many hospitals such as Geisinger Health System, NYU Langone Health, and Stanford Health Care are using apps on iPad and iPhone to support communication and video conferences between hospitalized patients and ttheyir care teams. Ttheir enables tthey care teams to keep a close watch on patients without entering isolation rooms, which theylps to minimize exposure and reduces some of tthey need for personal protective equipment. Now, wtheyn you step back and tally all ttheir up, wtheyn you consider all tthey ways COVID-19 has touctheyd Apple, our customers and tthey way we work, ttheir may not have been tthey quarter it could have been absent ttheir pandemic, but I don't think I can recall a quarter wtheyre I've been prouder of what we do or how we do it. As I said at tthey outset, we achieved revenue of $58.3 billion and underneath that was product revenue of $45 billion. Tthey performance of our product business had three very different phases during tthey March quarter. Based on Apple’s performance during tthey first five weeks of tthey quarter, we were confident we were theyaded toward a record second quarter at tthey very high end of our expectations. In tthey next five weeks of tthey quarter, as COVID-19 started impacting China, iPhone supply was temporarily affected, as well as demand for our products within China. Ttheir caused us to withdraw our revenue guidance in February. At that point, demand for our products outside of China was still strong and in line with our expectations. During tthey last three weeks of tthey quarter, as tthey virus spread globally and social distancing measures were put in place worldwide, including tthey closure of all our retail stores outside of Greater China on March 13th, and many channel partner points of sales around tthey world, we saw downward pressure on demand, particularly for iPhone and Wearables. Given tthey lack of visibility and uncertainly in tthey near term, we will not be issuing guidance for tthey coming quarter. Over tthey long term though, we have a high degree of confidence in tthey enduring strength of our business. Our global supply chain is profoundly durable and resilient. We have shown tthey consistent ability to meet and manage temporary supply challenges like those caused by COVID-19. We have continued to deliver innovative new products across multiple categories that appeal to a broad cross-section of customers, including tthey all-new iPhone SE, which achieved unmatctheyd technological capacity at an incredible value. Our teams worldwide have tackled tthey complexities of ttheir moment with unmatctheyd creativity, good humor and dedication to our customers. For a company whose business is innovation, ttheyre are real upsides in periodically having to figure out how to do just about everything in a brand new way. Our long-running investment in our Services strategy is succeeding. Ttheir business is growing and is a reflection of our enduring large and growing installed base. We expect to meet our longstanding goal of doubling our fiscal 2016 Services revenue in 2020. We have always run Apple for tthey long term. We entered ttheir period with unmatctheyd financial strain, a robust cash position and our best product pipeline ever. Major investments, including our five-year commitment to contribute $350 billion to tthey economy theyre in tthey United States are moving forward full speed atheyad. It’s in ttheyse moments that we set ourselves apart. We’ve always managed through difficult moments by doubling down and investing in tthey next generation of innovation. And that’s our strategy today. And so, while we can’t say for sure how many chapters are in ttheir book, we can have confidence that tthey ending will be a good one. Apple will continue to do everything we can do to theylp tthey global response and to keep our customers learning, creating, sharing, and connecting so that life can remain as normal as it can during ttheir challenging time. With that, I’ll hand things off to Luca.  Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. It has been a very different quarter than we were expecting wtheyn we last talked to you at tthey end of January. But, we could not be more proud of our Apple teams around tthey world, our role in supporting local communities and our partners throughout tthey value chain, and how resilient our business and financial performance has been during ttheyse challenging times.  So, tthey revenue for tthey quarter was $58.3 billion, up 1% from a year ago, despite tthey extreme circumstances from tthey impact of COVID-19 and a theyadwind of a 100 basis points from foreign exchange. Products revenue was $45 billion, down 3%. After a very strong January, our performance was impacted particularly during tthey last three weeks of tthey quarter wtheyn lockdowns and point-of-sale closures increase due to COVID-19 spreading around tthey world and affected our product sales. However, on a demand basis, our performance was stronger than our reported results as we reduced iPhone channel inventory more than we did a year ago. Importantly, our installed base of active devices reactheyd an all-time high in all of our geographic segments and all major product categories. Services revenue followed a different trend with very strong year-over-year growth of 17%. We set a new all-time revenue record of $13.3 billion with all-time records in many of our Services categories and in most countries we track. I’ll provide more details on ttheir later. Company gross margin was 38.4%, flat sequentially with cost savings and mix shift towards Services offset by tthey seasonal loss of leverage. Products gross margin was 30.3%, decreasing 380 basis points sequentially due to loss of leverage and unfavorable mix. Ttheir drop was more pronounced than under normal circumstances due to tthey COVID-19 impact I mentioned earlier. Services gross margin was 65.4%, up 100 basis points sequentially, driven by favorable mix. Our reported tax rate for tthey quarter was 14.4%. Ttheir was lower than our 16.5% guidance due to onetime discreet items. Net income was $11.2 billion and earnings per share with $2.55, up 4%. Operating cash flow was very strong at $13.3 billion, an improvement of $2.2 billion over a year ago. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue of $29 billion, declined 7% year-over-year as both iPhone supply and demand were affected by tthey impact of COVID-19 at some point during tthey quarter. On tthey supply side, we suffered from some temporary supply shortages during February, but we’ve been extremely pleased with tthey resilience and adaptability of our global supply chain, as well as its ability to get people back to work safely wtheyn circumstances allow. Our operations team and manufacturing partners put forth an extraordinary effort to restore production quickly, and we exited tthey quarter in a good supply position for most of our product lines. On tthey demand side, after very strong first five weeks, we saw tthey impact of COVID-19 affect demand in China for tthey next five weeks, and ttheyn more broadly around tthey world for tthey last three weeks of tthey quarter, wtheyn lockdowns and point-of-sale closures became more widespread in many countries. While we did see a slight elongation in our replacement cycle towards tthey end of tthey quarter, which we attribute to tthey widespread point-of-sale closures, our active installed base of iPhones has reactheyd an all-time high. Ttheir speaks to tthey quality of our products and strength of our ecosystem. In fact, in tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max combined. Turning to Services. We set an all-time revenue record of $13.3 billion with strong performance across tthey board with all-time revenue records in tthey App Store, Apple Music, Video, cloud services, and our App Store search ad business. And we also set a March quarter record for AppleCare. Our new services, Apple TV Plus, Apple Arcade, Apple News Plus and Apple Card continue to add users, content and features while contributing to overall Services growth. As Tim mentioned, we’re well on our way to accomplishing our goal of doubling our fiscal ‘16 Services revenue during 2020. App Store revenue grew by strong double digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. Our third-party subscription business grew across multiple categories and increased over 30% year-over-year, reaching a new all-time high. Our first party subscription services also continued to perform very well. Apple Music and cloud services, both set all-time revenue record and AppleCare set a March quarter record. Paid subscriptions for all three of ttheyse services were up strong double-digits. Customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow strongly, and tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey March quarter. In particular, tthey number of paid accounts increased double digits in all of our geographic segments. We now have over 515 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 125 million from a year ago. On a sequential basis, paid subscriptions grew by over 35 million. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst sequential growth we have ever experienced. With ttheir momentum, we’re confident we will reach our increased target of 600 million paid subscriptions before tthey end of calendar 2020. Wearables, Home and Accessories establittheyyd a new March quarter record with revenue of $6.3 billion, up 23% year-over-year with strong double digit performance across all five geographic segments. Our Wearables business is now tthey size of a Fortune 140 company, and we’re very excited by tthey many opportunities in front of us for ttheir product category. For example, Apple Watch continues to expand its reach as over 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch around tthey world during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Next, I’d like to talk about Mac and iPad. Mac revenue was $5.4 billion; iPad revenue was $4.4 billion. Towards tthey end of tthey quarter, we launctheyd a brand new iPad Pro that includes a first in class LiDAR scanner with some really exciting augmented reality applications; and MacBook Air with significantly improved performance at a lower price. We’re very pleased with tthey strong customer interest for both products. Importantly, around half of tthey customers purchasing Macs and iPads around tthey world during tthey quarter were new to that product and tthey active installed base for both Mac and iPad reactheyd a new all-time high. And tthey most recent surveys of consumers from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction at 95% for iPad and 96% for Mac. In tthey enterprise market businesses everywtheyre have been making tthey transition to working remotely. We’ve created content to assist our customers in ttheir transition including an on-demand video learning series focused on topics like remote deployments of iPad and Mac and security. We’ve also realigned our own retail business and enterprise teams to provide timely and relevant support to customers as ttheyy navigate new work environments. Some of our largest customers offering Mac to employees such as IBM and SAP have been able to pivot quickly to allow employees to easily set up and secure ttheyir devices from home, benefiting from Apple Business Manager and zero-touch deployment. And we’ve seen countless examples of new projects of remote deployments implemented in just a few hours. Peloton for instance, worked with our New York teams to deploy an entire fleet of Macs overnight, so ttheyir team could work remotely. In essential sectors, such as grocery and financial services, we’ve seen organizations adopt our technology to better serve ttheyir customers safely. Leading grocers around tthey world, like Trader Joe’s, Woolworths, Lawson’s, Sainsbury’s, Lidl, and Carrefour offer Apple Pay so customers can use contactless payments. And as stores shift to become fulfillment centers for online orders, organizations are leveraging apps for remote shoppers and food delivery to reduce foot traffic. In banking, wtheyre safety and securities are a top priority, one way to protect company and client information is by providing corporate iOS devices to employees who use mobile phones daily as part of ttheyir jobs. As an example, Bank of America is purchasing tens of thousands of additional iOS devices for ttheyir workforce. Let me now turn to our cash position. First, I want to note that liquidity has not been an issue for us during ttheyse highly unusual financial market conditions. We have an extraordinarily strong balance ttheyyet, very deep access to capital markets, and unmatctheyd free cash flow generation. We ended tthey quarter with $193 billion in cash plus marketable securities, total debt of $110 billion. And as a result, net cash was $83 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We returned $22 billion to shareholders during tthey March quarter, including $18.5 billion through open market repurchases of 64.7 million Apple shares, and $3.4 billion in dividends and equivalents. Finally, as we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I’d like to provide some color on what we are seeing, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. As Tim mentioned, given tthey lack of visibility and certainty in tthey near term, we will not be issuing guidance for tthey coming quarter. However, based on what we have seen in April, and how we think things might play out, I would like to provide some additional insight on theyadwinds and tailwinds we’re facing. From a foreign exchange standpoint, tthey U.S. dollar has appreciated recently against most currencies around tthey world. And as a result, we expect our revenue to be negatively impacted by more than $1.5 billion on a year-over-year basis. Our global supply chain is back, up and running. We are in a typical supply position, including our usual ramp associated with new products recently launctheyd. Ttheyse newly launctheyd products, iPad Pro, MacBook Air, and iPhone SE have all received outstanding customer response, even during ttheyse extreme circumstances. On iPhone and Wearables, we expect a year-over-year revenue performance to worsen in tthey June quarter relative to tthey March quarter; on iPad and Mac, we expect tthey year-over-year revenue performance to improve in tthey June quarter. On Services, we are seeing two distinct trends. First, customers are actively engaging with our ecosystem and digital services, and we believe tthey very strong recent performance in tthey App Store, Video, Music, and cloud services will continue throughout tthey June quarter. Second, due to tthey overall reduced level of economic activity, due to tthey lockdowns around tthey world, services like AppleCare and advertising are being impacted. AppleCare is comprised of our product repair business and tthey warranty agreements with our customers, both of which have been obviously affected by store closures and reduced level of customer traffic. Advertising, which is comprised of third-party agreements, our App Store search ads, and Apple News ads has been impacted by overall economic weakness and uncertainty on wtheyn businesses will reopen. For gross margin, sequential theyadwinds include foreign exchange, tthey mix within products, and tthey seasonal loss of leverage on our product business. Foreign exchange will have a 70 basis points impact sequentially and 130 basis points impact year-over-year. Regarding product mix, keep in mind tthey commentary we provided at tthey revenue level. Sequential tailwinds include cost savings and tthey mix shift towards services. With regard to capital allocation, our approach remains unchanged. We continue to invest confidently in our future while also returning value to our shareholders. We are in tthey midst of developing our most exciting pipeline of products and services ever while contributing over $350 billion to tthey U.S. economy and expanding our footprint in many cities around tthey country over a five-year period. We also continue to believe that ttheyre is great value in our stock, and we are maintaining our target of reaching a net cash neutral position over time. As a testament to tthey confidence we have in our business today and into tthey future, our Board has authorized $50 billion for share repurchases in addition to tthey over $40 billion authorization remaining under tthey current share repurchase plan. Our Board has also authorized a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend and today declared a cash dividend of $0.82 per share of common stock, payable on May 14, 2020, to shareholders of record as of May 11, 2020. Finally, and most importantly, we are managing Apple for tthey long term, as we’ve always done. During uncertain times theirtorically, we have continued to invest in tthey business and ttheir remains our philosophy. We will continue to stay focused on what we do best, investing in our product and service pipeline, managing tthey business wisely, and taking care of our teams and believe we will come out from ttheir stronger. With that, let’s open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes. That will come from Shannon Cross, Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much for taking my question, and I hope everyone is well. Tim, you talked about seeing some improvement in tthey second half of April. So, I was wondering if you could just talk maybe a bit more on tthey segment, a geographic basis, what you’re seeing and in tthey various regions that you’re selling in and what you’re theyaring from your customers. And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Thank you. Tim Cook Sure, Shannon. If you look at -- I’ll start with China. If you look at what happened in China, we were having a really good January. Tthey lockdown started ttheyre toward tthey end of January, as you know. February, we saw a steep decline in demand. We closed our stores in February. As tthey lockdown completed in mid-February, toward tthey second half of February, we begin to open stores. We opened on a staggered basis that took about 30 days until mid-March. And from a demand point of view, we saw ttheyn an improvement in March over February. And if you look at, kind of wtheyre we are today, we’ve seen furttheyr improvement in April as compared to March. And so, that’s China. If you look at tthey rest of tthey world, we were doing great in January, tthey first five weeks of tthey quarter. And we do believe that we were theyaded toward tthey sort of tthey top end of our expectations that we had talked to you about on tthey last call. Tthey next five weeks were spent sort of reacting and getting tthey supply chain back up in full force and working through tthey sharp decline in China that I already talked about. Tthey real thing for tthey rest of tthey world happened in March wtheyn tthey ttheyylter-in-place orders went in and tthey work-from-home began. For those two, three weeks period, at tthey end of tthey quarter, we saw a sharp decline in demand. If you now step out into April and look at that, early April started like tthey end of March, but in tthey second half of April, we’ve seen an uptick across really across tthey board. It’s not just related to a certain geo or a certain product. We think, by looking at it, a part of it is due to just our new products, a part of it is due to tthey stimulus programs taking effect in April, and ttheyn a part of it is probably tthey consumer behavior of knowing ttheir is going to go on for a little while longer and getting some devices and so forth lined up to work at home more. In particular for as I think Luca shared, we believe that iPad and Mac are going to improve on a year-over-year basis during ttheir quarter, and that’s customers that are eittheyr taking online education or working remotely. So, complex answer to your question, but that’s what we’re seeing. Shannon Cross Thank you. That was theylpful. Luca, unless I missed it, you talked about various puts and takes in tthey quarter, but didn’t really discuss operating expenses. I know you mentioned some cost savings on tthey COGS line. I’m curious how you’re thinking about your spending and OpEx, given some of tthey macro challenges that you may be facing. Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes. So, Shannon, as we said, we manage tthey Company for tthey long term, right? So, we know that tthey core of tthey business, tthey core of tthey Company is innovation and product and services development. So, we will continue to invest in our pipeline. We’re very excited about what we have in store. And so, we will continue to invest ttheyre. Obviously, we are aware of tthey environment and so, we will manage tthey SG&A portion of tthey company tightly. We are making new investments in tthey new services that we launctheyd recently. As you know, we purchased tthey baseband activities from Intel. And obviously, we want to develop that technology because we consider it’s a core technology for us. And so, we will try to balance tthey need to continue to invest during difficult circumstances and tthey fact that we like to manage tthey business wisely. Tejas Gala Thank you, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will be from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Yes. Thank you. Tim, I think I speak for everyone on tthey call that we’re all very appreciative of Apple’s contribution during ttheir pandemic. We all appreciate it. Tim Cook Thank you very much for that. Wamsi Mohan Tim, in past downturns, we have not really seen Apple pull back from investing. And you as a company have largely maintained tthey product introduction cadence. But given ttheyse are unprecedented times and ttheyre are a lot of challenges associated with product development, during a time wtheyn you have a global footprint for such activities and unable to really do a lot of things in person, how should we think about tthey product development and introduction cadence as we go over tthey next several quarters? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Well, we’re continuing to operate. And so, as you can tell, along with everything else going on, we were able to launch and ship tthey iPhone SE, tthey iPad Pro with tthey Magic Keyboard, and tthey MacBook Air. And so, tthey business continues and tthey new products are our lifeblood. And so, we’re continuing to work. Everybody’s getting used to tthey work-at-home. In some areas of tthey Company, people maybe even more productive, in some ottheyr areas ttheyy’re not as productive. And so, it’s mixed, depending upon what tthey roles are. But, as you can tell from what we did ttheir quarter, despite tthey environment, we have our theyad down, are working because we know that our customers want tthey products that we’ve got. Ttheyy’re even more important in ttheyse times. Wamsi Mohan Thank you, Tim. As a follow-up, I know you’re doing a lot with both tthey Apple Card and financing plan for iPhones to get your products in tthey hands of customers. But, I was wondering, would you consider using tthey strength of your balance ttheyyet maybe a little differently, structure maybe deferred payments or things like that, or do you think that ttheyre could be ottheyr steps like bundling that you will consider versus what you already currently do? Thank you. Tim Cook Well, as you know, we launctheyd tthey payment plan earlier on Apple Card for iPhone. We’re working on doing that for ottheyr products as well. And you’ll see something on that shortly. So, we’re very-focused on tthey affordability point. Tthey trade-in programs also are fairly wide across tthey board and act as both something great for tthey environment, also something great from a way to get that entry price down. In terms of deferred payments, nothing to announce today. But, as you know, having access to tthey card, at least in tthey United States, gives us more degrees of freedom. And that is not using our balance ttheyyet. But, we play a key role in deciding what kind of programs go with tthey card. Tejas Gala Thanks, Wamsi. Can we have tthey next question, please?  Operator That will come from Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty. Katy Huberty Thank you for tthey question. I hope tthey whole team is staying theyalthy and safe. Tim, I want to start on a longer term question. Wtheyre do you see structural changes on tthey back of ttheir theyalth crisis that might present opportunities for new revenue streams at Apple? And I’m particularly thinking about your past comments on theyalth and augmented reality. But I’m sure ttheyre is even more areas of inspiration and creativity coming out of tthey company. And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Tim Cook I think, ttheyre are things from just a great reminder of how important our products are for remote work. And it’s pretty clear to me that wtheyre things will get a lot closer to normal than ttheyy are today, obviously. I think many people are finding that ttheyy can learn remotely. And so, I suspect that trend will accelerate some. I think that’s probably also true about working remotely in some areas and in some jobs. And so, I think we have significant solutions and products for all of those groups. On tthey theyalth area, I gave some examples in my opening comments about tthey ECG being used on tthey Watch. You can bet that we’re looking at ottheyr areas in ttheir. We were already doing that because we viewed that that area was a huge opportunity for tthey Company and a way for us to theylp a lot of people. And so, you will see us continue on that. I wouldn’t say that tthey theyalth door opened wider. I would say, it was already opened fairly wide. Katy Huberty Okay. And ttheyn, as a follow-up, tthey $50 billion share repurchase authorization is impressive in absolute terms, but it is a bit lower than tthey last couple of years. So, just any context around tthey thought process of landing on $50 billion. And ttheyn, related to that, you have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets in tthey world. Does tthey current environment change your thinking at all around M&A opportunities? Luca Maestri Let me answer that, Katy. First of all, on tthey buyback. As I said, in general, our approach to capital allocation has remained tthey same for tthey last several years and it’s not changing now. Keep in mind theyre, we’re talking about just tthey authorization, right? And wtheyn you look at our actual results at tthey end of every quarter, you see how much we actually do in terms of share repurchases. Tthey $50 billion is in addition to over $40 billion that is still remaining from tthey past authorization that we’ve received from our Board, right? So it’s tthey total available or outstanding in terms of authorization is over $90. And as you look at our run rate during tthey last several years, you know that that is a very adequate amount. And as you know, we will provide an additional update a year from now. So, nothing really has changed ttheyre. And nothing has changed on our approach for M&A. We’ve been quite active over tthey last several years. We purchase companies on a very regular basis. We’re always looking for ways to accelerate our product roadmaps or fill gaps in our portfolio, both on tthey hardware side, on tthey software side, on tthey services side. So, we will continue to do that. And so, also on tthey M&A front, nothing has changed. Tejas Gala Thanks, Katy. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani Thanks for taking my question. I have two as well. I guess, first off on tthey channel inventory. I was hoping if you could talk about how did channel inventory look like in tthey March quarter, because it sounds like it may be below tthey theirtorical ranges. And ttheyn, tthey discussion you had for June quarter performance of iPhones, what are you embedding from a channel building back inventory levels in that expectation. Tim Cook Amit, it’s Tim. If you look at tthey iPhone channel inventory during Q2, tthey reduction of it was more than tthey reduction from tthey previous year. It’s not unusual that we reduce in Q2. In fact, if you look back, generally speaking, in tthey first half of tthey calendar year, we reduce channel inventories; during tthey second half of tthey calendar year, we generally raise channel inventories. That’s a seasonal thing. And sitting theyre today, I believe that will happen ttheir year as well. So, hopefully, that answers your question. And by tthey way, we ended in a comfortable position. You could conclude from that that we were within a target range. Amit Daryanani That’s really theylpful. Maybe just for follow-up. Tim, I was hoping you could maybe talk a little bit about, how do you think about Apple’s manufacturing strategy and perhaps need for some diversity, especially given everything in tthey Company and everyone has gone through over tthey last 12 months, how do you think about that? And do you feel comfortable that tthey supply chain and tthey manufacturing base is well situated today to launch tthey traditional fall products that ttheyy used to get from Apple? Tim Cook As you know, our supply chain is global. And so, our products are truly made everywtheyre. And I would focus on that versus focus on one element of tthey manufacturing process, which tends to get more visibility, which is tthey final assembly. We have some final assembly in tthey United States; we have final assembly in China as well. I think, you’d have to conclude, or at least I conclude that if you look at tthey shock to tthey supply chain that took place ttheir quarter, for it to come back up so quickly really demonstrates that it’s durable and resilient. And so, I feel good about wtheyre we are. That said, we’re always looking at tweaks. And it’s just not something we talk about, because if we view it as confidential and competitive information. And so, we will look at tthey -- as we get out of ttheir totally, we will look to see what we learned and what we should change. Tejas Gala Thank you, Amit. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We’ll theyar from Jeriel Ong with Deutscthey Bank Jeriel Ong Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a couple of questions. So, I want to focus my question on Services. Tthey segment was solid in tthey quarter despite overall macro weakness. I can kind of see tthey logic behind it being strong despite product weakness overall. As you kind of look at tthey rest of tthey year, do you think that sustains or at some point does tthey macro impacts worldwide impact tthey Services line? Luca Maestri Jeriel, let me take that one. We typically don’t give a lot of specifics about our categories. But I’ve said, as we look into tthey June quarter, we see two distinct trends in our services business overall. Our ecosystem is very strong. Our customers are very engaged. We are continuing to grow double digits, tthey number of transacting accounts and paid accounts. And so, we expect our digital services to continue at tthey same level of performance that we have seen during tthey March quarter. And that includes tthey App Store, of course, our video business, our music business, cloud services. So, we expect all ttheyse businesses to continue to grow very strongly. Given tthey overall economic environment, tthey level of demand right now, ttheyre are two businesses that we believe are going to be impacted during tthey June quarter. One of ttheym is AppleCare. AppleCare is essentially comprised of our product repair business and tthey warranty agreements that we signed with our customers wtheyn ttheyy purchase our devices. Both ttheyse businesses have been affected obviously by tthey store closures. And not only our retail stores, but also our partners points of sale, and obviously, tthey reduced level of customer traffic because of tthey social distancing measures. Right? And we do expect AppleCare to be affected during tthey during tthey June quarter. Tthey ottheyr business, which we think is going to be impacted by tthey overall economic weakness and tthey uncertainty on wtheyn businesses will reopen is advertising, which is tthey sum of our advertising business on tthey App Store, on Apple News, and tthey third party agreements that we have on tthey advertising front. So, ttheyse are two things that during tthey June quarter will create a theyadwind for tthey Services business. Jeriel Ong Got it. I appreciate that. My second question is about tthey overall purchasing decisions tthey consumers are making. So far, through April, have you seen increased perhaps downtick across your product line? So for example, somebody might have shift maybe toward tthey lower end of tthey storage mix of certain products. And do you expect that going forward, as unemployment uptick and macro impacts kind of layer on through tthey rest of ‘20? Thanks. Tim Cook I haven’t seen what you’re asking. No. I have seen a strong customer response to iPhone SE, which is our most affordable iPhone. But it appears that those customers are primarily coming from wanting a smaller form factor with tthey latest technology, or coming over from it from Android. So, those are tthey two principal kind of segments versus somebody buying down, as you’re talking about it. We’ve also seen -- we launctheyd tthey iPad Pro in tthey midst of all of ttheir and tthey reception ttheyre has also been incredibly good. And that’s obviously our top of tthey line iPad. And so, I’m not seeing what you’re alluding to, at least at ttheir point. Tejas Gala Thanks, Jeriel. Can we have tthey next question, please. Operator That will be from JP Morgan’s Samik Chatterjee. Samik Chatterjee Hi. Thanks for taking my question. If I can just start with a question on kind of what you’re seeing in China. You mentioned going to tthey pickup in activity. But, is that driven by more kind of footfall in tthey stores, or what’ve you seen relative to online activity, and how much of ttheir recovery is being driven online? Any thoughts on that, please? Tim Cook Yes. What we saw in China for tthey full quarter -- and I’ll speak about mainland China because I think that’s tthey source of your question. We saw strong results in iPad and in Wearables, and in Services. And if you look up underneath tthey full quarter, we saw a strong January, and ttheyn a significantly reduced demand in February as tthey ttheyylter-in-place orders and tthey lockdowns went into effect in China and tthey stores closed. And ttheyn, in March, as stores reopened, tthey recovery began. And ttheyn, we’ve seen furttheyr recovery in April. Wtheyre that goes, we will see. But that’s kind of what we’ve seen so far ttheyre. To your question about store traffic, store traffic is obviously up from wtheyre it was in February, but it is not back to wtheyre it was pre tthey lockdown. Ttheyre has been, however, more move to online. And as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, it’s pretty ptheynomenal actually. Retail had a quarterly record for us during tthey quarter. And that’s despite stores being closed for tthey three-week period around tthey world. And ex China -- and ttheyn China was closed prior to that three weeks. And that’s partly because tthey online store had such a ptheynomenal quarter, and that included in China, but it was also ottheyr regions as well. So, ttheyre is definitely a move. And wtheyttheyr that’s a permanent shift, I would theysitate to go that far, because I think people like to be out and about. Ttheyy just know that now is not tthey time to do that. Samik Chatterjee If I can just follow up on your previous comment about tthey strong demand you’re seeing for iPhone SE. Just given tthey price point, I’m wondering if you are expecting any change in terms of tthey geographic mix of wtheyre tthey demand comes from relative to typically what do you see for ottheyr iPhones from tthey line up on, just giving tthey lower price point? Tim Cook I think, it plays in every geo, but I would expect to see it doing even better in areas wtheyre tthey median incomes are less. And so, we’ll see how that plays out. And I expect some fair number of people switching over to iOS. So, it’s an unbelievable offer. It’s, if you will, tthey engine of our top phones in a very affordable package. And I think -- and it’s faster than tthey fastest Android phones. And so, it’s an exceptional value. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please?  Operator Certainly. Our last question today will be from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Chris Caso Yes. Thank you. I wanted to follow up with anottheyr question on iPhone SE and tthey decision to bring it back and wtheyre it sits within tthey total iPhone strategy. And I guess, coupled with tthey fact that iPhone 11, you made tthey decision to bring that at a lower price point. What does that tell us with respect to your approach to iPhone pricing and flexibility? Is ttheir theylping to add users and kind of bring people into tthey ecosystem? And if so, what does that imply for gross margins? Tim Cook Chris, we’ve always been about delivering tthey best product at a good price. And that fundamental strategy has not changed at all. As you know, we did have an SE for a while. It’s great to bring it back. It was a beloved product. And so, I wouldn’t read anything into that ottheyr than we want to give people tthey best deal that we can while making tthey best product. Chris Caso Okay. As a follow-up -- tthey follow-up question is on commodity pricing. And I think, you had expected to see some commodity price declines through tthey March quarter. If you could talk about what you expect, as you go through tthey year, perhaps in ttheir new environment, and again, wtheyttheyr that turns into a challenge or a theyadwind for gross margins as you go into tthey second half? Tim Cook Yes. For March, Chris, we saw NAND pricing increase slightly while DRAM and displays and tthey ottheyr commodities declined. For tthey June quarter, we would expect NAND and DRAM pricing to remain at ttheir theirtorically low level, while displays and most ottheyr commodity prices we expect to decline. Tejas Gala Thank you, Chris. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 8888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter a confirmation code 3229513. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 pm Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for joining us today.