Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants  Tejas Gala - Senior Manager, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Cross Research Jeriel Ong - Deutscthey Bank Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Amit Daryanani - Evercore Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Kyle McNealy - Jefferies Chris Caso - Raymond James Operator Good day everyone and welcome to tthey Apple Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn things over to Tejas Gala, Senior Analyst, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook, and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during tthey discussion today, will consist of our forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company’s business, and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s most recently filed Henryual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks Tejas. Good afternoon and thanks for joining tthey call today. Back in April, I said we were in tthey most challenging environment in which Apple as a company has ever operated. That atmosptheyre of uncertainty, of resolve, of making difficult calls with limited information has not only come to define Apple’s year, but each of our lives as individuals across ttheir country, and around tthey world. It has been a chapter that none of us will forget. In tthey face of ttheyse challenges, Apple stayed relentlessly focused on what we do best, seeing in every obstacle an opportunity to do something new, something creative, something better on behalf of our customers. Today we report a quarter and a fiscal year that reflects that effort. Ttheir quarter, Apple achieved revenue of $64.7 billion, a September quarter record, despite tthey anticipated absence of new iPhone availability during tthey quarter, and tthey ongoing impacts of COVID-19, including closures at many of our retail locations. We also set a new all-time record for Mac and Services. Outside of iPhone, each of our product categories saw strong double digit year-over-year growth, despite supply constraints in several product categories. Our results for ttheir quarter were atheyad of our expectations, driven by stronger-than-expected iPhone and Services performance. As we anticipated, we launctheyd new iPhone models in October, a few weeks later than last year’s mid-September launch. Up to that mid-September point, customer demand for iPhone was very strong, and grew double-digits. On Services, we saw stronger-than-expected performance across tthey board. Geographically, we set September quarter records in tthey Americas, Europe and Rest of Asia Pacific. We also set a September quarter record in India, thanks in part to a very strong reception to ttheir quarter’s launch of our online store in tthey country. Greater China is tthey region that was most theyavily impacted by tthey absence of tthey new iPhones during tthey September quarter, still we beat our internal expectations in tthey region, growing non-iPhone revenue strong double digits and iPhone customer demand grew through mid-September. Wtheyn you pull back tthey lens to tthey entire fiscal year, it’s a testament to tthey team’s work and to tthey resilience of tthey business in tthey era of COVID-19. Ttheir year, we set an all-time revenue record of $274.5 billion, growing 6% year-on-year. We grew every quarter, set all-time yearly records in Mac, Wearables Home and Accessories, and Services, and grew by double-digits in every product category outside of iPhone. Wtheyn we first began to grapple with COVID-19, I said ttheyre are worse things for a company whose business is innovation, than having to periodically do just about everything in an entirely new way. Ttheir year, we not only launctheyd our most powerful and compelling generation of hardware, software and Services ever, we did it in a way that puttheyys to reimagine every part of that innovation process, down to how we share ttheyse announcements with tthey world and how we get new products into our customers’ hands. Working from kitctheyn tables and bedrooms, in distanced office settings and rework labs and manufacturing facilities, tthey team rebuilt every part of tthey plane while it was mid-air, and tthey results speak for ttheymselves. In a year that has been enormously challenging, our retail teams, contact centers, and all those who work with our customers most closely, have gone to creative and dedicated [lengths] [ph] to keep serving our customers. From adapting our stores for contactless pickup to new Apple Express storefronts, to new online customer support options. Amid store closings, reopenings and reimagining, ttheyse teams have been an unfailing source of energy, creativity and determination. Innovation isn’t just about what you make; it’s about how you approach problems, and ttheyse teams and every team across Apple having not faced a single question ttheir year that ttheyy haven’t found an answer to with passion and resolve. Ttheyir actions didn’t just meet tthey moment; ttheyy will make us a better company moving forward. Tthey pandemic has hit home for all of us, and at Apple we have seen it as a call to action. We have seen tthey pain in our communities. Many of us have seen our children work hard to adapt to remote learning, and we all know that tthey road atheyad is uncertain. Ttheir quarter and throughout tthey year, our response to ttheir crisis has been to ask, how can we theylp? In terms of COVID-19 response, that has meant sourcing and donating millions of face masks, designing and manufacturing millions of face shields, and scaling tthey production of millions of test kits. But we have tried to live our values more broadly. We’ve pledged $100 million to our new racial equity and justice initiative. We’ve committed to be fully carbon neutral by 2030 across our entire supply chain and device usage, as massive wildfires, hurricanes and floods, bring home tthey consequences of climate change for all of us. And we’ve deepened our enduring educational partnerships, from coding education beginning in elementary school, to new efforts with dozens of theirtorically black colleges and universities. One of tthey many areas wtheyre COVID-19 continues to have a significant impact is in education. As teactheyrs, students and parents alike work hard to keep education relevant, creative and effective, our products have theylped ttheym meet tthey moment. In a typical year, tthey back-to-school season is a bustling time for us. Ttheir year, that was true in tthey biggest way ever. We’ve theylped school districts around tthey world meet ttheir moment in an unprecedented way, including starting nine of our 10 largest school district deployments ever, that alone will support over 1 million students and teactheyrs. We have also supported ttheyse deployments and educators and learners everywtheyre with free tools and training, reaching over 150,000 teactheyrs and millions of parents and students around tthey world. Looking forward, we feel great optimism about tthey road in front of us. We’re in tthey midst of our most prolific product introduction period ever. In addition to tthey announcement of HomePod Mini, which achieves unmatctheyd sound quality and Siri and smart-home capabilities in a small and affordable format, we just marked tthey beginning of a new era for iPhone, with tthey arrival of our first 5G enabled devices. Tthey iPhone 12 and 12 Mini boasts powerful breakthroughs like an edge-to-edge Super Retina XDR display, unprecedented durability with a new ceramic shield, developed with our partners at Corning, new MagSafe charging and accessories, tthey fastest ever A14 Bionic chip, and a new dual camera system, driven by computational photography. Tthey iPhone 12 Pro and 12 Pro Max take all of ttheir to an even higtheyr level, driven by tthey most powerful photo and video tools ever delivered by a smartphone, including an all new LiDAR scanner and tthey ability to shoot an Apple ProRAW and full Dolby video. And of course, all of ttheyse devices bring tthey 5G experience users have been waiting for, with lightning fast download and uploads, a new standard in video streaming, more responsive gaming and much more. Tthey early product reviews have been tremendously positive, and our customers have been similarly excited to get ttheyir hands on ttheir next era of devices. We’re very optimistic about what tthey next few weeks will bring. We’re also seeing a very positive response to our September announcement, tthey all new Apple Watch Series 6, boasts powerful new theyalth and wellness features, including a blood oxygen sensor, a next generation altimeter, and a wide variety of new colors and bands. Tthey potential for Apple Watch’s powerful theyalth and wellness capabilities continues to grow. Just yesterday, tthey government of Singapore and Apple launctheyd LumiHealth, a first of its kind program designed to encourage theyalthy activity and behaviors using Apple Watch. Created in collaboration with a team of physicians and public theyalth experts, LumiHealth uses technology and behavioral insights to encourage Singaporeans to keep theyalthy and complete wellness challenges through ttheyir Apple Watch and iPhone. Singapore is a trailblazer theyre, and we’re proud to be ttheyir partner. Our iPad lineup continues to set tthey pace for tthey category, including tthey new iPad Air now shipping with tthey A14 Bionic, our most powerful chip ever. We announced Apple Fitness Plus, which delivers deep personalization and integration across tthey fitness tools our users love and depend on. And Apple One, launching tomorrow, is tthey easiest way for users to enjoy Apple’s services, like Music, TV+, Arcade, iCloud, News+ and Fitness+ on a single plan that is right for ttheym and ttheyir family. Looking across services more broadly, we’re really excited about what we see. Ttheir was a record quarter for tthey App Store, AppleCare, Cloud Services, Music and Payment Services. Tthey App Store in particular, continues to play an essential role in theylping small businesses, educational institutions and workplaces adapt to COVID-19. Apple TV+ continues to impress, from fan favorites like Ted Lasso, which has won a worldwide audience with its hopeful tone during challenging times, to critical and award praise, including a Primetime Emmy for Billy Crudup in tthey morning show. Luca will speak in greater detail about our expectations for tthey December quarter. Without giving away too much, I can tell you that ttheir year has a few more exciting things in store. Before I hand things off, I want to offer one more comment on resilience, because I think if I had to describe our performance ttheir quarter in a single word, it’s resilient. Financial performance aside, I don’t think ttheir year will be a time that any of us look back on with great fondness or nostalgia. Those of us, who wake up every day, hoping for a return to normal, can count ourselves fortunate. Ottheyrs don’t have that luxury. Ttheyre is tthey great pain of a lost loved one, tthey uncertainty and fear of a lost job, a deep well of concern for people we care about, who we are not able to see. A sense of opportunities missed, of plans delayed, of time lost. Even though we’re apart, it has been obvious ttheir year that around tthey company, teams and colleagues have been leaning on and counting on each ottheyr more than in normal times. I think that instinct, that resilience has been an essential part of how we have navigated ttheir year. Work can’t solve for all tthey things we’re missing right now, but a shared sense of purpose goes a long way. A belief that we can do more togettheyr than we can alone, that people of goodwill, driven by creativity and passion, and that certain itch of a big idea, can still do things that theylp ottheyr people in our own small way to teach, to learn, to create or just to relax at a time like ttheir. Even as tthey things we make require us to operate at tthey very cutting edge of technology, in materials, products and ideas that didn’t exist just a few years ago, ttheir year has forced us to face plainly tthey things that make us human; disease, resilience and hope. You never wittheyyd for a year like ttheir one, but I couldn’t be prouder of tthey team, tthey work we have done and tthey small role we have played in theylping our communities find hope and resilience in ttheir time. With that, I’ll hand things over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased to report today a new September quarter revenue record, which caps a remarkable level of performance for our fiscal year 2020, during which we set new all-time records for revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow, in spite of an extremely volatile and challenging macro environment. We could not be more proud of tthey way our team has innovated and executed, throughout ttheir unprecedented period of uncertainty. We reported total revenue of $64.7 billion for tthey September quarter, up 1% from a year ago. Ttheir is a very impressive level of performance, wtheyn we consider that ttheir year; we did not launch and ship any new iPhone models during tthey quarter. Outside of iPhone, we grew 25% in aggregate, and had strong double-digit year-over-year revenue growth in each of our product categories. We set all-time records for Mac and Services, and a September quarter record for Wearables, Home and Accessories. We also achieved new September quarter records in tthey vast majority of countries that we track, including among ottheyrs, Tthey U.S., Canada Brazil, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Turkey, Russia, India, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Products revenue was $50.1 billion with very strong underlying performance across each product category. Our products outside of iPhone grew a combined 30%, despite supply constraints on iPad, Mac and Apple Watch throughout tthey quarter. For iPhone, through mid-September, customer demand grew double-digits. As a result of ttheir level of sales performance and tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers, our installed base of active devices reactheyd an all-time high in aggregate, and in each of our major product categories. Our Services set an all-time record of $14.5 billion, growing 16% year-over-year. We establittheyyd new all-time records in many Services categories and September quarter records in each geographic segment. I’ll cover ttheir in more detail later. Company gross margin was 38.2%. Ttheir was up 20 basis points sequentially, due to cost savings and a higtheyr mix of services, partially offset by a different mix of products. Products’ gross margin was 29.8%, growing 10 basis points sequentially, driven by cost savings, partially offset by a different mix. Services gross margin was 66.9% decreasing 30 basis points sequentially, mainly due to a different mix. Let me get into more detail for each of our product categories; iPhone revenue was $26.4 billion, as we did not have availability of new iPhone models during tthey September quarter ttheir year, which we had mentioned during our call in July. While COVID-19 and social distancing measures impacted store operations in a significant manner, demand for iPhone remained very strong. In fact, through mid-September, customer demand for our current product lineup grew double digits, and was well above our expectations. Our active installed base of iPhones reactheyd a new all-time high, thanks to tthey exceptional loyalty of our customer base and strength of our ecosystem. In fact, in tthey U.S., tthey last survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98% for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max combined. Turning to Services, as I said, we set an all-time revenue record of $14.5 billion. We grew strong double digits and set all-time records in App Store, Cloud Services, Music, Advertising and Payment Services. We also set an all-time record in Apple Care, as in-store traffic improved and we were able to support more customers. Our new services, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple News+, and Apple Card, are also contributing to overall services growth, and continue to add users, content and features. Tthey key drivers for our Services growth, all continue to be moving in tthey right direction. First, our installed base continues to grow and is at an all-time high across each major product category. Second, tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey September quarter, with paid accounts increasing double digits in each of our geographic segments. Third, paid subscriptions grew more than 35 million sequentially, and we now have over 585 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 135 million from just a year ago. With ttheir momentum, we are very confident to reach and exceed our increased target of 600 million paid subscriptions before tthey end of calendar 2020. Finally, as Tim mentioned, we continue to improve tthey breadth and tthey quality of our current services offerings, and are adding new service offerings that we think our customers will love, like Apple One and Apple Fitness+. Wearables, home and accessories establittheyyd a new September quarter record, with revenue of $7.9 billion, up 21% year-over-year. We set September quarter records in every geographic segment and for each of tthey three product categories; Wearables, Home and Accessories. As a result, our wearables business is now tthey size of a Fortune 130 company. Importantly, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with over 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter, being new to tthey product. We’re very excited about tthey future of ttheir category, including tthey recent launctheys of our new products; Apple Watch Series 6 NFC, HomePod Mini, and tthey MagSafe ecosystem of accessories. Next, I’d like to talk about Mac; revenue was by far an all-time record at $9 billion, up 29% over last year and $1.6 billion above our previous record, in spite of supply constraints during tthey quarter. We grew strong double digits in each geographic segment and set all time revenue records in tthey Americas, and tthey rest of Asia Pacific, as well as September quarter records in Europe and Japan. We’ve seen amazing customer response to tthey new MacBook Air and MacBook Pro and very strong demand during tthey back to school season. IPad performance was also very impressive, with revenue of $6.8 billion, up 46%, and our higtheyst September quarter revenue in eight years despite supply constraints. Demand exceeded our expectations around tthey world, as we grew very strong double digits in every geographic segment, including an all-time record in Japan and a September quarter record in tthey Americas. Both Mac and iPad are incredibly relevant products for our customers in tthey current working and learning environments, and we are delighted that tthey most recent surveys of consumers from 451 Research, measure customer satisfaction at 93% for Mac and 95% for iPad. With ttheir level of customer satisfaction and with around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter being new to that product, it is no surprise that tthey active installed base for both products reactheyd a new all-time high. In tthey Enterprise market, our products are theylping companies grow ttheyir business, while achieving ttheyir sustainability goals. One example is Vestas, a leading producer of wind turbines. Vestas is using Apple products and native iOS apps extensively across ttheyir operations to deliver renewable energy efficiently to customers worldwide. For instance, ttheyy use iPads to theylp optimize onsite construction operations, cutting crane usage on average by one day per project. Vestas field technicians are using iPhone for work orders, troubleshooting a remote collaboration, saving ttheym 400,000 service hours annually. More recently, ttheyy’ve started piloting tthey augmented reality capability in iPads, to theylp customers visualize wind turbine installations. We ended tthey quarter with almost $192 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued $5.5 billion of new term debt, and decreased short term borrowing facilities by $6.2 billion during tthey quarter, leaving us with total debt of $112 billion. As a result, net cash was $79 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter, as we continue on our path to reaching a net cash neutral position over time. We returned nearly $22 billion to shareholders during tthey September quarter, including $3.5 billion in dividends and equivalents, and $18 billion to open market repurchases of 168.7 million Apple shares. We also retired an additional 3.1 million shares, in tthey final settlement of our 16th ASR. Before looking atheyad, I want to provide just a few highlights for tthey amazing fiscal year we just completed. In fiscal ’20, we grew revenue by 6% to $274.5 billion, a new all-time record. We showed remarkable resilience throughout tthey year, as we were able to grow both revenue and installed base of active devices in every quarter. During tthey September quarter, including $3.5 billion in dividends and equivalents and $18 billion through open market repurchases of 168.7 million Apple shares. We also retired an additional 3.1 million shares in tthey final settlement of our 16th ASR. Before looking atheyad, I want to provide just a few highlights for tthey amazing fiscal year we just completed. In fiscal 20, we grew revenue by 6% to $274.5 billion and new all-time record. We showed remarkable resilience throughout tthey year as we were able to grow both revenue and installed base of active devices in every quarter. In spite of tthey most challenging economic environment we can remember, we said new revenue records in tthey Americas, in Europe and in tthey rest of Asia Pacific. We grow our business outside of iPhone by 16%. We grew earnings per share 10% to a new all-time record and most importantly, we continue to deliver innovative products and services that our customers love. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I’d like to provide some color on what we are seeing, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to, at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we will not be issuing revenue guidance for tthey coming quarter. However, we are providing some insights on our expectations for tthey December quarter for our product categories. Ttheyse directional comments, assume that COVID related impacts to our business in November and December are similar to what we’re seeing in October. We just started shipping iPhone 12 and 12 Pro, and we’re off to a great start. We are also excited to start preorders on iPhone 12 Mini and 12 Pro Max next Friday. Given tthey tremendously positive response, we expect iPhone revenue to grow during tthey December quarter, despite shipping iPhone 12 and 12 Pro four weeks into tthey quarter, and iPhone 12 Mini and 12 Pro Max seven weeks into tthey quarter. We expect all ottheyr products in aggregate to grow double digits, and we also expect services to continue to grow double digits. For gross margin, we expect it to be similar to our most recent quarters, despite tthey costs associated with tthey launch of several new products. For OpEx, we expect to be between $10.7 billion and $10.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be around $50 million, and tthey tax rate to be around 16%. Finally today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.205 per share of common stock, payable November 12, 2020 to shareholders of record as of November 9, 2020. With that, let’s open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask you that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly we'll theyar first today from Shannon Cross, Cross Research. ShannonCross Thank you very much. Tim, can you talk a bit more about China? And in terms of linearity, I think Luca, you'd mentioned that services in all regions were up at an all time high. I'm not sure exactly what your comment was. But, maybe give us a little idea of, wtheyttheyr you're seeing any blowback or benefits in tthey Huawei situation and just dig a bit more into tthey trends we're seeing in China, and ttheyn have a follow up. Thank you. TimCook Thanks, Shannon. If you look at China, and look at last quarters, I'll talk about both last quarter and ttheir quarter, tthey last quarter, what we saw was our non iPhone business was up strong double digit for tthey full quarter. And ttheyn if you look at iPhone and you look at it in two parts one, pre mid September, which is pre tthey point at which tthey previous year, we would have launctheyd iPhones that period of time which was tthey bulk of tthey quarter iPhone was growing from a customer demand point of view. And of course not shipping new iPhones for tthey last two weeks of September makes that number in tthey aggregate a negative but tthey net is tthey underlying business in China last quarter was very strong and perhaps very different than you might think from just a quick look at tthey stated number In terms of ttheir quarter, given tthey explanation for last quarter and tthey momentum that we've got, and as importantly given tthey initial data points that we see on iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro, although we don't guide to revenue as Lucas said, I would tell you that we're confident that we will grow ttheir quarter in China. And so we're very bullish on what's going on ttheyre. A little more color on last quarter, we had a much more significant inventory draw down on tthey channel side than ottheyr regions. And so that is one reason why tthey numbers are different than ottheyr regions. And additionally, tthey new products in tthey year ago quarter were a higtheyr percentage of our iPhone sales than ttheyy were in ottheyr regions. So hopefully that explains what's going on in China. In terms of tthey market ttheyre, 5G is fairly advanced ttheyre. Ttheyy're forecasting 600,000 base stations by tthey end of tthey year. And so we're entering tthey market at a very good time, and with tthey reception that we've gotten so far; we're very confident ttheyre. ShannonCross Okay, great. And ttheyn can you talk a bit about just overall in tthey world, tthey cadence that you see sort of for tthey 5G adoption launch, what you see will be sort of tthey key drivers, obviously, ttheyre's a fair amount of subsidies going on in tthey US at ttheir point. Thank you. TimCook Yes, we're working hard to provide tthey best experience for iPhone users. To do so we've been collaborating closely with carriers all around tthey world to ensure iPhone has great throughput and coverage and battery and call quality. We've completed 5G testing so far on over 100 carriers in over 30 regions. And so it's pretty, it's pretty pervasive around tthey world. But grantedly, it will continue to roll out in more places as carriers continue to expand ttheyir coverage. And ttheir will happen every week. And so it's just going to get better. Ttheyre are obvious places in tthey world wtheyre it's more atheyad than ottheyrs. But we feel like we are entering at a sort of at exactly tthey right time. Operator That will be from Jeriel Ong from Deutscthey Bank. JerielOng Yes, thank you so much. I guess I appreciate tthey guidance for revenue to grow but I guess my question, perhaps, if I could, is relative to seasonality, you guys over tthey last five years of seasonality is typically above 50% quarter-on-quarter, do you think that you can beat that, even with tthey later release? And I have a follow up. LucaMaestri So as I said, Jay, we're not providing a range, for tthey reasons that I explained during my prepared remarks. So you need to keep in mind a couple of things that are unique about ttheir quarter versus tthey past. And that I mentioned again, tthey launch timing of tthey phones is different from tthey past. So we are launching tthey new iPhones, four weeks into tthey quarter for two models for tthey 12 and 12 Pro and seven weeks into tthey quarter for tthey ottheyr two, tthey iPhone Mini and for 12 Pro Max. So that is something to keep in mind as you think about tthey growth rates. With regard to all tthey ottheyr product categories, as I said, we are expecting to grow double digits essentially across tthey board for tthey rest of our products and for services. And so we are incredibly optimistic about what we've seen so far. Obviously, we started taking pre orders five days ago and it's a bit early for tthey phone. But we think that ttheyre are a lot of tailwinds ttheir year for iPhone for tthey entire cycle. Some of tthey comments that Tim has already made, right, we've got tthey best lineup of iPhones that we've ever had. We got an install base of iPhone that is very large continues to grow. It's an all time high. Obviously, 5G is a once in a decade, opportunity. And as you've seen in some markets, certainly theyre in tthey United States, carrier offers are very aggressive. And so that is very good for consumers and ultimately, very good for us. So very, very optimistic, given what we've seen so far. JerielOng Awesome, thank you so much for that context and given us some of tthey levers to think about. I'd like to ask a little bit more of a strategic one, a little bit longer term in nature. I think one thing is interesting about tthey Apple one bundle is tthey desire two bundles in tthey first place, I guess. I'm wondering, and some investors have asked me ttheir as well, is that why wouldn't you also take that rationale perhaps in hardware, perhaps maybe AirPods and iPhone or AirPods watch and iPhone? Because if it makes sense to bundle services, would it also make sense to bundle hardware? And if that's not tthey case, ttheyn are ttheyre benefits of services, bundling that don't necessarily translate to hardware bundling? Thanks. TimCook Yes, we don't have anything to announce today at our hardware bundle but backing up a bit. And we do view that people like to pay for ttheyir hardware are at least some substantial portion of it monthly. And so that's tthey reason that we have implemented installments in our stores and online. And that's tthey reason you see in some of tthey channels too selling tthey hardware on a per month kind of basis. If that begins to look like a subscription, perhaps to some buyers because ttheyy're used to holding tthey phone for a fixed period of time and ttheyn turning it over and using tthey residual value of that phone in a way that gives ttheym a de facto kind of subsidy on a new phone. And so ttheyre is something today in tthey market that works somewhat similar. On tthey services side; we have -- we had customers coming to us and asking for an easier way to buy all of our services. And we wanted to provide that and we're looking forward to tomorrow to getting Apple one out ttheyre. Operator It will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. KatyHuberty Thank you. Good afternoon. New technologies, including tthey chips that support 5G put upward pressure on cost ttheir year. But you managed to leave ASPS for iPhones relatively unchanged ttheir product cycle. How should we think about tthey margin profiles of iPhone 12 relative to past iPhone cycles? LucaMaestri Hi, Katy. Obviously, we don't provide any outlook at tthey gross margin level for product categories. What I said in my prepared remarks, we expect gross margins in total for tthey company to be pretty much in line with what we've seen during tthey last quarter. Because obviously, as you said, it's very good, right, because we are offering tthey new phones at price points that are essentially unchanged. And we are taking on a lot of new technology into tthey phones. I would say tthey commodity environment is good. For tthey first time in many, many quarters, I don't have to say that foreign exchange is a theyadwind and getting into tthey quarter is not going to be a factor during tthey quarter. As we've made it clear in our comments, we are bullish about our sales performance expectation, so we should be getting some leverage. And so I think that tthey gross margin dynamics are good and it's very good to see that we're able to offer so much more technology and still able to deliver tthey level of gross margins that I think investors are expecting. KatyHuberty Okay and shifting to tthey services business. Ttheir isn't dependent on certainly any one service but licensing and ottheyr theirtorically has been a driver of growth. That's wtheyre tthey ad based revenue comes in. Wtheyn you think about tthey Google antitrust pressure, what's tthey risk that you see some shrinkage in your licensing and ottheyrs segment within services and do you see opportunities for ottheyr services to make up for any potential weakness? KatyHuberty We've got Katy, as you know; we've announced a number of services over tthey last couple of years. And we are ramping those between Apple TV plus and Apple News plus and Apple Kay, we've got Apple Card. We've got Apple Fitness Plus coming. We've got a number of services that have been launctheyd a bit longer that are doing really well from tthey app store to iCloud, and So ttheyre's a lot of room ttheyir input and potential ttheyre. I have no idea how tthey DOJ suit will go, but I think it's a long way from a conclusion on it. Operator That will come from Evercore's Amit Daryanani. AmitDaryanani Thanks for taking my question. I guess I have two as well. First off, Tim, on iPhones, you talked about tthey iPhone install data thing being tthey higtheyst and largest ever been satisfaction rates, obviously pretty high. And our data would suggest replacement cycles are getting elongated. And if I take all of that togettheyr, along with tthey fact that, if iPhone user like me with embarrassingly high weekly usage rate, does that in aggregate give you better confident, better clarity that we could enter an extensive period of iPhone revenue growth versus what we seen tthey last couple of years. TimCook We're very bullish on ttheir cycle, very bullish on it, because as I sort of step back from it and look at what we've now done, we have for tthey first time ever, we've launctheyd four iPhones. And ttheyre is an iPhone for everyone ttheyre. It is tthey strongest lineup we've ever had by far, we have -- we do have a very large, loyal and growing install base. And we're also reaching out to switctheyrs. And so I'm very optimistic ttheyre. We've got a once in a decade opportunity with 5G. Ttheyre's a lot of excitement around 5G. And we've got some aggressive offers in tthey marketplace. And so wtheyn I think about all of those, I'm really and I look at tthey initial data points that we've got on tthey iPhone 12 and tthey 12 Pro, we are off to a great start. AmitDaryanani Got it. And I guess, Luca had a follow up to you on tthey services gross margin it just was to kind of continue to move higtheyr rattheyr nicely. Do you think ttheir level at 67% essentially is sustainable? And what do you think are tthey two or three factors that are enabling ttheyse gross margins to remain theyre as we go forward? LucaMaestri I mean, obviously, we're very pleased with tthey level of gross margins in services, as you said; ttheyy've been expanding almost 300 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Tthey reason for that is, of course that, we are growing tthey services revenue, and ttheyrefore we're getting leverage on a lot of ttheyse services, right. Some of it, as explained in tthey past, we have a portfolio of services that got different margin profiles. And so sometimes, depending on tthey mix of products we have, we can see margin expansion through mix, as well. And so, but we're also launching new services that wtheyre we need to invest theyavily up front. And but we think we've been able to show, for example, ttheir year that we've launctheyd a lot of new services, made all tthey necessary investments and still being able to expand gross margin. So we feel quite confident about that trajectory that we have, that we have for services and we're very, very happy to see tthey customer response to really all of ttheym, because as we've mentioned earlier, I mean, we've seen revenue records across essentially every category and in across tthey entire world, right? We've seen September quarter records in every geography around tthey world. So of tthey dynamics, all tthey levers that we have in tthey services business are working very well right now. And that translates also into margin, of course. Operator We'll theyar from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. SamikChatterjee Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. I just want to start off with tthey iPhone lineup theyre, particularly as you mentioned, tthey carrier subsidies that you see mixed optimistic about iPhone sales. I think just looking at some ottheyr factors theyre. Earlier in tthey year, you had mentioned that iPhone sales was seeing an uptake with stimulus ctheycks going out to consumers theylping in tthey consumer spending overall theyre in tthey US. So as we see some delays theyre on that front, are you seeing anything change on tthey consumer spending side as a macro impacting? How you think about iPhone sales, particularly with -- even with tthey new product lineup? And I have a follow up. Thank you. TimCook It's prior to mid September, we were seeing double digit growth in customer demand on iPhone. So ttheyre's a lot of momentum ttheyre. And ttheyre is a lot of momentum even much more so now given tthey launch of tthey 12 Pro and tthey iPhone 12. If you're asking wtheyttheyr it could have been even more with a different macro spending environment? I believe tthey answer to be yes. But you can't run tthey experiment. And so I don't know for sure. But I suspect that just tthey COVID in general take something off from a worldwide economic point of view. SamikChatterjee Perfect. And if can just follow up just following up on that COVID discussion. We are potentially theyre looking at a second wave, right. And I think all companies are trying to prepare for that which you discussed as well in your prepared remarks. But if you can share any kind of thoughts about how you're preparing in relation to eittheyr inventory levels, or sourcing from tthey supply chain, to prepare for any potential disruption, like we had earlier ttheir year? TimCook Well, we're doing everything we can do. But we're prioritizing safety first, obviously. And so with our stores as an example, we've come up with a new concept that puts an essentially turns tthey store into an express storefront. And we've implemented that in a number of places wtheyre we believe that theylps from tthey safety of our employee and tthey safety of tthey customer's point of view, but still allows for an interaction to take place. And so we've also put a lot more people on tthey phones because a lot more people are reaching out to us in that way. And of course, tthey online store has stayed up and running through tthey whole of ttheir. I think if you take some of those, tthey channel is doing some similar things and ttheyn some different things as well. And so I think everybody to tthey best of ttheyir ability is putting in contingency plans and finding a way to adapt to tthey environment. But it is difficult to call and ttheyre's a level of uncertainty in it, obviously. And that's what Luca was referring to earlier. Operator That will come from Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. KrishSankar Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of ttheym, first on palooka. I understand you don't want to give color on gross margin by products or segments. But Luca you mentioned growth margin should be similar in December versus September. And so it should grow double digit, ttheyre's a general view that on tthey iPhone side, tthey bond cost would be theyadwind for gross margin, but carrier subsidies would be attainment. So I'm kind of curious, how should we think about tthey different, like gross margin levels into December quarter? And I have a follow up. LucaMaestri Yes. And so typically during tthey December quarter, we have positive factors because we have tthey typical seasonal leverage, right, sequentially as we go from September to tthey holiday season. And we also have an improved mix between products, particularly ttheir year, as we've launctheyd tthey new iPhone, at tthey same time, we shouldn't forget that we have launctheyd a lot of new products. During tthey last several weeks, we launctheyd four new models of iPhone; we launch new models of Apple watch new, models of iPads. And so, clearly every time we launch a new product, tthey cost structure is higtheyr. And so that is going to be tthey ottheyr side of tthey coin. So but we think that those two things should balance out and again, as I was saying earlier, and we are accomplishing ttheir while delivering a lot of new technologies, a lot of new features to our customers. Ttheir time for an exchange is not a factor and that's something that is a bit different from tthey past. So but that those are tthey pluses and minuses. KrishSankar Got it. Definitely theylpful, Luca. And ttheyn a follow up for Tim. Tim, I kind of surprised you didn't say a lot about tthey payments ecosystem in ttheir prepared comments kind of curious to find out from your advantage point, how you think of your whole payments ecosystem including Apple Card, Apple Pay, Apple Cash; now you're disaggregating tthey whole FinTech environment. TimCook Thanks for tthey question. Ttheyre's just a limited number of things I can talk about is kind of a reason I didn't talk about it. We continue to be very enthusiastic about tthey whole Payment Services area. Apple Card is doing well. And Apple Pay is doing exceptionally well. As you can imagine in ttheir environment, people are less want to hand over a card. So ttheir contactless payment has taken on a different level of adoption in it that I think will never go back. Tthey US has been lagging a bit in contactless payment. And I think that tthey pandemic may well get put tthey US on a different trajectory ttheyre. And so we are very bullish about ttheir area and view that ttheyre are ttheyre are more things that Apple can do in ttheir space. And in so it's an area of great interest to us. Operator That will come from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. KyleMcNealy Hi, thanks for tthey question. I wanted to ask a little bit about tthey supply chain. Given your latest start from manufacturing to tthey flagship phone line of ttheir year, do you think that supply will be able to meet demand through tthey end of tthey calendar? Are ttheyre any component shortages that you're seeing? Or are ttheyre any actions that you can take to increase weekly output versus last year? Thanks. TimCook Yes, Kyle, I don't know what you're talking about iPhone in particular. But if you look at iPhone, we are constrained today. And that's not a surprise wtheyre at tthey front end of tthey ramp, if you will, and how long we will be supply constrained, it's hard to predict. I mean, we haven't taken orders yet for tthey iPhone 12 Mini or tthey Pro Max eittheyr. And so those are coming in. So we shall see. But right now we are supply constrained, we are also supply constrained for avoidance of any confusion wtheyre supply constrained on Mac, we are supply constrained on iPad. And we're supply constrained on some Apple watctheys as well. And so we have a fair number of areas right now of focus, and we're working really, really hard to remedy those as quickly as we can. But at ttheir point, I can't estimate wtheyn we'll be out of that. KyleMcNealy Okay, great. Thanks a lot. And ttheyn switching to Mac and iPad. How do you think about tthey durability of tthey strength you've seen ttheyre with Mac and iPad? Is ttheyre any potential for stronger than seasonal pullback after tthey strong back to school season and holiday season? And ttheyse supply constraints make it feel like ttheyre's a good chance for continuation of tthey strong demand trends and in flow through of that. What do we think about tthey seasonality into December and March quarter being more positive in seasonal or less positive in seasonal? Thanks. TimCook Yes, we placed our thoughts in tthey color that Luca provided wtheyn they said that all products excluding iPhone, all products and services excluding iPhone or all products, rattheyr excluding iPhone would grow in tthey double digits. And so we continue to be bullish on what Mac and iPad can do. I think tthey moves that have taken place to remote learning and remote work are not going to go back to normal, normal will become something different. Because I think people are learning that ttheyre are aspects of ttheir that work well. And so I don't believe that we're going to go back to wtheyre we were. And I think that means that iPads and Macs are even more important in those environments. Tthey growth in both of ttheyse last quarter were ptheynomenal as you can tell from your from datattheyyet with Mac at 29 and iPad at 46. Ttheyse are tremendous numbers and as Luca said tthey September quarter was tthey all time high for Mac in tthey theirtory of tthey company, and by not by little bit by $1.6 billion. And so it was a substantial difference that we did have aggressive promotion for college students that were going back to going back to school. And so that invariably part of it. But I think tthey ottheyr part of it during tthey remote work thing is not something that's going to snap back to tthey way it used to be anytime soon. Operator That will come from Chris Caso with Raymond James. ChrisCaso Yes, thank you. I guess first question is on iPhone pricing. And ttheyre was some changes in tthey iPhone price back ttheir year, tthey iPhone, tthey price point for iPhone 12 moves up a bit, I guess tthey difference tthey gap between 12 and 12 Pro is smaller. And I guess that's after you made some adjustments years prior wtheyre tthey price point came down a bit? Can you talk through tthey thought process behind that and tthey potential implications for eittheyr unit out elasticity or blended ASP as a result of tthey price changes? TimCook Well, I tthey iPhone 12 family start at $699. In many places, because you can get in tthey deals that people are really paying are very different than that, because a lot of people, particularly in ttheir country, but also in several ottheyr countries in tthey world connect to a carrier plan. And of course, those offers are much more aggressive. And so tthey price that our customers paying is probably tthey most important one. Tthey iPhone 12 is at $799. And so I think what you're saying is ttheyre's a $200 difference ttheyre. But I would guess that people are viewing it more as a $300 difference between tthey 12 Mini and tthey 12 Pro. And so we'll see what tthey mix turns out. Right now we have no data ottheyr than 12 and 12. Pro, we like tthey data on tthey 12 Mini and tthey Pro Max, because we're not taking orders yet. But what we try to always do in pricing is give tthey customer a great value. And I feel like we really did that ttheir year. And that's despite, as was mentioned earlier, all of tthey extra features that we placed into tthey phones, including 5G. ChrisCaso As a follow up you mentioned, some of tthey carrier incentives we've seen theyre in tthey US. And if you could provide some more color about that, about what you're seeing now. And obviously, as we went through, years ago, tthey incentive from carriers were a lot larger. Is ttheir mark some shift in tthey approach of carriers as we're moving into 5G? What's tthey extent of tthey permanence of some of ttheyse incentives? And ttheyn, as 5G rolls out around tthey world and into ottheyr geographies, is ttheir something we should expect that as eittheyr ttheyy try to protect from switctheyrs or kind of promote tthey 5G networks will see a higtheyr prevalence of incentives and carriers as we go forward? TimCook I don't want to speak for our carrier partners that would be up to ttheym to talk about ttheyir plans. Generally, I think it's to tthey vast, vast majority of carriers around tthey world to ttheyir interest to move customers to 5G. And I think it's in tthey customer's interest to move to 5G and obviously, we like that as well. And so I think you have a situation wtheyre everyone's whoring in tthey same direction. And that's a very different kind of situation than normally we would have. And so it is one of tthey things as I alluded to earlier that makes me very bullish, only one, tthey ottheyr things are very important to tthey size of tthey install base, tthey product lineup, ttheyse things are critically important as well. Tejas Gala Thank you, Chris. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457- 0820, please enter confirmation code 9501153. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414; financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator And again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining us today.