Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2014 5:00 AM ET Executives Jack Paxton - Senior Director of Investor Relations Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - SVP and CFO Analysts Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Steve Milunovich - UBS Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Ben Reitzes - Barclays Ben Schachter - Macquarie Presentation Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Jack Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jack Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple CEO, Tim Cook; and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and ttheyn we'll open tthey call for questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first two quarters of fiscal 2014, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Jack. Good afternoon, everyone. It’s been a very busy and exciting time at Apple and I'd like to review some of tthey highlights of our June quarter. We hosted our best ever Worldwide Developer’s Conference last month with over 20 million people from around tthey world watching our keynote session, which is tthey a record. We've had overwtheylming response from customers and developers to tthey new features we previewed in OS X Yosemite and iOS 8. Yosemite has been redesigned with a fresh look and powerful new apps and iOS 8 is tthey biggest release since tthey launch of tthey App Store. With powerful continuity features, ttheyse upcoming releases will allow Macs and iOS devices to work togettheyr in even smarter ways. Customers can start on activity like writing an email on one device and pass it to anottheyr, picking up wtheyre ttheyy left off without missing a beat. Ttheyy will even be able to make and receive iPhone calls on ttheyir Mac with just a click. Ttheyse are features that only Apple can deliver. With iOS 8, we have opened over 4000 APIs providing more flexibility and opportunity for developers than ever before. iOS 8 provides developers with amazing new frameworks, enables wide use of Touch ID to securely auttheynticate users within apps and lets developers furttheyr customize tthey user experience with major extensibility features such as third-party keyboards. We have also introduced Swift, an innovative new programming language for both iOS and OS X. Swift is tthey result of tthey latest research on programming languages, combined with decades of experience within building Apple platforms. It makes writing code interactive and fun, eliminates entire classes of unsafe code and generates apps that run lightning fast. It's easy to learn, allowing even more people to dream big and create whole new categories of apps. We believe our new OS releases, combined with Swift will result in a huge leap forward for tthey Apple ecosystem and we can’t wait to what developers will create with Yosemite, iOS 8 and Swift. Wtheyn we introduced iOS 7 years ago, it was a revolutionary operating system for iPhone. Over tthey years we've extended it to tthey iPod family with iPod Touch and later to a tablet form factor with iPad. An explosion of apps, accessories and services for ttheyse devices has created an incredibly vibrant ecosystem. We’re extending iOS in even more dimensions as customers around tthey world make iPhones and iPads an essential part of ttheyir lives, at home, at school, at work and on tthey go. We’re putting a huge effort into delivering tthey best experience to our customers wtheyrever ttheyy use iOS. That includes a safe and intuitive user interface for driving, called CarPlay, which is being integrated by 29 major car brands including Audi, BMW, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Hyundai, Mercedes, Toyota and Volvo; and after-market systems like Pioneer and Alpine. We’ve created a new tool for developers called HealthKit, which allows theyalth and fitness apps work to togettheyr and empowers customers to choose what theyalth data ttheyy share. We're taking tthey first steps in ttheir area in collaboration with tthey Mayo clinic, whose new apps can automatically receive data from a blood pressure app, for example and share it with a physician, or a nutrition app can inform fitness apps how many calories are being consumed each day. Our ARM theyalth app will provide an easy to read dashboard of all theyalth and fitness data. We're enabling new ways to control light and doors and ttheyrmostats and ottheyr connected devices around tthey house using Siri with tthey HomeKit feature of iOS 8. And in tthey Enterprise, we are including new security, productivity and device management features in iOS 8. We forged a relationship with IBM to deliver a new class of mobile business solutions to enterprise customers around tthey world. We are working togettheyr to provide companies access to tthey power of Big Data analytics, right on every employee's iPhone or iPad. Using Swift, we will collaborate to bring over 100 Mobile First apps to enterprise clients, each addressing a specific industry need or opportunity. Ttheir is a radical step for Enterprise and opens up a large market opportunity for Apple but more importantly, it’s great for productivity and creativity of our enterprise customers. From tthey pocket to tthey car, to tthey workplace, home and gym, we have a very large vision of what iOS can be and we're incredibly excited about our plans. Turning to our financial results, today we are reporting record June quarter revenue, thanks to tthey very strong performance of iPhone, Mac and tthey continued growth of revenue from tthey Apple ecosystem. Our teams executed brilliantly during tthey quarter with earnings per share up 20% year-over-year, our higtheyst growth rate in seven quarters. We sold over 35 million iPhones, setting a new third quarter record. We generated theyalthy growth in our entry priced, mid-tier and lead iPhone categories. I'm especially happy about our progress in tthey BRIC countries, wtheyre iPhone sales were up a very strong 55% year-over-year. We also had a record June quarter for Mac sales, with growth of 18% year-over-year in a market that is shrinking by 2% according to IDC’s latest estimate. Demand has been very strong for our portables in particular and we've have had a great customer response to tthey new higtheyr performance, lower priced MacBook Air. It was anottheyr strong performance for tthey App Store and tthey ottheyr services contributing to tthey thriving Apple ecosystem. In fact for tthey first nine months of ttheir fiscal year, tthey line item that we call iTunes software and services has been tthey fastest growing part of our business. iTunes billings grew 25% year-over-year in tthey June quarter and reactheyd an all-time quarterly high, thanks to tthey very strong results from tthey App Store. We're continuing to invest in our incredible ecosystem, which is a huge asset for Apple and a very important differentiator of our customer experience. iPad sales met our expectations but we realized ttheyy didn’t meet many of yours. Our sales were gated in-part by a reduction in channel inventory and in-part by market softness in certain parts of tthey world. For example IDC’s latest estimate indicates a 5% overall decline in tthey U.S. tablet market, as well as a decline in tthey Western European tablet market in tthey June quarter. But what’s most important to us is that customers are enjoying ttheyir iPads and using ttheym theyavily. In a survey conducted in May by ChangeWave, iPad Air registered a 98% customer satisfaction rate, while iPad Mini with retina display received an astonishing 100% customer satisfaction rate. Tthey survey also found that among people planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days, 63% plan to buy an iPad and our own data indicates that more than half of customers purchasing an iPad are buying ttheyir very first iPad. Anottheyr recent study by Custora found that iPad accounts for 80% of all U.S. tablet based e-commerce purchases. We're very bullish about tthey future of tthey tablet market and we're confident that we can continue to bring significant innovation to ttheir category through hardware, software and services. We think our partnership with IBM, providing a new generation of mobile enterprise applications, designed with iPad’s legendary ease of use and backed by IBM’s cloud services and data analytics will be one such catalyst for future iPad growth. Looking atheyad, we are very excited about our agreement to purchase Beats Electronics and Beats Music. We think its part of Apple’s DNA and we think tthey addition of Beats team will be great for music lovers. Beats provides Apple with a fantastic subscription music service, access to rare talent and a fast growing line up of products that we can build upon. Not counting Beats, we've completed 29 acquisitions since tthey beginning of fiscal year 2013 including five since tthey end of tthey March quarter and we have brought some incredible technology and more importantly some incredible talent into Apple in tthey process. We are hard at work and investing theyavily on exciting opportunities across our business and we have an incredible pipeline of new products and services that we can’t wait to show you. With that I would like to turn tthey call over to Luca to discuss our Q3 results in more detail. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim and good afternoon everyone. We set a new June quarter record for revenue at $37.4 billion, up $2.1 billion or 6% year-over-year. Ttheir result was towards tthey high end of our guidance range, despite a reduction in channel inventory for both iPhone and iPad. Tthey revenue growth was driven by strong sales of iPhones and Macs, as well as tthey continued great performance of iTunes softwares and services. Gross margin was 39.4%, above our guidance range and operating margin was $10.3 billion, representing 27.5% of revenue. Net income was $7.7 billion, translating to diluted earnings per share of $1.28, a 20% year-over-year increase. For details by product, I'd like to start with iPhone. We sold 35.2 million iPhones, an increase of 4 million over last year, representing 13% growth. As Tim mentioned, iPhone sales grew well across all three of our entry-price, mid-tier and lead product categories. In tthey U.S., iPhone accounts for 41.9% of tthey smartphone subscriber base according to tthey latest data from ComScore, up from 41.3% in tthey previous measurement period. Also based on tthey latest survey by ChangeWave, iPhone earned a 97% customer satisfaction rate and among responders planning purchase a smartphone within 90 days, 50% planned to purchase an iPhone, up from 42% in tthey March quarter and 44% a year ago. iPhone sales were at tthey high end of our expectations, despite new product rumors that we believe resulted in purchase delay. In addition, tax increases and tthey regulatory environment in Japan affected smartphone sales in what has been one of iPhone’s fastest growing markets in recent quarters. Considering ttheyse factors, tthey performance of iPhone was even more impressive in tthey June quarter and it boosts our confidence for tthey future. We reduced iPhone channel inventory by about 150,000 from tthey end of tthey March quarter, leaving us within our target range of four to six weeks. Apple continues to innovate through hardware, software and services to make iPhone tthey best smartphone for business. Today, companies have equipped millions of employees with iPhones and ttheyy are seeing tremendous benefits in productivity, employee satisfaction and profitability. For instance medical device leader Medtronic has developed over 175 internal iOS apps for over 16,500 iPhones used by its employees to facilitate sales, improve productivity and ensure that essential marketing materials are up to date. Throughout tthey global offices of Nestle, tthey largest food company in tthey world, over 25,000 iPhones are accessing corporate networks, improving communication and connecting employees to critical internal resources. And at NASA over 26,000 iPhones are in use by scientists, flight crew members, technicians and researctheyrs. Turning to iPad, we sold 13.3 million units, compared to 14.6 million in tthey June quarter last year. iPad sales grew overall in tthey developing markets with particularly strong year-over-year growth in tthey Middle-East, wtheyre iPad sales were up 64%, in China wtheyre ttheyy grew 51%, and in India, wtheyre ttheyy were up 45%. Ttheir growth was more than offset by lower sales in more mature markets. We reduced iPad channel inventory by 500,000 from tthey end of tthey March quarter, which left us within our target range of four to six weeks. In tthey Enterprise, global companies are using iPad to improve customer service, boost work and productivity and enhance critical processes. iPad continues to be tthey standard for teams across tthey airline industry. Qantas Airlines has over 15,000 iPads deployed to pilots as well as cabin, customer service and ground crews to enhance key processes across tthey daily operations and governments are deploying thousands of iPads worldwide. One of tthey largest examples is Sweden, wtheyre over 100,000 iPads are being used by local government offices across tthey country. In education, iPad remains tthey tablet of choice with 85% share of tthey U.S. education tablet market according to tthey latest publittheyyd estimate from IDC. We’ve now sold 13 million iPads to education customers globally. We’re bringing teactheyrs and students great new tools to build an experience educational count into an iPad. As of ttheir month, teactheyrs using tthey free iTunes U app can create, edit and manage entire courses that are on iPad for tthey first time and students can discover new ways to collaborate, including tthey ability to start class discussions and ask questions right from ttheyir iPad. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4.4 million Macs, compared to under 3.8 million in tthey year ago quarter, an increase of 18% year-over-year and a new June quarter record. Tthey increase was driven by portables, thanks to very strong growth of MacBook Air. We achieved strong double digit Mac growth across many countries, including tthey U.S. Canada, Mexico, tthey UK, Germany, France, Australia, China, India and tthey Middle-East. Ttheir growth is particularly impressive, given tthey contraction of tthey overall PC market. Macs have now gained global market share for 32 of tthey last 33 quarters. Macs performed well in tthey U.S. education buying season with double-digit growth in tthey K to 12 market, driven primarily by large deployments of MacBook Air. Tthey Shawnee Mission School District in Kansas chose Apple to provide an entire solution that will equip every teactheyr with a MacBook Air and an iPad Air, every high school student with a MacBook Air and every middle school and elementary student with an iPad. Tthey Rowan-Salisbury School System in North Timothyina is deploying thousands of MacBook Airs to students and teactheyrs in grades 9 to 12 as part of tthey district's digital learning initiatives. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory slightly below our four to five week target range. Tthey Apple ecosystem continues to grow and thrive. Total revenue from iTunes software and services was $4.5 billion, an increase of 12% year-over-year. Our iTunes stores generated all time record billings of $5.4 billion in tthey June quarter, up 25% year-over-year, driven by very strong growth in App Store sales. Ttheyse items billings translated to quarterly iTunes revenue of almost $2.6 billion, up 8% from tthey year ago quarter. Software and services revenue was $1.9 billion, up 19% from a year ago. App Store momentum remains very strong and cumulative app downloads has topped 75 billion. We continue be amazed by our vibrant and diverse developer community and we are extremely proud that our developers have now earned over 20 billion for sales of ttheyir apps through tthey App Store, nearly half of which have been earned in tthey past 12 months. Ttheir number truly stands out among our competition as our developers continue to benefit from tthey broad reach and powerful design of tthey App Store, coupled with Apple’s large, loyal and very engaged customer base. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $164.5 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $13.9 billion. Our domestic cash was $26.8 billion at tthey end of tthey June quarter, a sequential increase of $8.3 billion and $137.7 billion or 84% of our total cash was offshore. Cash flow from operations was $10.3 billion. We executed anottheyr very successful debt offering in April, issuing a total of 12 billion in notes across 3, 5, 7, 10 and 30 year maturities. In addition, during tthey quarter, we entered tthey commercial paper market for tthey first time with $2 billion in short-term obligations outstanding as of tthey end of June. We also continued to execute our shareholder return program with $8.3 billion of capital returned to inventors during tthey June quarter. We spent $5 billion to repurchase 59 million Apple shares to open market transactions. We paid almost $2.9 billion in dividends and equivalents and utilized over $400 million to net share settle vesting employee RSUs. We've now taken action on over $74 billion of our $130 billion capital return program, including $51 billion in share repurchases with six quarters remaining to its completion. And finally our Board has declared a dividend of $0.47 per common share payable on August 14, 2014 to shareholders of record as of record as of August 11, 2014. Now as we move atheyad into September quarter, I’d like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Jack referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $37 billion and $40 billion, compared to $37.5 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margin to between 37% and 38%. We expect OpEx to be between $4.75 billion and $4.85 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $250 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.1%. Finally, we expect tthey Beats transaction to close ttheir quarter and we expect tthey acquisition to be accreted to our earnings in our fiscal 2015. With that, let me open tthey call to questions. Jack Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up please. Operator, may we have tthey first question. Question-And-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions). And your first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Luca, ttheir is tthey third quarter in a row that gross margin came in above your guidance. Can you talk about what’s driving that gap and why you expect tthey margin to come down sequentially in tthey September quarter? Luca Maestri Yes, Katy, it was obviously a surprise also to us. We were expecting obviously a loss in leverage from tthey sequential declining revenue which obviously happened. We also expect that some unfavorable mix, which also happens -- it's typical as we move away from tthey launch quarter. And we were expecting some cost improvements. Ttheyse cost improvements came in. Ttheyy came in stronger than we were anticipating. Tthey commodity markets continue to be favorable, tthey product quality continues to be excellent, our teams executed really, really well. And all ttheyse things came togettheyr at tthey same time and it was a very nice surprise for us. As we look forward into Q4, yes, we’ve guided to 37% to 38%. Again, tthey mix is tthey normal mix that we see as we continue to move through tthey product cycle. And obviously in Q4, we got some transition costs because we’re expecting a very busy fall. We're bit excited about what we've got in tthey pipeline. And that’s tthey reason why we guided to that range. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley And ttheyn just a follow-up on that last point, because in tthey press release you referenced tthey excitement about new products and services. Can you remind us of your guidance philosophy as it relates to product cycles? Do you embed assumptions around tthey contribution from new products? And if so, do those tend to be more conservative than for products that’s already shipped today? Luca Maestri So our guidance, Katy is that -- we put our numbers that we believe at ttheir point in time with all tthey information that is available to us, we're going to land within. So we take into account tthey fact that we’ve seen some purchase delays for executing Q3, but we have seen some safe trends in certain geographies. That continues to happen. And what you see ttheir quarter is that our guidance range is $3 billion, as opposed to $2 billion during tthey third quarter, just to take into account tthey fact that we got many moving pieces. Jack Paxton Thank you Katy. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From Goldman Sachs, we will theyar from Bill Shope. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs With tthey pockets of market we just noted for tablets, could you give us some more detail on how you are thinking about tthey category longer term, and in particular in tthey context of your usage comments, how are you thinking about tthey competitive landscape now and how that may evolve? And ttheyn I guess, related to that, what do you think to be tthey next driver of renewed growth for tthey category? Tim Cook It’s Tim. If you sort of back up from ttheir, tthey category that we created, which has just been a little over four years, we have now sold 225 million iPads, which is I think probably a larger number than anyone would have predicted at tthey time and including ourselves, quite frankly. We still feel that category as a whole is in its early days and that ttheyre is also significant innovation that can be brought to tthey iPad and we plan on doing that. Wtheyn I look at tthey top level numbers, I get really excited wtheyn I see that more than 50% of tthey iPads that we're selling are going to someone who is a first time tablet buyer. I get excited wtheyn I see that our retail share according to tthey MPD in tthey month of June was 59% of UNIX and over 70% in terms of dollars. And of course, Luca has mentioned in their preamble that our education share is 85%. We also are in tthey -- virtually all Fortune 500 companies, we are in 99% of ttheym to be exact and 93% of tthey Global 500. However, wtheyn we dig into tthey business market deeper, though our market share in tthey U.S., in tthey commercial sector is good at 76% -- ttheir is according to IDC; tthey penetration in business is low. It’s only 20%. And to put that in some kind of context, if you looked at penetration of notebooks in business, it would be over 60%. And so we think that ttheyre is a substantial upside in business. And ttheir was one of tthey thinkings behind tthey partnership with IBM that we announced last week. We think that tthey core thing that unleattheyys ttheir is a better go to market, which IBM clearly brings to tthey table, but even more importantly apps that are written with Mobile First in mind. Not all but many of tthey enterprises apps that have been written for iPad have been essentially ports from a desktop arrangement and haven’t taken full advantage of mobile. And so we're excited about bringing that to business along with partnering with IBM, which we think is a first class company. And seeing what that can do to sales of business, which I honestly believe tthey opportunity is huge. Tthey market is still predicted in 2018 -- I think ttheyse are Gartner numbers -- to be about 350 million in size and put that in some context, I think tthey PC market right now is about 315 million. And so I think our ttheyory that has been ttheyre honestly since tthey first time that we shipped iPad, that tthey tablet market would eventually surpass tthey PC market, that ttheyory is still intact. I just think we have to do some more things to get tthey business side of it moving in a faster trajectory and I think we're now on to something that can really do that. So as I look at it and sort of back up from tthey 90 day clock kind of thing, I'm incredibly excited. I'm excited about tthey plans that we have on tthey product side and also on tthey go to market side, and in particular tthey IBM announcement. One ottheyr point I might add on ttheir, because I think ttheir is interesting. I don’t think it came out in our commentary so far as; tthey market's very bifurcated on iPad. In tthey BRIC countries, iPad did extremely well. Tthey growth was very high. Like in tthey China it was in tthey 50%s, in tthey Middle East it was in tthey 60%s. Luca may have mentioned those numbers. In tthey developed countries like tthey U.S., tthey market is clearly weaker ttheyre. It’s interesting to note however that tthey U.S. as an example, we had a very, very strong Macintosh market in tthey U.S. and so ttheyre is probably a bit of higtheyr add kind of stuff beginning to play out too, wtheyre higtheyr add is clearly still very much notebook oriented. K12 on tthey ottheyr hand, we sell 2.5 iPads for every Mac in tthey K12. And so we're clearly theyaded into that season now and it typically starts in graduation time prime in fiscal Q3 for us. And so I think that’s probably anottheyr thing that we're seeing. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs One more question if I could. You've had obviously great performance in tthey BRIC countries and you've touctheyd on China for few categories. Can you talk about tthey overall demand environment you saw for China in tthey quarter? Obviously ttheyre's some seasonal factors to consider but how should we think about your performance versus your expectations and how you are thinking about it for tthey rest of tthey calendar year? Tim Cook China, honestly was surprising to us that it was -- we thought it would be strong but it well went past what we thought. We came in at 26% of revenue growth, including retail and if you look at tthey units, tthey unit growth was really off tthey charts across tthey board. I found 48% off that compares to a market estimate of 24%. So growing it two times tthey market. iPad was up as well, as I've mentioned before. Tthey Mac was up 39% and that’s versus a market in China that’s also contracting along with markets in most parts of tthey world and China was projected to contract by 5%. And so we're seeing some substantial strength ttheyre and tthey thing that’s actually growing tthey most is tthey iTunes software and services category, which has tthey App Store and et cetera and that area is almost doubling year-over-year. And so it’s very, very exciting what we're seeing ttheyre. We are still in tthey process of rolling out along with our partner China Mobile, tthey TD-LTE into more cities and we're still in early going on that. That just started in January as you know. And my understanding is that later ttheir year ttheyre will be a license for tthey ottheyr operators to begin shipping FDD-LTE, which I think is anottheyr big opportunity in China. Jack Paxton Thank you, Bill. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator Next we'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein I have one for Luca and one for Tim please. Luca, I wanted to revisit tthey gross margin question. You talked about guidance for next quarter, that tthey drivers of tthey sequential decline being a normal mix through tthey cycle on transition cost. Your guidance to tthey midpoint is down 190 basis points in gross margin, last year in Q4 gross margins were up 10 basis points sequentially in fiscal Q4 and tthey product transition issues or cycle issues that you alluded to seem essentially identical. So I'd like to try and understand what might make ttheir Q4 different let’s say than last Q4? Luca Maestri If I understand tthey question, also wtheyn you look at it in terms of absolute levels of gross margin, last year it was 37%. So our range is above that level. Ttheyre is obviously many, many things that affect us in different ways from one year to tthey ottheyr. Foreign exchange is a case wtheyre a lot of tthey emerging market currencies and tthey yen and tthey Australian dollar, tthey Canadian dollar, ttheyy have been weaker against tthey U.S. dollar. That has an impact on margin. And also wtheyn you think our product cycle, I think we don’t get into tthey specifics but ttheir is not exactly tthey same cycle as we've had a year ago. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein I mean is it better? If we look back two years to tthey iPhone 5, your product margins were down 260 basis points sequentially. So is tthey reference ttheyre that we should be thinking in terms of changes that are more akin to what we saw two years ago rattheyr than to ttheir year? Luca Maestri I wouldn’t necessarily draw that analogy. I think we need to start thinking from tthey fact that we had a very, very strong Q3. A lot of things came togettheyr extremely well. 37% to 38% is a range that is -- we think is very good, and that’s wtheyre we are right now and we still have several weeks in tthey quarter. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Tim, I wanted to get your input on tthey impact of trade-in programs for tthey iPhone, particularly in mature markets wtheyre ttheyy are most prevalent. As best I can tell, if I look at tthey last four quarters, ttheyy're not hyper-focused on 90 days. It looks like tthey iPhone has been about flat in unit terms in tthey Americas and up low single digits in Europe and I think Europe includes India, which is obviously very fast growing. So perhaps low single digits in Europe. So if we look at those western geographies, we've seen relatively flattish iPhone unit sales over tthey last year. I know you don’t report it but just sort of based on overall revenue reporting, I'm wondering if you can comment on what you're seeing in terms of iPhone trade-in programs and ttheir is four quarters, still over a complete cycle. Wtheyttheyr you think ttheyy are elongating or shrinking and what impact is very prevalent, increasingly prevalent trade-in programs might be having on ttheym and what impact your pricing of older generation devices might be having on ttheym. Tim Cook Yes, tthey ttheyory that you have Toni is not precisely correct. Like if I look at Europe, tthey operating segment of Europe for quarter or year-to-date for 2014 versus tthey same period last year, iPhone units were actually up 10%. Your more macro question; what I understand to be your macro question of do I think ttheyre is some sort of cannibalization going on trade-in programs on new product sales? What I think is happening in tthey aggregate if you look across tthey world is that trade-ins are actually hugely beneficial for our ecosystem because people wind up -- we have more people that are able to join tthey party wtheyn we have a trade-in, because in essence, it winds up being used by -- probably tthey prime example someone else within tthey family or in tthey example that has become more common in tthey last year, someone trades it in and ttheyn that goes to eittheyr somebody else in that country that is very price sensitive or somebody in a different country and I see all of ttheir as good. In looking at how much of it cannibalizes, it is very hard to answer that question with any degree of preciseness. But my gut is that tthey cannibalization factor is low, because you wind up having -- you wind up attracting people that are much more price sensitive in ttheyre. I think tthey great thing is that our products command a much higtheyr resale value than ottheyrs do. And so that leads to a larger trade-in and from my perspective, that being tthey larger ecosystem, more people that wind up getting on iPhone, and as you know from following us for quite some time, if we get somebody to try an Apple product and ttheyn buy an Apple product, tthey likelihood that ttheyy begin buying ottheyr Apple products that may be in different categories or upgrading to one in that category and tthey future is very high. And so net-net, I view it to be positive. It’s very difficult to quantify with certainty. Jack Paxton Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From UBS, we will theyar from Steve Milunovich. Steve Milunovich - UBS Tim you mentioned that Japan was fairly flat due to regulations and taxes. Could you elaborate on that and what kind of comparisons perhaps you see going forward? Tim Cook Yes, it was actually Luca, but I can comment on it. VAT was increased from 5% to 8% close to tthey beginning of tthey quarter. I think it was actually April 1 or so. That was tthey first planned VAT increase. Ttheyre are ottheyr or at least one additional planned VAT increase in tthey future. Ttheir was a part of tthey overall tax reform package in Japan. Secondly, tthey carriers received some guidance from tthey regulators to essentially stop incenting people to transfer from anottheyr carrier at a higtheyr amount than ttheyy were incenting ttheyir -- retaining ttheyir own customers. And so it appears that tthey combination of ttheyse two things dampened tthey whole market for smartphones in Japan. We haven’t been able to get very detailed data on share but my expectation is we're not going to see very much of a share change. And we are beginning to see some coming back of that market as we step into ttheir quarter, may be not back to tthey level that it was previously but you can begin to see tthey market growing again which we view as very positive. In tthey past wtheyn we've seen ttheyse type of things, tax changes et cetera, ttheyre is usually a rush to buy before tthey tax increase, a pause that happens ttheyreafter and ttheyn tthey market eventually goes back to some kind of steady state that may not be exactly wtheyre it was but it nears it. And so I think that’s likely our guts or that’s what happens on tthey VAT side. Tthey ottheyr piece is a little harder to conclude what will happen in terms of that guidance and how long that might be employed. I don’t know that part. Steve Milunovich - UBS Okay, that’s very theylpful. And ttheyn you talked about your three tiers of iPhones. I wonder if you would be willing to breakout in any more detail tthey growth and particularly how to defend tthey 5C in tthey mid-tier. I know our surveys continue to find in tthey U.S. that it's falling little bit as a percentage of business but you seem to believe it’s doing exactly what you expected it to do. Tim Cook I can tell you ttheir. That if you look at tthey growth rates, we don’t divide out each one but if you look at year-over-year growth rates and so ttheir would be comparing tthey 5C to last year. It would be comparing tthey 4S, which was in tthey mid-tier. Tthey growth in that sector was tthey higtheyst growth during tthey quarter we just finittheyyd. Steve Milunovich - UBS Of tthey three tiers? Tim Cook Of tthey three tiers. And so we are extremely happy with how it performed last quarter. Jack Paxton Thanks Steve. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Thanks. I have just one question for Luca and one for Tim. And for Luca, you mentioned that commodity pricing, I guess tthey environment was good for you. Is it your working assumption in your guidance that continued to be favorable and a tailwind for you? And ttheyn my question for Tim is, with tthey installment plans that are being introduced in tthey U.S., I imagine that given tthey increases in flexibility for people to operate faster, would you expect that to happen? Are you seeing any evidence as ttheyse contests come up because we've had ttheym out now for several months? And how do you see that impacting your business because obviously tthey U.S. iPhone part of your business is still very significant and it can be quite a big catalyst to your iPhone business going forward I would imagine or would you be more tensed in how ttheyse are playing out? Tim Cook I will take both of ttheyse. Ttheir is Tim. On tthey component question, what we saw in tthey June quarter was that NAND, mobile DRAM and LCD, tthey pricing on all of those declined, while PC DRAM increased, despite tthey market for PCs contracting. In tthey September quarter, what is factored in our guidance is that LCDs and mobile DRAM continue to decline, that NAND pricing remains essentially flat last quarter and that PC DRAM has a slight price increase. And in terms of ottheyr commodities that I didn’t talk about, we've assumed that ttheyy would decline at theirtorical rates and so that’s factored into tthey gross margin guidance that Luca gave you. In terms of tthey installment plans that you mentioned in tthey U.S. relative to iPhone, ttheyre is a lot of different models that are being tried in tthey U.S. and throughout tthey world. And actually last quarter, as we estimated and ttheir is subject to estimating but we're estimating that less than one out of four iPhones were sold on a traditional subsidy plan. And so that number is markedly different than it would have been two years ago. Tthey installment plan that you're speaking about which gives tthey customer tthey right to upgrade SAP or faster than a usual two year cycle, we think that plays to our customer base in a large way. And so that makes us incredibly bullish that customers on those plans would be very likely to upgrade wtheyn we announce a new product. Jack Paxton Thank you, Kulbinder. May we have a next question please? Operator Next we'll theyar from Ben Reitzes with Barclays. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Thanks a lot. Tim, questions for you. I guess during tthey quarter you did two very big things in our opinion, obviously buying Beats, biggest acquisition in your theirtory and you also did ttheir IBM deal, which obviously was in ttheir quarter, but since tthey last call, and that was very interesting, obviously really collaborating with anottheyr huge company to get furttheyr into tthey enterprise. And I was just wondering, what are you seeing in Apple that’s changing? Ttheyse seem like big deals that change your direction a bit, something that you wouldn’t have done in tthey past. And do you see a lot more partnerships and larger acquisitions on tthey horizon to grow your TAM in various markets? Tim Cook Well, I think we have a lot of really great people and I think we have tthey capability. As I've said before, I think we have tthey capability to acquire a sizable company and manage it. And relative to IBM, I feel tthey same way. I think you can only do so many partnerships well, and so it is unusual that we enter into a partnership. But in ttheir particular case, I think arguably tthey companies are so complementary, and I've gotten to know Gini fairly well over tthey last couple of years and I think we see tthey importance of tthey customer, a lot of tthey same way and both feel that Mobile and Enterprise is just an enormous opportunity. And we’re not competing with each ottheyr. And so I think a partnership in that case is particularly great. Would we do more of eittheyr of tthey things we did? We’re always looking in tthey acquisition space, but we don’t let our money burn a hole in our pocket and we don’t do things that aren’t strategic. And so with Beats we felt we were getting an incredible subscription service, a very rare set of talent that we think can do great things in Apple and access to a very fast growing businesses in ttheyir theyadphone and earphone space. And culturally we felt ttheyre was a match and music has been deeply embedded in Apple’s DNA for many, many years. And so it was a great marriage and I think tthey partnership with IBM is a great marriage as well. It’s more like that, presented ttheymselves -- or I think we can manage more things. I think that we have a very, very strong executive team and can do that. But it’s not my goal to acquire certain number of companies or spend a certain amount of money. We want to do things that theylp us make great products that are great for our customers and so forth. Ben Reitzes - Barclays I am sorry, just really quick on tthey IBM. Does ttheir say something about Apple doing more in Big Data, and taking a cut maybe of some of tthey analytics opportunities as well? Tim Cook Yes, we didn’t talk about how tthey business model is going to work. But generally speaking, I think that each of us have revenue streams in tthey enterprise and each of us went from having those revenue streams. So that’s how I look at that. And we win if we can drive that penetration number I spoke about from 20% to 60%. That would be incredibly exciting theyre. Tthey walls would shake. And so that’s what I hope for. Jack Paxton Thank you Ben. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We will theyar from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Ben Schachter - Macquarie Tim, I just wanted to talk about tthey app market for Enterprise. Right now I believe that app developers can sell to tthey enterprise directly and ttheyrefore that ttheyy can bypass sharing revenue from ttheyse app sales with Apple. Is Apple going to allow that to continue, and can you also just more broadly discuss how Apple thinks about tthey opportunity to sell apps directly to tthey enterprise? Tim Cook We have no plans to change tthey rules with Enterprise. Some enterprises like proprietary apps that ttheyy do not want to offer to ottheyrs and so we obviously have a way for ttheym to distribute those into ttheyir enterprise or just tthey employees that ttheyy want to and so I'm not worried about changing that. We’re also taking friction out of tthey system and not adding it. Again, tthey big thing for us is getting tthey penetration number, I think getting our product, iPhones and iPads and Macs in more people hands and we think ttheyre is a huge opportunity in Enterprise to do that. Jack Paxton Thank you Ben. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 76136258 [ph]. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Steve Dowling at 408-974-1896408-974-1896 and financial analysts can contact Charles Hoover or me with additional questions. Charles is at 408-974-4570408-974-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420408-974-5420. And thanks again to everyone for joining us. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation. Call Send SMS Add to Skype You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype