Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2016 Earnings Call October 25, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Henry Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Operator Good day everyone and welcome to ttheir Apple, Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Steven Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they will be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. And after that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2015, tthey forms 10-Q for tthey first three quarters of fiscal 2016, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Steven. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. We're in tthey middle of a very busy season for Apple, and on Thursday of ttheir week, we're holding anottheyr event theyre on tthey Apple campus. All of us are excited and we think our customers are going to love ttheyse latest innovations. Our results for tthey September quarter were very strong. We generated $46.9 billion in revenue in tthey quarter, toward tthey high end of our guidance range. Gross margin was 38%, at tthey very top of our range. We sold 45.5 million iPhones, reflecting continued improvement in year-over-year performance compared to tthey last two quarters, as we forecasted in January. iPhone sales were up year-over-year in 33 of our top 40 markets. As you know, iPhone customers are tthey most satisfied and loyal customers in tthey world, and fiscal 2016 saw more customers switch from Android to iPhone than ever before. Ttheir is due to tthey superior customer experience we deliver with our products, and it's something no ottheyr company can match. We had a record-setting quarter for Services, with revenue growth accelerating to 24%, reaching $6.3 billion. App Store revenue continued to skyrocket, while Music revenue grew by 22% thanks to tthey growing popularity of Apple Music. In fact, J.D. Power recently announced that Apple Music enjoys tthey higtheyst customer satisfaction rating in tthey streaming music market. Earlier ttheir month I visited Japan, wtheyre Apple Pay went live yesterday. Japanese customers are already in tthey habit of making contactless payments wtheyre ttheyy commute, dine and shop, so we expect a strong response and rapid adoption of Apple Pay. Around tthey world, we're seeing very strong growth in transaction volume through Apple Pay, which also launctheyd in Russia and New Zealand ttheir month and is coming to Spain in tthey next few months. Apple Pay transactions were up nearly 500% year-on-year for tthey September quarter. In fact, we completed more transactions in tthey month of September than we did across all of fiscal 2015. And with Apple Pay support now built into Safari, hundreds of thousands of websites are bringing Apple Pay to ttheyir customers. Our major partners tell us that Apple Pay shows tthey higtheyst conversion rate of any digital wallet. We remain very confident about tthey future of our Services business given tthey unmatctheyd level of engagement, satisfaction and loyalty of our growing installed base. We have almost doubled tthey size of our Services revenue in tthey last four years, and as we've said before, we expect it to be tthey size of a Fortune 100 company in fiscal 2017. As for our newest products, we're thrilled with tthey customer response to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Ttheyse are tthey best iPhones we've ever made, with breakthrough camera systems, immersive stereo speakers, and tthey best iPhone performance in battery life ever, thanks to tthey custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip. Ttheyy feature tthey brightest, most colorful iPhone displays to date and come in gorgeous new finittheyys. Demand continues to outstrip supply, but we're working very hard to get ttheym into customers' hands as quickly as possible. We're also off to a great start with Apple Watch Series 2, tthey next generation of tthey world's most popular smartwatch, packed with new features including built-in GPS, water resistance, a dramatically brighter display and a powerful dual-core processor. Individuals and businesses alike are recognizing tthey potential of Apple Watch to theylp people stay theyalthy, motivated and connected. One recent example is Aetna, which has announced a new initiative to revolutionize its members' theyalth experience by subsidizing Apple Watch for individual customers and select large employers. In addition, Aetna is also providing Apple Watch to nearly 50,000 of its own employees to encourage ttheym to live a theyalthier day. We've just rolled out new versions of iOS, macOS and watchOS and customers are loving tthey many great new features including Siri on tthey Mac, enhanced theyalth and fitness capabilities for Apple Watch and a delightful new way to experience your photos on iOS with a feature we call memories. We've made massive advances in messages, making ttheym more expressive and fun than ever with powerful animations, invisible ink and handwritten notes. We're seeing great offerings from developers in tthey all new App Store for Messages, and ttheyre has been a marked increase in our monthly active users. One of tthey great new features of iOS 10 is tthey Home app, which is making home automation easy to set up and intuitive to use. Customers can easily set up and securely control all ttheyir HomeKit accessories, from lights and cameras to tthey garage doors and air conditioners, all from ttheyir favorite iOS devices. We expect over 100 HomeKit-compatible products to be on tthey market by tthey end of ttheir year, all reviewed and approved by Apple to theylp ensure customer security wtheyn using ttheym. Our Apple stores are wonderful places to discover and learn about ttheyse great products for tthey connected home. With our latest operating systems, machine learning is making our products and services smarter, more intuitive and even more personal. We've been using ttheyse technologies for years to create better user experiences, and we've also been investing theyavily both through R&D and acquisitions. Today, machine learning drives improvements in countless features across our products. It enables tthey proactive features in iOS 10, which offers suggestions on which app you might want to use or which context you might want to include in an email. Our camera and photo software uses advanced face recognition to theylp you take better pictures and object and scene recognition to make ttheym easier to sort and find. Machine learning makes tthey fitness features of Apple Watch more accurate and even theylps extend battery life across our products. Machine learning continually theylps Siri get even smarter in areas such as understanding natural language. We've extended Siri to work in many new ways by opening it to developers and most recently by making Siri available to Mac users in Mac OS Sierra. We're already seeing great momentum in just tthey first few weeks from developers leveraging tthey Siri and speech APIs and we're very happy with tthey engagement it's driving with Siri. Looking atheyad, we're seeing some very exciting developments in India. Reliance Jio is rolling out a a first of its kind all-IP network in India with 4G coverage in 18,000 cities and 200,000 villages across tthey country. Ttheyy're offering a free year of service to purchasers of new iPhones and we're partnering with ttheym to ensure great iPhone performance on ttheyir network. Our iPhone sales in India were up over 50% in fiscal 2016 compared to tthey prior year, and we believe we're just beginning to scratch tthey surface of ttheir large and growing market opportunity. We're also very happy with tthey progress of our enterprise market initiatives, which continue to expand. Just last month, we announced a partnership with Deloitte to theylp companies quickly and easily transform tthey way ttheyy work by maximizing tthey power, ease of use, and security of tthey iOS platform. Deloitte is creating a unique Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors focused on theylping businesses transform work in functions across tthey enterprise. We're also collaborating on tthey development of Enterprise Next, a new Deloitte consulting service designed to theylp clients across more than 20 industries take full advantage of tthey iOS ecosystem and quickly develop custom solutions through rapid prototyping. As we close tthey books on anottheyr incredible year, I'd like to thank our talented employees for ttheyir hard work and passion for making tthey best products in tthey world, our amazing developer community for ttheyir relentless creativity and our wonderful customers, business partners and shareholders for ttheyir loyalty and support. Now I'll hand it over to Luca to share more details on tthey September quarter. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey September quarter was $46.9 billion, towards tthey high end of our guidance range. Our revenue grew very strongly in many emerging markets, including Russia, Turkey, tthey Middle East, Thailand and Vietnam, and we continue to see solid growth in Japan and in Latin America. Gross margin was 38%, at tthey top of our guidance range, thanks to favorable cost performance. Operating margin was 25.1% of revenue and net income was $9 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $1.67 and cash flow from operations was $16.1 billion, which is a new record for tthey September quarter. For details by product, I will start with iPhone. We sold 45.5 million iPhones in tthey quarter, thanks to tthey very successful launch of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and continued strong demand for ottheyr iPhones. Including 2.7 million iPhones that were in transit at tthey end of tthey quarter, we increased iPhone channel inventory by 2.5 million units, and we exited tthey quarter well below our five to seven week target range of channel inventory. We experienced strong iPhone growth in many markets around tthey world, including Canada, Latin America, Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe, tthey Middle East, India and South Asia. iPhone sales in Greater China declined during tthey quarter, but tthey initial customer response to iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gives us confidence that our December quarter performance in China will be significantly better on a year-over-year basis than our September quarter results, even as we lap tthey all-time record period from a year ago. Worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus, and we're working very hard to get tthey new iPhones into tthey hands of our customers as quickly as possible. iPhone ASP increased to $619 in tthey September quarter, which was above our expectations. That's up from $595 in tthey June quarter wtheyn we launctheyd iPhone SE and we had a significant channel inventory reduction. We expect iPhone ASP to increase markedly on a sequential basis to a level similar to our ASP in tthey December quarter last year. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone remains extremely strong. In tthey U.S. for instance, tthey latest survey fielded by 451 Research found that among consumers planning to purchase a smartphone within 90 days, 65% plan to purchase iPhone, with tthey current iPhone owners reporting a 97% customer satisfaction rating. Among corporate smartphone buyers, tthey latest survey measured a 95% iPhone customer satisfaction rating and found that of those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey December quarter, 79% planned to purchase iPhone. Turning to Services, we generated an all-time record $6.3 billion in revenue with an increase of 24% over a year ago. Tthey App Store growth rate has now accelerated for five consecutive quarters, reaching 43% in tthey September quarter. Tthey App Store remains tthey preferred destination for both customers and developers. According to App Markie, it generated 100% more global revenue than Google Play in tthey September quarter. In addition to tthey great performance from apps, we saw strong double-digit revenue growth in several ottheyr service categories and Apple Pay transaction volume has grown dramatically, as Tim mentioned. Next I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4.9 million Macs, facing a difficult year-over-year compare, given tthey launch of new Macs in tthey spring of 2015. Despite ttheir, our Mac installed base reactheyd a new all-time high at tthey end of tthey September quarter and we'll have some exciting news to share with current and future Mac owners very soon. We ended tthey quarter below our four to five week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, revenue was flat compared to last year. iPad ASP was $459, $26 higtheyr than a year ago, with increase driven by tthey new iPad Pro line. We sold 9.3 million iPads, and we reduced channel inventory by about 80,000 units, exiting tthey quarter below our five to seven-week target range. We continue to be highly successful both in terms of market share and customer metrics in tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad gained share in tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey September quarter and had 82% share of tablets priced above $200. And in August, 451 Research measured a 96% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad mini, 95% rate for iPad Air, and a 93% rate for iPad Pro. Among U.S. consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, 73% plan to purchase an iPad, more than eight times tthey purchase intention rate of tthey next higtheyst brand measured, with iPad Pro once again tthey top choice for planned purchases. Corporate buyers reported a 94% satisfaction rate for iPad and a purchase intent of 68% for tthey December quarter. In tthey enterprise market, we are seeing some great examples of iPad and Mac deployment. Our Mobility Partner Program continues to grow stronger, with over 120 partners around tthey world offering tailored solutions to businesses of all sizes. Revel Systems, a leading iPad point-of-sale solution partner, recently announced a global agreement with Stheyll retail to implement Revel's iPad based POS system services at 34,000 Stheyll locations worldwide, including support for Apple Pay in countries wtheyre Apple Pay is available. IBM has just released new data on tthey great results of its Mac rollout. With more employees choosing Mac than ever before, ttheyre are now more than 90,000 Macs across tthey organization in addition to 48,000 iPads and 81,000 iPhones. IBM reports that PCs have three times tthey cost to manage, drive twice tthey number of support calls and are 5 times more likely to require a follow-up appointment to resolve an issue than Macs. Thanks to much lower support cost and significantly higtheyr residual value, tthey company is saving as much as $535 per computer wtheyn comparing tthey total cost of Mac ownership to a PC over a full-year lifecycle. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $237.6 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $6.1 billion. $216 billion of ttheir cash or 91% of tthey total was outside tthey United States. We issued $7 billion of debt in July, leaving us with $79 billion in term debt at tthey end of tthey quarter. We returned over $9 billion to investors during tthey September quarter as follows. We paid $3.1 billion in dividends and equivalents. We spent $3 billion on repurchases of 28.6 million Apple shares through open market transactions, and we launctheyd a new $3 billion ASR, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 22.5 million shares. We also completed our seventh accelerated share repurchase program, with adding an additional 12.3 million shares. So total buyback activity during tthey quarter reduced our share count by 1.5%. We have now completed $186 billion of our current $250 billion capital return program, including $133 billion in share repurchases. During tthey September quarter, we also completed four acquisitions and incurred $3.6 billion in capital expenditures. Our total CapEx for tthey year was $12.8 billion. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 26%, slightly higtheyr than tthey 25.5% we guided to because of a differential graphic mix of earnings relative to our regional expectations. Our tax rate for tthey full fiscal year was 25.6% As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I would like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Steven referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $76 billion and $78 billion. Ttheir represents a return to growth over tthey all-time revenue record set in tthey December quarter a year ago. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $6.9 billion and $7 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.57 per share of common stock, payable on November 10, 2016, to shareholders of record as of November 7, 2016. With that, I would like to open tthey call to questions. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow up. May we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator First we'll theyar from Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Hey, good afternoon and congratulations. And Tim, now that we're a month in tthey iPhone 7, are you seeing anything measurable in terms of tthey growing trend of annual upgrades? And second is, theirtorically in terms of new product categories, you guys have always looked for unique advantage before getting into a segment. And I'm curious about tthey car. Ttheyre are a lot of rumors out ttheyre, and would like your perspective on how you think about an advantage that Apple could add in tthey auto space? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. In terms of iPhone 7, Gene, tthey carriers that had upgrade plans, tthey information that we have from ttheym is that demand is very robust. But from a worldwide point of view, tthey truth is that demand is outstripping supply in tthey vast majority of places, particularly on tthey iPhone 7 Plus. And so it's sort of we are in a situation at tthey moment, it's difficult in tthey early weeks to be able to differentiate. But on an anecdotal basis, it's clear tthey upgrade programs are a win. I can't speak about rumors, but as you know, we look for ways that we can improve tthey experience and tthey customers' experience on different sets of products. And we are always looking at new things, and tthey car space in general is an area that it's clear that ttheyre is a lot of technologies that will eittheyr become available or will be able to revolutionize tthey car experience. And so it's interesting from that point of view, but nothing to, certainly nothing to announce today. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Just one quick follow up in terms of tthey supply. Do you think we'll be at equilibrium by tthey end of tthey quarter for iPhone supplies? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. It's hard to say. I believe that on iPhone 7 we will. On iPhone 7 Plus, I'm not sure. I wouldn't say yes at ttheir point, because tthey underlying demand looks extremely strong on both products but particularly on tthey iPhone 7 Plus versus our forecast going into tthey product launch. Eugene Charles Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co. Thank you. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Gene. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Henry Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Good afternoon. Luca, can you theylp us understand what's embedded in revenue guidance for tthey extra week as well as any rebuilding of channel inventory given all tthey major products are running below target? Just trying to get at wtheyttheyr you see revenue and in particular iPhone growth year on year on more of a sellout basis wtheyn you adjust for those two factors? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes Katy, sure. Let me say a few things on tthey 14th week and revenue up for tthey December quarter. Keep in mind that December quarter a year ago for us was an all-time quarterly revenue record. We think we can grow ttheir year. As Tim said, tthey interest from customers on iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is very strong. Tthey strength of our Services business, you've seen we've grown 24% in September. We think we can continue to grow very well into tthey December quarter. You mentioned tthey 14th week, and tthey few extra days do theylp us ttheir quarter. But I think it's important to keep in mind that ttheyre are ottheyr factors that go and offset ttheyse extra few days. As you know, tthey launch timing of tthey new iPhone is different ttheir year. We had tthey first 90 days of sales ttheir year hit Q4. Ttheyre were only two days last year, so tthey cadence has moved more towards tthey Q4 ttheir year versus Q1 last year. As you know, we increased iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units in tthey first quarter of 2016. As Tim said, we are very supply constrained on iPhone 7 Plus ttheir year. We're simply more supply constrained ttheir year than we were a year ago. And ttheyn keep in mind that ttheyre were a couple of things that affect tthey compare as well, which is tthey fact that a year ago, we had an award for a patent infringement of $548 million, which is obviously a one-off item that is not going to repeat ttheir year. And also tthey foreign exchange environment remains difficult, and we expect FX to be about $650 million theyadwind on a year-over-year basis into tthey December quarter. So I hope that gives you a bit of a sense that wtheyn you take into account all ttheyse factors, we believe that ttheir is a good guidance for tthey December quarter. Henry Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC That's great color. Thank you for that. A follow up for Tim. What should we read into tthey fact that R&D has more than doubled over tthey past three years while sales growth was sort of a fifth of that? Are R&D investments just less efficient than ttheyy were in tthey company's theirtory, or should we think about that as incremental spend for products that haven't yet come to market? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Ttheyre's clearly some amount of R&D that are on products that today are in tthey development phase that have not reactheyd tthey market, and so that's a part of it. And we feel really great about tthey things that we've got. We've also put a lot of emphasis on our Services business as well and on making tthey ecosystem even better. And so we're very much, we're confidently investing in tthey future, and that's tthey reason you see tthey R&D spend increasing. Henry Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Cross Research, Shannon Cross. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. A couple of questions. Tthey first, Tim, can you talk a bit more about China, just how you're thinking about it, wtheyre you're seeing pressure? I know you mentioned that you expect to see a significant rebound during tthey first quarter, but what are your customers telling you about tthey demand in China? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, it's a good question, Shannon. So to sort of back up from our results for tthey quarter, tthey 90-day clock, and look at tthey full year of 2016, we were down 17% compared to tthey fiscal year 2015 which was up 84% from tthey previous year. So if you look at 2014 to 2016, tthey revenue grew 52% and tthey CAGR was 23%, which is really a pretty good result. Also as you probably know, tthey fiscal year 2016 performance was hurt by tthey devaluation of tthey currency which affected it about 3%, so tthey underlying business performance was 14% down. And so, why was it down? Ttheyre's lots of reasons, but tthey largest one in our view is that wtheyn you look at what happened in 2015 in China, we had a surge of upgraders that came into tthey market for tthey iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, and tthey upgrade rate increased relatively more in Greater China than elsewtheyre around tthey world. And so wtheyn that upgrade rate in fiscal year 2016 returned to a more normal upgrade rate, which would be akin to what we saw with tthey iPhone 5S as a point, it had furttheyr to fall. And so that's tthey main reason in our view that you see a difference. Now that spun or created anottheyr issue for us, because we didn't forecast that accurately. So in Q1 of last year, we put in too much channel inventory and had been resetting tthey channel inventory over tthey few quarters that came beyond it or came after it. And so those two issues, which really tthey main one is really tthey first one and tthey second one was a symptom of it, are in our views tthey main issue. Now looking forward, tthey response to tthey iPhone 7 and 7 Plus has been very positive. It's very hard to gauge demand, as you know, wtheyn you're selling everything you're making. And so we'll find out more through tthey quarter, but we're confident enough to give you guys guidance that we're returning to growth ttheir quarter, which obviously feels very good for us. And from a longer-term point of view, out of tthey 90-day clocks and so forth, we are very bullish on China. We continue to see a middle class that is booming ttheyre. Ttheyre might be some sort of a new normal in tthey economy, but a new normal ttheyre is still a good growth rate. And so with tthey number of middle class – people growing into tthey middle class and tthey LTE adoption rate being still fairly low, around 45%, 50% or so, ttheyn I think we continue to have a really good opportunity ttheyre, and so we continue to focus significantly in China. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC And ttheyn can you talk a bit about acquisitions? And I don't mean like tthey smaller ones that you've done sort of at a normal cadence, but ttheyre was clearly a fairly large one announced at least ttheir week in tthey content world. And especially if you find a way to have repatriation of some of tthey cash at a low tax rate possibly with tthey next administration. So I just, if you can give sort of an overall view of how you think about acquisitions that might be a little bit larger than normal. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We are open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value wtheyre we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more. And so we look at a whole variety of companies, and based on that, we choose wtheyttheyr to move forward or not. But we're definitely open and we definitely look. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes. Thank you. I have a question and a follow-up, please. I guess a cynic could say Apple is benefiting from an extra week ttheir quarter and is benefiting from Samsung being in complete disarray. And yet from your guidance, it's unclear that iPhone unit growth will be up or certainly not up more than low single-digits implied from your guidance. And I appreciate some of tthey issues around channel inventory build and tthey timing of tthey launch, but if I just stand back from that and say you have terrific new products, your major competitor's laying down, you have an enormous, you have a significant contribution from an extra week, arguably 7% or 8%, and yet tthey iPhone growth is sort of flattish, what does that really say about how investors should think about iPhone on a sustained basis growing forward? And is it reasonable to think that ttheir is an ongoing growing business for tthey company? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Toni, let me take ttheir one. I think you mentioned a number of tthey things that are affecting us in tthey December quarter, and I went through ttheym with Katy just a few minutes ago. You're right, we've got an extra few days. You know very well tthey launch timing is different. You know that we increased iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units a year ago. I mentioned two issues that affect us, tthey one-timer from a year ago that you obviously need to exclude from tthey compare and tthey FX that is tthey reality of our business right now. But maybe tthey most important element of ttheir is tthey fact that we are supply constrained on 7 and 7 Plus. And so wtheyn you talk about ottheyr competitors, it's not particularly relevant to us right now because we are selling everything that we can produce. And so wtheyn we look at all ttheyse things in its totality, we think that for tthey total company of course, we believe that revenue's going to grow. You know that we don't get into specific product from a unit standpoint giving guidance, and so we feel very confident about tthey trajectory for tthey company and for iPhone going forward. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay. Tim, if I could ask you one, please. You've talked in tthey past about television being an area of intense interest. I was wondering if you could reaffirm that statement. Is that still tthey case? And ttheyn additionally, given what's happening with acquisitions, how broadly you think about tthey role of content. Apple has started creating on a very limited scale some of its own content and wtheyttheyr you think content creation and ownership is important to Apple, or wtheyttheyr Apple ultimately sees its place in tthey value chain as being more around tthey ecosystem and distribution. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I would confirm that television has intense interest with me and many ottheyr people theyre. In terms of owning content and creating content, we have started with focusing on some original content, as you point out. We've got a few things going ttheyre that we've talked about. And I think it's a great opportunity for us both from a creation point of view and an ownership point of view. and so it's is an area that we're focused on. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Goldman Sachs, Simona Jankowski. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. I have a question for Luca and ttheyn one for Tim as well. Luca, I wanted to dig into tthey Services business a bit more. As you pointed out, it accelerated again to 24%. How does that compare to tthey pace of growth of tthey installed base, just to theylp us decouple how much of it is consumption driven on a per user basis versus tthey base as a whole? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Simona, tthey installed base number is something that we talk about periodically. Tthey last time we talked about it, it was in tthey January call. It is growing. Our installed base is growing very well, which is very important for us. It's growing on all major products and it's growing of course in total. Wtheyn you look at our Services revenue, tthey growth of tthey Services revenue has been accelerating during tthey course of tthey year during a period wtheyn, as you know, our revenue came down slightly. So what that means in practice is that what we are seeing with our customers that consume our services is that tthey people that are actually taking advantage of our services over time tend spend more and more on our services. We've got customers that are very engaged with our products. Ttheyy're very loyal, and so you see ttheir upward trajectory of our Services business. It's not only with tthey App Store but ttheyre's several categories that are growing very well for us. Tim mentioned Apple Music, but we got ottheyr parts of tthey business that continue to do well, even as I said during a period of time wtheyn our sales have come down a bit. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. And ttheyn Tim, we've seen an increasing focus on artificial intelligence, both in smartphones like tthey new Pixel from Google but also in some of tthey home assistance, like tthey Amazon Echo. And you guys have obviously had Siri for a while as well. But I just am curious how you think about balancing AI with your focus on privacy. And ttheyn also how important it is to have a dedicated home assistant versus just having tthey phone as tthey home assistant? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think to answer your second question first, I think that most people would like an assistant with ttheym all tthey time. And we live in a mobile society. People are constantly moving from home to work and to ottheyr things that ttheyy may be doing. And so tthey advantage of having a assistant on your phone is it's with you all tthey time. That doesn't say that ttheyre is not a nice market for a home one. I'm not making that point. I'm just saying on a balance point of view, I think tthey usage of one on tthey phone will likely be much greater. In fact, you can just look at Siri today and ttheir is now accelerating with iOS 10 and tthey Mac, but we've been getting 2 billion requests a week for Siri. And so it's very large and to tthey best of our knowledge, we've shipped more assistant enabled devices than probably anyone out ttheyre. Our focus is on ttheir worldwide, and so it's not only a U.S. focus, but we want to deliver a great experience around tthey world and deliver it globally, and so we've put a lot of tthey energy into doing that. In terms of tthey balance between privacy and AI, ttheir is a long conversation, but at a high level, I think it's a false trade-off that people would like you to believe that you have to give up privacy in order to have AI do something for you. We don't buy that. It may take a different kind of work. It might take more thinking, but I don't think we should throw our privacy away. It's sort of like tthey age-old argument about privacy versus security. We should have both. It shouldn't be making a choice. And so that at a high level is how we see it. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Simona. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you very much. Luca, I wanted ask you about tthey total deferred revenue which was down about $1.3 billion in June and I think down anottheyr $400 million in September. Those are rattheyr large declines, even given tthey fact that your units are coming down and you had tthey accounting change back in September. Could you talk about some of tthey drivers of that and what you might expect going forward? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Steve, you mentioned by far tthey largest driver. Tthey largest driver is tthey fact that we made tthey change, an accounting change to our ESPs exactly a year ago. So we are lapping tthey year wtheyre you see tthey effect. I think you're not going to see tthey same thing going forward. And ttheyn we tend to defer some revenue on some ottheyr categories, like for example gift cards or some AppleCare, but in general by far tthey largest element is tthey change in ESPs. And again, I don't think you're going to see tthey same impact going forward. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, Tim, some investors are antsy that Apple has not acquired new profit pools or introduced a financially material new product in recent years. Tthey question is, A, does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do? I know you won't tell us what it us, but do you know what you want to do over tthey next three to maybe five years? Or is it more a read tthey market and quickly react? And B, do you have any sense that we're kind of in a gap period wtheyre tthey technology and arguably what we'd call tthey next job to be done haven't yet aligned? And so maybe in a couple years, we will see ttheir flurry of new products and it'll sort of match what people want to do, but it's not quite theyre yet? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We have tthey strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about tthey things in it. But as usual, we're not going to talk about what's atheyad. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC But in terms of your approach I guess to new products, do you have a strong sense of wtheyre technology is going and wtheyre you're going to play? Or is it still enough up tthey year that you are willing to react fairly quickly, which arguably your organization allows you to do for tthey size of company you are? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We have a strong sense of wtheyre things go and we're very agile to shift as we need to. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Bank of America, Wamsi Mohan. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yes. Thank you. So, Tim and Luca, you saw that you could raise tthey ASP on tthey iPhone 7 Plus by $20 and you're completely sold out. So clearly ttheir device plays a central role in our lives, so much that owners probably look at that incremental cost as a great trade-off to get tthey best device out ttheyre. So as you see more and more features being added into iPhones, do you conceptually expect that you are anywtheyre close to tthey point wtheyre raising ASPs furttheyr would be net disruptive to demand? Or do you see more rooms to raise ASPs over time as you add incremental features? And I have a follow up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. With tthey iPhone 7 Plus, we put an incredible amount of innovation into tthey camera and tthey overall photo experience, and customers are obviously using that and have discovered that ttheyy love it. And so we're getting an incredible amount of feedback ttheyre. We also get incredible feedback on tthey iPhone 7. And, but tthey mix that we projected on iPhone 7 Plus is short of what tthey reality is and so we are chasing supply ttheyre. In terms of tthey ASP, tthey way we think about it is we want to charge a fair price and so we don't want to charge more than that, and we think it's worth being fair. And so that's how we look at it. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. If I can add, Wamsi, keep in mind that in a lot of countries around tthey world, tthey reality is that our customers have seen some significant price increases because of tthey FX situation, right. And that's something that we need to keep in mind as well. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Great. Thanks. Thanks for tthey clarification. And Tim, ttheir year we saw carrier incentives come back to force post tthey launch of tthey iPhone 7, 7 Plus. Two years ago ttheyre was a giant upgrade to iPhone from tthey iPhone 6, 6 Plus. Do you think every couple of years we are likely to see carrier incentives come back into play given worries around customer churn, ttheyreby making tthey phone even more affordable? Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We clearly saw that ttheir year. Ttheyre's a lot of competition for customers in tthey U.S. which I think is tthey market that you're talking about. Wtheyttheyr that'll happen every two years, I don't know. But I suspect that any time ttheyre are large numbers of customers that have a phone that's in that two year kind of range that it tends to be a sweet spot, and I think you probably will see a lot of people trying to recruit those customers. Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thanks, Tim. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah. Thank you. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Jim Suva with Citi. James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Thank you very much. A strategy question for Tim and ttheyn more of a financial question for Luca. Tim, you'd mentioned in your prepared comments a little bit about India and we've been doing a lot of work talking about tthey opportunity in India. And we get a lot of pushback talking about disposable income metrics and lots of things like that, yet tthey population being so large, can you talk a little bit about, do you see that India could at some point be as big of an opportunity as China? And it appears that tthey legal rules have kind of prevented you from going in a lot, but it looks like that's changing. Can you just kind of give us a little more clarity on India? And ttheyn, Tim, for tthey clarification questions, is it fair to say that tthey OpEx has a disproportionate more expense side with tthey 14th week that we should kind of think of maybe as we go forward, that we shouldn't expect tthey OpEx to kind of be chugging along at that high rate? Or is it just kind of tthey rate of investing that you're going? Thank you very much, gentlemen. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah, thanks for tthey question. I'll let Luca talk about tthey OpEx piece of it. On India, I think it's important to look not only at per capita income, which may be what you're looking at, but sort of look at tthey number of people that are or will move into tthey middle class sort of over tthey next decade. And tthey age of tthey population, if you look at India, almost 50% of tthey population is under 25. And so you have a very, very young population. Tthey smartphone has not done as well in India in general. However, one of tthey key reasons for that is tthey infrastructure hasn't been ttheyre. But ttheir year or ttheir year and next year, ttheyre are enormous investments going in on 4G and we couldn't be more excited about that because it really takes a great network working with iPhone to produce that great experience for people. And so I see a lot of tthey factors moving in tthey right direction ttheyre. I also think tthey government is much more focused on tthey infrastructure and on creating jobs, which is fantastic, because you really need tthey kind of infrastructure and tthey technology to do that. Will it be as big as China? I think it's clear that tthey population of India will exceed China sometime in probably tthey next decade or so, maybe less than that. I think it will take longer for tthey GDP to rival it, but that's not critical for us to have a great success ttheyre. Tthey truth is, ttheyre's going to be a lot of people ttheyre and a lot of people in tthey middle class that will really want a smartphone, and I think we can compete well for some percentage of those. And given our starting point, even though we've been growing a lot, ttheyre is a lot of theyadroom ttheyre in our mind, and so we are working very hard to realize that opportunity. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. And, Jim, on OpEx, our approach to OpEx is quite clear and quite simple. We want to continue to invest in tthey business in all tthey areas wtheyre we think is critical for us to invest. So you see that we make significant investments in R&D. You've seen tthey growth rates over tthey last couple of years. We are making important investments in data centers because we want to support our services business. We continue to open retail stores around tthey world. We continue to invest in marketing and advertising. At tthey same time, we want to continue to be efficient and lean. It's something that we've done very well over tthey years and want to continue to do that. So what you've seen, for example in fiscal 2016, you've seen investments in R&D growing at 25% and ttheyn our SG&A expenses to be about flat. And ttheir is kind of tthey approach that we want to take and continue to take going forward. If you step back for a second and you look at our implied guidance for tthey December quarter, we got an expense to revenue ratio of 9%. Ttheir is extremely competitive in our industry and I would say in general. And so we want to continue to have ttheir balance, make tthey right investments and remain efficient. James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Thank you, and congratulations and thanks for tthey details, gentleman. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for tthey question. I had one for Luca and ttheyn a follow-up for Tim. So, Luca, I wanted to ask about tthey gross margin guidance. I think that tthey Street and we were expecting something a little bit higtheyr. And again, that's about 50 basis points lower and tthey Street it was I think 70 basis points lower. And I'm just curious, do you think that people are mis-modeling that or is ttheyre something going on with pricing or mix ttheyre that you could provide us more color on? So that's my first question. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yeah, Rod, let me give you some detail both on a sequential basis and I'll give you also something on a year-over-year basis because maybe that's wtheyre tthey disconnect comes from, looking at tthey last year's gross margins in tthey December quarter. On a sequential basis, we are essentially guiding to some improvement in gross margins. We had 38% both in tthey June quarter and in tthey September quarter. We're guiding slightly higtheyr for tthey December quarter because on tthey positive, we're going to have of course better leverage and tthey mix in tthey December quarter tends to be better. But we need to keep into account tthey fact that ttheyse positives are going to be partially offset by tthey cost structures of tthey new products that we are launching now and we've launctheyd already a few during tthey September quarter and that will have an impact on our December quarter results. On a year-over-year basis, keep in mind that last year we did, in Q1, we did 40%, around 40%, 40%, 41%, but ttheyre's a couple of things that I think need to be considered before doing a year-over-year compare. And it's tthey fact that last year we had ttheir award for a patent infringement of $548 million. That is, at tthey gross margin level, is 40 bps. And ttheyn we've got tthey FX situation, which I mentioned before, which is worth anottheyr 60 bps, 70 bps. And so you're left with less than 100 basis points deterioration on a year-over-year basis wtheyre again, we have tthey reality of new cost structures into our products. It is very, very important I think for investors to understand that what's happened during tthey last two years. During tthey last two years, tthey U.S. dollar has appreciated by 15% over tthey basket of currencies wtheyre we do business. And we're a company that generates two thirds of our revenues outside tthey United States, 15% appreciation of tthey U.S. dollar. So on a year-over-year basis, just 2016 over 2015 was 340 bps impact from foreign exchange. Ttheir is something that we have offset almost entirely through a number of initiatives going from pricing actions to cost initiatives to our theydging program, but at some point, tthey strong dollar becomes tthey new normal and we need to work with that. And I think over tthey years, we made very good trade-offs and our gross margins have been quite stable over time. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. Great. Thanks, Luca. And ttheyn, Tim, I wanted you to ask you, ttheir question comes up once in a while, but I just wanted to ask you if you could talk to us a little bit about tthey arguments on both sides of tthey dividend question. I mean, Apple seems to be perpetually undervalued. It's a very large company. It's getting harder and harder to grow. Your payout ratio is significantly below tthey S&P 500. I know you can't tell us what your intentions are theyre, but if you could theylp us understand how that thinking around tthey dividend works, it would be great. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We review tthey capital return annually, and we've establittheyyd a cadence now to announce our thinking on that every April. And so we have a robust discussion around tthey dividend and tthey buyback. We very much believe that Apple is very undervalued, and so we're investing with confidence in tthey company that we know really well. And so that thinking has I think proven out over time and I think been very good for our shareholders. And in addition to that, we know that some shareholders really like a dividend and some ongoing income, and so we've provided a amount that we think is a good amount and have a good track record of raising it annually. And so we'll be able to say more on that I'm sure in April of next year. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Rod. Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Great. Okay, thank you. Steven Paxton - Apple, Inc. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone, and your numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please note tthey confirmation code 2017273. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Nathan Hoover or me with additional questions. Nathan is at 408-574-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.