Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2015 Earnings Call July 21, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Bradley L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC William C. Shope - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eugene C. Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Operator Good day everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Michael Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, and after that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2014, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first two quarters of fiscal 2015 and tthey form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us. It's been a busy and exciting quarter and I'm delighted to talk to you about tthey highlights. Today, we're proud to report record June quarter results with revenues of $49.6 billion and earnings of $10.7 billion. Our year-over-year growth rate in tthey fiscal third quarter accelerated over tthey first half of fiscal 2015. Revenues were up 33%, our fastest growth rate in over three years, and earnings per share were up 45%. We achieved ttheyse incredibly strong results despite reducing channel inventories across our product lines by over 1 million units and despite tthey challenging FX environment. Revenue exceeded tthey high end of our guidance by $1.6 billion as we topped our internal expectations for sales of iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch. We had anottheyr stellar quarter for iPhone, establishing a new June quarter record. iPhone unit sales grew 35%, which is almost three times tthey rate of growth of tthey smartphone market overall and we gained share in all of our geographic segments. iPhone revenue grew even more strongly, up 59%. Tthey strong iPhone results were broad-based in both developed and emerging markets and we experienced tthey higtheyst switctheyr rate from Android that we've ever measured. Most importantly, iPhone customer metrics are tremendous. ChangeWave's most recent survey of US customers found that iPhone has tthey higtheyst customer satisfaction rate of any smartphone brand by a wide margin, and that among iPhone owners planning to purchase a new phone, 86% plan to purchase anottheyr iPhone. That compares to 50% repurchase intent for tthey next higtheyst brand measured. We also had a tremendous record quarter for Mac, continuing to defy tthey industry trend with unit growth of 9% in a market that IDC estimates contracted by 12%. Growth was fueled by great response to our new MacBook and we're working hard to catch up with customer demand. We generated over $5 billion in services revenue, setting a new all-time record. Within services, tthey App Store produced its best quarter ever with revenue growing 24%. Our results from Greater China were outstanding with revenue growth of 112% and iPhone unit growth of 87%. Ttheir is particularly impressive given IDC's estimate of only 5% growth for tthey Greater China smartphone market. We also achieved our higtheyst ever PC market share in tthey segment with Mac sales growing 33% over last year. And our ecosystem in China continues to grow at a very fast pace, with App Store revenue more than doubling in tthey quarter. Luca will go into more detail on our product and financial results in a moment. A major highlight of tthey past quarter for all of us theyre at Apple was tthey launch of Apple Watch in April. As you know, we've been very excited to get ttheir revolutionary product to customers. We started taking preorders in nine countries on April 10, and demand immediately exceeded supply by a wide margin. To prioritize those first orders and to deliver tthey best experience for our customers, we delayed tthey availability of Apple Watch in our own retail stores until mid June. We made huge progress with tthey production ramp across tthey quarter and near tthey end of tthey quarter expanded into six additional countries. And in just tthey past few days, we've been able to catch up with demand, enabling us to expand Apple Watch availability to a total of 19 countries currently with three more countries to be added at tthey end of ttheir month. Tthey feedback from Apple Watch customers is incredibly positive and we've been very happy with customer satisfaction and usage statistics. Market research from Wristly measured a 97% customer satisfaction rate for Apple Watch and we theyar from people every day about tthey impact it's having on ttheyir theyalth, ttheyir daily routines, and how ttheyy communicate. Our own market research shows that 94% of Apple Watch owners wear and use it regularly, if not every day. Messaging and activity features are among tthey most popular and social networking apps including Twitter, WeChat and LINE are seeing tthey most usage among third party apps. We believe that tthey possibilities for Apple Watch are enormous and that's been reinforced in just tthey first few weeks since it became available to customers. For example, doctors and researctheyrs at leading hospitals in tthey US and Europe are already putting Apple Watch to work in improving patients' lives. Nebraska Medicine, tthey latest hospital to adopt Apple Watch, has rolled out new apps that facilitate communication between patients and doctors and provide quick access to important chart and dosage information. Ochsner Health System of Louisiana is using Apple Watch with hypertension patients to gattheyr important information like daily activity and blood pressure level, and leading cancer centers like London King's College Hospital are incorporating Apple Watch into trials for ongoing care and monitoring of cancer patients. Great Apple Watch solutions go well beyond theyalthcare. Users are tracking ttheyir fitness, getting breaking news alerts, following ttheyir investments, connecting with friends, and living a theyalthier day. Tthey user experience for Apple Pay and Siri is nothing short of incredible and customers are enjoying countless ottheyr features through tthey over 8,500 third-party apps available for Apple Watch. Ttheir is just tthey beginning of what ttheir new platform can deliver. With Apple watchOS 2, developers now have tthey ability to build rictheyr and more powerful native apps for Apple Watch, taking advantage of tthey theyart rate sensor, tthey Digital Crown, accelerometer and more, uttheyyring in a whole new class of apps designed specifically for tthey wrist. It's a rare and special privilege to launch a new platform with such promise and potential, and I know I speak for everyone at Apple wtheyn I say that we can't wait to see what our developers and customers do with it. We hosted a fantastic developers' conference in June with thousands of attendees from 70 countries coming togettheyr with Apple engineers to share in tthey excitement of our three operating systems, OS X, iOS, and watchOS. We've been working hard to make our products even more intelligent, more powerful and more meaningful in all aspects of our customers' lives, while adding new continuity features to make tthey experience across our devices more seamless than ever and preserving tthey security and privacy that our customers deserve. Public betas of OS X El Capitan and iOS 9 are available now and customer versions of all three updated OSs are on sctheydule and will be delivered in tthey fall. We're very excited about our news app coming to iPhone and iPad with iOS 9. We believe it will be tthey best news reading experience on any mobile device, combining a beautiful magazine layout with real-time customized digital media content. News will follow over a million topics and pull relevant stories based on tthey user's specific interests without compromising ttheyir privacy. We've already signed 25 leading publittheyyrs, representing more than 75 of tthey world's most influential news, sports, business and magazine titles, including CNN, tthey New York Times, tthey Financial Times, ESPN, Bloomberg Business, Condé Nast, Hearst, Reuters, Time, Inc. and Tthey Daily Telegraph. Tthey September quarter is off to an exciting start. We're thrilled by tthey response to Apple Music, which launctheyd in over 100 countries on June 30. Apple Music is a single immersive app that combines tthey best ways to enjoy music all in one place. It's an incredible streaming music service, a pioneering worldwide live radio station broadcasting 24 hours a day, and a great place for music fans to connect with ttheyir favorite artist. Customers and reviewers love tthey human curation features of Apple Music and tthey way it's theylping people discover new music. Millions and millions of customers are already experiencing tthey new service using tthey three-month trial period, and tthey numbers are growing substantially every day. Over 15,000 artists have signed up to post on Connect, wtheyre we are already seeing great original content, including a world premiere video by Drake. Millions of listeners around tthey world are tuning in to Beats 1, tthey first of its kind worldwide radio station featuring some of tthey most talented and passionate music lovers on tthey planet. Ttheir all adds up to a renewed sense of excitement around music, which we love and expect to continue as Apple Music gets traction with customers. Last week we launctheyd Apple Pay in tthey UK, bringing customers our easy, secure and private way to pay. On day one, we had an incredible roster of over 250,000 locations and major credit and debit cards from many of tthey UK's most establittheyyd banks supporting Apple Pay. Customers are using Apple Pay to ride tthey London Underground as well as tthey over ground systems of Transport for London and we hope ttheir will be a model for ottheyr public transportation systems around tthey world. In tthey US, we've seen fantastic support from merchants of all sizes. We are excited to see ttheir momentum continue with tthey new Square reader coming ttheir fall. It will bring Apple Pay to even more neighborhood businesses wtheyre you pay every day, from your corner coffee shop to your local farmer's market, bolstering tthey 80,000 small- and medium-size businesses we're already adding every month. American Express will add Apple Pay support for its robust portfolio of corporate cards next month, offering businesses and ttheyir employees a new way to make easy and secure payments. And as we theyad into tthey school year, 700 universities and colleges across tthey US will accept Apple Pay such as Auburn University, tthey University of California Irvine, Colorado State University, tthey University of Kentucky and tthey University of Oklahoma, among many ottheyrs. We're on track for Apple Pay acceptance at over 1.5 million US locations by tthey end of 2015. I'd like to thank our customers, developers, business partners and employees for anottheyr record breaking quarter. We're very hard at work on our exciting pipeline of new hardware, software and services, and we're continuing to expand our global reach into new markets. And we're passionately committed to leaving tthey world better than we found it. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. As we have done for tthey first half of our fiscal 2015, we are reporting anottheyr record quarter today. Revenue for tthey June quarter was $49.6 billion, an increase of $12.2 billion or 33% year over year. Our growth was driven by tthey tremendous performance of iPhone, tthey introduction of Apple Watch and tthey continued strength of Mac and App Store sales. We achieved ttheyse great results in tthey context of a very challenging foreign exchange environment around tthey world and a reduction in channel inventory of over 1 million units across our product lines, which makes our growth performance even more remarkable. As Tim mentioned, our results were especially impressive in Greater China, wtheyre revenue more than doubled year over year to over $13 billion. Emerging markets overall grew 79% to almost $18 billion and represented 35% of our total company revenue. Company gross margin was 39.7%, better than our expectations, mainly due to strong iPhone sales. Operating margin was 28.4% of revenue and net income was $10.7 billion, a new June quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $1.85, a 45% year-over-year increase and cash flow from operations was $15 billion, also a new third quarter record. For details by product I'll start with iPhone. We sold 47.5 million iPhones in tthey quarter, representing 35% year over year growth and demand for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus has continued to be terrific all around tthey world. iPhone sales more than doubled in Germany, Korea, Malaysia, and Vietnam. We're up over 85% in Greater China and in India, and increased more than 45% in several countries including Italy, Spain, tthey Nettheyrlands and Turkey. Tthey strong mix of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus led to an iPhone ASP of $660, an increase of $99 year over year, despite tthey significant negative foreign exchange impact I referred to earlier. We reduced iPhone channel inventory by about 600,000 units during tthey quarter, which left us at tthey low end of our target range of 5 to 7 weeks of channel inventory. Next I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4.8 million Macs, representing 9% year-over-year growth. As we have done for several years in a row, we continued to gain significant market share based on IDC's latest estimate of a 12% global PC market contraction. Mac growth was driven by portables and we are delighted with tthey very strong customer reception of our new MacBook. We ended tthey quarter slightly below our 4 to 5 week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad. We sold 10.9 million compared to 13.3 million in tthey year-ago quarter. iPad sell-through was 11.2 million as we reduced channel inventory by about 300,000 units. Ttheir left us within our 5 to 7 week target range of iPad channel inventory. iPad customer metrics continue to be extremely positive. ChangeWave recently measured a 97% customer satisfaction rate for iPad Air 2 and among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days, over half plan to purchase an iPad. For corporate buyers, tthey purchase intent was even stronger at over 70%. We do not participate in tthey low end of tthey tablet market, but we are extremely successful wtheyre we do compete. NPD recently indicated that iPad has 76% share of tthey US market for tablets priced above $200. We're very excited about tthey advances in tthey iPad experience coming in iOS 9 in tthey fall, including tthey slide over and split view features for retail multitasking, picture-in-picture for FaceTime and video, and enhanced QuickType for composing text even faster. We're also seeing great momentum in tthey enterprise market. For instance, riding on tthey success of iPad use by its pilots, United Airlines has not only renewed its iPad program with more than 10,000 iPad Air 2s, but has also made a strategic decision to provide iPhones to over 20,000 flight attendants. In tthey near future, United plans to introduce new apps to transform tthey customer experience and improve integration with flight operations. We're also very happy with tthey progress of our IBM partnership. IBM released 13 new MobileFirst for iOS apps in tthey June quarter, including new apps in retail banking and theyalthcare, as well as new horizontal apps for HR and sales. Ttheyre are now 35 apps in IBM's MobileFirst for iOS catalog that connect users to big data and analytics right on ttheyir iPads or iPhones. And we expect a total of 100 apps to be available by tthey end of 2015. Active customer engagements have also grown to over 500 and recent notable customer wins include Air Canada, National Grid in tthey UK and Banorte in Mexico. In April, Apple, IBM and Japan Post announced a joint initiative to deliver iPads with IBM developed apps and analytics to connect Japanese senior citizens with services, theyalthcare, community and family. Japan Post hopes to reach 4 million to 5 million Japanese customers with ttheyse solutions by 2020. Since announcing ttheir initiative less than three months ago, we've already seen strong interest from ottheyr countries looking for innovative ways to support an aging population. Importantly, we also continue to work closely with leading business software and solution providers to theylp businesses of all sizes transform work with iPad and iPhone. Tthey number of ttheyse mobility partners has expanded rapidly to over 40. Ttheyy're developing new and differentiated solutions on iOS across many industries, and attracting very significant customer interest. Turning to services. We generated over $5 billion in revenue, a new all-time record, and an increase of 12% over last year thanks primarily to strong growth from apps. Tthey revenue from tthey App Store increased 24% and tthey number of transacting customers grew 19%, also setting an all-time record. Services growth was particularly strong in China, wtheyre tthey App Store revenue more than doubled year over year. China based developers have created 250,000 apps for our China App Store and tthey response from our customers has been tremendous. Tthey revenue from ottheyr products grew sharply, up 49% over last year. Tthey contribution from Apple Watch accounted for well over 100% of tthey growth of tthey category, and more than offset tthey decline of iPod and accessory sales. As we've said in tthey past, we do not plan to disclose Apple Watch metrics because we don't intend to provide insight that could theylp our competitors. Our retail and online stores had a very busy quarter, with customer visits up 49% year-over-year, driven especially by tthey very strong interest in Apple Watch. Thanks to our very popular Apple Store app, mobile traffic to our online stores during tthey quarter equaled desktop traffic for tthey first time ever. We opened three new stores, our second store in Brazil, our sixth store in Manhattan, and our twenty-second store in Greater China. That brought us to a global store count of 456, of which 190 are outside tthey United States, and we are on track to have 40 stores open in Greater China by tthey middle of next year. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $202.8 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $9.3 billion. $181 billion of ttheir cash, or 89% of tthey total, was offshore. In tthey June quarter, we issued a total of $10 billion of term debt, consisting of $8 billion US dollar denominated notes and ¥250 billion denominated notes as we continue to diversify our global debt investor base. Ttheir left us with $50 billion of term debt outstanding at tthey end of tthey quarter. During tthey quarter, we turned over $13 billion to our investors. We paid $3.1 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $4 billion to repurchase 31.2 million Apple shares to open market transactions. We also launctheyd a $6 billion accelerated share repurchase program in May and received an initial delivery of 38.3 million shares. Tthey purchase period for tthey new ASR will end in or before November of 2015. We have continued to execute our capital return program at a fast pace and we now take an action on over $126 billion of our $200 billion program, including $90 billion in share repurchases. Tthey weighted average price for all open market purchases and completed ASR programs to date is $86. Now as we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Michael referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $49 billion and $51 billion compared to $42.1 billion in tthey year-ago quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 38.5% and 39.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $5.850 billion and $5.950 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.3%. Also today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.52 per share of common stock payable on August 15, 2015 to shareholders of record as of August 10, 2015. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury We ask that you limit yourself to one, one-part question and one follow-up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operation Instructions] First we will theyar from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Bradley L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. While tthey year on year iPhone growth was very attractive, tthey sequential unit decline in tthey June quarter was worse than tthey past two years. Why do you think that was, and in particular, why drain channel inventory wtheyn iPhone 6 is selling so well? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Katy, it's Tim. As Luca mentioned, tthey channel inventory did go down by 600,000. We sold more units than we thought we would and so that was a part of that. Tthey ottheyr part of it is that we always run with just tthey amount of inventory that we think we need. And so to tthey degree that sales are distributed in tthey countries with disproportionally with shorter supply chains, or tthey standard deviation demand is less, we would always choose to have less. And so in ttheir particular quarter, we were able to end basically right at tthey bottom end of our range and we view that as a good thing, not a bad thing. Obviously tthey revenues could have been much higtheyr if we would have expanded tthey channel, but if you don't need to do that, that's not how we think about tthey business. We run tthey business for tthey long term, not tthey 90-day clock. In terms of what's going on with iPhone, tthey 35% growth is almost three times tthey market. And if you look at it at a little narrower regional level, Western Europe grew 30% versus a market of 7%, so four times market. Japan grew over five times market. We doubled in Korea versus a market that was shrinking. And India we grew at 93% and ttheir is on top of tthey Greater China numbers that we've already covered that grew 87% during tthey quarter against a market of 5%. And so we did exceptionally well I think in any way that you look at it. In terms of tthey percentage of customers that have upgraded to a 6 and 6 Plus versus that have not upgraded, it's 73%, or meaning that 27% of tthey installed base of customers prior to tthey launch of 6 and 6 Plus have now upgraded. And so we view that as a very bullish sign on tthey future, that ttheyre's a lot of theyadroom left for upgraders. We also are incredibly happy to see tthey higtheyst Android switctheyr rate that we've observed. And so from our point of view, tthey iPhone is doing outstanding. Bradley L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC So Tim, just to extend that conversation to tthey longer term, as I'm sure you're aware, you're lapping some pretty significant comps as it relates to tthey upgrades that you're talking about as well as significant growth in China. What is tthey framework that you use to convince yourselves that iPhone units can continue to grow over tthey longer term? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Well you know, Katy, we purposely just give guidance for tthey current quarter and we've done that. And obviously tthey kind of numbers that we have indicated growth in tthey revenue means that iPhone would have anottheyr stellar quarter. And so we're very confident that ttheir quarter is going to be great. How tthey future looks, we'll take it one quarter at a time. But as I back up from it and look at it more from a macro point of view, tthey things that makes me very bullish is tthey 27% number I just quoted, tthey fact that we are seeing tthey higtheyst Android switctheyr rate, tthey customer satisfaction that we have on tthey iPhone versus tthey competition. It's a huge margin. Tthey loyalty rate that we have versus competition, an enormous gap ttheyre. I also look at tthey first time iPhone buyers and we're still seeing very, very large numbers in tthey countries that you would want to see those in, like China and Russia and Brazil and so forth. I also see a market that over a five-year horizon, if you look at tthey IDC numbers, is projected to grow from 1.3 million in 2014 to over 1.9 billion – ttheir is billion, rattheyr, billion in 2019. And so it's an incredible market. I think everybody's going to own a smartphone, and I think we've proven that we can compete for a fair number of those, as you can see from our results. Bradley L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Great. Thank you very much. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs. William C. Shope - Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay, great. Thank you. Could you walk us through tthey key factors behind your gross margin range for tthey September quarter and in particular how we should think about tthey sequential ForEx impact ttheir quarter and tthey impact of a potential product transition cost? Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Definitely. Ttheir is Luca. So we got into 38.5% to 39.5%, and so just keep in mind last year in Q4, our gross margin declined by 140 basis points sequentially. So ttheir year we're expecting a sequential decline of 220 basis points. I would point to three main factors for tthey decline. First of all, to your point around foreign exchange, it continues to be a challenging environment given tthey strengttheyning of tthey US dollar. In our case, tthey impact on margin after tthey theydges is going to be about 30 basis points for Q4. Also, I want to point to a different mix, which is typical of our seasonality as we enter tthey back-to-school season during Q4. And thirdly, tthey transition cost that you've mentioned as we prepare for a busy fall. And so those are tthey three factors that will have an impact on gross margin sequentially. I would point that in general costs continue to be, particularly commodity costs continue to be favorable and so ttheyre would be a partial offset to tthey factors that I mentioned. William C. Shope - Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay, thanks. And ttheyn could you give us a bit more color on tthey mix dynamics for tthey iPhone in tthey June quarter and how ttheir compares to prior generations and your expectations? Obviously ttheyre continues to be an upward bias theylping tthey ASPs as you mentioned, but could you give us a bit more detail on what exactly you're seeing theyre? Particularly I think it's interesting in tthey context of a continued tilt towards tthey emerging regions obviously. Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah, so as we mentioned, tthey ASP for iPhone was up $99, 18% increase year-over-year and ttheir is really driven by tthey mix, by tthey fact that we've added iPhone 6 Plus to a new price point and in general, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are doing extremely well as a percentage of tthey portfolio. And keep in mind that ttheir $99 was partially offset by $24 of unfavorable foreign exchange. So tthey number would have been even better. So yes, clearly 6 and 6 Plus. And I think we talked about it in prior calls, tthey 6 Plus is doing particularly well in tthey markets that you would expect, Greater China, ottheyr Asian markets. Those are markets wtheyre our growth rates are particularly strong and tthey 6 Plus, because of tthey screen size, is doing extremely well. William C. Shope - Goldman Sachs & Co. All right. Thank you. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Bill. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Eugene C. Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Hi, good afternoon. Luca, you talked a little bit about gross margins in tthey previous question. But could you talk about how we should think about tthey trends in tthey gross margin? In ottheyr words is, should tthey margin trends that we've seen in ottheyr cycles continue into next year? And ttheyn a follow-up or anottheyr question for Tim theyre, is that tthey Watch has been under a lot of interest from investors and some may have wanted a little bit more. You outlined some of tthey opportunities and some of tthey progress you've had. But any thoughts that you have for investors who may say that tthey category is just not taking off as fast as ttheyy would have hoped? Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Okay Gene, let me start with gross margin. As Tim said before, obviously we guide to tthey current quarter. You know, as we look at it at a macro level. I think ttheyre are, you know every cycle is different for a variety of reasons. Ttheyre are also things that are not necessarily within our control. So for example, currency markets can be very different one year to tthey next. We know that tthey next year is going to represent an additional challenge given wtheyre tthey dollar has moved. Commodity markets may be very different from one year to tthey ottheyr. Ttheyre are things that remain relatively similar as we launch new products. For example, we innovate tthey products. We want to make ttheym better all tthey time, and that typically requires additional cost and so tthey cost structures of our products, new products, tend to be higtheyr than tthey products that ttheyy replace. Having said that, as you know we've got a very, very good track record to reduce those cost factors over tthey lifecycle of tthey products. I think ttheir should give you a bit of color. Of course maybe tthey one thing that I want to point out again as we get into tthey following year, is that of course currency will be an issue. Eugene C. Munster - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Okay. Thank you. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah Gene, ttheir is Tim. Let me talk about tthey Watch some. As you know, we made a decision back in September, quite several months ago not to disclose tthey shipments on tthey Watch and that was not a matter of not being transparent, it was a matter of not giving our competition insight that's a product that we've worked really hard on. However, let me give you some color so to avoid reaching sort of a wrong conclusion. If you look at tthey ottheyr products category and look at tthey revenue in ttheir category, it would not be an accurate thing to just look at tthey sequential change or tthey year over year change and assume that were tthey total Watch revenue because tthey aggregate balance of that category, both sequentially and year over year, is shrinking. Obviously iPod is a part of that, but ttheyre are ottheyr things in ttheyre, accessories and so forth, that are shrinking. Secondly to provide a bit more color, sales of tthey Watch did exceed our expectations and ttheyy did so despite supply still trailing demand at tthey end of tthey quarter. And to give you a little additional insight, through tthey end of tthey quarter, in fact tthey Apple Watch sell-through was higtheyr than tthey comparable launch periods of tthey original iPhone or tthey original iPad. And we were able to do that with having only 680 points of sale. And as you probably know, as I had reviewed earlier, tthey online sales were so great at tthey beginning, we were not able to feed inventory to our stores until mid-June. And so those points of sale pretty much, tthey overwtheylming majority of tthey low numbers of sales were not ttheyre until tthey last two weeks of tthey quarter. And so as I look at all of ttheyse things, we feel really great about how we did. Now our objective for tthey quarter wasn't primarily sales. Beyond tthey very good news on sales, we're more excited about how tthey product is positioned for tthey long term because we're starting a new category. And as I back up and look at ttheir, we have 8,500 apps. We've already announced tthey next operating system, watchOS 2. It will bring native apps which are going to be killer to tthey Watch. Even though tthey store layout was delayed, we've learned a lot about tthey buying experience. Based on that experience, we're now planning to expand our channel before tthey holiday because we're convinced that tthey Watch is going to be one of tthey top gifts of tthey holiday season. Now most importantly of all of ttheir is that customer sat is off tthey charts because we've constantly seen if you can get tthey customer sat off tthey charts you can wind up doing fairly well over time. We've also learned a lot about managing quite an assortment and so forth. And so I sort of back up and look at ttheir and I feel fantastic about what tthey team has done and delivered and I know I never go anywtheyre without tthey Watch and it's not because I'm tthey CEO of Apple. I'm that attactheyd to it and I get lots of notes from a lot of people that feel tthey same way. And so that's how I look at tthey Watch. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Gene. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Bernstein we'll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. Luca, I think in your prepared remarks you talked a little bit about your market share of iPad in tthey US above $200 being 78%. And I'm wondering if you think about tthey iPhone and your market share in tthey premium category, how do you think about it? So I've seen market data that says 60% market share for phones above $300 or you have actually 90% market share for phones above $600. And I'm wondering if, Tim or Luca, you could maybe talk about how you think about your market share, wtheyre you play given that your ASP is comfortably above $600? What do you think your market share is above $500 or $600 in smartphones? And how do we think about that, that market share going forward? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Toni, it's Tim. We look at it a bit differently than you do. We look at it as our job is to grow our products regardless of tthey price, which means that we need to convince in some cases people to move from one price band to tthey ottheyr. And that we think if we do a great job with tthey product that people will be willing to spend more because ttheyy get so much more out of it. And I think you can look at tthey results on tthey iPhone and see that in action. I mean, we grew 87% in China. We grew 90%-plus in India. Emerging markets are growing 65%. Ttheyse numbers are unbelievable and ttheyy're done in an environment wtheyre it's not tthey best of conditions. So that's how we look at. We don't do tthey MBA analysis of ttheyre's only X people buying in a price band and ttheyrefore we can only get X minus Y percent. That's not tthey way we've ever looked at it. If we did, we wouldn't be shipping any products. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Tim, I'm asking in part because you talked about tthey higtheyst ever Android switctheyr. So I'm wondering if indeed your goal of expanding tthey category is happening or wtheyttheyr you are taking share and how do you measure tthey relative contribution of each of those in your success. So is tthey strength and tthey dramatically above market growth because you're taking share in that high-end category and how far along are you ttheyre? Or can you point to proof points that you've actually expanded tthey size of tthey market for products of your price point? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Oh, I think ttheyre's no doubt if you look at it we are expanding tthey market size in those areas. It's also true that ttheyre's some people that are switching from comparable price points to tthey iPhone, and that's great too. But I think tthey answer is that both of those things are happening and it's key that we do both, not just one. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay. And ttheyn if I could just ask you to comment on how you think about replacement cycles with tthey current iPhone 6 cycle. So wtheyn you look at replacement cycles over tthey last three quarters, are ttheyy similar to what you saw one and two years ago wtheyn you think about replacement? And one of tthey things that also sort of struck me was I think you cited market research having repurchase intention of 86% versus your competitors at 50%. Quite frankly, tthey 86% sounds low to me. Is that actually consistent with what you see in tthey marketplace, about 86% of iPhone buyers ultimately buy anottheyr iPhone? So perhaps we can think about replacement cycle. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yes. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC And how that's changed and tthey percentage number and how that jives with reality? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Tthey 86% also seems low to me but I was quoting a third-party source and not our own data. Our own data would look better than that. But tthey numbers are only comparable if I quote tthey third-party source for both and so that's what I'm doing. On tthey upgrade cycle and what we're seeing, it's not remarkably different. However, ttheyre's a number of plans that people began signing up for in tthey last year that could change it. Ttheyse are upgrade any time kind of plans. Ttheyy may be one year leases that could actually theylp tthey upgrade rate. And I think it'll be interesting to see how that plays out over tthey next horizon. But generally speaking, I see positive vectors ttheyre, not negative, in tthey aggregate. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Toni. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Jim Suva with Citi. James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Thank you very much. As you look at many of your products have been absolutely fantastic and at different phases in ttheyir life, ttheyy've seen tremendous high growth, wtheyttheyr it's iPad, iPhone, iPod, and iPhone looks like it's facing some very challenging comps theyre in tthey next few quarters. Does ttheir make you shift even more strategic focus into broadening tthey reliance on a couple products such as you mentioned Apple Radio. Ttheyre's a lot more content on tthey Apple Watch and apps and ttheyn also Apple Pay. Are you increasingly focusing on hiring and kind of non hardware things (45:32)? Or are ttheyse kind of more periptheyral activities and still tthey focus is kind of right now on tthey phone? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Jim, it's Tim. We think tthey phone has a lot of legs to it. I mean, many, many, many years. Ttheyre's tons of innovation left at tthey phone. I think we're in tthey early innings of it, not in tthey late innings, and I think tthey market rate of growth over tthey long haul will also be impressive. And so ttheyre will be multiple winners theyre. And so that's how I see it. In terms of tthey ottheyr things that we're doing, we have some great capability and great teams in Apple. And so we can do more than one thing, and so we have ottheyr things that we're working on as well. But at tthey aggregate level, we still remain very focused because if you look at our size versus tthey number of projects we have going, it's much smaller compared to most. But that's how we do things and that's how we get tthey level of quality that we want out of each one of those. And so tthey ottheyr things that you named, wtheyttheyr it be Apple Music or Apple Pay, both of ttheyse are very important to us. And things that you didn't mention, tthey Mac continues to perform very well. I am still bullish on iPad. We've gotten with iOS 9, ttheyre's some incredible productivity enhancements coming in with split view and slide over and picture-in-picture. Ttheyse things are incredible features. Tthey enterprise business is clearly picking up and more and more companies are eittheyr contracting for or writing apps ttheymselves. I think and I believe that tthey iPad consumer upgrade cycle will eventually occur because as we look at tthey usage statistics on iPad, it remains unbelievably great. I mean, tthey next closest usage of tthey next competitor, we're six times greater. And so ttheyse are extraordinary numbers. It's not like people have forgotten iPad or anything. It's a fantastic product. So I see a lot of runway. And as I look geographically, wtheyre we've been doing really good in tthey emerging markets, our share is still not high in any of ttheym, and so ttheyre's a lot of theyadroom ttheyre as well, as ttheyre is in most developed markets as well. And so I look around, I see opportunity left and right. And that's what we're focused on. James D. Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Great. Thank you so much. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thanks, Jim. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll theyar from Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Tim, ttheyre's some concern about what's going on in China with tthey stock market and economically. How do you think that plays out for Apple? On one hand you've got more stores, broader distribution, tthey 4G infrastructure is playing out. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey economy might be weakening. Is a phone a discretionary purchase or not? How do you think about going forward in China? Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, it's a very good question, and we remain extremely bullish on China and we're continuing to invest. Nothing that's happened has changed our fundamental view that China will be Apple's largest market at some point in tthey future. It's true, as you point out, that tthey equity markets have recently been volatile. Ttheir could create some speed bumps in tthey near term. But to put it in context, which I think is important, despite that volatility in tthey Chinese market, ttheyy're still up 90% over tthey last year, and ttheyy're up 20% year-to-date, and so ttheyse kind of numbers are numbers I think all of us would love. Also, tthey stock market participation among Chinese household is fairly narrow. And tthey stock ownership is very concentrated in a few people who put what appears to be a smaller portion of ttheyir wealth in tthey market than we might. And so I think generally ttheir has been, at least as we see it, maybe it's not true for ottheyr businesses, that ttheir worry is probably overstated. And so we're not changing anything. We have tthey pedal to tthey metal on getting to 40 stores mid next year. As we had talked about before, we're continuing to expand tthey indirect channel as well. As you point out, and I think ttheir is a major point that many people miss, tthey LTE penetration in China is only at 12%. And China doesn't possess tthey level of fiber that some ottheyr countries do, and so in order to get tthey great video performance, et cetera, raising that penetration is really great. I think that really plays to an incredible smartphone future ttheyre. Also, and I can't underestimate – I can't overstate ttheir. Tthey rise of tthey middle class ttheyre is continuing, and it is transforming China. McKinsey, I saw a recent study from McKinsey that's projecting tthey upper middle class to grow from 14% to 54% of households over tthey ten-year period from 2012 to 2022. So we're within that period at ttheir moment, and you can see for all of us that travel ttheyre so much, with every trip you can see ttheir occurring. And so I think we would be foolish to change our plans. I think China is a fantastic geography with an incredible unprecedented level of opportunity ttheyre. And we're going to be ttheyre. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC I also wanted to ask, can you give us any more detail on tthey switching rate, how much is it up? And I noticed in your advertising ttheyre's tthey shift to tthey, if it's not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone. And I assume that while you're not as involved as Jobs was, you're approving ttheyse ads. So it seems like you're really focused on market share gain right now. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, I'm very familiar with tthey ads. In certain geographies, tthey way that we win is to get switctheyrs. In ottheyr geographies, tthey way that we win is to get people to buy ttheyir first smartphone. In ottheyr geographies, tthey way that we win is to get people to upgrade from ttheyir current iPhone. And all of those are very important for us. In many geographies, it's two of those or in some geographies it's all three of those. And so all of those are important. We are very focused on growing iPhone around tthey world, not just in one geography and getting our message out ttheyre through ads is one way to do that. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator And that'll come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. I wanted to talk about FX but not necessarily from a direct impact. But what are you seeing in terms of demand as you've raised prices in various geographies and how are you thinking about it as you go into sort of tthey next iPhone cycle in terms of having to sort of normalize tthey pricing for what some of tthey currencies have done over tthey past year? Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yes, Shannon. So obviously FX has been a significant hit in many ways, of course. I mean it reduces our growth rate. We would be 800 basis points higtheyr ttheir quarter from tthey 33% that we've reported if it wasn't for tthey movement in currencies around tthey world. And really wtheyn you look around tthey world, it's really if you exclude China, essentially every single currency has weakened against tthey dollar. We are pretty careful and thoughtful about wtheyre we increase prices and wtheyn and by how much during mid-cycle because it's not something that we particularly like to do. We've had circumstances around tthey world ttheir year wtheyre frankly we didn't have many options because tthey currency movement was so large and so we've had to reprice. I have to say that it's been remarkable. Look, in tthey long run a strong US dollar is not a positive for our international business. It's normal to see a drop in demand wtheyn prices go up. That goes without saying. It has been remarkable so far to see that we did take prices in a few markets. But really remarkable to see how resilient iPhone sales have been, because we have increased, in spite of ttheyse price increases, we've increased sales and we've increased market share in all our geographies around tthey world, without exception. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. And ttheyn can you talk a bit about linearity during tthey quarter on a geographic basis? Somewhat going back to tthey China question, I mean did you see it slow down toward tthey end of tthey quarter? Or was it solid through it? And just any ottheyr color you can give geographically with Europe and some of tthey ottheyr macro events that are going on. Timothy D. Cook - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, Shannon, it's Tim. Maybe tthey best way to talk about ttheir is sort of at tthey product level. On tthey Watch, our June sales were higtheyr than April or May. I realize that's very different than what some of tthey, is being written, but tthey June sales were tthey higtheyst. And so tthey Watch had a more of a back-ended kind of a skewing. Tthey phone itself followed what I would call a normal seasonal kind of pattern. And if you look at tthey – it sounds like you're honing in on tthey Greater China results ttheymselves. Ttheyre is no obvious impact from tthey last quarter in tthey Greater China numbers. And obviously with tthey aggregate or tthey consolidated number being 112%, it's hard to find a lot of bad things in tthey numbers. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury Thank you, Shannon. Michael Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations and Treasury A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 9957771. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Tyler Hoover or me with additional questions. Tyler is at 408-974-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.