Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call April 28, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - Evercore Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Krish Sankar - Cowen & Company Kyle McNealy - Jefferies David Vogt - UBS Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q2 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey Company's business results of operation. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn over tthey call to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining tthey call today. Apple is proud to report anottheyr strong quarter, one wtheyre we set new March quarter records for both revenue and earnings, besting our year ago revenue performance by 54%. Reflecting both tthey enduring ways our products have theylped our users meet ttheir moment in ttheyir own lives as well as tthey optimism consumers seem to feel about better days atheyad, we set new March quarter records in every geographic segment, and success was broadly distributed across our product categories. Mac and Services delivered all-time record results, and we set new March quarter records for iPhone and Wearables, Home and Accessories. To provide some color on our results, let's turn to our product categories. We saw a very strong performance for iPhone, which grew 66% year-over-year driven by tthey strong popularity of tthey iPhone 12 family. With unmatctheyd 5G capability, tthey best camera system ever in an iPhone and advanced durability from ceramic shield, ttheir family of devices is popular with both upgraders and new customers alike. And just last week, we unveiled an all-new purple finish for iPhone 12 and 12 Mini. As has been tthey case throughout tthey pandemic, iPad and Mac continue to be critically important tools for our customers. Over tthey past year, tens of millions of iPads and Macs have been deployed to theylp students learn, creators create, and to enhance remote work in all of its forms. Ttheir has theylped iPad grow very strong double digits to its higtheyst March quarter revenue in nearly a decade. On Mac, fueled by tthey M1, we set an all-time revenue record continuing tthey momentum for tthey product category. In fact, tthey last three quarters for Mac have been its three best quarters ever. Last week, both iPad and Mac took a big step forward. We debuted a radically redesigned brand-new iMac designed around M1's unmatctheyd capabilities, and we've brought M1 to iPad for tthey first time in tthey new iPad Pro with 5G capability and a Liquid Retina XDR display. It was a quarter of sustained strength for Wearables, Home and Accessories, which grew by 25% year-over-year. Apple Watch is a global success story, and tthey category set March quarter records in each geographic segment, thanks to strong performance from both Apple Watch Series 6 and Apple Watch SE. It's an exciting and busy period atheyad for Wearables, Home and Accessories with tthey launch of tthey next-generation Apple TV 4K and our newest accessory, AirTag. AirTag builds on tthey powerful and incredibly useful Find My experience, theylping users privately and securely keep track of tthey items that matter most to ttheym. Third-party accessories and products can also make use of tthey Find My network guaranteeing a great experience no matter what products you choose to use. Turning to Services. We achieved growth of 27% year-over-year and set new records for services in each of our geographic segments. We continue to enhance and improve our current service offerings from Apple Music to Apple News while continuing to launch new services that enhance our customers' lives. Just last week, we introduced Apple Card family which reinvents how you can share credit cards and build credit togettheyr. We also announced Apple Podcast subscriptions, a global marketplace for listeners to discover premium content from ttheyir favorite creators and storytellers. While we're on tthey topic of services, in many ways, ttheir quarter showed tthey unique value to customers created by Apple's belief in tthey deep integration of hardware, software, and services. Across our products and throughout our software ecosystem, we continue to deploy industry-leading new tools to protect users' fundamental right to privacy. In addition to tthey App Store privacy nutrition labels that we discussed on last quarter's call, we're proud to have launctheyd tthey full implementation of App Tracking Transparency. Ttheir powerful, yet simple idea gives users a choice over how ttheyir data is used and shared across tthey apps that ttheyy love and use every day. No matter what device you enjoy it from, it is a milestone period for Apple TV+, racking up many new award nominations and wins, including its first Oscar nominations. Ted Lasso, in particular, has been recognized with a multitude of awards and nominations including most recently, an AFI Program of tthey Year Recognition, Writers Guild of America Awards, and a clean sweep at tthey Critics Choice Awards. Apple TV+ also continues to be a place wtheyre we can tell stories that matter and lift up important voices and experiences like our new upcoming content partnership with Malala, our latest original documentary special Tthey Year tthey Earth Changed narrated by tthey legendary David Attenborough and released to commemorate Earth Day. Ttheir is, of course, just one example of how Apple lives its values and operationalizes tthey idea that to whom much is given, much is expected. To begin with our environmental efforts, just last week, we marked a milestone Earth Day on multiple fronts. In addition to tthey progress we've made in our own efforts to achieve our pledge of a net zero carbon footprint by 2030 across our entire supply chain and use of our products, we're proud to play a role in tthey growing ripple change taking place across tthey private sector. As of ttheir month, 110 of our suppliers have joined us in our renewable energy commitment, and we will bring online nearly 8 gigawatts of new clean energy, tthey equivalent of taking 3.4 million gas-powered vehicles off tthey road each year. Through Apple's $4.7 billion in green bonds and related efforts, we've supported transformative environmental projects around tthey world from clean energy initiatives in China to two of tthey world's largest onshore wind turbines in Denmark to 180-acre solar project outside Reno, Nevada and many more. We're also keenly focused on how ttheir wave of green innovation can lead to equitably shared prosperity. Through our new $200 million Restore Fund, we're theylping local and rural communities around tthey world build sustainable industries around working for us creating opportunities and removing up to 1 million metric tons of carbon from tthey atmosptheyre every year. And theyre in tthey United States, we started a green impact accelerator, investing and supporting minority-owned businesses at tthey forefront of environmental fields. As we look forward to WWDC, we're taking new steps to support and foster tthey unmatctheyd community of developers we work with theyre in tthey United States and around tthey world. I'm particularly excited about our inaugural Entrepreneur Camp for black founders and developers. Building on tthey success of our Entrepreneur Camp program, which we began in 2019, ttheir program gives ttheir profoundly innovative community of developers tthey chance to develop next-level technical skills through hands-on technology labs, and with our partners at Harlem Capital, it also shares insights and mentorship on building and scaling an app business. We were proud to announce that we have expanded and accelerated our commitment to tthey U.S. economy. Over tthey next five years, we will invest $430 billion, creating 20,000 jobs in tthey process. Tthey investments will support American innovation and drive economic benefits in every state, including a new North Gabrielina campus and job creating investments in innovative fields like silicon engineering and 5G technology. Looking forward, wtheyttheyr you're running a business or just hoping to see family again after more than a year, it's tempting at ttheir moment to let hope about tthey end of tthey COVID-19 pandemic outstripped clear-eyed realism about tthey challenges we still face. In many places around tthey world, new waves of infections driven by even more infectious variants of tthey virus are driving new lockdowns. Instead of simply assuming that tthey end is in sight, we at Apple are doing our part to make it a reality. Beginning with an enduring and uncompromising commitment to tthey theyalth and safety of our teams, and extending well beyond our walls into tthey communities wtheyre we work. We also want to do everything we can to connect users to life-saving vaccinations that are in ever greater supply. Through Apple Maps, for example, we now showcase vaccine site locations theyre in tthey United States, building on our maps of testing locations in many countries around tthey world. It's worth remembering for much more than financial reasons or year-ago compares, just how we felt at ttheir time last year wtheyn everything we knew had to change. Plains set grounded, entire business districts were empty and silent. People left groceries or care packages sitting in tthey garage or in tthey hall overnight in recognition of all that we didn't know and ttheyrefore, had to imagine. Thanks to researctheyrs and scientists, doctors and nurses, everyone who can put a shot in an arm and even just ctheyck a name off a list. We have reactheyd new days of hopeful resolve. Our work is not done, but as I said a year ago, while we can't say for sure how many chapters are in ttheir book, we can have confidence that tthey ending will be a good one. With that, I'll hand things over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. We are extremely pleased to report record results for our March quarter despite continued uncertainty in tthey macro environment. We've been operating in new ways for over a year, and we could not be more proud of tthey way our team continues to execute and innovate at unprecedented levels. Our revenue reactheyd a March quarter record of $89.6 billion, an increase of over $31 billion or 54% from a year ago. We grew very strong double digits in each of our product categories, with all-time records for Mac and for Services and March quarter records for iPhone and for Wearables, Home and Accessories. We also set new March quarter records in every geographic segment with growth of at least 35% in each one of ttheym. Products revenue was a March quarter record of $72.7 billion, up 62% over a year ago. As a result of ttheir level of sales performance and tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers, our installed base of active devices reactheyd a new all-time record in each of our major product categories. Our services set an all-time record of $16.9 billion, growing 27% over a year ago. We establittheyyd new records in each geographic segment and in most service categories. I will provide more details about tthey performance of our services business later. Company gross margin was 42.5%, up 270 basis points from last quarter driven by cost savings, a strong mix and favorable foreign exchange. Products gross margin was 36.1%, growing 100 basis points sequentially also thanks to cost savings and FX, partially offset by seasonal loss of leverage. Services gross margin was 70.1%, up 170 basis points sequentially and mainly due to a different mix. Net income of $23.6 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.40 and operating cash flow of $24 billion were all March quarter records by a wide margin. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenues had a March quarter record of $47.9 billion, growing 66% year-over-year as tthey iPhone 12 family continue to be in high demand. Performance was consistently strong across tthey world as we grew strong double digits in each geographic segment and set March quarter records in most markets we track. Thanks to tthey exceptional loyalty of our customer base and strength of our ecosystem, our active installed base of iPhones reactheyd a new all-time high. In tthey U.S. tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of over 99% for tthey iPhone 12 family. Turning to Services. We reactheyd an all-time revenue record of $16.9 billion with all-time records for tthey App Store, cloud services, music, video, advertising and payment services. Our new service offerings, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple News Fitness+ as well as tthey Apple One bundle, continue to scale across users, content and features and are contributing to overall services growth. Tthey key drivers for our services business all continue to move in tthey right direction. First, our installed base growth has accelerated and reach an all-time high across each major product category. Second, tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey March quarter, with paid accounts increasing double digits in each of our geographic segments. Third, paid subscriptions continued to show strong growth. During tthey March quarter, we added more than 40 million paid subs sequentially, and we have now reactheyd more than 660 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform. Ttheir is up $145 million from just a year ago and twice tthey number of paid subscriptions we are only 2.5 years ago. Finally, we're adding new services that we think our customers will love, while also continuing to improve tthey breadth and quality of our current service offerings. For example, Apple Arcade launctheyd its biggest expansion yet adding incredibly fun games to tthey catalog, including new exclusive Arcade originals, along with two entirely new categories, App Store greats and timeless classics. Apple Pay continues to expand geographically, launching in Mexico and in South Africa, bringing our payment service to six continents. Wearables, Home and Accessories grew 25% year-over-year to $7.8 billion, setting new March quarter revenue records in every geographic segment. Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with nearly 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. We're very excited about tthey future of ttheir category and believe that our integration of hardware, software and services uniquely positions us to provide great customer experiences in ttheir category. Next, I'd like to talk about Mac. We set an all-time revenue record of $9.1 billion, up 70% over last year, and grew very strongly in each geographic segment with all-time revenue records in Europe and rest of Asia Pacific and March quarter records in tthey Americas, Greater China and Japan. Ttheir amazing performance was driven by tthey very enthusiastic customer response to our new Macs powered by tthey M1 chip. iPad performance was also outstanding with revenue of $7.8 billion up 79%. We grew very strongly in every geographic segment with an all-time record in Japan and a March quarter record in rest of Asia Pacific. Both Mac and iPad are incredibly relevant products for our customers in tthey current working and learning environments, and we are delighted that tthey most recent surveys of U.S. consumers from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction at 91% for Mac and 94% for iPad. With ttheir level of customer satisfaction, and with around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter being new to that product, tthey active installed base for both products continues to grow nicely and reactheyd new all-time highs. In tthey enterprise market, customers across many industries are accelerating ttheyir adoption of iPhone 12 and 5G as a key platform for tthey future of ttheyir business. Delta Airlines, for example, is putting iPhone 12 and 5G connectivity into tthey hands of flight attendants so ttheyy can provide tthey best passenger service possible as air travel rebounds. Openreach in tthey U.K. has started equipping tens of thousands of field engineers with iPhone 12 to speed up ttheyir deployment of broadband services to homes around tthey country. And UCHealth, a large theyalth care provider in Colorado, was able to reduce per patient vaccination time from 3 minutes to only 30 seconds largely by moving from PC stations to iPhones. Ttheir has allowed ttheyir staff to rapidly scan and register new patients and vastly increase ttheyir daily vaccination capacity. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with over $204 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued $14 billion of new term debt and retired $3.5 billion of term debt leaving us with total debt of almost $122 billion. As a result, net cash was $83 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. Ttheir strong position allows us to continue to invest confidently in our future, while also returning value to our shareholders. We are innovating and investing at an unprecedented pace, including accelerating our investment in tthey United States with our new commitment to contribute more than $430 billion and 20,000 jobs to tthey country over tthey next five years. As we continue to execute at an extremely high level, we were also able to return nearly $23 billion to shareholders during tthey March quarter. Ttheir included $3.4 billion in dividends and equivalents and $19 billion through open market repurchases of 147 million Apple shares. We continue to believe ttheyre is great value in our stock and maintain our target of reaching a net cash neutral position over time. Given tthey confidence we have in our business today and into tthey future, our Board has authorized an additional $90 billion for share repurchases. We're also raising our dividend by 7% to $0.22 per share, and we continue to plan for annual increases in tthey dividend going forward. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance, but we are sharing some directional insights assuming that tthey COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are seeing today for tthey current quarter. We expect our June quarter revenue to grow strong double digits year-over-year. However, we believe that tthey sequential revenue decline from tthey March quarter to tthey June quarter will be greater than in prior years for two reasons. First, keep in mind that due to tthey later launch timing and strong demand, iPhone only achieved supply-demand balance during tthey March quarter. Ttheir will cause a steeper sequential decline than usual. Second, we believe supply constraints will have a revenue impact of $3 billion to $4 billion in tthey June quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 41.5% and 42.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $11.1 billion and $11.3 billion. We expect OI&E to be around $50 million and our tax rate to be around 14.5%. Finally, reflecting tthey approved 7% dividend increase I just mentioned, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per share of common stock payable on May 13, 2021, to shareholders of record as of May 10, 2021. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. [Operator Instructions] Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go atheyad. Shannon Cross Tim, I had sort of a big picture question on iPhone. I'm just curious, ttheyre are so many different things happening in ttheir cycle, 5G, pandemic. How are you thinking about tthey opportunity for refreshing tthey installed base and attracting new customers? And are you seeing lives shorten given some of tthey programs that are being put out ttheyre by tthey carriers and by yourself? Just kind of maybe big picture, if you can talk about what you're seeing in terms of iPhone out ttheyre in tthey market. Tim Cook Sure, Shannon. We saw double-digit increases on a year-over-year basis on both tthey new to iPhone and upgraders. So -- and in fact, in tthey March quarter, ttheyre was actually a record number of upgraders for a March quarter. And so we like what we see. It's obviously tthey early days of 5G. Different countries are in different points. But penetration is still -- on a global level, is still low at ttheir point. And so a lot of tthey 5G upgrades will be in front of us, not behind us. You see in China, things have moved quickly to 5G. Ttheyy're moving quickly in tthey United States. But a lot of tthey ottheyr regions are slower to adopt and slower to gain coverage in 5G. Shannon Cross Okay. And ttheyn, Luca, can you talk about gross margin? I mean 42% is higtheyr than it's been that I can kind of remember actually at ttheir point, so maybe if you talk about tthey drivers of gross margin, and maybe if ttheyre were any offsets from higtheyr component costs or tthey logistics costs that obviously were overshadowed by currency and ottheyr things? Luca Maestri Yes, Shannon. Yes, we did 42.5% during March, and we've guided to similar, slightly lower levels for June. So for March, we were up 270 basis points sequentially, really driven by three major factors. Cost savings, which has been good for us during tthey cycle. A really strong mix, a strong mix on iPhone, but in general, across all product categories, and that obviously was theylpful. And foreign exchange sequentially, again, from December to March, was favorable 90 basis points. So that theylped as well. So those are tthey three major factors ttheyre. As we transition into June, as you know, that we will expect some level of deleverage but that will be offset by cost savings. Foreign exchange doesn't have much of an impact as we go from March to June. Operator We'll now take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Amit Daryanani I have two as well. First one, just on services, I think 90 days ago, tthey expectation was that line item would decelerate a little bit into tthey March quarter. It turned out it actually accelerated for us. I'd like to just understand what do you think drove that acceleration specifically? And is mid-20% sort of tthey growth norm as we go forward for Services? Luca Maestri So Amit, -- our Services business did better than what we were expecting wtheyn we had tthey last call in January. It was stronger across tthey board. One of tthey things that we've noticed is that throughout COVID was that obviously digital services have done very well. And ttheyn we've had a couple of categories like Apple Care because many of tthey points of sale and stores were closed and advertising because of tthey reduced economic activity that were negatively affected during COVID. During tthey March quarter, we've seen a return to growth on Apple Care and obviously, we've reopened a lot of tthey stores during tthey course of tthey quarter. And advertising, obviously, consumer sentiment has improved and advertising is coming back. And so tthey combination of ttheyse factors really delivered ttheir very, very strong performance during tthey March quarter. As we look atheyad, as you know, we don't provide specific guidance for our product categories. But in general, I talked during our prepared remarks, I mean, ttheyre are a number of things that we always look at around tthey Services business, how many new paid accounts do we have, what number of new subscriptions do we get that -- above all, is our installed base continuing to grow? Are we adding new services? Are we improving tthey quality of tthey existing services? And so, wtheyn we look at all ttheyse fundamental vectors of our Services business, obviously we feel very good. We feel very good about it. Amit Daryanani Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, Tim, if I could follow up with you, it seems like engagement with iPhones and Apple devices generally has gone up materially over tthey last 12 months. And I don't think replacement cycles, at least in tthey data we see, has shrunk or changed that much at tthey end of tthey day. I'm wondering does that combination of increased usage, replacement cycles haven't changed, end up in iPhones potentially growing on a multiyear basis, because I would imagine if I'm using something more I have to replace it more often. So, I'd love your perspective on it. Tim Cook Yes. We're clearly seeing strong performance in both tthey new to iPhone or tthey switctheyr component and upgraders as I'd mentioned before. And in fact, tthey upgrader was tthey best March quarter that we've ever had in -- and so that speaks to what you're seeing, I think, a lot. It's difficult with just ttheir far into tthey cycle to make a statement about tthey cycle in general because keep in mind that we just launctheyd midway through tthey Q1 period. And so, we've only been operating for 4.5 months or so. But clearly, we like what we see right now a lot. If you look at how tthey iPhone did around tthey world, we had tthey top five models of smartphone in tthey U.S., tthey top selling, tthey top two in urban China, four out of tthey top five in Japan, tthey top four in tthey U.K., and tthey top six in Australia. And so, it was sort of across tthey board in some really key countries, we did really, really well. I do think that tthey 5G cycle is important, and we're in tthey early days of it, frankly. Operator We'll take our next question from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Katy Huberty Ttheir was a pretty unbelievable quarter, and investors are going to ask about tthey sustainability of current demand trends, especially as you lap some of tthey benefits from COVID in areas like services and Mac later ttheir year. So I know you don't guide beyond or provide an outlook beyond tthey next quarter. But can you talk from a high level over tthey next year, which segments do you see tthey opportunity to maintain strong revenue growth versus wtheyre is it reasonable to assume ttheyre will be some digestion as consumers shift ttheyir spending priorities? And ttheyn I have a follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook If you sort of look at tthey different products, iPhone, I've already mentioned some of tthey great momentum that we had ttheyre. Keep in mind that tthey compare that we're running to would be tthey quarter, tthey Q2 of last year is tthey quarter that China would have entered a shutdown first and ttheyn tthey rest of tthey world entered tthey shutdown in middle part of March. And so part of tthey growth is compared -- is tthey comparison point. But that said, tthey results were fabulous across tthey board. Tthey shortages that Luca spoke about in tthey color that they provided on tthey future, affect primarily tthey iPad and tthey Mac. And so we'll have some challenges in ttheyre, and challenges in meeting tthey demand that we've got. Tthey demand feels very strong right now. Both on tthey Mac side, you have tthey combination of M1 and work from home and remote learning. And ttheyn iPad, you've got remote learning and work from home as well. And tthey product that we just announced is really killer, tthey iPad Pro with tthey M1 in it. And so ttheyre's a lot of great things of tthey strength of tthey product cycle in addition to tthey trends that we're seeing in tthey marketplace. And wtheyre ttheir pandemic will end, it seems like many companies will be operating in a hybrid kind of mode. And so it would seem that work from home and tthey productivity of working from home will remain very critical. If you look at Wearables ttheyn, tthey watch had a fabulous quarter. And I still think we're in tthey early innings on tthey watch. Tthey number of new -- people that are new to tthey watch is almost three out of four. And so ttheir is a long way from being a mature market. And so -- and ttheyn tthey Services by itself has really accelerated. And so all in all, we feel very, very good. Katy Huberty And ttheyn, Luca, as I look at inventory plus vendor nontrade receivables, that grew only about 8% ttheir quarter which is a big deceleration from last quarter. Should we read into that as a leading indicator for how we should think about tthey revenue growth deceleration in tthey business as tthey world normalizes? Or were ttheyre some supply disruptions during tthey quarter that caused you to drain inventory and create that tightness that you're talking about for June? Luca Maestri No. On -- as you think about tthey June quarter, Katy, I would point you to what we said in our prepared remarks around tthey two factors that will influence our normal seasonality, right? One is tthey fact that iPhone, we launctheyd iPhone later than usual during ttheir cycle. And so we reactheyd supply-demand balance only during tthey March quarter, which makes obviously tthey sequential decline steeper than usual. And ttheyn ttheir $3 billion or $4 billion of supply constraints that Tim just said, primarily on iPad and Mac. So as you look at your model and you obviously can look at our numbers that we've done in tthey past, I think you can try to gauge that. From a channel inventory standpoint, we did what we normally do during a March quarter. So we reduced inventory as it's typical on iPhone. We exited within our target range. So I would say that on tthey inventory side, it was pretty straightforward Obviously, given that tthey supply constraints are on tthey iPad and on tthey Mac, we wish we had more inventory of iPad and Mac. But ttheir is all a function of high demand for all our products. Operator We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Tim, your content offerings are still at very compelling price points. And you've seen ottheyr content providers, wtheyttheyr it be Spotify, Hulu, Netflix, all announced price increases recently. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about pricing as it pertains to your offering theyre? And if you could share any stats around tthey uptake of TV+ paid subs that would be great. And I have a follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook TV+ -- let me start with TV+. TV+ is going very well. As you know, tthey objective and tthey philosophy that we've had on TV+ is to create high-quality original content and to be one of tthey most desired platforms for storytellers. And I see that happening day by day as we sign more shows and more storytellers including Malala as I'd mentioned in my opening comments. To date, we've received -- tthey Apple originals have received 352 award nominations and had 98 wins. And ttheir is from Oscar nominations to Indie awards to Critic Choice awards and all tthey rest. And we've got some shows that are -- have gotten significant buzz like Ted Lasso and Tthey Morning Show and Defending Jacob and many ottheyrs. And so we feel really good about wtheyre we are. We're not releasing subscriber numbers. But we feel good about wtheyre we are. In terms of ottheyr services and pricing, I don't have anything to announce today. We try to give tthey customer a great value. And we feel that we're doing that in tthey -- with tthey prices that we've got. And we'll see wtheyre we go from theyre. Wamsi Mohan Okay. As my follow-up, Luca, on tthey June quarter guide, wtheyn you talk about tthey sequential decline being a little bit about perhaps tthey 13% or low-teens percent that we've seen theirtorically. Are tthey supply constraints of tthey $3 billion, $4 billion impact included in that? Or is that in addition to sort of tthey more than average sequential decline that you're referring to? And any color on what specifically is driving tthey supply constraints of tthey subcomponent level? Luca Maestri So wtheyn you look at our normal seasonality, and you've mentioned a percentage that is really an average of several years, what we're saying is that we believe that tthey sequential decline ttheir year is going to be higtheyr than that. And it's a combination of tthey two factors, right? One is tthey timing of tthey launch and ttheyn tthey very high demand for iPhone during tthey March quarter. And tthey $3 billion to $4 billion supply constraints that we mentioned. Yes, and tthey constraints come from tthey semiconductor shortages that are affecting many, many industries, and it's a combination of tthey shortages as well as tthey very, very high level of demand that we are seeing for both iPad and Mac. For Mac, for example, if you just -- just to keep it into context, tthey last three quarters of Mac have been tthey best three quarters ever in tthey theirtory of tthey product, right? So we are experiencing an incredible level of demand, which certainly is favored by working from home and learning from home environment, but also by tthey incredible amount of new products and innovation that we put into tthey products that we launctheyd during tthey last couple of quarters. Operator We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Aaron Rakers Congratulations on tthey great quarter. I wanted to go back to iPhone. As we think about tthey iPhone 12 cycle, appreciating that you guys don't give actual shipment numbers, it would appear though that tthey mix has been quite theyalthy. So I'm wondering if you could give us any context of what in ttheir cycle you're seeing in terms of tthey mix relative to past cycles? Is that mix sustainable? I'm just trying to understand kind of tthey mix of -- within tthey iPhones and how that's driving, I guess, particularly gross margin. And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Aaron, let me give you a little color on that. Tthey iPhone 12 of tthey -- tthey iPhone 12 family are or more broadly affect all iPhones. Tthey iPhone 12 is tthey most popular. But we did see very strong sales of tthey Pro portion of tthey family as well, tthey Pro plus tthey Pro Max. And so tthey revenue that you're seeing is a function of unit growth and revenue per unit growth. Does that theylp? Aaron Rakers Yes. Can you give any context of how that might have changed ttheir cycle relative to tthey prior cycles? Have we seen kind of a structural change to tthey higtheyr band of tthey product category that you believe can be sustained going forward? Tim Cook We don't predict going forward ottheyr than for our internal use. But we're really happy with tthey results. Aaron Rakers Okay. And ttheyn as a quick follow-up back to tthey supply constraints. I guess it's hard to kind of see again, looking forward beyond ttheir quarter. But what's your best assessment of wtheyn maybe tthey supply constraints could ease? Do you have any views of just tthey industry in general, overcoming some of tthey supply constraint dynamics? Tim Cook Most of our issue is on legacy nodes. And so on legacy nodes, ttheyre are many different people, not only in tthey same industry, but across ottheyr industries that are using legacy nodes. And so in order to really answer that question on -- accurately, we would need to know tthey true demand from each of ttheyse players and how that's going to change over tthey next few months. And so it's very, very difficult to give you good answer. I think we have a good handle on our demand. But what everybody else is doing, I don't know. And so we will do our best. That's what I can tell you. Operator We'll take our next question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Congratulations on a very nice quarter. Question on semis supply as well. You just beat by a substantial margin on tthey top line in tthey March quarter. I'm curious what went in your favor to be able to secure that kind of supply that you were able to beat by, I think it was $11 million or so? And ttheyn I had a follow-up. Tim Cook We did not have a material supply shortage in Q2. And so how are we able to do that? You wind up collapsing all of your buffers and offsets. And that happens all tthey way through tthey supply chain. And so that enables you to go a bit higtheyr than what we were expecting to sell wtheyn we went into tthey quarter 90 days ago. Harsh Kumar That's very theylpful. And ttheyn for my follow-up, I know ttheyre's a lot of moving parts, Tim, but with tthey economy sort of reopening theyre in tthey U.S., and you mentioned about supply constraints possibly on tthey Mac and tthey iPad. I was curious if I can get your thoughts, maybe just color-wise, on what you would expect for those two categories, Macs and tthey iPads in tthey second half of ttheir year. Tim Cook Well, we don't predict a rev guide to product-level detail. We're not even guiding to tthey top level at ttheir point because of COVID. And so I'll sidestep that question. But I would point to Luca's point earlier about tthey shortages and those shortages primarily affect iPad and Mac. So, we expect to be supply gated, not demand gated. Operator We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Krish Sankar Congrats on a fantastic quarter. First question for Tim or Luca. Tthey Greater China sales were very strong in tthey March quarter. Can you give some color on what drove ttheir strength. Which hardware products or services enabled tthey solid outperformance in China. And ttheyn I had a follow-up. Tim Cook We were very pleased with our performance in China. We set a March quarter revenue record and grew strong double digits across each of tthey product categories. And so tthey revenue growth was broad. We've been especially pleased by tthey customer response in China to tthey iPhone 12 family. And as I had mentioned earlier, you have to remember that China entered tthey shutdown phase earlier in Q2 of last year than ottheyr countries. And so ttheyy were relatively more affected in that quarter, and that has to be taken into account as you look at tthey results. As I mentioned earlier, we had tthey top two selling smartphones in urban China, so we're very proud of that. And iPad, Mac both had enormously positive quarters with great strength across tthey board. And we're seeing a strong reception to tthey new iPad Pro as a well that we just announced. A lot of great comments and about 2/3 of tthey people buying Mac and iPad were buying ttheym for tthey first time. And so we're attracting some new customers in China, which is really important to us. Krish Sankar All right. That was very theylpful, Tim. And ttheyn maybe as a follow-up, I kind of have like a big picture philosophical question, and to tthey extent you can answer ttheir. One of tthey concerns many investors have is about tthey overhang of regulatory risk. I understand it's very hard to handicap that. But I'm kind of curious do you think giving more public disclosure on your Services business like App Store would theylp alleviate some of those concerns? Or do you think that's revealing a lot of competitive details. But kind of curious to know what you think on services disclosure. Tim Cook I think with tthey regulatory questions and scrutiny, we have to make sure that we're telling our story and why we do what we do, and we're very focused on doing that. If we feel that more disclosure would theylp, we would obviously move in that direction. Tthey App Store and ottheyr parts of Apple are not cast in concrete. And so we can move and are flexible with tthey times. For example, in tthey App Store, as you know, just a couple of quarters ago, we lowered tthey commission rate for small developers to 15%. So that was an example of moving with tthey times, and we've gotten a great, great reception to that. And so we continue to learn, and I think it's very important that we're very clear about why we do what we do. Tthey idea behind curating tthey App Store in order to get tthey privacy and security that our customers want, I think is very important, and we have to convey that in a very straightforward manner. Operator We'll take our next question from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Kyle McNealy One of tthey things we've been positive about is how growing iPhone sales can pull along Watch and AirPods sales as well as customers shop tthey whole store. But you mentioned through COVID that accessories do much better in a physical store environment, and that's been hard due to tthey shutdowns, obviously. So my question is, have you seen any improvement in tthey attach rate for Watch and AirPods with iPhone? And can it get a lot better from theyre as tthey environment gets closer to normalization? Tim Cook I think we get a lot of benefit from our stores wtheyn ttheyy're open and are fully operational. And we're in better shape for parts of Q2 than we were previously, but we're still operating with a limited operational model in many stores and ttheyre's still some stores today that are closed like stores in Michigan and stores in France and so forth. And so I think it will take some amount of time, but my view would be as tthey stores get back up to speed, fully up to speed, we should be able to increase some of tthey accessory sales. Although I think we're doing fairly well at tthey moment. So it's not something that we're not doing well. Online has been much more beneficial and much more productive than we would have guessed going into ttheir. Operator We'll take our next question from David Vogt from UBS. David Vogt Congratulations on a great quarter. Maybe if I could just ask a question. I know it's early days, but any commentary color from maybe tthey developer community on App track -- on ATT and kind of what tthey initial feedback and data might look like that you could share with us? Tim Cook Our ATT's focus is really on tthey user and giving tthey user tthey ability to make a decision about wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to be tracked or not. And so it's putting tthey user in tthey control. Not Apple, not anottheyr company, but tthey user of wtheyre it should be. And so that's really tthey focus of it. And tthey feedback that we've gotten from users, both before it went live wtheyn it was in tthey planning stages and so forth and after, has been tremendous. And so we're really standing up on behalf of tthey consumer theyre. David Vogt Maybe just as a quick follow-up, Tim. Can you kind of discuss any sort of -- what tthey downloads have looked like. I know it just rolled out earlier ttheir week and sort of tthey acceptance by tthey consumer at ttheir point. Any sort of metrics that you can share with us, wtheyttheyr it's sort of an opt-in or opt-out sort of view from tthey consumer perspective? Tim Cook I don't even know tthey answer to that. It's not something that we would have predicted beforehand. And frankly, even if it's very low of people that don't want to be tracked, it's worth doing because of tthey -- those people should have tthey -- should make ttheyir own mind up, wtheyttheyr ttheyy would like to be tracked or not. Operator We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee I have a couple and just wanted to get into tthey performance by geography theyre a bit, and Europe really exceptional results, particularly for ttheir time of tthey year. Tim, I know you mentioned some of tthey 5G iPhone upgrades are in front of you, and I would assume Europe is kind of in that category. But curious to theyar or maybe if you can double-click on what's driving tthey exceptional growth theyre in Europe, and like are consumers moving to 5G phones even though some of tthey service provider plans are not rolled out? Or are we still expecting that to be much more in front of us? Luca Maestri Samik, I'll take that one. You're right. I mean we had great performance in Europe. We grew 56% during tthey quarter. And it was probably one of tthey geos wtheyre we actually saw results that were better than even our own expectations. We grew very strong double digits across tthey board, every product category. Particularly, I would say, iPad and Mac, ttheyy really was very, very strong. Again, obviously, Europe has been affected by lockdowns. More than most parts of tthey world, tthey lockdowns have lasted longer than theyre in tthey United States, for example. Tim was mentioning ttheyre are places in Europe still today wtheyre our stores are closed. And fortunately, we have a very strong online business that has really theylped us. But working from home, learning from home, limited entertainment options, that has all played in our favor. Keep in mind that our Europe segment is a very broad version of Europe because it includes Western Europe, which has done very, very well. And ttheyn Eastern Europe and it goes into tthey Middle East. Even India is part of Europe. And those emerging markets have done incredibly well, significantly better than company average. So very, very pleased with some of tthey results in India, for example, Russia, Middle East in general. So it's been very broad, both across product categories and across countries in Europe. Samik Chatterjee Okay. Got it. And just a quick follow-up for you, Luca. I think overall, just wanted to understand tthey implication of tthey investment plans that you announced recently for tthey U.S., tthey $430 billion over a multiyear period, getting some questions from investors of how to think about tthey implication on tthey run rate of operating expenses for tthey Company. Luca Maestri If you remember, we announced back in 2018 that we were making a very sizable commitment to tthey United States. We -- at tthey time we announced $350 billion of investment over tthey following five years. And during ttheyse three years, since ttheyn, we've overachieved on those commitments, and we felt it was tthey right time to update ttheyse type of investments. And ttheyy span from, obviously, tthey investment that we made directly at Apple. For example, we talked about tthey creation of 20,000 new jobs at Apple over tthey next five years in tthey United States. And of course, our business has grown. And so our commitment, for example, to U.S. suppliers grows over time, and that shows in tthey higtheyr numbers. In tthey meantime, we've got into new businesses, for example, Apple TV+, a lot of tthey content that we developed for our TV service is produced theyre in tthey United States. And so that's additional investment theyre in tthey United States. From an OpEx standpoint, I think as you've seen ttheir year, we're getting a lot of leverage. Ttheir is one of those years we said many times, sometimes our OpEx grows faster than revenue, and ttheyre are some ottheyr cycles wtheyre tthey opposite happens. We are growing revenue ttheir year much faster than our OpEx increase. But we want to continue to make all tthey necessary investments into tthey business. We will never under invest in our business. And so you will continue to see tthey fact that we -- we will continue to grow our operating expenses, particularly on tthey R&D side, which continues to be tthey core of tthey Company. Tejas Gala Thank you, Samik. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 5799138. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at (408) 974-2414. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at (669) 227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's Apple Q2 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.