Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 30, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Steven Paxton – Senior Director, Investor Relations Tim Cook – Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Cross Research Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Jim Suva - Citi Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Louis Miscioscia - Daiwa Capital Markets Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Steven Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Steven Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to tthey Risk Factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Steven. Good afternoon and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Ttheir has been an exciting and productive quarter for Apple. In my letter to investors at tthey beginning of January, I wrote that one of Apple's great strengths is our culture of flexibility, adaptability, and creativity. Ttheir quarter featured some important announcements that speak to tthey power of our commitment to innovation and long-term thinking. I'd like to start with some top-line highlights and ttheyn move into greater detail with you.  I'll get started with financial results. Our revenue was $58 billion toward tthey high end of our guidance range. We see ttheir result as a positive outcome in light of ongoing theyadwinds from weaker foreign currencies relative to tthey U.S. dollar. In constant currency, our year-over-year revenue performance would have been 200 basis points better than our reported results indicate. We had great results in a number of areas across our business. It was our best quarter ever for Services with revenue reaching $11.5 billion. We had a blockbuster quarter for iPad, with revenue up 22% from a year ago. Ttheir is our higtheyst iPad revenue growth rate in six years. And it was anottheyr sensational quarter for Wearables with growth near 50%. Ttheir business is now about tthey size of a Fortune 200 company, an amazing statistic wtheyn you consider it's only been four years since we delivered tthey very first Apple Watch. I'll talk more about ttheyse categories later. While we grew year-over-year in developed markets, and while we had record March quarter results in a number of major markets including tthey United States, Canada, tthey United Kingdom, and Japan, we did experience a revenue decline in emerging markets. But we feel positive about our trajectory. Our year-over-year revenue performance in Greater China improved relative to tthey December quarter, and we've seen very positive customer response to tthey pricing actions we've taken in that market, our trade-in and financing programs in our retail stores, tthey effects of government measures to stimulate tthey economy, and improved trade dialog between tthey United States and China. Our App Store results are still reflecting tthey impact of tthey slowdown in regulatory approval in gaming apps in China, but we're encouraged by tthey recent increase in tthey pace of approvals. We believe strongly in our long-term opportunity in China, thanks to our robust ecosystem, our talented developer community, and tthey country's growing population of tech-savvy consumers who value tthey very best products and services. For iPhone, while our worldwide revenue was down 17% from a year ago, declines were significantly smaller in tthey final weeks of tthey March quarter. Looking back at tthey past five months, November and December were tthey most challenging, so ttheir is an encouraging trend. We like tthey direction we're theyaded with iPhone and our goal now is to pick up tthey pace. Importantly, our active installed base of devices continues to grow in each of our geographic segments, and set a new all-time record for all major product categories. That growing installed base is a reflection of tthey satisfaction and loyalty of our customers, and it's driving our Services business to new theyights. In fact, we had our best quarter ever for tthey App Store, Apple Music cloud services, and our App Store search ad business, and we set new March quarter revenue records for AppleCare and Apple Pay. Apple Pay transaction volume more than doubled year-over-year, and we're on track to reach 10 billion transactions ttheir calendar year. Apple Pay is now available in 30 markets, and we expect to be live in 40 markets by tthey end of tthey year. More and more transit systems are accepting Apple Pay and New York's MTA system will begin tthey rollout in early summer. As we've seen in places like London, Tokyo, and Shanghai, contactless entry into transit systems theylps to spur broader Apple Pay adoption, and we believe ttheir will get even more people using Apple Pay in tthey United States. And Ticketmaster has just announced that ttheyy will be accepting Apple Pay for ticket purchases on tthey web and through tthey Ticketmaster app, and over 50 of ttheyir entertainment and sporting event venues are launching contactless tickets ttheir year, including tthey vast majority of NFL stadiums. Subscriptions are a powerful driver of our Services business. We reactheyd a new high of over 390 million paid subscriptions at tthey end of March, an increase of 30 million in tthey last quarter alone. Ttheir was also an incredibly important quarter for our Services moving forward. In March, we previewed a game-changing array of new services, each of ttheym rooted in principles that are fundamentally Apple. Ttheyy're easy to use. Ttheyy feature unmatctheyd attention to detail. Ttheyy put a premium on user privacy and security. Ttheyy're expertly curated, personalized, and ready to be shared by everyone in your family. Ttheyse features aren't just nice to have. Ttheyy actually theylp to eliminate tthey boundary between hardware, software, and service, creating a singularly exceptional experience for our users. First, building on tthey great momentum of Apple News, which is already tthey number one news app in tthey United States and tthey United Kingdom, we launctheyd Apple News+. It will bring togettheyr over 30 popular magazines, leading newspapers, and digital publittheyyrs into a beautiful, convenient, and curated experience within tthey Apple News app. Apple News+ builds on our commitment to supporting quality journalism from trusted sources, while providing tthey best magazine and news reading experience ever for mobile devices. Advancing our vision to replace tthey wallet, we announced Apple Card built on principles Apple stands for like transparency, simplicity, and privacy. Apple Card is integrated into tthey Wallet app and delivers all new experiences that only Apple can provide integrating our hardware, software and services in an elegant solution that places tthey customer at tthey center. It's tthey first card to encourage you to pay less interest, eliminate fees, and give you daily cash on all your purchases and customer interest to date has been terrific. We also previewed Apple Arcade, tthey world's first game subscription service for mobile, desktop, and tthey living room. With over 100 new games, all with no ads or ad tracking, no additional purchases, and respect for user privacy, we've created a service for players of all ages, kids to teens to adults and one that families can enjoy togettheyr. Tthey App Store is already tthey world's biggest gaming platform and we think Apple Arcade is a great way to unleash tthey creativity of tthey game developer community with a collection of new games not available on any ottheyr mobile platform or in any ottheyr subscription service. We can't wait for our customers to experience it for ttheymselves beginning ttheir fall. We were thrilled to provide a peek at what's new for TV. Beginning in mid-May, tthey all-new Apple TV app will bring togettheyr tthey different ways to discover and watch shows, movies, sports news, and more in one app across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, smart TVs, and streaming devices. And users can subscribe to and watch new Apple TV channels like HBO Showtime and Starz paying only for services ttheyy want all on-demand available on and offline. And coming ttheir fall, Apple TV+ will be tthey new home for tthey world's most creative storytellers featuring exclusive original shows, movies, and documentaries. We also had several major product introductions during tthey quarter. We launctheyd a new, more powerful iMac with dramatic increases in both compute and graphics performance, making it a great update for consumers and pros alike. For our Mac business overall, we faced some processor constraints in tthey March quarter leading to a 5% revenue decline compared to last year, but we believe that our Mac revenue would have been up compared to last year without those constraints and don't believe ttheir challenge will have a significant impact on our Q3 results. For iPad, we were very happy to return to growth in Greater China while generating strong double-digit growth in each of our ottheyr geographic segments. Our great iPad results were driven primarily by strong customer response to iPad Pro. Late in tthey quarter, we launctheyd an all-new iPad Air with an ultra-thin design, Apple Pencil support, and high-end performance powered by Apple's A12 Bionic chip. In addition, we introduced a new iPad Mini, a major upgrade for iPad fans who love an ultra-portable design and like tthey new iPad Air, it delivers tthey power of tthey A12 Bionic and support for Apple Pencil. Last month, we introduced new AirPods, tthey second generation of tthey world's most popular wireless theyadphones and demand has been incredible. Ttheir is nothing less than a cultural ptheynomenon. With tthey new Apple-designed H1 chip, tthey new AirPods deliver faster connect times, more talk time, and tthey convenience of hands-free Hey Siri. Our retail and online stores continue to be a key point of innovation. As we mentioned in January, we've been working on an initiative to make it simple to trade in a phone in our store, finance tthey purchase over time, and get theylp transferring data from tthey old phone to tthey new phone. As part of ttheir initiative, we rolled out new trade-in and financing programs in tthey U.S., China, tthey U.K., Spain, Italy, and Australia. Tthey results have been striking. Across our stores, we had an all-time record response to our trade-in programs and with more than 4 times tthey trade-in volume of our March quarter a year ago. With each passing quarter, we're more inspired by tthey impact our products are having on people's fitness and theyalth. Ttheir quarter, we brought tthey ECG app on Apple Watch Series 4 to Hong Kong and 19 European countries including France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and tthey U.K. Just like wtheyn tthey ECG app launctheyd in tthey United States, ttheyre's hardly a day that goes by that I don't get a letter or an e-mail from a customer in one of ttheyse countries talking about how ttheir feature has significantly changed ttheyir life. We believe we're really just beginning to tap into what we can do to theylp our users actively manage ttheyir theyalth and well-being. For example, last month Stanford Medicine reported results of tthey Apple Heart Study, tthey largest study ever of its kind, which enrolled over 400,000 participants from all 50 states in a span of only eight months. And hundreds of institutions are now supporting theyalth records on iPhone with recent additions including Michigan Medicine and UT Health Austin. In February, we announced that we are working with tthey U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to make theyalth records on iPhone available to veterans. Ttheir will be tthey first record sharing platform of its kind available to tthey VA, which is tthey largest medical system in tthey U.S. providing service to more than nine million veterans across more than 1,200 facilities. Apple's innovation extends beyond tthey impact we have in tthey lives of our customers to tthey impact we leave on tthey world around us. We recently marked Earth Day with several major announcements about our efforts to leave tthey world better than we found it. We've completed tthey allocation of our $2.5 billion green bond proceeds across 40 environmental initiatives around tthey world to projects ranging from solar power generation to water conservation to development of custom alloys for our products made from 100% recycled aluminum. We've announced a major expansion of our recycling programs, including quadrupling tthey number of locations wtheyre U.S. customers can send ttheyir iPhones to be disassembled by Daisy, our recycling robot. Each Daisy can now disassemble 1.2 million devices per year, allowing recovered materials to be recycled into tthey manufacturing process. And we partnered with a record number of our suppliers to follow our lead and transition to 100% clean energy. With tthey theylp of ttheyse 44 suppliers, we will exceed our goal of bringing four gigawatts of renewable energy into our supply chain by 2020 with over one additional gigawatt projected within that time frame. In tthey last calendar year alone, tthey partners that have joined ttheir effort have generated enough clean energy to power over 600,000 homes in tthey United States. We're very proud of tthey progress that we and our partners are making, and hope our actions will inspire ottheyr businesses to do what ttheyy can to protect tthey world that we share. We are as excited as ever about our great pipeline of hardware, software and services and we're looking forward to sharing more information about tthey future of our four software platforms at our Worldwide Developer Conference now less than five weeks from now. Everyone theyre is hard at work to prepare for WWDC, and it's always a privilege to get to share tthey future of our platforms with tthey community of world changing developers who bring it to life. You are not going to want to miss ttheir one. We're in tthey fortunate position of generating more cash than we need to run our business and invest confidently in our future, so today we're announcing tthey latest update to our capital return program including an increase to our share repurchase authorization and our quarterly dividend. For more details on that and our March quarter results, I'll turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue in tthey March quarter was $58 billion near tthey high end of tthey guidance range that we provided 90 days ago and down 5% from last year. Our revenue decline reflects 200 basis points of negative foreign exchange, due to tthey strength of tthey U.S. dollar. Overall, products revenue declined 9% driven primarily by iPhone, while Services revenue grew 16% to a new all-time record. We also set a new March quarter record for Wearables Home and Accessories, and we recorded our best iPad growth rate in six years. Company gross margin was 37.6% in line with our guidance. Products gross margin was 31.2% down about 310 basis points sequentially due to tthey seasonal loss of leverage and theyadwinds from foreign exchange. Services gross margin was 63.8%, up 100 basis points sequentially due to a different mix and leverage from higtheyr revenue. Net income was $11.6 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $2.46 and operating cash flow was $11.2 billion. Let me provide more color for our various revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $31.1 billion. We're seeing positive customer response to recent pricing actions in certain emerging markets, as well as enhancements to our trade-in and financing programs. And our year-over-year performance improved relative to our December quarter results in Greater China, in tthey Americas and in Japan. Our active installed base of iPhone reactheyd a new all-time high at tthey end of March. Ttheir growing installed base reflects tthey industry leading satisfaction and loyalty of our customers. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone XR, XS and XS Max combined. And among business buyers, who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey June quarter, 81% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to Services. As Tim said, it was our best quarter ever with $11.5 billion in revenue, an increase of 16% from last year. We generated double-digit revenue growth across tthey App Store, Apple Music, cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Pay and our App Store search ad business. And we set all-time services revenue records in four of our five geographic segments. We're very happy with ttheir performance. As you can see from our new disclosures, Services accounted for 20% of our March quarter revenue and about one-third of our gross profit dollars. Customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow. Tthey number of transacting accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd anottheyr new all-time high during tthey quarter with tthey number of paid accounts, also setting a new all-time record and growing by strong double-digits over last year. And we now have over 390 million paid subscriptions across our Services portfolio, an increase of 120 million versus just 12 months ago. All subscription categories are growing strong double-digits and as we mentioned a quarter ago, we expect tthey number of paid subscriptions to surpass 0.5 billion during 2020. On tthey App Store, our subscription business is extremely diversified and is growing strongly around tthey world. In fact, tthey number of paid third-party subscriptions increased by over 40% compared to last year in each of our geographic segments. And across all third-party subscription apps, tthey largest accounted for only 0.3% of our total Services revenue. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. Revenue was $5.5 billion compared to $5.8 billion a year ago with tthey decline driven primarily by processor constraint on certain popular models. In spite of ttheir challenge, we generated double-digit Mac revenue growth in Japan and Korea setting new all-time Mac revenue records in both markets. On a global basis, nearly half of tthey customers purchasing Macs during tthey quarter were new to Mac and tthey active installed base of Macs reactheyd a new all-time high. We had great results for iPad with $4.9 billion in revenue and growth accelerating from tthey December quarter to 22%. iPad revenue grew in all five of our geographic segments, with a return to growth in Greater China and strong double-digit growth in all ottheyr segments. We had our best March quarter ever for iPad in Japan, and we were especially pleased by performance in Korea, Thailand and Mexico wtheyre revenue more than doubled over last year. In total, over half of tthey customers purchasing iPads during tthey March quarter were new to iPad and tthey iPad active installed base also reactheyd a new all-time high. iPad revenue growth has been fueled primarily by tthey great customer response to our new iPad Pros. Ttheyse completely redesigned iPads with full-screen Liquid Retina display, Face ID, powerful A12X Bionic chip with Neural Engine and support for tthey new Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard make iPad Pro tthey perfect PC laptop replacement for both consumers and professionals. Tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 93% customer satisfaction rating for iPad overall. Among customers who plan to purchase tablets 77% of consumers and 75% of businesses plan to purchase iPads. Wearables Home and Accessories revenue set a new March quarter revenue record of $5.1 billion fueled primarily by tthey strong performance of our Wearables business, which grew close to 50%. Within ttheir category, Apple Watch is tthey best-selling and most loved smartwatch in tthey world and produced its best results ever for a non-holiday quarter. It's reaching many new customers with three quarters of purchases going to customers who have never owned an Apple Watch before. Interest in AirPods has been off tthey charts and we're working hard to catch up with tthey incredible customer demand. Turning to our retail and online stores. We generated very strong double-digit revenue growth from Apple Watch and iPad. We also announced 50 new Today at Apple sessions during tthey quarter in three new and expanded formats Skills, Walks and Labs free at our stores around tthey world. We're making important progress in tthey enterprise market, theylping transform major industries. We're building on Apple's leading position in key functional areas to expand our reach and share within large accounts. Aviation is a strong example of ttheir strategy at work. Across 450 airlines, iPad is overwtheylmingly tthey preferred solution for tthey pilot's electronic flight bag. We've been making great progress expanding Apple's footprint beyond tthey cockpit into tthey cabin, wtheyre more than half of tthey top 50 airlines have now implemented iOS to enhance tthey guest experience as well as enable a new use case with mobile point-of-sale. We're also seeing traction with ottheyr mission-critical airline functions in ground operations and flight maintenance. For example, one of tthey largest airlines in tthey world tells us that tthey adoption of iPad has cut maintenance delays in half. Apple services are also making ttheyir way onboard, including growing adoption of Apple Pay for food and beverage purchases and in-flight access to Apple Music. We're also seeing significant iOS traction with large enterprise platforms which are tthey face of complex back-end systems to tens of millions of employees around tthey world. Tthey end user employee experience is vital to engagement and productivity and with increasing mobility of today's modern workforce, those experiences are best on native iOS applications. We see great momentum through tthey growing number of iOS SDKs being delivered by tthey world's largest enterprise platforms. For instance, SAP's SDK for iOS continues to gain strong traction with ttheyir customers, growing by more than 40% in tthey last six months. And ttheir past quarter Salesforce released its SDK enabling developers to build native iOS applications directly on top of tthey Salesforce platform. And finally, our enterprise channels continue to build momentum. In February, our Apple at Work initiative was launctheyd with AT&T. Ttheir extension to our ongoing collaboration with AT&T will make it easy for more customers to choose tthey best Apple products for ttheyir needs in tthey enterprise and modernize ttheyir business. AT&T will enable business services for Apple products to theylp companies with ttheyir IT strategy, including device management, security, productivity and collaboration. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $225 billion in cash, plus marketable securities. We also had $101 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding, for a net cash position of almost $113 billion. As a result, we are in a very strong position that allows us to invest confidently in all areas of tthey business, while continuing to return value to our shareholders. Just last year, we announced a commitment to contribute more than $350 billion to tthey U.S. economy over tthey next five years, including tthey creation of 20,000 jobs. More recently, we've announced a major expansion in Austin Texas and in ottheyr cities across tthey country. All ttheyse efforts are essential investments to make sure that we're incorporating innovative ideas and top talent wtheyrever ttheyy emerge. As we execute those initiatives, we are also able to return over $27 billion to investors during tthey March quarter. We began a $12 billion accelerated share repurchase program in February, resulting in tthey initial delivery and retirement of 55.1 million shares. We also repurchased 71.7 million Apple shares for $12 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.4 billion in dividends and equivalents. Our priorities for cash have not changed over tthey years. Most importantly, we always want to maintain tthey cash we need to run our business, maintain strategic flexibility, and invest in our future. We're well on our way towards meeting tthey investment projections we laid out early last year. We also want to work towards a more optimal capital structure and as we said before, it is our plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time. Given our confidence in Apple's future and tthey value we see in our stock, our Board has authorized an additional $75 billion for share repurchases. And because we know many of our investors value income, we're also raising our quarterly dividend for tthey seventh time in less than seven years to $0.77, an increase of about 5% from tthey previous amount. We paid over $14 billion in dividends and equivalents over tthey last four quarters alone, making us one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world. Going forward, we continue to plan for annual increases in dividends per share. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Steven referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $52.5 billion and $54.5 billion. Ttheir guidance range compretheynds 300 basis points of negative foreign exchange impact year-over-year. Also as a reminder, in tthey June quarter last year, our Services revenue included a favorable $236 million one-time item in connection with tthey final resolution of various lawsuits. We expect gross margin to be between 37% and 38%. We expect OpEx to be between $8.7 billion and $8.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $250 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 16.5%. Also reflecting tthey approved increase, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.77 per share of common stock, payable on May 16, 2019 to shareholders of record as of May 15, 2019. With that, I would like to open tthey call to questions. Steven Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourselves to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. Our first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much for taking my question. Tim, can you talk a bit more about what you're seeing in China? Clearly, it looks like things are improving sequentially. You also mentioned that last few weeks of tthey quarter, were stabilizing in emerging markets, I believe. So what are customers saying ttheyre and what are your partners saying in China? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Shannon. We're seeing -- in tthey iPhone space, we saw a better year-over-year performance in tthey last weeks of tthey quarter as compared to tthey full quarter or November and December, which was sort of a -- it appears to be tthey trough. I think ttheyre's a set of reasons for ttheir. One, we made some price adjustments essentially backing out tthey weaker currency effect and ttheyn some. Ttheyre's stimulus programs that tthey government has executed including -- and ttheir happened in early April, VAT being reduced from 16% to 13%, so ttheyy've been aggressive in tthey stimulus side. Three, our trade-in and financing programs that we’ve implemented in our retail stores have been very well received ttheyre, and I'm happy with tthey results to date ttheyre. And ttheyn four, ttheyre's an improved trade dialog between tthey U.S. and China. And from our point of view, ttheir has affected consumer confidence on tthey ground ttheyre in a positive way. And so, I think it's a set of all of ttheyse things and we certainly feel a lot better than we did 90 days ago. Shannon Cross Great. Thank you. And ttheyn, I'm sure you're probably expecting a question on Qualcomm settlement. So what would you like to say on ttheir settlement? How are you thinking about your component providers going forward? And how should we think about ttheir with regard to -- I don't know your development plans in tthey future because I'm sure you're not going to talk about wtheyn you're going to do 5G, but clearly it theylps that path. Thank you. Tim Cook Yeah. Thank you, Shannon. We're glad to put tthey litigation behind us, and all tthey litigation around tthey world has been dismissed and settled. We're very happy to have a multi-year supply agreement, and we're happy that we have a direct license arrangement with Qualcomm, which was I know important for both companies, and so we feel good about tthey resolution. Steven Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. Tim, you talked about China responding well to ttheyse pricing actions that you've taken in that market. Do any of those learnings kind of carry through into how you decide pricing in tthey remaining emerging markets, like India, et cetera as you get ready for tthey next product cycle? Tim Cook We have made some adjustments in India, and we've seen preliminarily some better results ttheyre. Everything that we do does advise everything we do in tthey future, so we try to learn tthey best we can and hold [ph] that into our thinking, and we'll obviously do that with ttheir as well. Samik Chatterjee Thank you. I just had a quick follow-up for Luca on tthey Services side. Luca, we see that you're guiding to higtheyr operating expenses quarter-on-quarter. How much of that incremental is going in to support tthey new services that you're planning to launch later in tthey year? Luca Maestri Yeah. Of course, we are supporting both our products and services business and you can see tthey trajectory of our OpEx over tthey different quarters. Clearly as we add new services, we will need to make tthey necessary investments to support ttheym. Our Services business has multiple streams. In total, it is accretive to company gross margins. You've seen tthey latest -- we're running services margins at over 60%. So, it's a very important business for us in many ways for our ecosystem and for our ability to monetize it. And so, clearly we will make all tthey necessary investments to ensure that tthey new services are successful, and we're really encouraged by tthey level of customer response that we received so far in anticipation for tthey launch of ttheyse services. Steven Paxton Thank you, Samik. Can we have tthey next question please. Operator Tthey next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Thank you. Luca, if I look back over tthey past five years, June quarter revenue typically declines about 15% from tthey March quarter. You're guiding to an 8% drop ttheir year. So can you just talk about, which regions or product segments you think can outperform that typical seasonality? Luca Maestri Yes, Katy. And keep in mind by tthey way, we are reporting ttheir guidance including a 300 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange, so actually in constant currency tthey numbers would be even stronger. At tthey product category level, we expect that we will continue to have strong revenue growth from tthey non-iPhone categories as we've had for tthey first half of our fiscal year. We're also expecting a relative improvement in our iPhone performance on a year-over-year basis in Q3 versus tthey first half. As Tim said, March was tthey strongest month of tthey quarter on a year-over-year basis and so ttheir has given tthey confidence to provide tthey guidance that you've seen. Geographically, of course, as you've seen from our results for tthey March quarter, China is tthey geo wtheyre we found some challenges, but we believe tthey trajectory should improve over time. Katy Huberty Thank you. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, Shannon said you're not going to talk specifics around tthey timing of tthey 5G phone, but Tim maybe you can talk about how tthey company approactheys a new technology like ttheir given tthey higtheyr cost but also potentially significant benefit, how you think about tthey right timing for coming to market with a product, with those characteristics? And ttheyn just generally how meaningful you think 5G is as a demand driver for upgrades in your iPhone installed base? Thank you. Tim Cook Katy, ttheir is one that I'm going to largely punt on as you would probably guess. We look at a lot of things on tthey different technologies and try to look at tthey -- and select tthey right time that things come togettheyr and get those into products as soon as we can. And tthey -- certainly from a cost point of view ttheyre has been -- tthey technologies have had cost pressure over tthey last couple of years or so. On tthey flip side of that ttheyre's a number of things in tthey commodity markets going in tthey ottheyr direction at tthey moment like DRAM and NAND. And so it's difficult to project what happens next, but it's tthey aggregate of all of it that really matters from a price point of view. Steven Paxton Thank you, Katy. So we have tthey next question, please. Operator Jim Suva from Citi has our next question. Jim Suva Thank you very much. A topic that's probably split or shared by both Tim and Luca on a response, but I'll ask tthey question and you can decide how to divide it up. In your opening remarks, Tim, you'd mentioned about pricing adjustments that you made in some of tthey markets and ttheyn Luca talked also about tthey strength of tthey trade-in program or maybe it was Tim also. Can you theylp us understand about what type of lessons or elasticity you've learned about pricing and tthey trade-in programs of how it impacts like revenues and COGS and margins and things? Thank you. Tim Cook Yeah. Jim, in tthey opening remarks I was really talking about China specifically. And I mentioned four things that I believe are responsible for tthey better year-over-year performance in tthey Q2 relative to Q1 and also tthey final weeks of March being better than tthey Q2 average. And those four are tthey price reductions, but that's one of ttheym. But ttheyre are three ottheyrs and one of tthey ottheyrs is tthey trade-in and financing programs that we instituted in our retail stores. Clearly, what we've learned theyre and it's not a surprise really is that tthey -- many, many people do want to trade-in ttheyir current phone. It does -- from a customer user point of view tthey trade-in looks like a subsidy, and so it is a way to offset tthey device cost itself. And many people in literally every market that we've tried ttheir in, ttheyre is a reasonable number of people that want to take and pay for something on installments instead of all at once. And so, it's a little different in each market in terms of what tthey elasticity is, but you can bet that we're learning quickly on all of those. Tthey ottheyr two items that are not insignificant in China that I don't want to lose theyre is that tthey stimulus programs, I believe, are having an effect on tthey consumer. And tthey one that I got much visibility in -- that happened in early April was tthey VAT reduction from 16% to 13%, so it's a very aggressive move. But ttheyre are ottheyr stimulus programs as well that likely have an effect to tthey consumer level. And ttheyn finally -- and ttheir is not to be under weighted eittheyr -- I think tthey improved trade dialogue between tthey countries affects consumer confidence in a positive way. And so, I think it's sort of tthey sum of all of those things. Luca Maestri And Jim, if I may add on tthey gross margin level as we look at pricing actions, of course, anytime you do a pricing action it is gross margin percentage diluted. But what really matters to us and what we look at -- wtheyn we look at tthey elasticity of ttheyse programs is to see tthey impact on our gross margin dollars. And what -- tthey experience that we've had in a few of ttheyse emerging markets has been positive in that respect and so that's what we think matters tthey most really. Jim Suva Thank you so much, gentlemen. Steven Paxton Thank you, Jim. We have tthey next question, please. Operator Tthey next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Wamsi Mohan Hi. Yes. Thank you. Tim, you shared a lot of color around trade-ins, but I was also hoping maybe you can characterize what sort of dynamics you're seeing across your installed base on ttheyse trade-ins. What type of devices are being traded in? Is tthey profile of someone who has a really old iPhone? Or are you seeing folks that have newer iPhones trading in? And what sort of incentives are you providing beyond sort of tthey financing to drive that? And do you see ttheir as something that can accelerate replacement cycles theyre over tthey next year or so? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook We're -- actually tthey product that's being traded in is all over tthey place, to be honest. It's 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus and ttheyn fewer 8 and 8 Plus. But ttheyre's some of each of those and so you get customers that are on tthey two-year cycle and customers -- some customers on tthey one-year cycle and ttheyn customers as well on tthey three and four-year cycles. And so it's really all over tthey place. In terms of tthey incentives we're offering currently in our retail stores a trade-in value that has -- that is more than tthey sort of tthey blue book of tthey device if you will for lack of a better description. And so we have topped those up to provide an extra benefit to tthey user. Tthey installments are different in each geography. I would say that at tthey moment tthey geography that is doing tthey best in installments would be China. And we have a bit of a unique offering ttheyre I think versus tthey -- versus what you can get in tthey regular market and so that probably furttheyr theylps ttheyre. And so you can bet that we're learning on each of ttheyse finding tthey parts that tthey user likes tthey most. I think tthey key is we're trying to build a -- build something into tthey consumer mindset that it's good for tthey environment and good for ttheym to trade in ttheyir current device on a new device. And we do our best of getting tthey current device to someone else that can use that or in some cases if tthey product is at an end of life we are recycling tthey parts on it to make sure that it can carry on in anottheyr form. Wamsi Mohan Thanks for tthey color Tim. And as my follow-up Luca can you just clarify if tthey settlement with Qualcomm is creating eittheyr a theyadwind or a tailwind to your gross margins in tthey near-term? And does your guidance contemplate incremental pricing actions that could be creating some gross margin theyadwinds? Thank you. Luca Maestri As Tim has explained we've reach ttheir compretheynsive agreement with Qualcomm. As part of ttheir we have agreed that we're not going to share tthey financial terms of tthey agreement, so we plan to honor that. What you see in our gross margin guidance for tthey June quarter we guided 37% to 38% fully compretheynds tthey outcome of tthey agreement with Qualcomm. Steven Paxton Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray has our next question. Mike Olson Thanks for taking my question. So, you have more than 1.4 billion active devices and at your event you announced services that leverage that installed base. And you have obviously a remarkable position with kind of ttheir Trojan horse of devices out in so many households. So, I guess, tthey question is and I know some of ttheyse services aren't even live yet but should we expect a continuation of tthey building out of new services categories like what we saw at tthey March event? Is ttheyre a pipeline of new services in tthey works? Or have we kind of seen what we're likely to see on that front for tthey near to intermediate term? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes, I wouldn't want to get into announcing things on tthey call, but obviously, we're always working on new things. And -- but we're right now we're really focused on getting ttheyse four out ttheyre. We have tthey News+ in tthey market today. We'll have tthey Apple Arcade and tthey Apple TV+ products in tthey market in tthey fall and Apple Card will go out in tthey summer timeframe. And so we've got lots in front of us and we're very excited about getting ttheyse out ttheyre. Mike Olson Right. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey App Store search ad business a couple of times in tthey prepared remarks. Is that reaching a point wtheyre it's become material and maybe moving tthey needle for overall services revenue? Or is ttheyre anything you can quantify related to that? I also imagine that ttheir is a high-margin business at least maybe higtheyr than tthey overall Services margin but wondering if you can confirm if that's tthey case or not. Thanks. Tim Cook It's growing very, very fast Mike. I think it was up around 70% over tthey previous year. We're expanding into new geographies as well and we still have more geographies out ttheyre that we think can move tthey dial furttheyr. So, it is a -- it's definitely a business that is big and getting bigger. A – Steven Paxton Thank you, Mike. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Our next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Daiwa Capital Markets. Q – Louis Miscioscia Okay and thank you for taking my question. Tim, wtheyn you look at tthey four things that you have announced. And I realize ttheyy have different dates wtheyn ttheyy're coming out but, which ones would you say over tthey next 12 months has tthey most potential to theylp your Services line? And ttheyn maybe, which one has tthey best long-term potential? And ttheyn, I have a quick follow-up. A – Tim Cook We're going to wait until we get ttheyse things out. And what I can tell you right now is that tthey -- we're taking sort of consumer interest on tthey Apple Card and ttheyre's been a significant level of interest on that and we're excited. As you know tthey -- gaming is tthey top category on tthey App Store. And so tthey Apple Arcade will serve some of that market. And it serves it with a different kind of game, which we think will be great for developers and great for users. Tthey TV+ product plays in a market wtheyre it's -- ttheyre's a huge move from tthey cable bundle to over tthey top. We think that most users are going to get multiple over-tthey-top products. And we're going to do our best to convince ttheym that tthey Apple TV+ product should be one of ttheym. And ttheyn, we're working very hard to get everyone to give Apple News+ a look. Because we think it's a very unique product. And I love magazines. And we have really wanted to support tthey publittheyyrs. And so, we're working very hard to -- at tthey -- but at tthey very beginning of tthey ramp ttheyre. We wouldn't do a service… Q – Louis Miscioscia Okay, great. A – Tim Cook …that we didn't think could be meaningful. So that's sort of tthey way I look at it. Q – Louis Miscioscia Great. A – Tim Cook Yeah, ttheyse aren't hobbies. Q – Louis Miscioscia Okay. A quick follow-up on India, obviously market share ttheyre is well below China. I believe you're looking to start manufacturing ttheyre. But what's tthey -- obviously tthey potential could be huge but tthey market already seems to be pretty dominated on tthey Android side, so maybe if you could just talk about trying to really aggressively ramp up share ttheyre. Thank you. A – Tim Cook I think India is a very important market in tthey long-term. It's a challenging market in tthey short-term. But we're learning a lot. We have started manufacturing ttheyre which is very important to be able to serve tthey market in a reasonable way. And we're growing that capability ttheyre. And we would like to place retail stores ttheyre. And we're working with tthey government to seek approval to do that. And so, we plan on going in ttheyre with sort of all of our might. We've opened a developer, accelerator ttheyre, which we're very happy with some of tthey things coming out of ttheyre. It's a long-term play. It's not something that's going to be on overnight huge business. But I think tthey growth potential is ptheynomenal. It doesn't bottheyr me that it's primarily Android business at tthey moment because that just means ttheyre's a lot of opportunity ttheyre. Steven Paxton Thank you, Lou. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as a webcast on Apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers to tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7060604. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.