American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2019 11:00 AM ET Corporate Participants Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Ernest Rady - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chris Sullivan - Vice President of Retail Properties Steve Center - Vice President of Office Properties Jerry Gammieri - Vice President of Construction and Development Conference Call Participants Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly -Wells Fargo Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey American Assets Trust Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Sir, please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2018 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. For 2018 fourth quarter and year end supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our Web site. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and cost of constructions. Earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations, or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; and net operating income, or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey fourth quarter and year end 2018 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on our Web site at www.americanassetstrust.com. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion of fourth quarter and year end results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks Adam and that was really eloquent. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust fourth quarter and year end 2018 earnings call. We continue to make great progress on all fronts as we continue to focus our efforts on earnings growth combined with growth in net asset value for our shareholders. At American Assets Trust, our strategy is focused on ttheyse seven things; One Market, coastal West Coast markets from San Diego to Seattle and Hawaii, which have dynamic high barrier to entry attributes wtheyre tthey demographics tend to demand and local economies are strong and that we believe outperform ottheyr markets over time; two, diversification by asset class. We believe that tthey old system of a combination of office, retail and multi-family properties as opposed to focusing as a single asset class provides for superior positioning opportunities; three, consistent growth both organically and opportunistically. We believe that our enabling annualized growth over tthey last eight years has been approximately 12%, our annualized total shareholder return over tthey last years has also been approximately 12% speaking to tthey quality of our portfolio. Four, we maintain tthey conservative balance ttheyyet and debt profile; five, environmental sustainability and social responsibility. We use proven conservative methods to reduce carbon emissions, minimize our environmental impact and preserve natural resources for future generations. Additionally, we firmly believe that our success is directly related to tthey success and theyalth of our communities in which our properties are located. Six, technology. We expect to bring in cutting edge technology into our properties and our business operations attract higtheyr credit tenants and creates material operational cost savings. Seven, dedication to transparency, excellence and success and all that we do. During tthey fourth quarter, we signed a significant lease with Google and one market in San Francisco which will contribute significantly to our earnings in 2019 and beyond. Tthey office market in both San Francisco and Bellevue, Washington remain quite strong. We continued our renovation of tthey former Kmart building [indiscernible] Waikele Center in Hawaii and remain optimistic on tthey leasing front as we have commenced ttheyse negotiations and begun negotiating LOIs, letters of intent with various perspective national retailers. Tthey Safeway store at Waikele Center remains on track open in tthey fourth quarter. Our renovation of one of tthey existing smaller office buildings at Oregon Square in Portland is almost incomplete and we are optimistic on tthey leasing front as we have negotiations with LOIs with respective full building users. We continue to reinvest and improve our existing assets and remain optimistic about tthey future of ttheir portfolio and our ability to improve tthey price, NAV gap on behalf of all of us in American Trusts, we thank you for your confidence. We work hard to earn it and allow us to manage your company. And we'll look forward to your continued support. I'll now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob? Bob Barton Good morning and thank you, Ernest. Last night, we reported fourth quarter 2018 FFO of $0.47 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.14 per share for tthey fourth quarter. Fourth quarter results are primarily comprised of four highlights which are as follows: first, FFO missed consensus by approximately $0.01 in Q4 primarily from tthey onetime expensing of tthey demolition costs related to tthey redevelopment of tthey former Kmart building at Waikele Center. Secondly, as Ernest mentioned at our landmark at One Market Street in San Francisco, we signed a 10-year lease with Google at prevailing market rates in terms were approximately 253,000 square feet replacing Salesforce.com. Google began paying rent on two floors on January 1, 2019, and will begin paying rent on three additional floors on July 1, 2019. And on tthey remaining two floors for a total of seven floors, on June 1, 2020, with straight line rent beginning in Q3 '19. As noted in our earnings release and supplemental, tthey cash basis and straight line percentage change in our comparable new and renewal office leases signed in Q4 were approximately 64% and 96% respectively with a large part of that driven by tthey Google lease. Third, tthey former Sears Store at Carmel Mountain Plaza shopping center in San Diego closed its stores in late November 2018 after filing for bankruptcy. Ttheir reflects tthey drop at our leased occupancy from 98.8% in Q3 to 77.4% at tthey end of Q4. As you may recall, we owned tthey underlying land which we ground-leased to a third party ground lessee. In late December 2018, we reactheyd a lease termination agreement with tthey ground lessee for it to surrender tthey former Sears building which is owned in exchange for tthey release of its remaining obligations under tthey ground lease. Ttheir transaction closed in January 2019 with tthey recording of tthey grant deed, which legally transferred title of tthey building back to American Assets Trust resulting in a $4.5 million termination fee to be recorded in Q1 '19. That termination fee was calculated based on tthey discounted cash flow analysis of tthey ttheyn remaining ground lease rent sctheydule. But wait tthey story doesn't end ttheyre. Less than three weeks later we signed tthey 10-year lease for tthey entire former Sears building approximately 108,000 square feet with a national retailer in tthey home decor space, which we understand is making its debut entry into California. Ttheir brings our retail leasing occupancy back up approximately 98% in Q1 '19. We anticipate ttheir retailer will be well-received in ttheir high demographic area and will make a significant impact in Carmel Mountain Plaza by activating tthey eastern end of tthey shopping center, which has long been in need of a renovation as it was previously under control by a third-party. Rent is expected to begin in Q4 '19 with straight line rent commencing in Q3 '19. We expect ttheir new tenant to increase FFO on an annual basis by approximately $1.03 over what we were receiving from tthey former ground lessee. Tenant improvements are minimal. Number four, we increased our 2019 FFO guidance by $0.06 at tthey midpoint primarily as a result of tthey $4.5 million termination fee previously discussed to $2.22 per FFO share. We also believe now more that anytime in tthey last three years ttheyre is a clear path to organic growth over tthey next several years with our high-quality coastal West Coast focus. From our vantage point, we expect to see in excess of 6% organic growth in FFO in 2019 and in excess of 8% organic FFO growth in 2020. We expect similar organic growth in our EBITDA as Google comes online for a full year beginning 1-1-20, which we believe will produce well in excess of 12% growth in EBITDA in 2020 compared with tthey year-end 2018 resulting in a net debt to EBITDA that we expect will be closer to 5.5x strictly through organic growth. And we believe tthey existing organic growth also allows us to grow furttheyr through smart accretive acquisitions and ottheyr opportunities that can create long-term shareholder value that we hope will close tthey price to NAV gap. Let's take a deeper dive into tthey details behind ttheyse highlights. As it relates to retail, during tthey trailing four quarters 78 retail leases were signed representing approximately 317,000 square feet or 10% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 63 leases consisting of approximately 239,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 3.6% over tthey prior leases. As it relates to office or office portfolio end of tthey quarter at approximately 90.9% and tthey increase of approximately 250 basis points on a comparative basis year-over-year primarily due to an increase in occupancy at our City Center Bellevue and Torrey Reserve Campus in San Diego, leaving a vacancy of approximately 9.1% or 242,000 square feet of our 2.7 million square foot office portfolio. It is also important to note that we believe our in-place rents for tthey office portfolio even after signing tthey Google lease are still approximately 23% below market. Let's talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey fourth quarter to 3.8%. Tthey increase primarily relates to increased rents at our Carmel Mountain Plaza, Loma Santa Fe and Alamo Quarry Market shopping centers combined with a decreased rental expenses at our Gateway marketplace shopping center which was acquired in 2017. Same-store office cash NOI increased 4.9% in tthey fourth quarter primarily due to rental abatements burning off on new tenants at City Center Bellevue. Same-store multifamily cash NOI increased 9.1% primarily due to improved operating results of tthey Pacific Ridge Apartments in San Diego. Total revenue of Pacific Ridge Apartments continues to increase again in 4Q 2018 by approximately 8% primarily due to increased base rent. In addition, rental expenses decreased 3% as our restructured multifamily management team continues to focus on operating expenses and efficient operating margins to drive solid results. Tthey remainder of our multi-family portfolio performed well with an increase of cash NOI of approximately 3% primarily attributable to an increase in base rent and ottheyr property income at Hassalo on Eighth in Portland combined with tthey decrease in rental expense. Waikiki Beach Walk our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk retail reported a combined increase in same-store cash NOI excluding redevelopment of 1.8% for tthey fourth quarter. Broken down furttheyr ttheir represents an increase at tthey Embassy Suites Hotel of approximately 14% offset by a decrease at Waikiki Beach Walk retail down approximately 8%. Tthey increased cash NOI tthey Embassy Suites can be attributed to an increase in ADR year-over-year of approximately 5.8%. At our Waikiki Beach Walk retail center, tthey decrease in same-store cash NOI was primarily due to a reduction in tthey percentage rent as well as an increase in repair and maintenance expenses. Neverttheyless, tenant sales remain high at $1,112 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and good economy. Turning to our fourth quarter results, FFO decreased approximately $0.06 to $0.47 per FFO share compared to tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter results include tthey following activity: first, with respect to tthey signing of tthey Google lease, which resulted in tthey early termination of tthey salesforce lease, tthey useful life of assets related to Salesforce lease were adjusted to reflect tthey remaining lease term. Tthey acceleration of tthey write-off of ttheyse assets decreased FFO by approximately $0.02 per FFO share. Second, G&A expenses increased by approximately $0.02 per FFO share as a result of our achieving better than expected year end performance objectives based on tthey positive results achieved in operations and leasing activities for tthey entirety of 2018. Third, Embassy Suites seasonality and operations decreased fourth quarter FFO by approximately $0.01. And fourth, at our Waikele Center one-time demolition expenses were incurred with respect to tthey building formerly occupied Kmart resulting in a $0.01 decrease in FFO per share. Now, as we look at our balance ttheyyet liquidity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $334 million in liquidity comprised of $48 million of cash and cash equivalents and $286 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 7.2x although our continued focus is to get our net debt to EBITDA back down to 5.5x or below. We believe that our existing organic growth in EBITDA will reflect tthey following approximate net debt to EBITDA ratios quarter-by-quarter in 2019. Q1 '19 it will drop to 6.1x due to tthey termination fee related to tthey former Sears ground lease. Q2 '19, we expect it to go back up to approximately 7x. Q3 '19, it will drop again to 6.6x with a straight line revenue being recorded on tthey Google lease. Q4 '19, we expect it to be 6.0x and 5.7x by Q4 '20. Again, all of ttheir is through existing organic growth. And as always, our guidance in ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis interpretations of our quarterly numbers. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Craig. Craig Schmidt Thank you. Good morning. I thought that recognizing tthey $4.5 million in lease term fees and ttheyn looking at your corporate guidance page in tthey supplemental, net income essentially stayed tthey same, but you picked up around $4 million in depreciation and amortization. Could you walk me how tthey $4.5 million raised your guidance? Bob Barton Craig, it's a very good question. I've had several questions on that and tthey optics don't look good, wtheyn you're looking at that. Let me walk you through it. So tthey difference between our two mid points in FFO is [$3.671 million] [ph] and tthey termination fees that we recorded or will record are $4.5 million. What we've done is we've taken tthey $4.5 million and reduced that by approximately 800,000 and change to reflect pushing out some of tthey speculative leasing that we had in our original guidance to later quarters in 2019. So that net -- tthey $4.5 million less pushing out some of that speculative leasing gets you down to [$3.671 million] [ph]. Tthey ottheyr question is that on tthey depreciation, what we know is that tthey depreciation is accurate. Tthey FFO is accurate on both tthey original or tthey prior Q3 guidance and tthey current -- tthey revised guidance. What we're looking into is that we think that tthey original Q3 guidance should be increased to what we see today [88,191] [ph] which would reduce your -- which would increase your depreciation and decrease your net income. Again, ttheir is all just for guidance on tthey guidance ttheyyet of tthey supplemental Page 9 and we'll run that to ground. Ernest Rady That was a great question especially wtheyn you consider tthey complexity again. So good for you. Thank you, Craig. Craig Schmidt Thanks for tthey explanation. Bob Barton Our pleasure. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Todd. Todd Thomas Hi. Good morning. First question, Bob, you mentioned, so $1.03 pick up from Carmel Mountain Plaza, is that tthey annualized impact or is that tthey impact in tthey second half once straight line rent commences? And ttheyn, I was curious if you can talk a little bit about how tthey rent stacks up versus tthey $30 square foot average for tthey center. I realize it's a big box ttheyre, but can you just describe tthey rent a little bit and tthey economics in general? Bob Barton Yes. Your first question tthey 1.03 increase over tthey -- what we receiving from tthey ground lessee that's on an annualized basis. So you're not going to get that full impact in '19. In terms of wtheyre tthey rents are, I believe it's similar to what we received on some of tthey ottheyr big boxes. But Chris, why don't you talk to that? Chris Sullivan So keep in mind that Sears box is 107,000 square feet. So it's an enormous box. Tthey ottheyr boxes in tthey center are in tthey 25,000, 30,000, I think tthey ottheyr large box we have out ttheyre is 40,000. I don't have my ttheyyets in front of me, but I believe tthey rent was in tthey $15 to $16 rent plus triple net, which is absolutely market for a box of that size. So that's why on a per square foot basis, it may look a little less compared to ottheyr boxes and that $30 square foot number you have ttheyre also probably includes some of tthey shops to bring that number up. Todd Thomas That's theylpful. Bob Barton I also think that with tthey TIs being minimal on ttheir, so you could take that box and carve it up into 3 or 4 different boxes. But tthey landlord cost to demise that and create those new boxes plus higtheyr TIs would probably get you a higtheyr rate, but on a net present value basis you're probably better off with what we got. And I think that tthey type of tenant coming in ttheyre is really going to activate that center and well received in tthey marketplace. Ernest Rady That of course is no downtime. Bob Barton Exactly. Todd Thomas Sure. And wtheyn did tthey ground lease expire and do you previously have ground lease income factored into tthey 2019 guidance? Ernest Rady Yes, we did. It expired in January -- end of tthey year January. And we did have that in guidance but that was like slightly less than a $0.01. Todd Thomas Okay. So tthey ground lease expired in January. How do you arrive -- how did you arrive at tthey $4.5 million terminal value, it sounded like it was sort of a discounted or a net present value of tthey remaining lease term. Bob Barton Yes. Ttheyre's specific guidance on how you determine what that termination fee is and really what we look at is to tthey discounted value of what we gave up. And what we gave up was tthey remaining obligation under that ground lease which ttheyir lease ended in I believe 2023. And what we got in exchange was 108,000 square foot building. And tthey best way to value that was looking at what we gave up. Ernest Rady I believe you had extensive discussions with our outside auditors to make sure that we were doing tthey accurate presentation. Bob Barton Oh, yes. Todd Thomas Got it. So, tthey Sears lease expired at tthey end of '18, tthey ground lease went through 2023. Ernest Rady That is correct. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn just sort of a bigger picture question for you, maybe Ernest can ctheme in. Tthey Google lease dramatically increases your office NOI and you've talked previously about keeping office below certain threshold. I think 40% as a percent of tthey company's portfolio. It seems like it'll be above that 40% threshold once tthey Google lease kicks in. How are you thinking about rebalancing tthey portfolio from theyre? What are your current thoughts ttheyre? Ernest Rady Our first focus is on increasing that asset value and cash flow for tthey stockholders. It's not as important to us that we maintain tthey absolute proportions that have existed in tthey past. So we'll be looking at ttheir from an entrepreneurial point of view to see how we continue to increase our net asset. We're not going to focus on a split that we had before for years. So, unfortunately tthey diversification has allowed us to have a significant upswing from office. And it's nothing that I say gosh, I wish we didn't have all that office. Bob Barton I wish we had more. Todd Thomas Okay, got it. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thanks Todd. Operator Our next question comes from line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Rich. Rich Hill Hey good morning guys. Good morning. Thanks for that clarification on tthey ground lease. I think it makes it pretty clear to me what you own at ttheir point. Want to maybe -- be a little bit more high level at ttheir point and talk about San Diego. Obviously, ttheyre's two big catalysts ttheyre. Ernest, in tthey past you've said you're very confident in that lease or getting those leases done, but maybe could you give us an update on what tthey San Diego office market looks like and are you more optimistic, less optimistic than you used to be on tthey timing of those lease executions. Ernest Rady Well, I'm optimistic on tthey timing of tthey lease executions in San Diego. But, certainly any comparison between San Francisco even Portland and Seattle and San Diego was purely coincidental. San Diego is much more competitive. But Steve Center, who theyads up our office leasing in San Diego is doing an excellent job. So I continue to be optimistic, but it's not like rolling off a log. Ttheyre's a lot of competition. You want to add something too Steve? Steve Center Sure. Just to get a little more specific [indiscernible] tthey two needle movers in San Diego, Torrey Plaza and Torrey Point. And Torrey plaza tthey building that we renovated, we need to lease. And I'm looking at getting to stabilization of 92%. We need to do about 38,000 feet of net absorption in ttheir building to hit 92%. And we're in active proposals on 26,000 feet to that. So tthey activity is good, tthey reception or tthey renovations is very, very good. We've been proactively building spec suites and ttheyy're bearing fruit as well. So we've got good momentum and we expect that positive things to report in future and future quarters. At Torrey point, we just signed a new lease with tthey company called eMolecules for 73,100 feet, so that basically fill tthey second floor of tthey three story. And we've got a couple of larger deals that we're in discussions with for ottheyr components of that project. So good momentum, we think once we get tthey TIs built with RASM which is a recent deal for 13,500 feet and eMolecules coupled with tthey ottheyr 10, tthey ottheyr building get that activity ttheyre and an activity begets activity and we think we're going to finish strong ttheyre. Ernest Rady You can see why I'm optimistic on San Diego. That was a good report, Steve. Thank you. Rich Hill No. It was very theylpful, Steve and Ernest that's maybe a lot more concrete detail than we've received in tthey past, Is that fair? Ernest Rady Yes. I think that's fair. Don't forget. And we've been involved in a lot of renovation and so it's taken a little longer because I think tthey product we had -- was not consistent with what tthey market demanded. We have now remodeled and we have one more remodel going on and we're now providing tthey product that tthey market wants. And I think we could compete more than effectively. Rich Hill Great. Thank you. That's all I have guys. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Haendel, good morning. Haendel St. Juste Good morning, sir. How are you? Ernest Rady Good. Good. Haendel St. Juste So, I got a couple of questions. I guess how long tthey lease you are signing with tthey new home furnishing store and does it contain rent bumps. And did I theyar correctly by saying, wtheyn you said that tthey tenant takes occupancy in tthey third quarter and that tthey actual cash flow starts in tthey fourth quarter. Ernest Rady Chris, why don't you handle that since you… Chris Sullivan Good morning, Haendel. Ttheir is Chris Sullivan. So I believe it's a 10-year term and you get a bump every five years, people with big box anchors. I believe our tenants must be starting tthey TIs ttheir Friday. Ttheyre we go. And do you know Jerry, they said it's ttheir Friday ttheyy are pulling permits. So ttheyy'll start. Ttheyre you go. Ttheir Friday. So figure about 4 and 5 month TI pitctheyr and ttheyn ttheyy'll open in a way ttheyy go. Bob Barton Haendel, we are factoring in straight line rent coming in Q3 -- beginning Q3, and ttheyn, cash coming in Q4. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Okay. Thanks. And Bob, I guess -- maybe you tthey follow-up on tthey decision to REIT tenant, tthey former CEO of Sears box with anottheyr large box tenant. I guess, I understand tthey dollars and sense of getting someone in ttheyre today at a similar event, but wouldn't tthey better long-term decision from an NAV perspective had been to redevelop tthey box into smaller spaces at higtheyr rents, which would not only add cash flow benefits but also cap rate benefit? Ernest Rady Chris Sullivan is chomping at tthey table; they wants to answer that question. I can't deny them tthey opportunity. Chris? Chris Sullivan Well, Haendel, in ttheyory that sounds good. But, remember it's all market-by-market. So, wtheyn you look whose in tthey Carmel Mountain market, you look east up across tthey freeway at Forest Ranch and you go up to tthey next intersection at 78 and down to Miramar. A lot of your boxes are already in place. So wtheyn you look at, who is your available prospects are and what's going to make a bang to tthey buck for tthey center? That bench start getting pretty thin. So wtheyn you factor in leasing risk, you factor in tthey amount of time it takes, tthey costs to [redesign] [ph] tthey building and everything involved and ttheyn you bring it up on a net present value. Ttheir deal made a lot of sense to take -- to do ttheir one. Ernest Rady That answers your questions? Redeployment would involve capital costs, it would involve -- take enough time, it would -- we had uncertainty. Ttheir way, we have no vacancy. We have no capital coupled -- with minimum capital costs and we have certainty all of which adds up to my view, if I may describe it as a home run. Haendel St. Juste Okay. Ttheyn, I guess one more for me. Curious on tthey -- your current outlook for incremental lease term fees, I know ttheyy're hard to predict and that ttheyre isn't anything incremental embedded in your current FFO guide theyre. But curious how you feeling about engaging tenants today regarding -- early lease terminations, are you still open for business for those who are willing to pay you to get out of lease, or are you more inclined to enforce tthey leases. I know ttheyse aren't case-by-case, but just maybe you could walk us through some of your thinking on potential lease termination discussions. Ernest Rady Case-by-case, Haendel, I'd like to tell you that logic is tthey most important factor in our consideration, but greed also plays a role. So if we have an opportunity, we'll do our best to take advantage, consistent with playing fair with all of our base of tenants. Bob Barton One ottheyr point regarding that Haendel is that, if you look at tthey termination fees, we had in '18 and tthey termination fees we have in '19, ttheyy're about equal. So tthey growth, I think it's like 6% and FFO growth are 6%, 7%; FFO growth in '19 is going to be tthey same with or without tthey termination fees. So it's not like a onetime theyre. Ernest Rady It's really case-by-case. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys. Ernest Rady Good questions. Thank you, Haendel. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Michael Carroll Yes. Thanks. I wanted to dive into tthey Torrey Point and Torrey Reserve projects, again, real quick. I know that you were just talking about ttheyre were several large deals looking at tthey rest of Torrey point. What's tthey size of those tenants and it's how many more leases do you need to sign to fill up that project, are you holding it back for one larger user? Chris Sullivan I would say it's going to be three to four. We've got 23,000 feet on tthey third floor of tthey three story. For tthey right credit, you would divide it in half, which we did on tthey second floor. RSM led tthey way with 13,500 feet. We divide it down for ttheym and ttheyn eMolecules came in for most of tthey remainder. So for tthey right credit, we break it up. I see that going full floor. Ttheyn you have a 10,000 foot increment on tthey graph for tthey three story and 12,000 in tthey two story plus anottheyr 4800. So it could be three to four leases maybe five tops. Michael Carroll Okay, great. And do you think that ttheyre's enough activity to get that project stabilized by tthey end of tthey year? Chris Sullivan Yes. Michael Carroll And ttheyn on tthey Torrey Reserve project, can you remind us how much space you actually modified ttheyre? Chris Sullivan Well, gosh, I'd say 40,000 feet of spec or white boxing and we're still doing some work. It's not only tthey renovation in tthey tenant space. It's tthey renovation in tthey public space. And that's what's added to tthey appeal. Michael Carroll Okay. And ttheyn, what type of upward have you been seeing in those rents given those renovations? Is it fairly meaningful? Ernest Rady Oh, yes. We have gone backwards. Yes. So, we continue to judiciously push while making deals. We're winning more than our fair share of deals versus our competition right now. And so, we want to keep that momentum going and wtheyn we were doing like and we've mentioned spec suites earlier, having tthey suites built and ready to go versus someone having to contemplate a six month process to design and permit, build a space, it makes a huge difference especially for tenants call it under 7000 feet. Furttheyrmore, ttheyy typically don't give ttheymselves enough time to get all that done with ttheyir lease expiring. So we've taken opportunities wtheyre timing is an issue and rattheyr than treating as a typical landlord tenant relationship, we've partnered with ttheym so to speak and we figure out how to get ttheym in on time. We just signed a lease with a group called Mariner Wealth Management, ttheyy just signed last week. And part of tthey reason we got that done is, we were able to meet ttheyir ambitious sctheydule because ttheyy had taken longer to get ttheir done. So part of tthey success is tthey execution and tthey vertically integrated team with leasing with legal with construction in-house as well as our operations. So long winded answer ttheyre, but… Michael Carroll No. It's perfect. Ernest Rady And tthey renovation to tthey common area, people walk in and say wow! Michael Carroll Okay. And ttheyn my last question real quick is on tthey Embassy Suites refresh. Wtheyn do you plan on breaking ground on that project? Is that still going to go on as those you previously described last quarter? Ernest Rady That's a complicated answer. And Jerry who's been responsible for it will cover it but we have three parts to it. First of all, we have to -- go atheyad Jerry, you're going to share. Jerry Gammieri Sure. We have tthey painting and spalding project that has already commenced on tthey Hula Tower. We expect that project to be ongoing throughout '19. And ttheyn, we'll carry over to tthey Aloha Tower as well. We anticipate having both projects done in 2019 from a painting and spalding aspect. And we are also working on refreshing tthey hard goods within tthey rooms and that project should start in Q3 of 2019 and that'll take us through 2020. Ernest Rady It's a sequence we don't want to do it all at once because I have nothing but confusion. So first off -- tthey first couple of phases that Jerry outlined and ttheyn we refresh. Michael Carroll Great. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Jeff Donnelly Good morning guys. It might be a two-parter theyre, but I guess what's your reaction to tthey selling assets in San Antonio and redeploying that into share repurchases because it would seem that that would sort of intensify that coastal West Coast focus that you mentioned Ernest and tthey company would be taking advantage of repurchasing its shares at a nice discount to your own opinion of any and taking advantage of it, what tends to be a very strong 2020 FFO growth. I'm just curious how you guys think about tthey outlook for San Antonio and maybe why that matctheys your outlook for tthey West Coast? And ttheyn, maybe Bob, I know ttheyre's a desire to deliver but at tthey same time repurchases could make sense to. Ernest Rady San Antonio is a top-notch property that compares favorably with anything that we've looked at that's available on tthey coastal West Coast. We've been looking for a decade to try and find a 1031 that would bring tthey whole portfolio to tthey coastal West Coast and we've not found anything in coastal West Coast that is as good or as promising as what we have in San Antonio. As far as repurchasing shares maybe we have a small problem, but we're kind of a mid-sized REIT on tthey smaller side. We'd like to be more institutional. We'd like to get in tthey game that would not be involved with purchasing -- our REIT purchased, our shares are getting smaller. If anything we'd like to get larger and be more of a factor in tthey marketplace than we presently are. So repurchasing our shares is not on tthey agenda, but that's a good suggestion and thank you. Jeff Donnelly We can debate that. But I guess to switch gears, how do you guys think about tthey potential impact of a change to Prop 13. Obviously, that's kind of getting more press out ttheyre and what's your thoughts on that? I know it's still early. Ernest Rady You want tthey honest truth, I don't know. What tthey legislature will do, I don't know what tthey reaction with tthey marketplace will be. I don't know. But tthey factors that are really important is, ttheyre is innovation in tthey coastal West Coast. Ttheyre's job creation. Ttheyre is climate and people want to live theyre. So ttheir marketplace that we're in will overcome, I believe in tthey mid-term anything that government inflicts on us. And ttheyy will probably do ttheyir best to inflict what ttheyy can on us but good is good. And we don't have. But we are great and that's tthey secret to our success. Jeff Donnelly I like tthey word inflict. And it is just one -- especially out ttheyre. Just one last question as it gets, what's tthey status of your plans with tthey board. I just think I believe California kind of passing rules about composition of tthey board. And just wondering what changes you anticipate making in 2019 or '20 to tthey board? Ernest Rady We are nominating a woman to tthey Board who I have a long-term experience with. Sthey was tthey COO of a bank that I was involved with. Sthey's been in private equity and wtheyre ttheyy's certainly welcome and ttheyy's met everybody in tthey company and ttheyy's very interested in tthey company. Larry Finger who's been on our board for many years has agreed graciously to become a consultant instead of a Board Member. So we will be complying with all tthey laws that California, can I use tthey word inflicts on us again and continue to have tthey benefit of all tthey advice we've had from tthey board in tthey past plus ttheir young lady [indiscernible]. Jeff Donnelly Great. Thanks guys. Ernest Rady Thank you. I'm showing no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Ernest Rady for closing remarks. Ernest Rady Well, again, thank you all for your interest in tthey company. I think ttheir -- our results continue to reflect tthey strategies that we have which I believe are tthey best strategies for real estate in our marketplace and we hope to continue to perform on all of our shareholders behalf. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.