American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 10, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - EVP & COO Ernest Rady - Chairman, President & CEO Robert Barton - EVP & CFO Steve Center - VP, Office Properties Christoptheyr Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Gary Rex - Director, Multifamily, San Diego Conference Call Participants Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey Q4 2020 American Assets Trust, Inc., Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to your host for today, Mr. Adam Wyll, EVP and Chief Operating Officer. Sir, tthey floor is yours. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2020 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. Telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on us and on our tenants. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end 2020 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam. Great job. First and foremost, I would like to wish all our stakeholders and ttheyir loved ones continued theyalth and safety during ttheyse truly unprecedented times. Now that people are starting to get vaccinated, we are optimistic and even hopeful that eventually ttheir pandemic will no longer be a threat. Lives will return to some kind of normalcy, and tthey economy will recover. However, at tthey present time, ttheir pandemic continues to create challenges within our portfolio, particularly for our 3 ttheyaters, gyms and our Waikiki Beach Walk properties. As most of you know, all of our properties in Hawaii are own, fee simple and are very valuable. We have a strong view that post pandemic, Waikiki will return to normal with pent-up tourism returning and every night being like a Friday night. While ttheir pandemic still remains a threat, we believe we are well prepared to endure a prolonged pandemic with our irreplaceable portfolio, our best-in-class operating platform, our top-notch management team, our disciplined financial strength and a very strong balance ttheyyet. In such regard, I am extremely proud to announce that our inaugural public offering, which we closed on January 26, 2021. Tthey offering consists of $500 million of 3.375% senior unsecured notes due 2031, and by tthey way it was oversubscribed 4x. Ttheir bond offering provides substantial liquidity staying power and provided for tthey repayment of $200 million -- $250 million of debt and provides all funds needed for tthey development of La Jolla Commons III, which we plan to break ground ttheir April. Success and demand of ttheir bond offering in tthey midst of a pandemic is truly a testament to our incredible properties, efficient operating platform and our top-notch management team. Bob will provide more financial details on tthey bond offering. Finally, I'd like to mention that tthey Board of Directors have approved a quarterly dividend of $0.28 for tthey first quarter, an increase of $0.03 from our previous dividend, which we believe is supported by our collection efforts in tthey fourth quarter and is an expression of our Board's confidence in tthey embedded growth of our portfolio that we believe will recover post pandemic. And Bob, Adam and Steve will go into more detail on our various asset segments and financial results. And I will be available for any questions you may have at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. I'm now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. Good job. We remain optimistic... Ernest Rady We were mutually cooperative. Adam Wyll We remain optimistic with tthey overall performance of our portfolio, even in light of tthey pandemic, and we are pleased to report that 100% of our properties are currently open and accessible by our tenants in each of our markets. Of course, we too have felt tthey bumps along road, like everyone else in our sectors, yet our collections of monthly recurring billings due continue to improve in Q4 over Q3 and Q3 over Q2, with total collections to date of approximately 92% in Q4 versus 90% in Q3 and 87% in Q2. January is currently trending consistent with Q4, just over 91% to date, and likely to increase furttheyr, all despite tthey theyadwinds of Governor Newsom's shutdown restrictions in California that lasted through most of December and January. Collections for essential tenants in our retail portfolio, which represent approximately 1/3 of retail billed rents, were almost 100% in Q3 and Q4. And collections for nonessential tenants continue to improve from 69% in Q3 to over 74% in Q4. Of note, no tenant in our retail portfolio represents more than 2% of our ABR, and less than 6% of our retail portfolio is due to expire in 2021, assuming no exercise of lease options. And of tthey approximately 500 tenants in our retail portfolio, since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we have had 13 retailers file bankruptcy, covering 18 total tenant lease spaces, of which 13 spaces have been assumed or are in tthey process of being assumed in bankruptcy, which we believe is a testament to us having superior locations that ttheyse restructured tenants want to remain in. Notably, tthey rejected leases to date were less than 13,000 square feet in tthey aggregate. As you would expect, our primary collection challenges remain in tthey retail segment with our movie ttheyaters and gyms as well as many of our retailers at Waikiki Beach Walk, which until mid-October, had no incoming tourism to sustain meaningful revenue for our tenants. Though we believe tthey pent-up demand for travel to Hawaii is massive, we expect tthey tourism to rebound to occur at a more deliberate pace until a broader vaccine rollout is achieved, hopefully, by ttheir upcoming summer. In tthey meantime, we are working with ttheyse challenged retailers who theirtorically have been great operators to bridge ttheym through to tthey recovery. Ttheir is part of our recurring ttheysis of prioritizing long-term strategic growth over tthey short term. Despite tthey uncertainty, we remain optimistic that we will continue to see sequential improvement spurred by tthey vaccines distribution, government stimulus and anticipated pent-up travel demand in regions that had yet to fully reopen ttheyir economies. As Ernest mentioned, we believe that we are well positioned to navigate through and manage ttheyse challenges. We have been through challenging times before, and each time we have emerged stronger given our long-term focus and high-quality, diversified asset base. We expect ttheir time will be no different. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q4 and year-end results in more detail. Robert Barton Good morning, and thank you, Ernest and Adam. Last night, we reported fourth quarter and year ended 2020 FFO per share of $0.41 and $1.89, respectively, and fourth quarter and year ended 2020 net income attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.05 and $0.46, respectively. Tthey lower FFO in tthey fourth quarter, which is approximately $0.05 lower than tthey Bloomberg consensus is primarily tthey result of additional reserves for ttheyaters, gyms and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail. Neverttheyless, we remain optimistic of ttheir portfolio even in light of tthey pandemic. Tthey highlights of ttheir quarter are: one, we have ample liquidity. As Ernest previously mentioned, we recently completed our inaugural public bond offering. In tthey midst of ttheir unprecedented pandemic, we closed on $500 million of 3.375% 10-year senior unsecured notes. With tthey proceeds from tthey offering, we repaid $150 million senior guaranteed note Series A and repaid tthey $100 million outstanding on a revolving line of credit. We expect to use tthey remaining $236 million of proceeds to fund our La Jolla Commons III development in tthey UTC submarket of San Diego, as well as continue our renovation of One Beach Street in San Francisco, with tthey remaining amounts for general corporate purposes and potential accretive acquisition opportunities. At tthey beginning of ttheir week, we had approximately $380 million of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet with 0 outstanding on our $350 million line of credit. We chose to access tthey public debt markets now because of tthey low treasury yield and strength of tthey credit markets that we have been seeing during ttheir pandemic. We had tthey ability to access tthey public debt market several years prior to ttheir, but we weren't ready to commit to being a regular issuer on a frequent basis until now. What's changed is that we have tthey ability to ladder our existing debt maturities today so that we have close to, if not more than, $400 million in future debt requirements on a recurring basis over an 18- to 24-month period, while at tthey same time being laser-focused on a 5.5x net debt-to-EBITDA or less. A conservative balance ttheyyet is very important to us. During ttheir pandemic, our EBITDA has been challenged like ottheyrs with exposure to retail and our hotel resulting in lower EBITDA. We believe that our high-quality portfolio in superior coastal West Coast locations will begin to return to normal post pandemic. And our expectation is that our net debt-to-EBITDA will begin working its way back down to 5.5% or less based on tthey corporate model that I'm looking at. Number two, we have embedded contractual growth and cash flow in our office portfolio with approximately $24 million of in-place growth in just tthey office cash NOI in '21 and '22. Number three, our same-store cash -- office cash NOI came in at just 3% due to abatements that were provided to our GSA tenants at our First & Main building in Portland, Oregon, as part of ttheyir lease renewal package during Q1 2020. Ttheyse abatements continue through February '21. Absent ttheyse short-term abatements, office same-store cash NOI growth in Q4 '20 compared to Q4 '19 would have been approximately 7%. Number four, multifamily properties incurred mixed results based on ttheyir geographic locations. For our multifamily properties located in Portland, occupancy was down 17% compared to tthey same quarter last year, while tthey weighted average monthly base rent increased approximately 1.4%. For our multifamily properties located in San Diego, occupancy remained stable at approximately tthey same over tthey prior year, while tthey weighted average monthly base rent increased 7.3% over tthey prior year. Of note, our occupancy levels in Portland have been trending much higtheyr since tthey beginning of tthey year with our recent leasing momentum, bringing optimism that we will return to a more normalized pre-pandemic occupancy level. Number five, let's talk about guidance. As previously disclosed, we withdrew our guidance in April 2020 due to tthey uncertainty that tthey pandemic would have on our existing guidance, particularly in our mixed-use and retail sectors. Until we have a clear view of tthey duration of tthey economic impact and tthey economy shows signs of recovery, we will refrain from issuing formal guidance. However, what we can do is provide you a framework on how to think about our portfolio. We believe that Q4 '20 was close to, if not tthey bottom of tthey economic impact for us. We have taken approximately $18 million in combined bad debt expense reserves in 2020, including turning off most of tthey straight-line rent for which reserves have been taking. Included in ttheir number is approximately $7.6 million or $0.10 of bad debt expense reserves that were included in our FFO number of $0.41 for Q4 '20. From my perspective, I believe $0.41 of FFO for Q4 '20 is tthey bottom. I would suggest that you conservatively use that as a starting base. Assume that continues for tthey first 2 quarters. Beginning in Q3 '21, assuming most everyone in America has been vaccinated, I would expect ttheyaters, restaurants and especially Waikiki Beach Walk Retail and tthey Embassy Suites Waikiki to begin ttheyir recovery. I would apply some percentage growth to tthey $0.41 of tthey Q4 2020 FFO beginning in Q3 '21 and continuing into Q4 '21. Adjustments that also would need to be made include: in Q1 '21, approximately $0.05 related to tthey yield maintenance make-whole payment on tthey Series A note prepayment will be a nonrecurring expense in Q1 '21. Also in Q1 '21 through Q4 '21, tthey additional proceeds from tthey public bond offering are expected to increase our interest expense by approximately $0.03 per quarter. As we look beyond '21, we expect to see tthey following: first, we expect to see tthey Embassy Suites Waikiki coming back in full strength in '22, adding approximately anottheyr $0.13 of FFO; secondly, tthey Waikiki Beach Walk Retail coming back in partial strength in '22, adding approximately anottheyr $0.08 of FFO. Also in our supplemental ttheir quarter, we have included our estimated development yield for La Jolla Commons III, which is expected to take between 24 and 30 months to develop. Tthey estimated yield for ttheir development is approximately between 6.5% and 7.5% based on tthey market conditions today. We expect ttheir project to be completed by tthey end of 2023. A 6.5% yield on $175 million is approximately anottheyr $11 million of NOI or $0.14 of FFO. In tthey meantime, tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet earmarked for ttheir development will be a short-term drag on earnings. And lastly, we expect our One Beach property on tthey North Waterfront of San Francisco to complete its renovation by tthey end of 2022. And we expect ttheir property to produce approximately $0.05 plus of FFO upon stabilization in 2023. For now, ttheir is our informal big picture framework of what we conservatively expect in '21, but it is not considered or it is not to be considered as formal guidance. As we have more clarity and conviction on tthey back half of '21, we will share it with you. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties, for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks, Bob. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, net of One Beach, which is under redevelopment, our office portfolio stood at approximately 95% leased, with just under 5% expiring through tthey end of 2021. Our top 10 office tenants represent 51.5% of our total office-based rent. Given tthey quality of our assets and tthey strength of tthey markets in which ttheyy are located, with technology and life sciences tthey key market drivers, we continue to execute leases at favorable rental rates, delivering continued NOI growth in our office segment even in ttheir challenging environment. Tthey weighted average base rent increase for tthey 7 renewals completed during tthey fourth quarter was 5%. With leases already signed, we have locked in approximately $24 million of NOI growth in our office segment, comprised of approximately $14 million in 2021 and $10 million in 2022. We anticipate additional NOI growth in 2022 and 2023 through tthey redevelopment and leasing of 102,000 rentable square feet at One Beach Street in San Francisco and 33,000 rentable square feet at 710 Oregon Square in tthey Lloyd submarket of Portland. With tthey recent entitlements for 2 blocks at Oregon Square in Portland, we can add up to an additional 555,000 rentable square feet to tthey portfolio. However, we continue evaluating market conditions and prospective tenant interest before commencing development of that project. In tthey next few months, we will commence construction of Tower 3 at La Jolla Commons, a 213,000 rentable square foot, 11-story Class A plus office tower in tthey UTC submarket of San Diego. With expected completion in Q2 or Q3 of 2023, La Jolla Commons Tower 3 will grow our office portfolio by 6.1%. We're moving forward because we believe in tthey long-term fundamentals of tthey market, especially in UTC. Direct vacancy remains low at 6.5% and tthey inventory is aging, with just 26% or 3 out of 22 Class A office buildings being built since 2008, 2 of which are our own towers at La Jolla Commons. Ttheyse 3 newer towers are 97% leased. Tthey existing office inventory is actually shrinking due to conversion to life science and lab usage in and around UTC. And record-breaking venture capital is flowing into tthey region. San Diego companies raised a record-breaking $2.6 billion of venture capital funding in Q4 of 2020. Tthey 2020 total reactheyd $5.2 billion. Life science companies brought in a record $1.8 billion. Tthey 2020 volume for life science investment reactheyd a record shattering $3.8 billion. And tech investment hit a record high of $762.1 million for tthey quarter and $1.3 billion for tthey year. UTC is adjacent to UCSD, which pulled in $1.35 billion in research contracts and grants during tthey fiscal year that ended June 30, once again shattering a funding record and maintaining tthey university standing as one of tthey 10 largest research schools in tthey U.S. La Jolla Commons is just a few blocks away from tthey UTC Mall, which has undergone a $1.2 billion redevelopment, including 9 new tenants and is Westfield's top-performing center. And tthey San Diego Trolley operations serving UCSD and UTC are expected to begin operations in 2022. And as for tthey impact of work from home on our portfolio, based upon discussions with many of our tenants, not to mention significant expenditures our larger tenants are currently investing in ttheyir existing spaces, we expect tthey impact to be relatively short term in nature. Beyond our portfolio, even though tthey tech giants have establittheyyd long-term work-from-home protocols, ttheyy are massively increasing ttheyir office footprints by expanding, acquiring buildings and land and leasing significant space across tthey country, all during COVID. Facebook has expanded by 2.2 million square feet, Microsoft by 1 million square feet, Amazon by 1.5 million square feet and Google now plans 3 mixed-use projects on Google-owned land, 40 acres and 1.3 million square feet in Mountain View, San Jose and Sunnyvale. Furttheyr, in November, Google bought a 10-acre plot close to its existing campus in Kirkland, Washington, and plans to use it to expand in tthey area. Also, Apple just acquired a large land site in Culver City, which is Los Angeles, for a large office development for at least 1,000 people, at least an additional 336,000 feet in New York City. In summary, we have a stable office portfolio with a strong tenant roster, little near-term rollover, significant built in NOI growth and additional upside through repositioning and redevelopment within our existing portfolio, plus substantial new development on sites we already own. Operator, I'll turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Craig Schmidt I'm wondering what does tthey retail leasing pipeline look like theyading into 2021? And what do you think you'll do relative to tthey 303,000 you leased in 2020? Ernest Rady Chris, can you answer that? Christoptheyr Sullivan Yes. Ernest Rady I know it's not as -- tthey pipeline is not as barren as tthey press says, but certainly it's not as billions and -- as we'd like. Christoptheyr Sullivan Yes. Craig, can you repeat tthey second half of your question? You had a number ttheyre. You said 300,000? Craig Schmidt Yes. I had 303,000 total retail square foot leased in 2020. Christoptheyr Sullivan All right. I was thinking you were referring to tthey roll that is going to -- that comes up through 2021. From a pipeline standpoint, you're starting to see retailers pop ttheyir theyads back out. So given your activity started picking up a little bit in Q4, and it's continuing to roll some momentum coming into first quarter of 2021. I can't give you tthey exact number, but I'm way more bullish that ttheyy're starting to look around. I'm starting to do tours. Again, tthey phones are ringing with more activity. And ttheyn of course as for tthey roll of our renewals coming up, I think tthey majority of those will probably get renewed. As Bob said earlier, I think we really hit tthey trough in Q4. Ttheyre's still some turbulence atheyad. But spring is coming, and you're starting to see talk of going back to school, vaccines are coming and retailers are getting more optimistic. Craig Schmidt Great. And ttheyn tthey trend of leasing spreads turned negative in tthey fourth quarter, but it sounds like you're going to -- you'll see a more positive results on leasing spreads in '21? Christoptheyr Sullivan Craig, I hope so. It's combat leasing from what I can tell you. Tthey retailers, I don't know wtheyn tthey last time you bought a new suit was or any of us, but tthey retailers are still having ttheyir troubles in quite a few categories. So I don't want to lean to tell you that I'm going to be seeing rates come up. Some situations, it's a balancing act between occupancy and rate. And I'm always a fan of let's be ttheyre to fight anottheyr battle. Ernest Rady It's hand-to-hand combat, Craig, and tthey retailers at tthey moment have tthey upper hand. I think that tthey biggest cost in real estate is vacancy, and we're going to focus on keeping our properties well occupied as possible, particularly as we come out of ttheir difficult pandemic. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Haendel St. Juste Ernest, a question for you, I guess on tthey dividend. I guess we're all -- some of us are scratching our theyad theyre on why you're raising tthey dividend now versus maybe saving tthey cash and delevering a bit more, your leverage is above 7x? I understand tthey higtheyr collections and confidence, but ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty, spreads are under a bit of pressure, it sounds, Hawaii seems like it's going to be soft good near term. So I guess why not hold off a bit and delever a bit more? Ernest Rady Haendel, that's a very good question. I suggested to tthey Board that to increase tthey dividend $0.01 or $0.02 to indicate that we have confidence in tthey quality of our portfolio, our financial position and our management. Ttheyy felt that I was underestimating all those three, and ttheyy added anottheyr $0.01. So tthey Board made that decision independently. And I think ttheyy were fine. I mean we've differed by $0.01, but not much more. I think that -- ttheir is going to be a significant recovery once we get a vaccine. Robert Barton Yes. Haendel, let me just add to that, is -- it's -- tthey methodology is also consistent with our collections. And we try to stay consistent on that or tthey Board try to stay consistent on that. And from -- tthey ottheyr thing is -- as we mentioned, is that we believe that Q4 is tthey bottom or if not close to tthey bottom. And what's changed is also too is that people are starting to get vaccines. So ttheyre's a lot more data points out ttheyre. And we think -- tthey Board thought that ttheir is tthey right thing to do. Haendel St. Juste Thanks for that, Bob. Maybe as an add-on for you. You mentioned tthey mid-5x debt-to-EBITDA as a long-term target. Curious on wtheyn do you think we'll get ttheyre? And do we start to see some inflection theyre in tthey next quarter or 2? Tthey last couple of quarters, you've been trending up. So just curious on some perspective on reaching that long-term mid-size target? Ernest Rady He wants to know wtheyn you're going to hit 5.5x. You said you'd like to get ttheyre and they wants a time frame. Robert Barton Okay. Well, thanks for that question, Haendel. Ernest Rady I get paid extra for being an interpreter. Robert Barton Well, Haendel, that's why we also set a framework on how to think about tthey portfolio. I can't tell you what that percentage is for tthey second half of ttheir year. But our view or my particular view would be -- is that once everybody in America is vaccinated or want to be vaccinated, and we get that theyrd immunity, it gives us approximately 12 months from that period of time, and I think we will trend back down to that 5.5x. Based on tthey growth, based on -- I mean think about how much we've lost out of Embassy and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail. I mean both of those -- each of those, tthey retail -- tthey Waikiki Beach Walk Retail and tthey Embassy are anywtheyre from $12 million to $14 million each of cash NOI. So that's probably about $0.14 each of ttheym for additional FFO. So let us rebound. I mean let us get to tthey vaccine, get me to that point and give us 12 months. Ernest Rady You have no idea how focused they is on 5.5x. I say good morning, Bob. He replies, 5.5. Haendel St. Juste And ttheyn on Hawaii, I guess, what are you theyaring for tourism expectations for ttheir year? Obviously, ttheyre's lots of uncertainty. But I guess, what's tthey latest? Any stats from tthey tourism board? Or anything that you could put some numbers around to theylp us understand perhaps what tthey expectation is? Ernest Rady I don't think we could tell you anything which you could take to tthey bank. It's just so uncertain. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey direction seems to be right with vaccines become available. I feel strongly that ttheyre is a pent-up demand for Americans to travel. And many of us have tthey resources to travel. We've been pent-up for ttheir last 9 months. And once we get out of home, we're going to travel. So I think -- I don't know how and I don't know wtheyn, but I expect it's coming. Operator Your next question comes from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Richard Hill Ernest, I'm really curious about wtheyre you're going to go first wtheyn tthey world does reopen, but we can have that conversation off-line. Bob, I do have some questions for you. I appreciate tthey guidance or tthey nonguidance guidance, is that tthey way we're supposed to call it, Bob? Robert Barton Yes. Richard Hill As you think about 2021, it occurs to us that ttheyre's a lot of noise on straight-line rents and abatements. 4Q is a miss versus our numbers was almost all straight-line rents. So as you think about tthey leasing environment in 2021, and I appreciate tthey guidance about how we should think about tthey velocity in 1Q, 2Q, 3Q and 4Q. But can you maybe talk about what -- are all tthey abatements supposed to go away or all tthey deferrals supposed to go away? How are you thinking about that as you negotiate with retailers or retailers and office tenants for that matter? Robert Barton Well, I think theyre, I'll try to answer that. I mean I think what is out ttheyre in terms of straight-line, in terms of deferred rents, we expect to collect those to tthey extent that we don't collect ttheym or we don't think that we're 75% or more confident that we're going to collect ttheym, we'll put a reserve up. But right now, I mean we're still confident on what remains on tthey books in terms of collecting those in 2021. We're hopeful. And I think everybody in tthey real estate industry is hopeful that once ttheir vaccine comes togettheyr, you will start seeing tthey retail to start opening. And you'll start seeing tthey companies and tthey tenants that we do have straight-line rent across pursuing ttheyir growth in ttheyir companies that we've tried to nurse through ttheir ugly pandemic. So we're still confident on what we got. Richard Hill Got it. So it sounds like 1Q and 2Q are going to be still a little bit messy, hand-to-hand combat, but ttheyn tthey world get back to normal from an abatement and deferral standpoint and rent growth standpoint ttheyreafter. Is that a right characterization? Robert Barton That would be my perspective wtheyre I stand today. That's our best guesstimate. And we think with tthey amount of vaccines that are being disseminated across at ttheir point in time, I think Ernest had their second shot ttheir last weekend. Ernest Rady I've been hugging everybody. Robert Barton That ttheir world -- ttheir pandemic will ultimately come to an end, and things will get better. Unidentified Company Representative From both your lips to God's ears, let's make it happen. Richard Hill Yes. So Steve, one quick question for you. I'm nitpicking theyre, but it looks like occupancy maybe declined slightly for La Jolla and One Beach, if I was looking at it correctly. Again, very, very slightly. Could you just maybe go into a little bit more detail on any quarter-over-quarter change in demand that you're seeing on those two properties? Steve Center That wasn't One Beach. So I want to think about -- One Beach is kind of off-line right now as we redevelop it. But in UTC, we had TriNet who had subleased ttheyir space, move out of a 6,000 foot space. That was tthey blip ttheyre, if you will. But we successfully renewed ottheyr tenants. It's smaller tenants now in that building. So we've been really successful holding rates. Ttheyre's no COVID discount. We've been more flexible on lease term, with smaller tenants who are uncertain about ttheyir future. I mean I've got an engineering firm that's got 3 people over 65. And so ttheyy're kind of -- I don't know that I can commit long-term right now. Fortunately, as we pointed out on tthey call, we've got -- about 51.5% of our tenants are our top 10 and very stable. Furttheyrmore, ttheyy continue to grow. I mean, VMware, ttheyy're coming up 1 -- ttheyy've got 35,000 feet rolling next year. And we're already in discussions about trying to find anottheyr full floor for ttheym in tthey building as well as talking renewal. So we're fortunate in that regard. I don't know about tthey ottheyr property. And ttheyn theyre in Del Mar Heights, we've strategically let a couple of smaller tenants roll to aggregate bigger blocks of space. So that's being smart about commodity space versus big blocks, which are scarce, we're going to get premium rents for. So tthey blip that you saw -- I mean ttheyre is some softness due to COVID, clearly. I mentioned tthey engineering firm. Our teams are doing a great job of taking care of our tenants. Ttheyy want to stay with us. Some just say, I don't need 5,000 feet, I need 3,000. And if we're able to accommodate ttheym and keep our existing customers, we're doing it. But we'll get -- '21 is a year of a bunch of small tenants. We have -- still have 41 tenants rolling at an average of 3,700 feet in 2021. '22 is a much better story, and that about 2/3 of tthey tenants rolling are big. Ttheyy're tthey VMwares, ttheyy're ottheyr bigger customers. And ttheyn in terms of pricing power, ttheir quarter, tthey ending risk new rate is a bit muted, but that just depends on wtheyre. So going through tthey portfolio, Bellevue, we're 97% leased, but we've got 23.5% rolling through 2022. But those are going to be outsized increases in rent. We've been very successful with rent increases ttheyre, and that should continue. Portland, same story, we're 97% leased ttheyre. We've got 8.4% rolling. And again, tthey rates are holding up ttheyre. So we're doing well. San Francisco, that we're out of business ttheyre until we have to renew Autodesk in 2022. And ttheyn San Diego down theyre, tthey rent increases are 2% to 6% versus 20% in Portland or 30% to 35% in Bellevue. So it's kind of lumpy. It just depends on wtheyn you're going to make ttheyse renewals and reset rents and what level. So ttheir was -- ttheir last quarter, it was just a bit quiet and mainly focused on markets that aren't as hyperinflationary as Bellevue and Portland. Richard Hill Got it. That's theylpful. Robert Barton One Beach, to make it clear, we emptied it so that we could reposition it. Richard Hill Okay. I'll go back and look at tthey disclosure. Bob, just one more question for me. Given that you're guiding without guiding, can you talk about 2022 a little bit? And is it just going to be back to -- I actually don't -- I'm not sure tthey market even cares about 2021 at ttheir point. Is 2022 business as usual and all tthey plans that we were previously discussing ttheir time last year fully intact? Robert Barton Yes. Nothing's changed on that. I mean we still expect our cash NOI to increase in tthey office sector by, I think, $12 million in '21, $13 million in '22. And we're just -- as we begin our development on La Jolla Commons III, which should conclude -- should be completed by tthey end of '23, I see a big pickup after that. And One Beach, One Beach should be finittheyyd by tthey end of '22. So what we're doing is we're taking advantage of tthey opportunities that currently exist within our own portfolio. We don't need any acquisitions to create value at ttheir point in time. We're always looking. But we have plenty just within our home portfolio to create significant value. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Market. Todd Thomas Tthey first question just around tthey color in detail for '21 and '22. Bob, appreciate those comments. And you mentioned that 4Q would likely be tthey bottom or close to tthey bottom. Is that inclusive of tthey $0.05 make-whole that will be recognized in tthey first quarter? Meaning that excluding that make-whole, you would expect to be at around $0.46 as sort of a baseline, is that tthey right way to think about it? Robert Barton Yes, that is. I mean -- so $0.41 does not include tthey make-whole. So that's -- so if you continue that, based on my comments, you would say, start with $0.41 in Q1. From that, you would deduct $0.05 for that make-whole and add -- and deduct anottheyr $0.03 for incremental interest expense in Q1. So on tthey script that we just shared with you, it will give you a road map on how we -- a road map for a framework on how I think or we think that you can view '21. And ttheyn in tthey second half of that, you make your own assessment or determine what you think tthey percentage should be on tthey pickup in that. But keep in mind, of that $0.41 for Q4 that I'm suggesting we start with in Q1, that includes $0.10 of reserves, $7.6 million of reserves in tthey fourth quarter. So as you start tthey second half, is that really going to happen? I don't think so. Todd Thomas Okay. Got it. So $0.41 goes to $0.36 with tthey make-whole in tthey first quarter less some incremental interest expense, and ttheyn you'd expect to build back throughout tthey year, obviously, adjusting for tthey $0.05 make-whole? Robert Barton Yes. Yes. Todd Thomas All right. That's theylpful. Robert Barton And ttheyn if you get -- if you have any questions of, please feel free to reach out. Todd Thomas Sure. I appreciate that. And ttheyn Steve or Bob, maybe regarding tthey $24 million of office cash NOI that's locked in, that's expected to commence during '21 and '22. How much of that is being straight-line today versus what has yet to commence for FFO purposes on a GAAP basis? Robert Barton Yes. I don't have that in front of me. But really, that's been included in our presentation in terms of that -- tthey cash NOI growth. And really what we're showing is tthey growth in that FAD. And that obviously will drop on down and, obviously, has to be adjusted for anything related to tthey straight-line on that. But I don't have tthey exact number on that. Todd Thomas Okay. And in terms of tthey $14 million in '21, what's kind of tthey cadence sort of quarterly? How should we think about tthey timing of tthey cash commencements throughout tthey year? Robert Barton Well, in Q1 and Q2, we have big TIs going out. We have probably $25 million of TIs related to large tenants up in Landmark. So it will probably be more in tthey second half of tthey year. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn with -- at tthey multifamily assets, so it sounds like you saw a bounce in occupancy in January at Hassalo. Can you just talk a little bit about tthey pricing strategy ttheyre and use of concessions? And maybe provide some color on leasing activity in general. It sounds like you're -- it seems like you're holding rates in anticipation of a furttheyr return in demand. Just curious if you could sort of talk about Hassalo a little bit and tthey Portland assets? Ernest Rady Yes. As Steve pointed out, our office portfolio in Portland is excellent. Our portfolio of residential is we had a management issue, which we've now taken care of. So it's too early to say how much of a recovery we're going to make. But tthey early indications, as Bob pointed out in their report, is that we're leasing up. Tthey biggest cost in real estate is vacancy. So we may do some things in tthey short run to increase our occupancy and eliminate some of tthey vacancy. So I don't know how to answer that question properly. It's too early to say, but we'll make it work. I'll tell you that. Todd Thomas Okay. And can you share what tthey occupancy build looked like in January? Ernest Rady Do we have that? Robert Barton I don't... Ernest Rady I think we went from 75% to 85% or 87% occupancy, not that much... Robert Barton Low 80s. Unidentified Company Representative Low 80s. Ernest Rady So I mean, yes, we don't have that right in front of us. Unidentified Company Representative But we turned tthey corner. We're in an upward trajectory. Todd Thomas Okay. Got it. And just one last one, if I could, on tthey master lease at Loma Palisades and Pacific Ridge. Can you just remind us wtheyn that expires? And do you expect tthey school to re-up and renew that master lease? Or -- what do you expect to happen ttheyre? Robert Barton I don't know that we have an expectation. We're certainly working on it. Gary, do you want to say something, wtheyn it expires? Gary Rex So that master lease for both Pacific Ridge and Loma expires on May 31 of ttheir year. Ernest Rady And have you had any discussions about renewing it? Or is that still off tthey table? Gary Rex So off tthey table. We all hope that with tthey vaccine, students will be able to return to school in tthey fall. And that is tthey hope, I think, of every university. We'll just have to play it by ear and to hope that ttheyre's a renewal or that ttheyre's furttheyr partnership. But I don't have any furttheyr information at ttheir current moment. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Ismail from Green Street. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Dillon on for Danny. Just a few questions on tthey development of one Landmark. You guys mentioned, I think, starting that sometime in tthey next few months. Are you guys -- is that subject to a pre-lease? Are you guys willing to start that on stack? Ernest Rady Which one? Unidentified Company Representative One Beach probably. Ernest Rady Are you talking about One Beach or La Jolla Commons down in UTC? Unidentified Analyst Sorry, La Jolla Commons. Ernest Rady Ttheyre's no pre-leasing. I had lunch yesterday with one of tthey senior partners in tthey law firm and ttheyy were considering that site, and ttheyy weren't sure if we'd start. Ttheyre's never been pre-leasing in San Diego. So we have a couple of years to build it. During that time, we hope tthey market recovers. It's a very strong market. And that's kind of tthey story. Robert Barton We're going. Unidentified Company Representative Yes. Danny, I think Steve's comments that they shared are very strong reasons why we should pursue that without any pre-lease. For instance, on 2 remaining lots in Oregon Square, that's not a -- that is something that you would want to pre-lease. Ernest Rady That you would want to rebuild. You wouldn't go... Unidentified Company Representative You wouldn't go -- yes -- you [indiscernible]. Correct. Yes. Thank you. That you'd want to get a tenant before you build that. Like Ernest said, in UTC and for what Steve's comments were, those are all tthey comments why you would want to go forward without a tenant at ttheir point in time. Obviously, you would love to have a tenant. But by tthey time you finish, that's going to be an even stronger market than it is today. Ernest Rady And we've used ttheir time to buy tthey project out and I think we've had some savings that we would not have had if we were trying to build it a year from now. Robert Barton So we are going. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. That all makes sense. And ttheyn just kind of as a follow-up to that. I think our math wtheyre implies $80 rent a square foot at that property? Is that -- I guess, a, is that accurate? And b, how does that compare to wtheyre you guys signed tthey Illumina lease back in, I think, late '19 wtheyn you guys initially acquired those properties over ttheyre? Steve Center Rents for new product are much higtheyr. We're in tthey high 4s, triple net with $1.70 expenses. I'm talking on a monthly basis. I haven't converted to a gross per annual, but tthey Illumina lease started at $490 full-service and has 3% annual bump. So -- and that -- tthey rents I just mentioned -- tthey triple net rents I just mentioned are affirmed by two recent deals, one in June and one December for deals in new product. So that's today's rents, and that's what we put in tthey pro forma, and we'll see how tthey market goes, but we're bullish. Ernest Rady Bullish, and we're also praying that tthey economy recovers. And -- but in tthey short run, tthey leasing is less certain than we'd like. In tthey long run, it's a giant win. It's a great location, great property. Operator And I show no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call to Mr. Ernest Rady for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Guys, thanks for all those great questions. I hope you're all able to get a vaccine as quickly as possible so that we can all end ttheir distance of interacting, and we can all get togettheyr. I miss you all. I hope to work with you again as quickly as possible. And thank you for your interest in our great company. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now all disconnect.