American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President and General Counsel Ernest Rady - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chris Sullivan - Vice President of Retail Properties Jerry Gammieri - Vice President of Construction and Development Joe Rex - Director of Multifamily, San Diego Analysts Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Drew Smith - KeyBanc Capital Markets.  Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2018 American Assets Trust Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. You may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. For 2018 third quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our Web site. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and cost of constructions. Earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations, or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; and net operating income, or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey second quarter of 2018 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on tthey company's Web site at www.americanassetstrust.com. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion of third quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam, and good morning everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust third quarter 2018 earnings call. We continue to make good progress on all fronts as we continue to focus our efforts on earnings growth combined with growth in net asset value for our stockholders. Tthey company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.28 per share for tthey quarterly period ended December 31, 2018, which is approximately a 4% increase over tthey prior quarterly dividend. Tthey dividend will be paid on December 27, 2018 to stockholders of record December 30, 2018. I'm going to keep my introductory comments short since Bob is going to introduce our 2019 guidance, which will focus on tthey [billion stream] [ph] of our very high quality coastal West Coast high barrier to entry portfolio. Again, on behalf of all of us of America Assets Trust, we thank for your confidence and allowing us to manage your company and we look forward to your continued support. And now, I will turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob, take it away please. Bob Barton Good morning and thank you, Ernest. Last night we reported third quarter 2018 FFO of $0.53 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.22 per share for tthey third quarter. Third quarter results are primarily comprised of five highlights which are as follows. Number one, FFO exceeded consensus by approximately $0.03 in Q3 primarily from A) Approximately $0.01 from retail, B) Approximately $0.01 from office and C) Approximately $0.01 from multi-family. Number two, our cash basis releasing spreads for retail were approximately 18% in Q3 and 10% for tthey trailing 4 quarters. For office, cash basis releasing spreads were approximately 11% in Q3 and 12% for tthey trailing 4 quarters. Straight-line basis releasing spreads are even higtheyr. Number three, we increased tthey 2018 guidance by $0.01 at tthey midpoint as a result of Q3 results and our expectations for Q4. Number four, as Ernest mentioned, we've increased tthey quarterly dividend by a $0.01 per share beginning on December 27, 2018 to stockholders of record as of December 30, 2018 approximately a 4% increase. And number five, 2019 guidance range midpoint of $2.16 is approximately a 3% increase over tthey revised 2018 guidance midpoint. However, excluding 2018 non-recurring termination fees of approximately $3.9 million in tthey second quarter, tthey 2019 guidance midpoint would be approximately a 6% increase over 2018 at tthey revised midpoint. Let's take a deeper dive into tthey details behind ttheyse highlights. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 98.5% leased, combined with tthey higtheyst annualized base rents amongst our peers. On a year-over-year basis, our retail occupancy was up approximately 154 basis points from tthey third quarter of 2017 leaving approximately 44,600 square feet vacant in our 3 million plus square foot retail portfolio. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 91.4% lease, an increase of approximately 145 basis points on a year-over-year basis primarily due to tthey reclassification of Oregon Square into construction and progress as of January 1, 2018. Combined with an increase in occupancy at tthey newly constructed Torrey Point in San Diego, and our Torrey reserve campus in San Diego leaving a vacancy of approximately 8.6% or 229,000 square feet of our 2.6 million square foot office portfolio. Let's talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey third quarter to 5.2%. Tthey increase primarily relates to increased rents at our Loma Santa Fe Plaza, Solana Beach Town Center and Alamo Quarry shopping centers. Combined with tthey incremental NOI from tthey acquisition of tthey Forever 21 building in Q3 '17 at our Del Monte center on tthey Monterey Peninsula. We owned tthey land and acquired tthey building at Del Monte center that we did know in Q3 '17. Tthey incremental NOI from tthey Forever 21 building is approximately 109 basis points. Absent tthey Forever 21 building, tthey same-store NOI is still a theyalthy 4.1%. Same-store office cash NOI decreased 3% in tthey third quarter primarily due to tthey following; number one, at City Center Bellevue, cash NOI is lower on a year-over-year basis as a result of rent abatements associated with tthey five floors that were released in Q1 2018. CCB or City Center Bellevue is approximately 97% leased today and we expect to see tthey increased cash NOI beginning in late Q4 '18. Number two, at Lloyd District, cash NOI is lower in Q3 primarily due to tthey termination of tthey Family Care lease for which we received tthey termination fee in Q2. However, concurrent with tthey family care termination, a new lease agreement was entered into with Genentech for tthey space previously occupied by family care at higtheyr rents. Tenant improvements are currently underway and are expected to be completed in late 1Q '19. Tthey lease will commence upon completion of TI's wtheyn Genentech takes possession of tthey space. Tthey decrease in office cash NOI described above are partially offset by base rent increases at both landmark and One Beach. Same-store multi-family cash NOI increased 9.3% primarily due to improved operating results at Pacific Ridge, which was originally acquired in Q2 2017, and is included for tthey first time in same-store results for Q3 '18. Rental expenses at Pacific Ridge decreased by approximately 23% which can be mainly attributed to improved operations including significantly lower bad debt expense combined with increased efficiency of staff by doing more with less theyadcount and elimination of third-party management fees. In addition Pacific Ridge's total revenue increased approximately 5% primarily due to increased base rent. Tthey remainder of multi-portfolio performed well with an increase of cash NOI for approximately 3% primarily attributable to tthey renovation of tthey 21 units at Loma Palisades that came back on line in tthey beginning of 2018. Waikiki Beach Walk or mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel in Waikiki Beach Walk retail reported a combined decrease and same-store cash NOI of 4.3% for tthey third quarter. Broken down furttheyr ttheir represents tthey Embassy Suites Hotel down approximately 4.9% and Waikiki Beach Walk retail down about 3.5%. Embassy Suites was impacted primarily from a lower ADR year-over-year combined with significant increase in real estate taxes. At our Waikiki Beach Walk retail property, tthey decrease in same-store cash NOI was primarily due to a reduction in percentage rent as well as a reduction in parking revenues. Neverttheyless, tenant sales remain high at $1,107 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months. As our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and good economy. Turning to our third quarter results FFO decreased approximately $0.05 to$0. 53 per FFO share compared to tthey second quarter. Tthey third quarter results include tthey following activity. Number one, we had one time termination fees recorded in 2Q '18 decreased which decreased FFO by approximately $0.05 per FFO share. Number two, at our Waikele property, tthey Kmart lease terminated at tthey end of 2Q '18 contributing to a decrease in FFO from tthey Waikele property of approximately $0.02 per FFO share. And third, our Embassy Suites seasonality and operations increased third quarter FFO by approximately $0.01. And number four, straight line rent revenues increased third quarter FFO by approximately $0.01 primarily due to new leases signed at Torrey Reserve, Torrey Point and City Center Bellevue. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet liquidity at tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had approximately $384 million in liquidity comprised of $56 million of cash and cash equivalents of [Technical Difficulty] availability on our line of credit. Our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.5x although our continued focus is to get our net debt to EBITDA back down to a 5.5x or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.7x. Let's move on and discuss our updated 2018 guidance. We are revising our guidance for our full year 2018 FFO per share to a range of $2.09 to $2.11 per FFO share with tthey revised midpoint of $2.10 per share from our guidance of $2.05 to $2.10 per FFO share that had a prior midpoint of $2.08. Tthey increase in our midpoint of approximately $0.02 is primarily attributable to tthey improved NOI performance from all three sectors of retail, office and multi-family. Let's begin our talk about our 2019 guidance. We are introducing our 2019 FFO per share guidance range of $2.12 to $2.20 per share with a midpoint of $2.16 per share which is approximately a 3% increase in FFO over tthey revised 2018 midpoint or an increase of approximately 6% excluding non-recurring termination fees received in 2Q '18 that totaled approximately $3.9 million or $0.06 of FFO per share. Let me walk you through what makes up our 2019 guidance. Same-store guidance includes tthey following; number one, same-store retail cash NOI is expected to remain relatively flat for 2019; number 2, same-store office cash NOI is expected to decrease approximately $1.6% or approximately $0.02 of FFO. Ttheir is primarily due to Genentech at Lloyd district not commencing paying cash rents until late in Q4 2019, after tthey burn-off of rent abatements though we expect to begin recognizing revenues in tthey second quarter of 2019. Number three, same-store multi-family is expected to increase approximately 2.5% or $0.01 per FFO share. Our non same-store guidance includes tthey following four properties. Number four would be Waikele Center in Hawaii which we have already demolittheyyd a former Kmart building during Q3 and our working with prospective tenants as we rebuild that building. Tthey loss of rent in 2019 compared to 2018 at Waikele is expected to reduce FFO by approximately $0.05 per FFO share. Redevelopment is not expected to be finittheyyd until late Q4 2020. Number five, our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites combined with Waikiki Beach Walk retail will be taken out of same-store metrics in 2019 due to tthey exterior painting and spalling repair that is expected to take all of 2019 combined with tthey room refresh that we do approximately every five to seven years to maintain a high level customer experience that keeps us embassy suites as tthey number one performing Embassy Suites in tthey world. Spalling is something that is common and done every 20 years or so. It refers to tthey cracking below tthey concrete service of balconies that could cost slabs of material to spall off. Tthey moisture from tthey ocean air can also impact tthey spalling. We expect ttheir will reduce FFO approximately $0.05 per FFO share. Six is Oregon Square, which will continue to be at tthey same-store metrics in 2019. We are currently in tthey process of renovating one of tthey existing concrete buildings on tthey site into creative office space that we hope to get leased up in 2019. Oregon square will have no impact on 2019 FFO. Number seven, Torrey point in San Diego is expected to increase FFO by approximately a $0.01 of FFO per share with tthey ongoing lease up of that property. Tthey property is currently approximately 32% leased and for guidance purposes we have expected approximately one half of tthey remaining 62,000 square feet to be leased in 2019. Number eight, G&A is expected to increase to approximately $22.8 million, which will decrease FFO by approximately $0.01 per FFO share. Number nine, interest expense is expected to increase by approximately $1.3 million and reduce FFO by approximately $0.02 cents per FFO share due to A) Refinancing our existing $100 million term loan that matures at tthey beginning of 2019 at a higtheyr rate. B) Additional usage on our existing line of credit in 2019. C) Reduction of interest being capitalized. D) Reduction in interest expense related to mortgage debt that was or will be repaid in 2018 and those expected to be repaid in 2019. Number 10, 2019 straight line revenue adjustments in tthey office portfolio are expected to increase FFO by approximately $12.2 million or $0.19 cents per FFO share as follows; A) At our landmark in One Market Street building, we are cautiously optimistic with existing and prospective leasing activity and we believe that it is more likely than not that such activity as landmark will ultimately increase FFO by approximately $0.08 per FFO share in 2019. B) Our City Center Bellevue building in Bellevue Washington is expected to increase that straight line revenue in 2019 that will increase FFO by approximately $0.05 per FFO share. C). Our Lloyd Center tower in tthey Lloyd district of Portland, Oregon is expected to increase its straight line revenue that will increase FFO by approximately $0.04 per FFO share. And D) Our Torrey Reserve campus in San Diego is expected to increase straight line revenue that will increase FFO by approximately $0.02 per FFO share. Ttheyse adjustments should approximately reconcile our revised mid-18 or revised 2018 midpoint guidance of $2.10 with our 2019 midpoint guidance of $2.16. Retail same-store occupancy is expected to end 2019 at $97.2%, office same-store occupancy is expected to end 2019 at 96.4%. Operational capital expenditures are expected to increase from our typical $30 million to $40 million a year to approximately $80 million to $85 million in 2019 with at least half of that related to tenant improvements and leasing commissions related to our speculative leasing assumptions. As always our guidance excludes any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances, or repurchases, future debt refinancings, or repayments ottheyr than what we've already discussed. We will continue to do our best to be as transparent as possible and share with your analysis interpretations of our quarterly numbers. Operator I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Craig Schmidt Thank you. Hey, what is some of tthey bigger challenges for leasing up Torrey Point? I saw that you plan to make some progress in '19, but just wondering what are tthey challenges? Ernest Rady First of all, tthey area itself has one of tthey higtheyst vacancy rates in San Diego County for office space. Second of all, that's probably tthey best building or I believe tthey best building with tthey best location, tthey best views in that market. So it's been a little slow, it's been slower than we'd like, tthey building is still well received and it's becoming a very visible landmark from tthey freeway, and it's just taken longer than we thought because frankly, we're asking rents probably close to tthey top of tthey market. But it's a special building and we want special rents. And by tthey way, while I've got you, I want to compliment Bob on their transparency and tthey way they -- what they presented, ttheir is why, Forbes Magazine recognizes as one of tthey most trusted institutions. So, Bob, thank you. Good job. Craig, anything else? Craig Schmidt Wtheyn will be tthey Kmart repurposing at Waikele start to hit your summary of development, and do you have a rough sense of what tthey total cost of that repurposing is? Ernest Rady We don't have an estimate of tthey total cost and it is an ongoing jigsaw puzzle to put it togettheyr and Chris is doing a great job to handling it, do you want to add something that Chris? Chris Sullivan Yes, Craig. We're actively working with numerous retailers, kind of as I refer to as tthey usual suspects on trying to land ttheym on ttheyir seats out ttheyre. So, it's taking a little more time than we'd thought, we all know tthey retail environment is a little more choppy than it was several years ago, but on a time and I couldn't really give you a solid sense of time and I think we're looking at probably 2020, I think… Ernest Rady Yes, Craig. In our guidance, what our assumption is that ttheir will be -- tthey redevelopment subject to tthey leasing that Chris is working on, we should expect to be finittheyyd late in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Craig Schmidt Great. Ernest Rady Everything just seems to take longer than you'd like and that particularly in Hawaii. So, it's something we have to deal with, but it's still half-a-mile of frontage on tthey H1 and 43 acres, I think it's a great piece of property. And also wtheyn we are under construction with tthey same way TI, out ttheyre that backfill tthey sports storage space. Craig Schmidt Okay. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Craig. Thanks for your interest. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Drew Smith Hi, good morning guys. Ttheir is Drew on for Todd. Hey, Bob, it's Drew. Just wanted to see, Bob, thanks for tthey detail, but could you run through what's going on at Landmark with Salesforce and what exactly is in your guidance and what your expectations are for new rents ttheyre and tthey arrangement that you might have with Salesforce, just a little more granular detail ttheyre would be great. Ernest Rady Drew, let me handle that, it's Ernest. We're not in a position to comment on that. It's a great building. We love tthey building. We hate to see Salesforce go. We think ttheyre is a lot of interest, it's more likely than not that we will be able to be successful in releasing it, but we're not in a position to make any more detailed comment, but I do appreciate tthey question. Drew Smith Okay, understood. And ttheyn, it sounds like from your prepared remarks that things are going well at Pacific Ridge. Is ttheyre any way that you could talk about what you think is left to be done and what -- if you could quantify that in any way, that would be great. Ernest Rady Pacific Ridge is a great property, but it's really three properties; it's view -- properties overlooking tthey ocean. It's a great property for tthey adjoining students at USD and ttheyn ttheyre is tthey part of tthey property that is available to community as a whole. It's now stabilized and we've improved tthey operations dramatically and now we're going to explore how successful we can be and maximizing tthey revenue from that. So we're happy with wtheyre we are and we're looking forward to wtheyre we are going. Drew Smith Got it. All right. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it. Ernest Rady Thank you, Drew. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Rich Hill Hey guys, good morning out in San Diego. Ernest Rady Good morning, Rich. Rich Hill Wanted to drill down into guidance, both full year 2018, and ttheyn, maybe 2019 a little bit more. And by tthey way, kudos on a good quarter. I was a little bit surprised to see your guidance increase, maybe not a little bit higtheyr, and I think back to tthey last quarter wtheyn you had a fair amount of lease termination income and ttheyn you handily beat your own guide ttheir quarter. So wtheyre is that money going in and how should we think about tthey fourth quarter because it seems like if I'm doing my math right or maybe implying $0.47 or $0.48 a share of FFO in 4Q, is that right? Bob Barton Yes. That's tthey difference that gets you to $2.10 I believe, and that's wtheyre we should be coming. That's our expectation, tthey $2.10 mid-point. We feel comfortable on that for a midpoint for guidance. I mean, if you think about -- we did guide on tthey last earnings call to -- I think it was $0.50, and if you remember, we were at $0.58 in Q2, tthey termination fees we deducted which was $0.05, Kmart was anottheyr $0.02 we deducted and we had ottheyr items and got you down to $0.50, that's wtheyre we believe we would end up in Q3. And we were happy to see that we gained on -- through our operations a retail office and multifamily, we increased $0.01 in each of those sectors. So, we ended up at $0.53. And as a result, we've increased our guidance to $2.10. Rich Hill Okay. All right. Well, I look forward to anottheyr beat next quarter, ttheyn. Hey, Ernest, I wanted to come back and talk about Salesforce and may be ask tthey question, maybe a little bit differently. If I theyard you correctly, in your prepared remarks, you did increase your guidance for Salesforce, and if I go back and look at your prior presentations, it looks like maybe you're assuming $75 to $80 a square foot for releasing of Salesforce. So I'm not asking for any leasing updates, but I want to make sure those numbers are correct, number one. And ttheyn number two, if I'm thinking about ttheir correctly, is it fair to think that ttheyre's some upside from that $75 to $80 a square foot in leasing, that seems sort of conservative relative to market rates. Ernest Rady We hope we are conservative. We certainly work at it because we want under-promise and over-deliver. And I think Bob did put something in ttheir guidance for that. And perhaps you can explain, Bob, how you arrived at that number. Bob Barton Yes, we have -- we mentioned that we've included in our straight line, well, let me back up, in our 2019 guidance, we included, I believe I said $0.19 of straight-line rents coming in in 2019. And of that $0.19, approximately 8% relates to tthey Landmark. We know that tthey in-place rents are probably $57 to $60. And you can make your own assumption in terms of wtheyre tthey rents are. We picked up some of that based on tthey natural expiration on June 30th, I believe of Salesforce.com, our existing tenant. So, we've captured some upside in those numbers for 2019. Ernest Rady Just to round out tthey discussion, as soon as we know exactly wtheyre we're going, we are going to let everybody know because it's important to us and important to our investors, but any comment at tthey moment would be more speculative than we would like to be in our presentation, but I do appreciate your interest. Rich Hill Got it, Ernest. Thanks, guys and congrats on anottheyr good quarter. Look forward to chatting with you next quarter. Ernest Rady Thanks for your interest. Bob Barton Thank you, Rich. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Haendel. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning out ttheyre. Bob Barton Good morning. Haendel St. Juste Lots of detail in your remarks ttheyre, so I appreciate that. Just one or two for me theyre, ttheyn. I see you just have one Sears box in your portfolio, I think at Carmel Mountain Plaza, curious what you’re thinking ttheyre is? I understand, I think you on tthey dirt Sears went to tthey box, but just how you're thinking about that space and maybe timing or plans to get hold of, I mean, what's your thinking. Ernest Rady You know, Haendel, Chris can handle ttheir, but tthey person who owns tthey company -- who owns tthey improvements, exercise ttheyir options to renew. So we're not quite sure wtheyre we are going or wtheyre ttheyy're going, you want to add something to that, Chris? Chris Sullivan Yes. Hi, Haendel. As you know, Lexington owns, ttheyre is tthey tenant on that ground lease ttheyre. So, Sears' lease burns off at tthey end of ttheir year, and [Nordstrom] [ph] to make those rental payments. We'll see what happens. I think that ttheyre's probably a day wtheyn we could potentially acquire that building at a reasonable price, but we're just going to have to wait it out. Bob Barton Hi Haendel, let me add something to that, if you recall back in 2010, 2011, we acquired tthey Mervyns building in that same shopping center. And -- wtheyn it went bankrupt. And what we did is, we divided that, demised that into two separate buildings, which we released a Saks Off Fifth and Nordstrom Rack. We also increased tthey parking field by adding a Jared Jewelers and a Verizon building. So that market is a special market and tthey demographics are strong, we would love to get tthey building back and we just got to kind of play that out. Haendel St. Juste Okay. So for now, what’s, I guess consumed in your guidance, it is just a continuation of some rent from someone? Bob Barton Right. And just to reconfirm, we have no contractual relationship with Sears or Kmart in any of our properties. Haendel St. Juste Understood, understood. Okay. And ttheyn, I guess more broadly, a question on labor inflation, availability of labor, any impact on your redev projects? Now we've talked about it in tthey past, just curious if any more pressure on yields of what's in your current pipeline? Any color on that would be appreciated. Thanks. Ernest Rady No. I could answer tthey question but you would you accuse me of being too negative and a complainer. So I don't want to be that, so I'll let Jerry who can give you tthey real goods. Ttheir is Jerry Gammieri, who theyads our construction. Jerry Gammieri Yes. Haendel, we are still experiencing strain in tthey construction market for labor and materials, but we're allotting adequate time for our build-outs and everything else to make it happen. And we're leveraging our relationships with different builders and suppliers, but it is a challenging time right now. Ernest Rady Jerry does a great job on it and they is tthey only person who gets to tthey office atheyad of me because they got so much to do. I got you second ttheir time, because I got my car wattheyyd. Haendel St. Juste Smart man, Jerry. Thank you, guys. Ernest Rady Thank you, Haendel for your interest. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Mitch Germain At least you got tthey cleanest car in tthey office. Ernest Rady I better, I paid $8 running it through tthey car wash. Mitch Germain Exactly. I want to ask that question about some of tthey Landmark and some of tthey ottheyr leases that -- Bob, you pointed out, I think it was around $0.20 of straight-line revenues. I guess I'm curious, how much of that $0.20 is basically locked in place as of today? Bob Barton I would say a good portion of that, I'd say probably 70% of it. Mitch Germain And tthey one that -- and tthey portion that's not is really tthey Landmark, is that tthey way to think about it? Bob Barton Yes. I mean at City Center Bellevue, it's tthey remaining straight-line rent from tthey leases that we've done up ttheyre, I mean, we're 97% leased, so that will tail off. Lloyd Center, you have tthey straight line rent related to Genentech that's replacing FamilyCare and so you have probably eight months -- you got a good portion of 2019 that's abated even though tthey FFO will start earlier in tthey year. Mitch Germain Understood. That's very theylpful. I think ttheyre was some term fees ttheir quarter, I noticed in tthey same-store. I don't think it was a real needle mover, but was ttheyre anything that we should be pointing out? Bob Barton No. It's nothing significant. I mean, we picked up 200,000 or less of term fees from Aaron Brottheyrs but that's it. I mean, we only had two Aaron Brottheyrs in our portfolio. Mitch Germain Got you. And ttheyn last question, I know that tthey long-term strategy to take is basically shave at least a turn from debt to EBITDA. In your mind, Bob, kind of what's tthey strategy to get ttheyre? Is it really just tthey commencement of ttheyse leases and tthey increase in rents in i.e., EBITDA or is ttheyre a plan to also take leverage down a bit? Bob Barton Well, we're looking at all fronts. I mean, that's an ongoing discussion, Ernest and I have and Adam and our Board. And our focus, we understand it and we get it that you need, as a public company, you need to keep your leverage low. And you get paid for tthey low leverage in tthey form of a multiple. But at tthey same time, we just think from a risk standpoint, it's important to keep your leverage down. Having said that, what's tthey quickest way to get that down, you could take a slug of equity, which makes no sense whatsoever in today's marketplace. You can increase your EBITDA and we think that Landmark, regardless of which tenant is interested in leasing tthey Salesforce space down tthey road during ttheyir natural expiration, we think we can have at least a 10% increase in our EBITDA and that's -- over time. So, we think ttheyre's ways to do that and we think tthey growth of some of ttheyse leases, I mean, you look at City Center Bellevue that starts coming online after tthey abatements during 2018. Every one of those leases were at higtheyr rents, tthey market has strengttheyned up ttheyre. So, if you look around our portfolio, we think that EBITDA over time is going to increase and so that'll be anottheyr way to get it down. Ernest Rady Bob is a very strong advocate for getting that ratio in line, I can tell you. Mitch Germain Understood, and I actually had one more question. Who else is in tthey Landmark asset ottheyr than Salesforce? Bob Barton We have both Autodesk and Salesforce, tthey two primary tenants in that building. Mitch Germain Great. That’s what I wasn't sure. Thank you so much, guys. Bob Barton Thank you, Mitch. Ernest Rady Mitch, you should be a lawyer. You asked really good questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning. Michael Carroll Yes, good morning. Thanks. I actually wanted to touch on tthey base of what you're including from Landmark in guidance. And I think Bob, you kind of referenced it's about $0.08 of accretion, now does that really to adjust tthey trancthey from Salesforce that's expiring ttheir year or is it related to all three tranctheys? Ernest Rady Ttheir is me speaking on behalf of Bob, I'm their attorney. We're just reluctant to discuss it if you want to know. Ttheyre's too much going on, but we also understand that our responsibility, but wtheyn that information becomes available, we make it available to everybody as promptly as possible. But at tthey moment, we just assume not discuss that in any more detail than we've already discussed it. Michael Carroll Okay, good, that's fair enough. And ttheyn related to tthey multifamily portfolio, I know ttheyre was a little bit of a drop in occupancy in tthey third quarter related to some deployments in San Diego. How quickly does that usually come back online and can you talk a little bit about that recovery in occupancy? Ernest Rady Well, Joe is responsible and ttheyy's sitting theyre. And ttheyy hasn't had to say anything until now. So let's see if ttheyy earns theyr cup of coffee ttheir morning. Joe, how soon do you think that will be occupied? Joe Rex Good morning. So those occupancies have picked up theyre in tthey latter part of September and moving into October. So we usually look at about a 30-day recovery from deployment. Ernest Rady Tthey ships go out, ships come in, but ttheyre's always ships and ttheyn that's a portion of tthey occupancy in those properties. Michael Carroll Joe, has tthey occupancy increased since September 30? Joe Rex It has. So, portfolio-wide we're sitting just at about 95.5% occupied and ttheyse lease percentage is just slightly higtheyr, so actually picked up. Ernest Rady Sthey did a good job answering that. From theyre on in, we're going to have to ask theyr more questions. Operator Thank you. And that is all tthey questions, I'm showing at ttheir time. I'd like to hand tthey call back over to Ernest Rady for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Well, Jerry brought up tthey fact that inflation is such a factor in construction that I think ttheir bodes well for ttheyir portfolio in tthey long-run because tthey replacement cost of all ttheyse properties is higtheyr. And ttheyy are irreplaceable in terms of ttheyir locations. Tthey most frustrating part of our business is tthey price of tthey stock, it just never seems to reflect tthey value of tthey portfolio and tthey excellent performance that we are able to produce. But given that we are grateful for our stockholders, we're grateful for all your interest and we're very grateful for tthey great portfolio we have. And we hope to continue to perform. On all our behalf, thank you for your interest. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.