American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call July 29, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - EVP and COO Ernest Rady - Chairman and CEO Bob Barton - EVP and CFO Steve Center - VP, Office Properties Jerry Gammieri - VP, Construction and Development Ryan Rex - Director-Multifamily San Diego Chris Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Conference Call Participants Ron Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Q2 2020 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference call to your speaker today, Mr. Adam Wyll. You may begin, sir. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Asset Trust, Inc. second quarter 2020 earnings call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investor Section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks, uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, which we undertake no duty to update. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO to begin tthey discussion of our second quarter 2020 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thank you, Adam. That was well done as always. Ttheyse have been unprecedented times that I've never seen before in my lifetime. Wtheyn COVID-19 began, I honestly didn't know how that it would be. We expect it to be catastrophic, but we just didn't know how bad it would be, now that tthey second quarter is behind us. I can tell you that it is not as catastrophic as our worst case projections. It still has been no fun. Office has performed extremely well, unless in tthey shining light in our portfolio, with high credit tenants in strong markets and that we would like to continue. Multifamily has also performed well better than we expected. Occupancy has been slightly lower, but collections have been strong in tthey mid '90s and we expect a meaningful uptick in occupancy in August 1, as a local private university takes possession of approximately 130 units and our San Diego multi-family portfolio, at good rents by a master lease that has recently been executed. Retail as expected has been very tough. Every deal, feels like a street fight in retail. We try to balance what is best for tthey company and its shareholders with how to maintain tthey long-term [Technical Difficulty] of ttheyse retail tenants that are so important to our shopping centers. We know that some are not going to make it. Of course, we are hopeful that most will make it.  In that factor, we're hopeful that all will make it. We have a committee comprised of myself, Chris Sullivan and Adam Wyll that review every tenant requests. If a tenant ask for deferral, we ask for something from a tenant and return as well. Each one is a negotiation and we try to make sure that we're getting something fair in return for anything less 100% on time collection of our contractual rents. I truly believe that our management team is second to none and has done an excellent job strategically navigating through ttheir pandemic. American Trust is reflective of tthey quality people that we have working as appreciative of tthey quality people that we have working in our company that are focused on creating value for our shareholders each and every day. Lastly, I want to mention that our Board of Directors has approved increasing tthey quarterly dividend 25% over tthey second quarter 2020 dividend of $0.20 to $0.25 for tthey third quarter based on higtheyr rent collections in tthey second quarter than we had expected, combined with tthey significant embedded growth that we continue to expect in our office portfolio and tthey recent master lease signed in our multifamily portfolio. A year from now, once ttheyre is a vaccine, we expect to look back and we hope ttheir is nothing more than a bad memory. I believe that we came -- we come out of ttheir, we will be as good a company or even better wtheyn all ttheir started. I'm now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam Wyll, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer, who will give us a quick update on our operations during ttheir pandemic, followed by Bob Barton, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer and we will end with a quick update on tthey leasing success that Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties is seeing. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. From an operations perspective as coronavirus infection continue to increase in many of our markets. We remain hyper-focused on tthey safety and well-being of our personnel tenants and vendors, as 100% of our properties remain open and accessible by our tenants. We remain committed to ensuring full compliance with tthey ever-changing regulatory mandates from all levels of government, not to mention, staying in front of and working against proposed regulations that we think would do damage to our industry and economy. Like SB 939 in California, which did not pass. In tthey proposed repeal of Prop 13 for commercial properties in California, which we believe is essentially a targeted tax increase on business, which would ultimately be passed on to tenants and customers most of whom can absorb such increases and could lead to even more business failure. As Ernest mentioned, we continue to work with our tenants on rent deferments and ottheyr lease modifications to assist those tenants as best we can, whose business have been significantly impacted by COVID-19. We've also renegotiated or bid out most of our vendor contracts to meaningfully reduce operating expenses, many of such reductions on a long-term basis, all tthey while maintaining our best-in-class properties. And we've leverage tthey high unemployment rates in our markets to hire top caliber associates to fill open positions at AAT. Finally, we appreciate more than ever, tthey positive impact that ESG including fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion has on tthey strengttheyning of our business, our economy and our society. Particularly in light of current events, our focus on human capital and physical and mental wellbeing both within our company and in our communities, has never been stronger and represents tthey foundation that our culture was built on. For more insight on our ESG efforts please take a look at our recently publittheyyd 2019 sustainability report, which can be found on tthey sustainability page of our website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q2 results and tthey impact from COVID-19. Bob? Bob Barton Good morning, and thank you, Ernest and Adam. Last night, we reported second quarter 2020 FFO of $0.48 per share and net income attributable to common shareholders of $0.13 per share for tthey second quarter.  Let's look at tthey results of tthey second quarter for each property segment. Our office property segment continues to perform well during ttheyse uncertain times. Office properties excluding our One Beach Street property located on tthey North Waterfront in San Francisco which is under redevelopment. We're at 96% occupancy at tthey end of tthey second quarter, an increase of approximately 3% from tthey prior year. More importantly, same-store cash NOI increased 16% in Q2 over tthey prior year, primarily from City Center Bellevue in Washington, Lloyd District Campus, Office Campus in Oregon and Torrey Reserve Campus theyre in San Diego. Our retail properties have not fared as well during tthey pandemic. Retail properties were at 95% occupancy at tthey end of tthey second quarter, a decrease of approximately 2% from tthey prior year. However, retail collections have been difficult during tthey pandemic, as reflected in our negative same-store cash NOI. Additionally, due to COVID-19, we have taken reserve for bad debts against tthey outstanding retail accounts receivable and straight-line rents receivable at tthey end of tthey second quarter of approximately 14% and 7% respectively. From a dollar perspective, ttheir translates into approximately $2 million and $1.4 million respectively, for a total of $3.4 million reserve related to our retail sector, which is approximately $0.045 of FFO. We intend to continue evaluating and potentially revising ttheyse reserves each quarter as we monitor tthey ever-changing viability and solvency of each of our retail tenants. Our multifamily properties we're at an 85% occupancy at tthey end of tthey second quarter, a decrease of approximately 8% from tthey prior year as also reflected in our negative same-store cash NOI. But as Ernest mentioned, we expect ttheir to increase back into tthey low to mid 90% occupancy once our master lease with a local private university commences on August 1. Our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and tthey Waikiki Beach Walk Retail is located on tthey Island of Oahu. Tthey State of Hawaii remains in self quarantine through tthey end of August, which is significantly impacted tthey operating results in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey Embassy Suites average occupancy for tthey second quarter of 2020 was 17%, compared with tthey prior year's second quarter average occupancy of 92%. A good rule of thumb in our view is that a hotel without any leverage on it needs to have approximately a 50% to 60% occupancy to breakeven. Our team in Hawaii forecasted earlier ttheir month of 46% to 50% occupancy by year-end 2020. To our pleasant surprise, we ended June with a 29% occupancy, much higtheyr than tthey average occupancy of 17% for tthey quarter. Additionally, in tthey last 15 days, we have been seeing occupancy ranging from 45% to 55% with our team in Hawaii expecting to end tthey month of July at 62% occupancy. Right now, it is our understanding ttheyre are only two hotels remained open in Waikiki. One of which is our Embassy Suites hotel, which has been completely renovated and it's like a brand new hotel. Let's talk about billings and collections. On a companywide basis, we collected approximately 83% of tthey total second quarter billings, which primarily consists of base rent and cost reimbursements. We have also collected approximately 83% of July's billings as of tthey end of last week. We expect those percentages to increase as we continue to work hard on collection efforts. In Q2, our office rent collections were approximately 98%. Our retail rent collections excluding Waikiki Beach retail were approximately 62%. And by tthey way, so far in July is about 70%, and our multifamily collections were approximately 95%. Waikiki Beach Walk Retail had an approximately 30% collection rate in Q2. As Ernest noted earlier, tthey Board of Directors has decided to increase tthey quarterly dividend from $0.20 to $0.25 per share. Tthey Board took into consideration, tthey increase in collections over what was expected during Q2, combined with tthey embedded growth in cash flow from tthey office sector over tthey next several years, as well as tthey master lease in tthey multifamily sector. Using tthey same 83% collection rate applied to our initial targeted dividend of $0.30 per quarter, it gets you to approximately $0.25 per share per quarter. As we look at tthey liquidity on our balance ttheyyet, at tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $396 million in liquidity, comprised of $146 million of cash and cash equivalents and $250 million of availability on our line of credit. And only one of our properties is encumbered by a mortgage.  Our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.4 times on a quarterly annualized basis, resulting from tthey lower EBITDA from tthey added reserves that we took in tthey retail sector during Q2. On a trailing 12 month basis, our EBITDA would be approximately 5.8 times. Our focus is to maintain our net debt to EBITDA at 5.5 times or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.8 times on a quarterly annualized basis and at 4.1 times on a trailing 12 month basis. And finally with respect to $250 million of unsecured debt maturities that come due in 2021, we expect to extend tthey $100 million term loan up to 3 times with each extension for a one-year period subject to certain conditions and tthey remaining $150 million Series A Notes does not mature until October 31, 2021, which we would expect to refinance at lower rates. Regarding our guidance, as we previously disclosed, we withdrew our 2020 guidance on April 3 due to tthey uncertainty that tthey pandemic would have on our existing guidance, particularly in our hotel or retail sector. Unfortunately, tthey economy continues to change day by day and tthey current outcome remains uncertain as to impact in duration, which is why we will continue to a draw our 2020 guidance. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, Vice President of Office Properties for a brief update on our successes and opportunities in our Office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thank you, Bob. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, net of One Beach, which is under redevelopments. Our office portfolio stood at approximately 96% leased, with approximately 6% expiring through tthey end of 2021. We were fortunate to renew tthey IRS and veterans benefits administration leases early in 2020, tthey First & Main in Portland in a total of 131,000 feet at start rates nearly 20% above tthey rates of exploration. Given tthey quality of our assets and tthey strength of tthey markets in which ttheyy are located with technology and life science as key market drivers. We continue to execute new and renewal leases at favorable run rates delivering continued NOI growth. With leases already signed, we have locked in approximately $29.6 million of NOI growth comprised of $6 million in 2020, $14 million in 2021 and $9.6 million in 2022 in our office segment. We anticipate significant additional NOI growth in 2022 through tthey redevelopment and leasing of One Beach Street in San Francisco and 710 Oregon Square in tthey Lloyd submarket Portland, along with tthey repositioning of two buildings at Torrey Reserve in tthey Del Mar Heights submarket of San Diego. In addition, we can grow our Office portfolio by up to 768,000 rentable square feet or 22% on sites we already owned by building Tower 3 at La Jolla Commons, which is 213,000 feet and Blocks 90 and 103 at Oregon Square totaling up to 555,000 square feet. Tower 3 at La Jolla Commons is into tthey city of San Diego for permits and we continue evaluating market condition, prospective tenant interest and hopefully decrease in construction costs, leading to are upcoming commencing construction. Next, sctheymatic design has completed for Blocks 90 and 103 at Oregon Square with design development of 50% complete. We are sctheyduled for our first theyaring with tthey design review committee in Portland on August 20. We currently have two active request for proposals from prospective tenants for Blocks 90 and 103 totaling 422,000 square feet, but again we will be evaluating market conditions, tenant interest and construction cost prior to commencing construction. We have a stable office portfolio with little near term rollover, significant built in NOI growth and additional upside through repositioning redevelopment within our existing portfolio plus substantial new development on sites we already own. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Adam Wyll Very good, Steve. Thanks. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. Ron Kamdem Hey. You got -- you got Ron Kamdem on tthey line for Richard. Just a couple -- Ernest Rady  We can tell Richard, we're glad to have you, Ron. So, welcome. Ron Kamdem That's tthey right. Just a couple, couple of quick ones from me. Tthey first is, just going back to sort of tthey reserves taken on tthey uncollected rents in tthey retail portfolio. I guess, tthey question is trying to get an understanding of how much conservatism is baked into that and how confident do you feel that ttheyre is not, maybe more reserves coming down tthey line as sort of tthey pandemic unfold? So trying to get a sense of tthey conservatism in tthey numbers that you guys took. Bob Barton Yes. Ron, thanks for tthey question. We record those reserves in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. And under that ttheyre is a section called 842. And what it says is that we have to be 75% confident that we're going to receive 95% of tthey cash flows. And in layman's terms, what we look at it is, is a tenant going to survive or not survive. And so we have a group of about eight people, including Adam who is involved with tthey leases, Chris Sullivan, theyads up our Retail, our Controller, it's a whole team effort. And what we do is, we try to be -- we're not trying to be aggressive at all. What we're trying to do is be conservative and -- but in ttheir pandemic, it changes daily. And what we do is, we continue to evaluate that on a month-to-month basis and as new developments happen, we'll -- with tthey reserves increase over time, as a pandemic continues to linger ttheyre will probably be more fallout. And as a result we'll probably have to add to reserves. But at ttheir point in time, I feel that those reserves that we've put on tthey books are adequately represented on a conservative basis. Ernest Rady Our strategy has always been to try and overpromise, underpromise our overdeliver. And ttheyre is no pressure to have those reserves less than ttheyy are to be. And so, as Bob says that committee has looked at it carefully and that's our best bet under ttheyse present circumstances, Ron, and thank you for asking. Ron Kamdem Just a couple more quick ones. Just on tthey dividend, I think you decided to raise in 3Q about $0.05. I think you cited just better, better rent collections. I'm just trying to get a little more color on what went into that decision because it feels like maybe tthey Board, think that tthey worst is behind ttheym and you feel like you sort of have a handle on tthey pandemic and tthey fallout to be able to sort of do that. So what went into that decision? What gave you confidence to boost? And how should we think about that going forward? Ron Kamdem No. As I said earlier, Ron, going into ttheir pandemic. Frankly I was close to panic because I've never seen circumstances like ttheir and I thought that we are in for a catastrophic situation. Tthey situation has not been as bad as our worst case thoughts led us to. And so wtheyn we presented to tthey Board, a quarter ago to cut from $0.30 to $0.20 we took into account our view of tthey unknowns that we were facing. But as we've come face to face with those unknowns while ttheyy been very upsetting and very difficult, ttheyy haven't been as catastrophic as we expected. So we suggested to tthey Board that ttheyy look at ttheir with a more balanced approach and rattheyr tthey catastrophic approach that we had suggested at tthey last quarter. And so we would, we paid tthey cutting dividend if you want to know tthey truth. We would love to have maintain tthey dividend at tthey same level we have since we went public and increase it as we have over tthey 11 or 12 years since we've been public. That is just not in tthey cards given tthey circumstances that we're presently facing. And we'll just have to see how it unfolds. Tthey Board will make a decision quarter-by-quarter, but I would think that based on tthey projections we have now and tthey field we have in tthey marketplace that tthey $0.25 should be able to be continued. And with any good luck hopefully, we'll get back to wtheyre we'd like to be, which is tthey same dividend as in prior years and even a small increase, if at all possible feasible. Ron Kamdem And ttheyn my last one, if I may. I think one of tthey questions we're getting tthey most on tthey desk is just about sort of work from home and tthey implications, right. And wtheyn ttheyy think about your portfolio and just a great amount of demand, tthey tenants and I think tthey numbers a sort of shown that. Tthey question is really, what's tthey possibility of sort of tthey office market turning into haves and have-nots, right? Wtheyn you think about some of maybe tthey older stock out ttheyre compared to sort of your, your sort of Class A stuff? Is ttheyre, what's tthey possibility maybe those assets being just before so impacted from work-from-home? And what are you theyaring on from tenants on tthey work from home front. What sort of thinking do you face? Thank you. Ernest Rady Well, I think wtheyn ttheir started everybody said well, who needs office. But I'd tell you as somebody who is involved in business on a day-to-date basis. We miss people coming into tthey office and all tthey result, good results that flow from that, tthey idea flow, tthey training. And so I know tthey ttheyory is, you don't need office. Tthey practice is office is a valuable a way to operate tthey business and I'm looking forward to people coming back. How ttheir is all going to come about? I don't know, but I have confidence that tthey office portfolio we have in tthey high quality, high-growth markets wtheyre ttheyre is innovation and job creation.  We will have a market for our office and I hopefully even a growing market. That's my best guess I mean, I don't know what tthey answer is, but if you probably theyar from lots of people if ttheyy, If it was New York City, I would be more frightened. [Indeciptheyrable] West Coast markets are very vibrant, and I think we have a good future with tthey portfolio we have. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Todd Thomas Just first question, I guess, following up on that, just wondering if you had any update specifically from Google, regarding ttheyir plan to move in and occupancy at Landmark just given ttheyir latest announcement about not bringing back employees until at least tthey summer of '21. Ernest Rady Jerry Gammieri is going to answer that. He is in constant contact with ttheym and we'll update you. Yeah. And thanks for tthey question, Todd. Jerry Gammieri Yes. Good morning, Todd. So, at our landmark project in San Francisco in March, we basically stopped construction at that point. And at that point we had two of tthey seven floors completed. Ttheyy have remobilized ttheir week and ttheyy are proceeding with tthey work on during tthey break, I'll call it. Ttheyre was a lot of discussion about what ttheyy would do with tthey space wtheyttheyr ttheyy would reprogram, wtheyttheyr ttheyy would change ttheyir layout or ttheyir floor plan. Tthey decision has been made to proceed with tthey plans as originally contemplated. So ttheyy are moving atheyad, full steam now starting again ttheir week and expecting to complete somewtheyre around tthey first quarter of '21. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn Ernest, I appreciate your perspective sort of longer term, but curious in tthey interim theyre, as you're moving forward with a number of leasing initiatives in tthey office segment. Are you seeing any, any changes in demand across your markets, any changes in conversations with tenants about how ttheyy're thinking about office space rents or ttheyir decision and sort of willingness to sign leases today? Ernest Rady I'll tell you, unless somebody's dead, dumb and deaf, ttheyy're thinking about tthey circumstances that ttheyy're operating under now, but Steve Center is in constant contact with tthey agents and tthey prospective tenants and you probably best able to handle that, Steve. Steve Center Yeah. We're seeing tenants proceed with ttheyir plans. One example is Smartttheyyet just recently signing a deal to accelerate taking two additional floors at City Center Bellevue by 14 months. As Jerry pointed out Google, ttheyy are proceeding with ttheyir plans. It's not a matter of, and ttheyy're moving back in, it's a matter of wtheyn. And what I liked about tthey message from Jerry is that ttheyy're going with tthey design that ttheyy previously come up with pre-COVID.  So that's a, it indicates me if that's a believe that we're going to return to some semblance of normal and get back to business. And so we've got two deals we're in discussions with in Portland for 2023 deliveries. And those are businesses looking through tthey noise and looking into tthey future and ttheyy've got to grow, and ttheyy need a home for all those employees. So far so good, especially with our technology and life science companies. Todd Thomas  Okay. And ttheyn shifting over to tthey multifamily segment, tthey occupancy decline ttheyre was a little bit greater than we expected, but it seems like occupancy is going to get a boost with tthey master lease at Pacific Ridge. What's tthey term of that master lease? And is tthey master lease representative of market rents and ttheyn wtheyn that kicks in on August 1, wtheyre would you expect multifamily occupancy to be? Ernest Rady  Well, if tthey master leases for two projects along as Loma Palisades and Pacific Ridge. And Ryan, why don't you take that. Ryan and Adam did a great job in negotiating ttheir transaction. Ryan Rex Sure. Good morning. So that master lease agreement will span between Loma Palisades and Pacific Ridge and consist of about 130 units. A little bit above market rate, because it's an all-inclusive rental rate package for tthey university that will be for a 10-month term starting August 1 and ttheyn go through May 31 of 2021. Excuse me, and we anticipate that come August wtheyn all of tthey move-ins take place not only in addition to ttheir master lease but with ottheyr renters as well. We'll probably be back to tthey low to mid '90s, as Bob mentioned earlier. Ernest Rady  But one thing that you have to consider is that tthey government's now are extending tthey terms that tenants have to pay tthey rent with ttheir lease it's collectible and that's a huge difference. So in addition to tthey rates being acceptable and perhaps even a bit more than acceptable. Tthey quality of tthey payment is assured and that's a big deal in ttheir crazy market. Todd Thomas  Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. Ernest Rady  Thank you, Todd. Thanks for your interest. Operator Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Ernest Rady Good morning, Craig. Craig Schmidt Good morning to you. I was just wondering what you're seeing regarding tthey California efforts to roll back reopenings on tthey retail real estate, wtheyttheyr in terms of impact to traffic or possible impact on rent collection? Ernest Rady  Chris, you want to handle. Yes. I mean, ttheir thing changes day by day. So maybe you have a view that you can to share. Chris Sullivan Tthey largest impact that came back, as you remember right after Memorial Day that restaurants were allowed to start reopening inside, That only last for a couple of weeks or so depending on what county you are in. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy shutdown restaurants to operate inside dining that really threw a wrench in tthey system. So as you drive around your own town and wtheyre you are, you can see tthey restaurateurs have to try sidewalk dining or patios if ttheyy had. And unfortunately, wtheyn that lowered tthey occupancy so much that ttheyy're all fighting just to cover ttheyir cost and keep ttheyir remaining ctheyfs and some staff on. So that really threw a monkey wrench into it. Ttheir is most of our shopping center guys have we might have 10% to 15% foodservice in your properties. Tthey ottheyr piece is that really hurt was all of tthey salons -- nail salons and quite a bit of tthey service providers that were no longer able to have folks come inside, get a haircut or have ttheyir nails done. So it's tthey constant little chipping away that has certainly had an effect on retail, so that's tthey biggest piece I've seen besides all tthey ottheyr problems of tthey tourism and tthey rest of it, tthey whole country and world spacing. Ernest Rady Thanks, Chris. Thank you, Craig. Any more questions, Craig. Craig Schmidt I guess, I know that in terms of university housing for tthey students, ttheyy're changing tthey densities that ttheyy are allowing, is that having any impact positive or negative on you, in terms of your multifamily leasing? Ernest Rady Yes. I think that was tthey genesis for tthey lease that we signed with tthey local university as ttheyy were dedensifying, if that's a word, ttheyir dorms and ttheyy needed more space. Unfortunately that lease expires just at tthey theyavy rental season. So we'll have a better opportunity to fill those leases up. Hopefully wtheyn tthey market is more normal, ttheyre is a vaccine that world has returned to normal and our properties, we will have tthey opportunity to fill ttheym up again. But in tthey meantime, it's a great stop beyond measure collectible. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Chairman, Ernest Rady for concluding remarks. Ernest Rady Again to sum it all up, ttheir is a very difficult time. American Assets Trust has great properties, a great team and liquidity. It's certain that we will see tthey ottheyr side of ttheir pandemic and we will come out of ttheir, at least as good as we were coming into ttheir and hopefully better with all of tthey opportunities that are available to us. So thank you all for your interest and we hope to talk to you 90 days from now. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.