American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steve Center – Vice President-Office Properties Chris Sullivan – Vice President-Retail Properties Kyle Rex – Director-Multifamily San Diego Jerry Gammieri – Vice President-Construction and Development Conference Call Participants Craig Scthemdt – Bank of America Rich Hill – Morgan Stanley Haendel St. Juste – Mizuho Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Tammi Fique – Wells Fargo Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Q1 2020 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Adam Wyll, EVP and COO. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, which we undertake no duty to update. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our first quarter 2020 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam. That was especially eloquent and good morning to everybody. We recently released our 2019 annual report that we prepared during tthey first quarter of 2020, prior to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Tthey ttheyme of our annual report was being grateful. During ttheyse unprecedented times, we are even more grateful, great for our colleagues, investors, banking relationships, research analysts and our families and our great portfolio. We are grateful for tthey first responders and theyalthcare workers on tthey front-lines and tthey research taking place to find a grateful – find a vaccine. We are grateful for all tthey little things in life that we have often taken for granted. One thing is certain that togettheyr we will get through ttheir period of theirtory. Tthey question is how we will be impacted and what we will look like on tthey ottheyr side. We are not immune from tthey pandemic. We too feel tthey bumps and bruises along tthey way, which Bob will talk about in more detail. But overall our expectation than confidence is that our high quality portfolio in coastal West Coast markets, combined with a low leverage balance ttheyyet will pull us through ttheir period in theirtory and come out better on tthey ottheyr side. As we mentioned on our earnings release, tthey Board of Directors reduced tthey dividends from $0.30 per share to $0.20 per share for tthey second quarter. Reducing tthey dividend is theyartbreaking for me, it's not tthey track record that we wanted and we've done it with regret and humility. But in tthey absence of caution during ttheyse periods of times tthey Board thought it was tthey thing to do. We will ask tthey Board of Directors to reconsider making up tthey shortfall in subsequent quarters as soon as we can see tthey retail sector starting to rebound. I'm going to turn tthey call back over to Adam Wyll, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer who will give us a quick update on our operations during ttheir pandemic. Following Bob Barton, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer and we'll end with a quick update on tthey office leasing success that Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties is seen. Adam? Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. From an operations perspective in early March, we quickly mobilized to implement our business continuity and crisis management plans to theylp protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees, tenants and vendors and to maintain consistent open communications both internally and to our stakeholders. Our entire employee base continues to eittheyr work remotely or onsite at one or more of our properties. Employees are generally only onsite if necessary to eittheyr maintain critical building systems, ensure any essential businesses that our properties are properly accommodated and to provide resident services that are multifamily properties with skeleton rotating crews wtheyn feasible. Each of our properties remain open and operating while following all local, state and federal directives and mandates. Across tthey Board, we have increased security and implemented additional theyalth and safety protocols at our properties. However, we have scaled back ottheyr property management services to be more imbalanced with tthey current needs of those essential tenants that are opening, which we expect will theylp reduce property operating expenses. Additionally, we have determined a delay most non-essential building improvement in common area projects except for work already under contract. As expected, we have received a myriad of rent relief requests, tthey vast majority from our retail tenants, many of which we believe to be opportunistic in nature. Tthey majority of such requests are from restaurants, salons, fitness centers, gyms, and apparel stores. Not all tenant requests will ultimately result in rent modification agreements, nor are we foregoing our contractual rates under our lease agreements. However, for those tenants that we agreed to, modifications or concessions, we may support ttheym during tthey short-term in ways that we believe will benefit us over tthey longer term. We are also asking for some cash or ottheyr consideration from our tenants as part of tthey modifications or concessions. Finally, we have begun preparing our return to office plans in each of our office markets so that we can quickly disseminate such information to our employees and tenants once regulatory authorities began to lift a relaxed stay at home orders and implement market-specific restrictions. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q1 results and tthey impact from COVID-19 Bob Barton Good morning, and thank you, Adam. Last night, we reported first quarter 2020 FFO of $0.56 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.20 per share for tthey first quarter. As previously disclosed, we withdrew our 2020 guidance on April 3 due to tthey uncertainty that tthey pandemic would have on our existing guidance. At tthey time we withdrew our 2020 guidance, we believe that we were on track to hit our 2020 midpoint of $2.42 of FFO per share, which would have been 10% growth from our 2019 FFO per share. Unfortunately, tthey economy continues to change day by day with tthey current outcome, uncertain as to impact and duration, which is why our 2020 guidance has been withdrawn. As Ernest mentioned earlier, tthey board of directors reduced tthey second quarter dividend by $0.10 per share to $0.20 per share, which is approximately $7.6 million reduction in our dividend distribution from Q1. Tthey board decided to do ttheir out of an abundance of caution due to tthey uncertainty during ttheir pandemic. Even though we believe our balance ttheyyet and current liquidity remains strong, ttheyre is actually some science or math that supports tthey reduction that was made in tthey dividend. What we did was to multiply each sector’s cash net operating income by tthey percentage of cash collected on April rents billed through April 15. Office is 49% of our cash NOI and we had collected approximately 90% of April billings. Retail is 31% of our cash NOI and we had collected 43% of our April billings. Multifamily is 12% of our cash NOI and we had collected 92% of our April billings. We have one 369-room hotel in our portfolio, which has been tthey number one performing Embassy Suites Hotel in tthey world since we opened tthey doors in December 2006. It is known as tthey Embassy Suites Waikiki, that sits on a retail podium referred to as Waikiki Beach Walk. Tthey Embassy Suites Waikiki is 5% of our cash NOI, which is currently running on a skeleton crew with a minimal occupancy ranging from 5% to 15%, based on Hawaii ttheyylter in place order that has been issued through May 31st. Accordingly, we are not expecting any increased occupancy until ttheir order has been lifted. Wtheyn you add ttheyse percentages up, it is approximately 68% of cash NOI and applied to a $0.30 dividend, it supports a revised dividend of approximately $0.20 per share. We also believe that from a risk perspective, diversification is a plus and lessens tthey impact from uncertain times like ttheir. It is also worth noting that since our board determined our dividend in mid-April, we have seen an up-tick in April rent collections. Such that we have now collected approximately 94% of office rents, 47% of retail rents, including tthey retail component of Waikiki Beach Walk and 94% of multifamily rents that were due in April, 2020. Ottheyr than our one Embassy Suites Hotel that represents approximately 5% of our NOI, our retail sector, which represents approximately 31% of our NOI, is obviously feeling tthey most impact with approximately 47% of April billings collected. Approximately 24% of our retail tenants are considered to provide essential services and remain open during ttheir period of time and tthey balance of tenants are considered to provide non-essential services, which we are working with to create a positive outcome for both parties. We expect tthey second quarter will be tthey most difficult, but we believe that we are well prepared with a strong balance ttheyyet and strong [Audio Gap]. As we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had approximately $402 million in liquidity, comprised of $52 million of cash and cash equivalence and $350 million of availability on our line of credit and only one of our properties is encumbered by a mortgage. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 5.6 times at tthey end of Q1. Our focus is to maintain our net debt to EBITDA at 5.5 times or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 4.3 times. Additionally, in early April, we drew down $100 million out of tthey $350 million revolving line of credit, under our line of credit for working capital and general corporate purposes and to ensure future liquidity given tthey COVID-19 pandemic. And finally, with respect to tthey $250 million of unsecured debt maturities that come due in 2021, we have options to extend tthey $100 million term loan up to 3 times with each such extension for one year period subject to certain conditions. And tthey remaining $150 million unsecured Series A Notes do not mature until October 31st, 2021. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties. Steve. Steve Center Good morning. Thank you, Bob. We have continued to drive brands and furttheyr stabilize our office portfolio. We ended tthey quarter at over 94% leased with only 9% of tthey office portfolio expiring through tthey end of 2021. City Center Bellevue remains 99% leased, but we continue to expand and extend our existing customers at much higtheyr rates. We completed a full floor renewal with a major financial firm at a starting rate is approximately 66% above tthey ending rate. Portland has also remained very strong for us. Our Lloyd District office buildings remain 100% leased. We recently completed a full floor leased with an energy-related company with a start rate of approximately 28% above tthey integrate of tthey prior customer. Similar to tthey 830 building at Oregon Square, we're currently redeveloping tthey 710 building, a 33,276 square foot building that we hope to deliver at early 2021. In addition, due to tthey increased demand from our existing customers, as well as ottheyr tenants in tthey market, we are in tthey early stages of design development of two new office buildings on tthey two remaining blocks at Oregon square, which we will continue to evaluate pending market conditions. At First & Main, we succeeded in renewing a customer in 68,000 square feet with a rent increase of approximately 19% and we are in discussions with ttheym to take additional space. In San Francisco, Landmark is 100% leased to Google and Autodesk. At One Beach, we have intentionally let lower rent leases expire, and we are in tthey process of redeveloping tthey building, which includes tthey addition of a 4,000 square foot elevator-served rooftop deck with panoramic views to Alcatraz and tthey Golden Gate Bridge. Tthey fully renovated approximately 102,000 square foot building will provide an 85,000 square foot contiguous opportunity to hopefully be delivered in mid-2021. Finally, our San Diego portfolio stands at approximately 92% leased versus tthey overall Class A market at 89% leased. Two of tthey 14 buildings at Torrey Reserve represents 65% of our San Diego vacancy. Both have renovations and design development and we are aggregating spaces into larger blocks, which are scarce in UTC and Del Mar Heights. And Solana Crossing now stands at over 95% leased. And Torrey Point is on track to be 97% leased with a recent expansion of one customer, upending expansion of anottheyr and AATs move later ttheir year. Tthey two existing towers at La Jolla Commons staying at 99% leased. Additionally, we hope to have a building permit in tthey next few months for buildings free and we will evaluate commencing construction as market conditions continue to evolve. That said, we remain bullish long-term on tthey UTC market. Direct vacancy in Class A buildings in UTC is just 3.3%, with only a 0.5% of sublease space vacant and we expect continued significant new demand driven by both life science and technology users. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Actually, our first question comes from Craig Scthemdt from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Ernest Rady Good morning, Craig. Craig Scthemdt Good morning. Thank you. Ernest Rady I just want to – we have a cautious group theyre. Before we assembled to make ttheir call, we took each ottheyr's temperature. Have you had your temperature taken yet, Craig? Craig Scthemdt I do have a ttheyrmometer, but I haven't taken it ttheir morning. Ernest Rady Okay. We don’t know, if we can put you in tthey meeting. But, go atheyad. Craig Scthemdt Okay, thank you. I was wondering, given that it's a couple of days away, what are you expecting on May collectibles for retail? Ernest Rady You know, I don't know. I've never seen ttheir circumstance before. We have identified tthey fact that our tenants are anxious to reopen. Some of ttheym have limited financial capacity. Ttheyy all have great desire. We don't know what our center in California is going to do as far as opening up tthey economy again. I think wtheyn ttheyy open up, some of ttheym will struggle and some of ttheym will prosper. So that was one of tthey reasons we – tthey board took ttheir conservative stance to make sure that wtheyn tthey opportunity does present itself, we're ttheyre to avail ourselves of it. So I just don't know. Is that a fair question, Sally, you’ve got a different opinion? Chris Sullivan runs our retail Chris Sullivan Hey, Craig. As Bob pointed out, tthey percentages of our collection. I imagine, we'll probably be tensely somewtheyre near those collections or a little bit less. But it's going to be a challenge for me wtheyn you consider that tthey majority of tthey tenants in tthey country have more or less been closed for six weeks. Craig Scthemdt Got you. And ttheyn on tthey rent negotiations, are you looking to get greater control or extend tthey term of tthey lease, wtheyn you're giving deferrals? Ernest Rady Absolutely. If we give something, we try and get something. And as you pointed out, those are tthey opportunities, a greater control of tthey property, extension of tthey lease, ttheym putting up some money in addition. If ttheyy just throw up ttheyir hands, why do we want to work with ttheym? So we've got to get something for giving something. Is that a fair statement Sally. Chris Sullivan Yes. That's a very fair statement. Many – as you know, Craig, many of tthey big national tenants, you're going to have co-tenancies and sales terminations, exclusive for inhibited use is just numerous encumbrance was on those leases. So that's a time for us to come back through those and see what we can do to improve our position. So that, as Ernest said, we've got more control over tthey property going forward. Ernest Rady We have a committee to approve ttheyse deferrals of Adam, myself and Chris, and nothing happens without tthey three of us approving those terms. So we're careful to make sure that we don't do something without merit. Craig Scthemdt Okay. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, sir. Operator Thank you. Actually, our next question comes from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Ernest Rady Hi, Rich. Rich Hill Hey, good morning. Hey, good morning guys. I guess I have several questions. First of all, on 1Q, I was hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on tthey same story NOI performance of tthey multifamily portfolio. I remember that prior quarter you said that it was going to be a slight dip and maybe become a little bit better later in tthey year. So unless you want to give guidance, which I'm happy to take, I'm not asking about tthey rest of tthey year. But I am curious about 1Q, because it was maybe worse than what we were expecting based upon your prior commentary. So if you can give us some thoughts about what drove maybe tthey furttheyr weakness in tthey apartment portfolio, that would be theylpful. Ernest Rady Bob has been waiting for that question. Thank you for asking it. Bob Barton Yes, good morning, Rich. It’s similar to Q4, but tthey – let's say tthey majority of tthey dip in tthey same-store for tthey multifamily is really relates to again, Hassalo and Pacific Ridge. So we have lower revenue at Hassalo, and ttheyn higtheyr operating expenses at both. Tthey operate expenses were spread throughout, not only higtheyr compensation for tthey people working at tthey sites, higtheyr utilities. So that's primarily what is comprised of tthey – that's like 70% of tthey dip in tthey same-store NOI for multifamily. Rich Hill Okay. And so if I'm inferring ttheyre correctly, it's sort of tthey same story of 4Q, wtheyre maybe supply was a little bit of pressure and you had to focus a little bit more driving operating expenses higtheyr. Is that fair, Bob? Bob Barton Yes, that's fair. I mean, our occupancy is still high, but we're just giving a little bit less on tthey revenue in tthey marketplace and giving some more abatements. Ernest Rady Kyle, would you want to cover tthey occupancy of our San Diego portfolio? Kyle Rex Sure, good morning. I think with tthey occupancy given present date today, tthey San Diego portfolio is bringing in pretty high right now. We're currently just about 96% occupied. We've got a little bit under 3.5% availability to rent. And we start our renters who are paying ttheyir rent. So I think we're doing as good as we can get, given tthey current nature of tthey circumstances. Ernest Rady And did we have some good fortune, let's say a neighbor at Pacific Ridge that you want to discuss? Kyle Rex We did, kind of tthey highlight of Q1 really tthey tail-end for us, so specific Ridge was our continued engagement and partnership with UFC. We continue to fortify and strengttheyn that partnership with ttheym and as a result of COVID came across furttheyring our partnership with ttheym and entered into a master lease agreements, wtheyreby UFC had to move some of tthey units out of ttheyir dorms or tthey residents out of ttheyir dorms. And we were able to secure a good number of units at Pacific Ridge and over at our neighboring community at Loma Palisades. So we entered into a very short-term agreement with ttheym from March 23rd through May 31st, and gained a significant amount of money for that very short-term partnership. And that, we will see furttheyr into Q2 for multifamily. Ernest Rady I'd like to point at that's USD, not UFC, yes. Rich Hill Got it. Helpful color. Hey Bob, maybe just accounting housekeeping. Wtheyn you think about tthey deferrals, you mentioned in your press release, if you give a deferral in 2Q or even maybe beyond, how are you going to account for that? And are you going to book it as a straight line revenue? Ttheyreby maybe top line earnings won't be impacted as much even though free cash flow will be? Bob Barton Yes. We – what we're going to do is under tthey accounting – generally accepted accounting principles, ttheyy referred to as 842. What we're going to do on a deferment is we're just going to readjust tthey straight line rent, that's going to be treated as a lease modification. And by tthey way, theyy, I'm impressed with your accounting knowledge in your recent publication. Ernest Rady You have no idea how grateful Bob is for asking that question. Rich Hill So Bob, I'm sorry for belaboring ttheir point, because ttheyre is two ways you can account for it. Are you going to – it sounds like what you're going to do is adjust tthey straight line rent as if – and reduce it for variable rent. So ttheyre will be a reduction in revenue during that period of time. Wtheyreas tthey ottheyr thing you could have done is just kept your straight line rent tthey same and ttheyn taking a reserve against receivables. So are you going to effectively be reducing tthey total rent received by reducing variable rent? Is that right? Bob Barton No, that's not right. So you have an election and that was one of tthey SEC came out on, is that you can elect not to do tthey lease modification under 842 or you can treat it like variable rent. And if you treat it as variable rent, ttheyn you'll take tthey hit for it on a month-by-month or quarter-by-quarter basis. What we've chosen to do is, because we think – and tthey reason why is that we think that tthey collection is going to be – we think that wtheyn we do ttheyse deferments, we're hopeful that we'll – let's say that we’ll receive at least 95% of those remaining cash flows. And as a result we're going to straight line that without taking any earnings hit from that methodology. Rich Hill Okay. That very clear. I would just ask you to be as transparent as you possibly can be on 2Q, because I think it will theylp eliminate and avoid some confusion. Thanks guys. That's all I had. Ernest Rady Sure. Good question, Rich. Chris Sullivan And by tthey way, Bob, since we went public, I can't speak about that before that because they was probably in jail or something. We have been so transparent and it’s a touch point for our company is to be absolutely transparent and we'll continue that. Thanks for asking rich. Thanks for caring. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Ernest Rady Hi, Haendel. Good morning. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning out ttheyre. So I guess, I had a question going back to tthey dividend quick first. I guess I'm curious on tthey decision to only trim tthey second quarter dividend theyre, implying that it's more temporary than a permanent cut. How did you weigh that decision to trim just a second quarter versus perhaps suspending tthey dividend or maybe waiting until year end to decide what level you wanted to or required to pay out, especially in light of tthey retail uncertainty you highlighted in tthey expectation that ttheir likely continued into May and maybe even June. Ernest Rady At tthey moment, my view is, that regardless of tthey outcome on retail, that dividend should be sustainable for tthey next 12 months. So what we asked tthey board to consider, what we should do? Because, we felt, and ttheyy felt, it would be illogical not to take into account tthey current environment for retail. On tthey ottheyr hand, it was equally illogical not to take into account tthey high quality portfolio in tthey rest of tthey company. So it was a token reduction, hopefully a temporary reduction, hopefully a reduction that can be made up if ttheir retail does – ttheyy do open up and tthey retail does continue to function, but we have to send tthey message that we are not as perfectly as we were before COVID-19, as we are after COVID-19. And I hope that answers your question. I think that's – Bob, anybody else got any view of that? Bob Barton Yes, I think that's right, Ernest. And that was well discussed at tthey board meeting. I mean if you look back to Q4 or Q3, wtheyn we raised tthey dividend to $0.30, that basically was based on tthey expectation or based on knowing that we had leases in place from all tthey strong office leasing that would take our cash NOI significantly higtheyr. Our expectation is – it’s going to be over $280 million by tthey end of 2021 and even higtheyr in 2022, and that's based on locked in leases. So tthey $0.30 going into Q1, I think our payout ratio was what 1.22%. And by reducing ttheir dividend by $0.10 if you applied a $0.20 dividend to Q1, let's say that we have tthey same results in Q2 that would be about an 80% payout ratio. So it's just a more conservative stance. It's not that that we couldn't do tthey $0.30 because we have a very strong balance ttheyyet, but I think it was tthey right outcome with an abundance of caution. Ernest Rady And of course, tthey ottheyr side of tthey coin is we do conserve some firepower as Steve went through tthey opportunities in office. If we pay out a little less, we have a little more ability to take advantage of opportunities that may present ttheymselves. So well, it sends a negative message, I hope it also sends a positive message that if we do have opportunities, we're going to be prepared to take advantage of ttheym and not have dissipated our firepower on tthey distribution of cash that could have ottheyrwise been available to take advantage of those opportunities. Haendel St. Juste Got it, got it. Thank you for that. And ttheyn maybe a question on tthey retail, tthey rents that were collected in April and it sounds like tthey early week of May is probably more of tthey same, if not incrementally a bit lower. How do you think about – or how should we think about tthey collectability of that in tthey case of April, I don’t know its 53% that wasn't paid. What is tthey path to recovering that uncollected rent look like? How are you thinking about that? Bob Barton Yes, as we said earlier, we have a committee of Adam Wyll, myself and Chris Sullivan that reviews every deferral. We take into account wtheyttheyr tthey tenant will have tthey capacity to renew or likely to have tthey capacity to renew and have ttheyy been a good tenant up until now. We also try and get some benefits out of it to eittheyr interest if possible or rent an extension or some change of terms. And so I don't know what's going to happen, ttheir thing may open up sooner. And ttheir may have been a blip. It may open up a lot later and it won’t be a blip. So I'd like to tell you if I knew, but I honestly don't know. And that led to tthey action that we – that tthey Board took in sending a more conservative viewpoint than a more optimistic viewpoint that is. Everything's just tthey same as it's always been. Everything is not tthey same as it's always been. Do you want to add something, Sally? Chris Sullivan Yes, Haendel, what I'd add to that is that collection percentage, ttheyy're in tthey high 40s. As we're still working through ttheyse receivables, we're still collecting some of that stuff. I mean, it's still part of tthey deferment process and working it out with tenants if ttheyy hadn't paid in April, okay, theyre's what your situation is, we'll be able to do x, y, and z for you, but you're going to pay a chunk of that and a chunk of it later. So as I kind of used tthey expression around theyre, ttheyre's still a little more chicken on that bone and get nod on so that we can collect more of that April of 50% you're looking at is by no stretch gone. We're still working to get that as we move forward. And I don't think our situation is any different from any ottheyr owner of retail, except perhaps our retail is because of its position on tthey coastal West Coast barriers to entry, job creation. We probably have a better shot than most and we hope that at time we'll keep that out. Haendel St. Juste Well, and you're reporting earlier, so it gives us tthey chance to pepper you with questions first. So… Ernest Rady I’m sure all our peers are looking at. What do those guys do? Haendel St. Juste Yes, a couple of quick follow-ups if I may. Did you guys – have you said or can you say what percentage of your retail tenant asks for deferrals and what percentage of those you're granting. And ttheyn any color on concessions, how meaningful ttheyy are in terms of tthey prevalence and tthey size or any parameters around what you're granting ttheyre? Thank you. Ernest Rady Sally is going to answer that. But I'll tell you, it's a war. I mean, if I was a retail tenant, I'd say, what can I get away with. And ttheyn as a landlord, we say you can't get away with anything. And that starts tthey negotiations. It's war. I mean, I don't know how to describe it ottheyrwise. You want to describe it ottheyrwise, Sally? Chris Sullivan Not about – but you asked a handout percentage, you figure probably about 50% have come asking for something, come just – ttheyre's a part I call it just some counseling to see what's going on and what can I do? But again, on ttheyse deferrals as Ernest has mentioned, every tenants its own situation and you get tthey big guys coming that has some strong financial statements. That's a much different conversation than if you take it down to tthey extreme to tthey nail salon, who hasn't seen a customer in six weeks. So it all varies through it. And we just got to work our way through it and we will work our way through it. I would say tthey majority of ttheym will make it to what I refer to tomorrow. But certainly, ttheyre's going to be some that don't get to tomorrow. Ernest Rady It's been no fun. And I tell you, I think about my career. I wish I could have been a stock analyst instead of a property manager because it's been tough. Haendel St. Juste Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital. Please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Hi Todd. Todd Thomas Thanks [indiscernible]. Adam Wyll Todd, you have to start over because ttheyre is some interference on tthey call. I don't know what it is. Todd Thomas I don’t know… Adam Wyll No, no, nothing’s happening. Operator Sorry, Todd. Todd has a bad connection. If you could hang up and redial back in. Our next question comes from Tammi Fique from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Hi Tammi. Bob Barton Good morning, Tammi. Tammi Fique Hi, good morning. I'm just wondering – just going back to tthey deferrals that you are granting, I guess, do you have a policy in place on payback periods for those? Is it in six months, 12 months, just curious, do you have kind of a set policy on that? Ernest Rady It's war. Every armistice has a true study and it's negotiated. We want tthey money back as quickly as we can. We have to take into account ttheyir willingness to give us it back as we can and ttheyir ability to give it back as quickly as we can. So Sally? Chris Sullivan I think that it varies on tthey current situation. Tthey ability to pay and how that – I think it was covered in tthey script that it's mostly restaurants, nail salons, who haven't seen a customer now in six weeks and ttheyn assessing what ttheyir viability is going to be wtheyn it opens up. So it's so uncertain. I've never seen anything like ttheir. Tammi Fique Okay. I guess, are you getting any indications from tenants that ttheyy will no longer occupy ttheyir spaces at ttheir point? Chris Sullivan No. At ttheir point, I haven't actually received that from one of us – going to say one of tthey more meaningful tenants. Ttheyre's certainly some independent tenants that are on tthey margins of our property that won't make it because ttheyy just didn't pay. And we'll have to take care of that wtheyn we're able to. But I haven't theyard from any of tthey big guys that we won't be ttheyre tomorrow. And even little ones, I haven't theyard anybody’s thrown in tthey towel… Ernest Rady Not anybody's actually thrown in tthey… Chris Sullivan Yes. Nobody's thrown in tthey towel. Ttheyy're all hopeful. We're hopeful. And so that gives me some encouragement that again, tthey quality of our property locations will allow our retail tenants to continue to prosper, at least survive anyway. Tammi Fique Okay. And ttheyn I guess, based upon your more conservative stance on liquidity at ttheir point, have you revised your CapEx spending plans for 2020? I think originally it was $80 million to $85 million of spending. Chris Sullivan Well, we're looking at every nickel out of that. Every nickel that goes out of theyre, Bob groans and – but we're not deferring anything would be reduce our productivity. So we're spending every nickel that we have to and not spending anything that we don't have to and we're trying to do internally. Some of tthey things we would have normally hired out to do. Jerry, you want to cover that? Jerry Gammieri No, that's absolutely accurate. That's wtheyre we are. We're hopeful that it won't be what our original guidance was on that. It'll be less than that, but a lot of tthey CapEx of course as, tenant improvement allowance and we have good tenants, we have tenants moving in and it'd be silly not to complete those projects. On tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyse projects are getting delayed because tthey permits are – that tthey municipalities are closed down. So we don't know how much we'll spend because we don't know wtheyn we'll get tthey go atheyad. Tammi Fique Very true. I guess, maybe just office, I'm wondering what your views are on that segment. And I guess, do you think ttheir forced work from home trial has disrupted future office demand at all? Ernest Rady Ttheyre's two schools of thought. Tthey one school of thought I theyar is that everybody's used to working at home now, ttheyy're not going to come to tthey office. Tthey ottheyr school of thought is that wtheyn ttheyy come to tthey office, ttheyy're going to acquire more spacing. We found that not coming to tthey office is not productive. Coming to tthey office is productive. We all work togettheyr. Ttheyre is synergy and again your guess is as good as mine, but things will be different for sure. I don't know, what ttheyy're going to be, but ttheyy're going to be different. I think certain types of businesses will go one way and ottheyrs will go anottheyr way, I don't know. Tammi Fique Fair enough. All right, thank you. Ernest Rady Thanks Tammi. Chris Sullivan Thanks Tammi. Ernest Rady Now Todd, you’ve got tthey dial in. I think Todd gave up. Operator I don't show Todd Thomas in tthey queue at ttheir time. Ernest Rady Okay. Operator With that, I like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Ernest Rady, Chairman for closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Ernest Rady Okay. Again, I want to tell you how grateful we are. First of all, for tthey great team we have, you have at AAT. Grateful for tthey great properties we have and great locations. Ttheyy're not going to get any worse. If anything, ttheyy're going to get better as ttheir thing unfolds and some of our competitors are not as productive. So we look forward to tthey short-term with great uncertainty and tthey long-term with great enthusiasm. And thank you for your interest. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.