American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q3 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - President and Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Vice President-Office Properties Elijah Rex - Director, Multifamily Conference Call Participants Ravi Vaidya - KeyBanc Capital Markets Lydia Jiang - Mizuho Adam Kramer - Morgan Stanley Walter Francis - Bank of America Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2021 American Assets Trust, Inc.'s Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Adam Wyll, President and Chief Operating Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including, as it may relate to tthey continuing impact of COVID-19. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our third quarter 2021 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam. And good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that we continue to make great progress on all fronts as we rebound from tthey impact of COVID-19. We knew at tthey onset of tthey pandemic that we would not be impervious to its economic impact, but we were confident that tthey high-quality, irreplaceable properties and asset class diversity of our portfolio, combined with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and ample liquidity would theylp us pull through and maybe even come out on tthey ottheyr side better off than at tthey beginning. We continue to be optimistic as we meaningfully rebounded in 2021 and anticipate furttheyr growth in 2022 and beyond. That's why we've aggregated tthey portfolio comprised of a well-balanced collection of office, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties located in dynamic high barrier to entry markets, wtheyre we believe that tthey demographics, pent-up demand and local economies remain strong relative to ottheyrs. Our properties are more resilient in our view to economic downturns as ttheyy are in tthey path of growth, education, and innovation and importantly can likely withstand tthey impact of long-term inflation, perhaps even benefit from tthey benefits of long-term inflation. Along those lines during tthey past quarter, we used our liquidity to acquire 2 complementary and accretive office properties in Bellevue, Washington, a market that we remain very bullish on and in which we expect continued rent growth. Meanwhile, our development of La Jolla Commons III into an 11 story, approximately 210,000 square foot Class A office tower remains on time and on budget for Q2 or Q3 2023 delivery. We are encouraged about tthey leasing prospects in tthey UTC submarket for high-quality, large blocks of space, wtheyre both tech and life science funding continues at record levels and same tenants continue to expand. But we don't have specific news to share on that front at ttheir time. Tthey same holds true for our One Beach Street development on tthey North Waterfront of San Francisco, which we believe to be a unique opportunity for a full building tenant with delivery expected in Q2 or Q3 of 2022. Additionally, I'm happy to inform you that our Board of Directors has approved tthey quarterly dividend of $0.30 a share for tthey third quarter, which we believe is supported by our expectations for operations to continue trending positively. It will be paid on December 23 to shareholders of record on December 9. Adam, Bob and Steve will go into more detail on our various asset segments, collections and financial results and guidance, and I will be available and we'll all be available for any questions that you may have at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. On behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company and for your continued support now more than ever as we aim to grow our earnings and net asset values for our shareholders on an accretive basis. I'm now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. As we look at our portfolio, we are always reminded of tthey importance of owning and operating tthey preeminent properties in each of our markets. That's why we focused on continuing to enhance our best-in-class community shopping centers to promote a better experience for our shoppers with tthey expectation that ttheir will furttheyr strengttheyn our properties as tthey dominant centers in our submarkets. And we understand tthey importance of modern state-of-tthey-art amenities in our office projects, which assist our tenants in tthey hiring and retention of talent in what is currently a very competitive job market. We feel strongly that consistently improving and monetizing our properties, including incorporating sustainability and theyalth and wellness elements is critical to remaining competitive in tthey marketplace in order to attract tthey higtheyst quality and higtheyst credit tenants. Meanwhile, we are encouraged by our approximately 97% collection percentage in Q3, increased leasing activity across all asset classes, fewer tenant failures and bankruptcies than we expected and many modified leases hitting percentage rent thresholds sooner than expected and are collecting of approximately 96% of deferred rents due during tthey third quarter, all validating tthey strategies we implemented during COVID to support our struggling retailers through tthey government-mandated closures as we are fortunate to have tthey financial ability to do so. Briefly on tthey retail front, we've seen an improved leasing environment over tthey past few quarters with positive activity engagement with new retailers for many of our vacancies, including recently signed new deals with Columbia Sportswear, Williams-Sonoma, Total Wine and First Hawaiian Bank to name a few, and renewals with Nordstrom's, Petco and Whole Earth among ottheyrs as well as many ottheyr new deals and renewals in tthey lease documentation process. Retailers are choosing our best-in-class locations to improve ttheyir sales, all tthey while we remain selective in terms of merchandising our shopping centers for tthey longer term. Chris Sullivan and their team have done a tremendous job on that front despite some of tthey continuing theyadwinds at our Waikiki Beach Walk retail. On tthey multifamily front as of quarter end, we were 96% leased at Hassalo in Portland, and 98% leased in San Diego multifamily portfolio. All of tthey master lease units in San Diego that you've theyard us discuss previously were absorbed by early August. Though multifamily collections have been particularly challenging in Portland due to COVID-related government restrictions, we have started receiving meaningful ctheycks from government rental assistant programs to drive down our outstanding amounts owed and expect more ctheycks to come. We are confident that Elijah's strong leadership at San Diego multifamily and Tania's new energy at Hassalo will drive improvements at our multifamily properties, both operationally and financially. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q3 financial results in more detail. Bob Barton Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. Last night we reported third quarter 2021 FFO per share of $0.57, and third quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.17. Third quarter results are primarily comprised of tthey following: actual FFO increased in tthey third quarter by approximately 11.4% on a FFO per share basis to $0.57 per FFO share compared to tthey second quarter of 2021, primarily from tthey following 4 items: first, tthey acquisitions of Eastgate Office Park in Corporate [ph] Campus East III in Bellevue, Washington, on July 7 and September 10, respectively, added approximately $0.023 of FFO per share in Q3. Second, Alamo Quarry in San Antonio added approximately $0.017 of FFO per share in Q3, resulting from 2019 and 2020 real estate tax refunds received during tthey third quarter of 2021, which reduced Alamo Quarry's real estate tax expense. Third, decrease of bad debt expense at Carmel Mountain Plaza added approximately $0.005 per FFO share in Q3. And fourth, tthey Embassy Suites and Waikiki Beach Walk added approximately $0.012 of FFO per share in Q3 due to tthey seasonality over tthey summer months. Let me give you an update on our Waikiki Embassy Suites hotel. Due to tthey impact of tthey delta variant, Hawaiian Governor Ige made a formal announcement on tthey third week in August that if you have plans or are thinking of coming to Hawaii, please don't come until we tell you ottheyrwise. It was not a mandate, but it did create a detrimental impact to our visitors to Hawaii and resulted in huge cancellation starting in August and into September. Our results for Q3 at Embassy Suites hotel were expected to be much higtheyr. Overall, occupancy, ADR and RevPAR continued to increase on theyading in tthey right direction. As of October 19, Governor Ige made anottheyr formal announcement to begin welcoming all essential and nonessential travel, starting November 1, 2021. We look forward to welcoming tthey fully vaccinated individuals and ramping up our visitor industry. On our Q2 earnings call, I mentioned that Japan, who was ttheyn approximately 9% fully vaccinated, is now over 65% fully vaccinated and is expected to hit 80% by November. All emergency measures in Japan were lifted on September 30 and lifted tthey intensive antivirus measures. It marks tthey first time since April that Japan is free of corona virus declarations and intensive measures. We expect to start seeing tthey Japanese tourists beginning to slowly start revisiting tthey Hawaiian Islands beginning in November, including Waikiki. Now as we look at our consolidated statement of operations for tthey 3 months ended September 30, 2021, our total revenue increased approximately $6.5 million over Q2 '21, which is approximately a 7% increase. Approximately 43% of that was from tthey 2 new office acquisitions. Same-store cash NOI overall was strong at 14% year-over-year, with office consistently strong before, during and post-COVID and retail showing strong signs of recovery. Multifamily was flat primarily year-over-year as a result of higtheyr bad debt expense at our Hassalo on 8 departments in Portland, but it was still approximately 5% higtheyr than Q2 2021. As previously disclosed, we acquired Corpus Campus East III on September 10, comprised of an approximately 161,000 square foot multi [indiscernible] office campus located just off Interstate 405 and 520 freeway interchange, less than 5 minutes away from downtown Bellevue, Washington. Tthey 4 building campus is currently 86% leased to a diversified tenant base, which we saw as an opportunity wtheyn in-place rents were compared to what we were seeing in tthey marketplace. Tthey purchase price of approximately $84 million was paid with cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey going-in cap rate was north of 3% as a result of tthey existing vacancy. Our expectation based on our underwriting is that ttheir asset will produce a 5-year average cap rate over 6% and a strong unlevered IRR of 7%. Let's talk about liquidity. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had liquidity of approximately $522 million, comprised of approximately $172 million in cash and cash equivalents and $350 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.4x. Our focus is to maintain our net debt-to-EBITDA at 5.5x or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.9x. As we approach year-end, we are providing our 2021 guidance. Tthey full year range of 2021 is $1.91 to $1.93 per FFO share with a midpoint of $1.92 per FFO share. With that midpoint, we would expect Q4 2021 to be approximately $0.46 per FFO share. Tthey $0.11 estimated difference in Q4 FFO per share would be attributable to tthey following: approximately a negative $0.025 of FFO per share relating to nonrecurring collection of prior rents at one of our ttheyaters in Q3 that will not occur in Q4 2021. Secondly, our mixed-use properties are expected to be down approximately $0.037 of FFO per share relating to tthey normal seasonality of tthey Embassy Suites hotel and tthey related parking. Third, Alamo Quarry is expected to be down approximately $0.02 of FFO per share relating to tthey nonrecurring property tax refund that was received in Q3 2021 for 2019 and 2020. And we expect G&A and interest expense to increase and ttheyrefore, decrease FFO by approximately $0.02 per FFO share. Additionally, we plan to issue 2022 full year guidance subject to Board approval wtheyn we announce year-end 2021 results in February of 2022. Historically, we have issued our full year guidance on tthey Q3 earnings call. We believe resetting tthey issuance and cadence of our guidance to tthey Q4 earnings call going forward is more in alignment with our peers and also gives us more clarity as to tthey following year guidance. As always, our guidance in ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt re-financings or repayments ottheyr than what we've already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis, interpretations of our quarterly numbers. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks, Bob. Our office portfolio grew by approximately 440,000 square feet or nearly 13% in Q3 with tthey 2 new office acquisitions. We brought up ttheyse assets on board at approximately 92% leased with approximately 20% rolling through 2022, which provides us with tthey opportunity to deliver start rates from approximately 10% to 30% over ending rents. At tthey end of tthey third quarter at One Beach, which remains under redevelopment, our office portfolio [indiscernible] approximately 93% leased with 1.5% expiring through tthey end of 2021, approximately 9% expiring in 2022 with tour and proposed activity that has increased significantly. Our office portfolio has weattheyred tthey storm well. In tthey second and third quarters, we executed 57,000 annual square feet of comparable new and renewal leases with increases over prior rent of 9.2% and 14.5% on a cash and straight-line basis respectively. New start rates for tthey 2021 rollover are estimated to be approximately 17% above tthey ending rates. In fact, we are at least documentation for over half of tthey space rolling in 2021 as start rates nearly 28% over ending rates. New start rates for tthey 2022 rollovers are estimated to be approximately 18% above tthey ending rates. We are employing multiple initiatives to drive rent growth and occupancy, including renovating buildings with significant vacancy, adding or enhancing amenities, aggregating and white boxing larger loss of space wtheyre ttheyre is a scarcity of such blocks and improving our smaller spaces to be move-in ready. By way of a few examples, we are just completing renovations of 2 buildings at Torrey Reserve in San Diego. Those 2 buildings represent 80% of tthey total project vacancy. We now have leases signed or in documentation for over half of that vacancy at premium rates. We will be completing similar renovations Eastgate Office Park wtheyre leasing activity is already robust, but we anticipate taking ttheir property to tthey next level of quality. We are adding new fitness and conference facilities at Torrey Reserve, City Center Bellevue and Corporate Campus East III and will be furttheyr enhancing tthey employee's amenities building at Eastgate. We believe that our continued strategic investments in our portfolio will position us to capture more than our fair share of that absorption at premium rents as tthey markets improve. And we have more to look forward to with redevelopments and development. In addition to One Beach Street and La Jolla Commons previously mentioned by Ernest, construction is nearly complete on tthey redevelopment of [7 Tower Square] in tthey [indiscernible] market at Portland, which will add anottheyr 32,000 rentable square feet to tthey office portfolio. In summary, our office portfolio was [indiscernible] as we move forward into tthey rest of 2021 and beyond. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please. Ravi Vaidya Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Ravi Vaidya on tthey line for Todd Thomas. It seems that tthey multifamily portfolio continues to recover. Rents were up nicely on a sequential basis and occupancy has also rebounded. Alexanderualized multifamily NOI is still just a touch under tthey 22 NOI forecast that you recently disclosed. Is it fair to assume that multifamily is tracking atheyad or do you expect it to pull back a bit in tthey near term? Ernest Rady Ttheir is Ernest. Actually, multifamily is looking like it's on an uptrend. So tthey rental market is tight in San Diego. Elijah is nodding theyr theyad in affirmation. And Portland, which adds a degree of uncertainty is still doing much better than it did during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic or tthey pit of tthey problems it went through. So we're very optimistic on our multifamily portfolio, and thank you for asking. Ravi Vaidya Thank you. Just one more theyre. Can you please comment on One Beach Street, noticed tthey percent lease rate dropped from 15 to 0, was ttheyre a 10 fallout? And can you discuss tthey leasing environment a bit more broadly? Have you seen any delays in lease signings or are companies indicating at all to you that ttheyy are rethinking ttheyir office needs? Adam Wyll That was a strategic lease termination. We had an existing tenant on tthey third floor that tthey construction activity is so significant. It was just too disruptive. And rattheyr than fight over it, we came to a mutual agreed upon termination settlement, moved ttheym out and that accelerates construction and also lowers cost because we were having to work around that tenant in place. So that was a strategic termination. Ernest Rady I hope that answers your question. If you -- do you want any more detail? Ravi Vaidya No, that's fine. Thank you. Appreciate it. Ernest Rady Okay. It's going to be a beautiful building, by tthey way, and we're really excited about it, and it's tthey right thing for tthey market. And you have to see it to see how well it's turning out relative to what it was. Adam Wyll I would add to that, that having tthey full building versus a big block of space with anottheyr 10 in tthey building is more desirable. Ravi Vaidya Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your question please. Lydia Jiang Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Lydia Jiang for Haendel. Thank you for taking my question. Can you provide more detail on what is driving tthey changes in rent collections, particularly retail increasing from 93% in July versus 96% in October as well as mixed-use which dropped meaningfully from 85% in July to 72% in October? Ernest Rady You're not coming through clearly. So I don't know how to handle ttheir, but maybe you can answer it generally. Unidentified Company Representative In general -- in general, retail is turned back on, tthey critical thing I always preach is school going back. People are spending money in our collections have come back up significantly with tthey majority of our tenants paying tthey rent without a fight. I didn't really -- you asked a lot of ottheyr questions in ttheyre on some numbers. I have to rely on Bob to ctheme in on that. Ernest Rady Or if we can't, we're just going to guess at tthey answers you're looking for. But if you don't receive ttheym, please do call Bob Barton. And hopefully, tthey transmission will be clear, and we'll be able to understand tthey question. Bob, do you want to just give some overview? Bob Barton Yes. Ttheir is Lydia, right? Lydia Jiang Yes. Hi, ttheir is Lydia. Sorry about tthey connection. Bob Barton Yeah, Hi, Lydia. I'm not sure, it's on your end or our end, but we've got a lot of echo. So we're, kind of, at a loss theyre. But generally, what you're saying is -- correct me if I'm wrong, is you're asking about tthey change in tthey percentage occupancy from Q2 to Q3. Is that correct? Lydia Jiang Yes. Bob Barton Yes. I mean, if you look on tthey earnings release, Page 4, I mean, office is flat, but I don't know if ttheyre's much room to go. It's from 99.5% to 99.5%, I mean I think it's -- I think office is strong. Retail is on track. We're having much better collections. And I think in -- if you read through Adam's comments, they mentioned many of tthey tenants that we have recently signed in tthey retail. So retail is coming along. It's still a tough go from some perspective only because we're coming out of COVID. So we have some modifications, but I think we're past a negotiation standpoint. Now everybody is coming back to tthey -- to each of our centers. We're starting to see tthey ttheyaters start to have people back in ttheym, especially with tthey issuance of tthey Bond movie recently. And multifamily, I think Elijah and Ernest spoke on that. So that continues to be on an upward trend overall. And mixed-use tthey highs and tthey lows over Q3, we -- that's tthey high season for tthey Embassy Suites. So we always expect to be up over -- in Q3 about $0.02 of FFO. Our occupancy, we manage towards 88% year-round. And we adjust tthey rate accordingly based on tthey demand and tthey season that we're entering into. So I hope that answers your questions. Ernest Rady Lydia, I've always said wtheyn it comes to retail, we're going to do as well as anybody. And that's how it's playing out. We're doing as well as anybody, period. So tthey quality of our portfolio is coming through. And since we're having trouble communicating, please, if you have any additional questions call Bob directly. We want to answer all your questions as clearly as we can. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Richard Hill from Morgan Stanley. Your question please. Adam Kramer Hey, you Adam Kramer on for Richard. Good morning, guys. Hope you are well. So look, we appreciate, kind of providing tthey '21 guide, but kind of wanted to discuss your expectations for '22. And obviously recognize that you haven't provided formal guidance at ttheir point. But in tthey most recent investor deck, it seemed like expectations for '22 NOI were lowered slightly versus tthey prior presentation. So I just want to ask about that change in '22 NOI expectations. And ttheyn kind of related to that, your thoughts around tthey recovery to pre-COVID NOI in multifamily and retail. Ernest Rady Ttheir is Ernest. From my point of view, 2022 is going to be a formative year. And we are confident, if not hopeful, that 2023 is going to provide some significantly good news, which we can't comment on now because ttheyy're in process. Bob, do you want to add anything? Bob Barton Yes. First of all, to your question on tthey bridge that we've tried to keep people informed about and be as transparent as possible through ttheir COVID period, I think we're still on track for that bridge. I don't think we're too far off. We made some adjustments in tthey third quarter on that, which we did publish. But some went down, some went up. It's more of a timing issue than anything. And wtheyn you drop in tthey G&A and interest expense, which is not on tthey bridge and come down to an FFO, I think we're still on track. So while you have a little bit of noise in tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter, trying to come out with a run rate, that's what we're just finalizing that now. And we think that it's likely that we'll issue tthey guidance for 2022 on tthey fourth quarter earnings call. So it shouldn't be too far off of what you've seen so far. Ernest Rady From a macro point of view, at tthey moment, ttheyre is significant inflation in tthey cost of construction. If our portfolio were to be valued at $4 billion or $5 billion and you add tthey 14% inflation, tthey replacement cost of ttheir real estate has increased. Tthey timing of that translating into increased rents is your guess is as good as mine. But we are really happy with what we own. Adam Kramer Got it. No, that's really theylpful. And ttheyn just, Ernest, you kind of mentioned about tthey kind of inflation in cost of construction. And it's a really good point. So maybe if I could just kind of press you guys on that a little bit. I think you mentioned kind of tthey development projects are on sctheydule. What are you seeing in terms of cost of labor, cost for construction, cost for materials, raw materials? Is that kind of having an impact and maybe if you can quantify what that impact has been so far or what you're seeing for expectations for ttheyse projects? Ernest Rady We were fortunate in that we bought out most of what we're spending ttheir year, last year at tthey theyight of pandemic. We are seeing on a go-forward basis significant inflation in construction costs, and I'm going to ask Jerry Gammieri [ph] who theyads that department to cover it in more detail if you prefer. Unidentified Company Representative Yes. And to Ernest's point, we were very successful in buying out tthey majority of ttheyse projects pre ttheir construction inflation, which has occurred over tthey last year. It is a real problem industry-wide, but I think on tthey 2 development projects that we have under construction now, One Beach and Lo Jolla Commons III, we were very successful in making a good buy. And as Ernest alluded to earlier, those costs today are up in excess of probably close to 15% beyond what we bought it at. So we feel pretty good about wtheyre we are. Ernest Rady And grateful. Adam Kramer Got it. Got it. And ttheyn just a final one for me. Obviously kind of congrats you guys on closing those 2 deals in Bellevue. Just wanted to ask about kind of tthey outlook for furttheyr acquisitions. I recognize tthey liquidity bridge that you kind of gave earlier, which is really theylpful, but just kind of outlook for furttheyr acquisitions, appetite for furttheyr acquisitions and what you're kind of seeing in tthey market now? Ernest Rady What you're asking us to expose is tthey debate that goes on continuously within tthey company. Bob doesn't want to spend any money because they wants us to have liquidity. I want to buy assets because I think inflation is going to create value for our stockholders. So we're on tthey hunt. Anything that we buy is going to have to be compelling and accretive, and we're looking every day. And every day Bob tells me that our net debt-to-EBITDA, our cash, et cetera, et cetera. So we'll keep you informed as tthey debate continues. Is that a good way of putting it? Let me clarify that. Is ttheyre -- my view... Adam Kramer We've got a buying demand ttheyre. Bob Barton I love ttheir guide. I love to spend money wtheyn it's accretive for tthey investors. And we do focus on a conservative debt profile. That's a fair summary. Thank you, Bob. Ernest Rady That’s a fair summary. Thank you, Bob. Adam Kramer I really appreciate tthey time. Thank you, guys. Ernest Rady Thank you. Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Walter Francis from Bank of America. Your question please. Walter Francis Good morning. My question is on your multifamily leasing strategy. Occupancy was up 9% ttheir quarter to 97%, but average rent was still down year-over-year. Are you focused on regaining occupancy? And do you think you can push rents from theyre and to what extent do you think your multifamily portfolio has pricing power? Ernest Rady You want me to handle it, Elijah, or should I handle -- or should you want to handle? Okay. Yes. I'm good to go. You want to go? Elijah Rex How about you going? Ernest Rady Okay. Well, first of all, last year, tthey rental increases were constricted by tthey government regulation. Those are now coming off gradually. Last year, collections were aided by government payments. Those will probably come to an end. But in tthey market in San Diego, ttheyre is a very tight rental market, a very tight housing market, which provides us an opportunity provided ttheyre's no more government regulation to increase rents more than certainly ttheyy did last year. In addition to that, we're spending money on our projects to take ttheym to anottheyr level. I think those 2, and I hope those 2 factors will allow us to give -- provide a pleasant surprise as far as rental income. Elijah, do you want to add something to that? Elijah Rex Sure. Hi, Walter. I think our strategy for multifamily, both in San Diego and in Portland is not only a (inaudible) occupancy, but also to ensure that tthey rental rates are comparing or trending upwards with not only tthey county and tthey state, but also in tthey local region. So I think effectively for us occupancy is a determining factor. But obviously, our rental rates are what we want to push upwards. Wtheyn we look at San Diego, tthey multifamily portfolio theyre is actually trending higtheyr than that of tthey county's market rates. Our loss to lease is actually pretty low in comparison in tthey market, and we just continue to push forward. And I think I'd say tthey same for Portland as well. I think our strategy is to capitalize on what renters are looking for. We're obviously looking to amenitize, reposition and offer great experiences to tthey residents to prove value for ttheym. Ernest Rady That's very well put, Elijah. And I think tthey long and tthey short of ttheir, we're going to get what we can, and we're going to earn it by improving tthey properties we have and Elijah has put it and Portland has put in place excellent management. So we're optimistic. Actually more than optimistic if you want to know tthey truth. Walter Francis Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tammy Feet [ph] from Wells Fargo Securities. Your question please. Unidentified Analyst Thanks, good morning. Maybe just going back on tthey $70 million of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet I guess I'm just wondering, is that your mark for tthey development program or what do you think is tthey capacity for acquisitions on tthey balance ttheyyet today? Ernest Rady Well, ttheir -- we had a question comparable to that earlier. And ttheyre's a constant debate. Obviously, we have more than enough cash on tthey balance ttheyyet to complete our construction. And ttheyn we would love to acquire something, both Bob and I would love to acquire something that's accretive for our stockholders. We do have in mind our liquidity as being a significant factor in tthey valuation of our securities. So with that in mind, we're going to do what we can to enhance tthey value. Real estate, tthey replacement cost of real estate is -- I hate to use tthey word, but it's going up dramatically, maybe even going through tthey roof. So anything you can buy today is going to cost us a lot more to replace tomorrow. And that's what drives me. And of course, Bob provides a balanced approach and that liquidity is important also. So we weigh those 2 factors going forward, and we hope that we make tthey right decisions for all our stockholders. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. Thanks. And ttheyn maybe just sticking with tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey leverage net debt-to-EBITDA ticked up slightly in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter, presumably, as you put some of tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet to work. I guess I'm wondering, Bob, wtheyn do you think you can get to that 5.5x target that you outlined? Ernest Rady We had trouble theyaring you. Did you theyar it, Bob? Bob Barton Yes. Tammy, we've got that echo going on theyre. Yes, wtheyn it will happen, that's -- we'll try to give some more insight on that in our 2022 guidance. We're going through that at ttheir point in time. Wtheyre we are now, we may tick up a little bit and ttheyn will start coming down. Keep in mind, we have cash that's been put to work on La Jolla Commons redevelopment, on One Beach. And we don't have offsetting earnings coming in at ttheir point in time. So wtheyre we are now is that we expect that One Beach will be completed in '22, and we're expecting to see revenue from One Beach coming in '23 or La Jolla Commons III and University Town Center theyre in San Diego, which is a dynamic, a very strong market, we expect that to be finittheyyd, completed in '23 with revenue coming in '24. So while it may tick up a little bit, it's going to come back down and we do see in our corporate operating model wtheyre we will hit that 5.5%. So I just can't give you tthey -- I'd rattheyr give that to you later in our '22 guidance next quarter. Ernest Rady Ttheir is a macro strategy. You will recall that we offered -- wtheyn private placement debt became more expensive than public issuance, we offered $0.5 billion of bonds, which were 4.5x oversubscribed, and that was -- that interest rate is locked in for -- at 3 and 3 for 10 years. I think that is going to prove to be a really good move as inflation becomes more of a factor. And if feds have to tighten interest rates, we're going to be very glad we have that fixed rate for 10 years, also as tthey replacement cost of our real estate increases significantly. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Maybe just one more. Bob, you mentioned I think that higtheyr G&A and interest expenses were contributing to sort of tthey drop in Q3 -- in Q4 versus Q3 FFO. I guess I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on what's driving that? Bob Barton Yes. Working with COVID, we're expecting higtheyr costs in tthey fourth quarter on G&A. And just to replace some of our people, it's -- tthey market is strong out ttheyre, to say tthey least. In terms of interest, we have tthey rate and even on our line of credit, I mean, costs are going up. So what we're seeing all in all is that we expect some of ttheyse costs to increase in tthey fourth quarter. Hopefully, it's not as much as that. We always want to under-promise and over-deliver. So we'll do tthey best we can to keep our G&A down and get tthey best cost of capital as we go forward. Ernest Rady What we're going through is no different than what tthey economy is going through. Tthey -- it's an inflationary environment. Inflationary environment works against us in tthey short-term expenditure, but works for us in tthey long-term replacement cost of our properties. And that's a good question. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very much for your time. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand tthey program back to Ernest Rady, Chairman and CEO, for any furttheyr remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Thank you all for your interest. We've all been through a very difficult period. I've always hoped and I've said that we've had difficult times before, and we will come out at tthey ottheyr end of ttheir better off than we went in. I'm still hopeful that's tthey case, if not confident that's tthey case. With tthey properties we have, tthey projects we have in place. And what we see in tthey economy and tthey strong markets we have, I'm really - I'm really excited and glad wtheyre - with what we have, wtheyre we have and tthey team we have working on. So thank you all very much for your interest. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.+