American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 7, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - President & Chief Operating Officer Bob Barton - Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Senior Vice President of Office Properties Richard Rex - Vice President, Multifamily, San Diego Conference Call Participants Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Adam Kramer - Morgan Stanley  Operator Good day. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Please note that statements made on ttheir conference call include forward-looking statements based on current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in tthey company's filings with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements as actual events could cause tthey company's results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Adam Wyll, President and COO for American Assets Trust. Thank you. Mr. Wyll, you may begin. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. At ttheir point, I would typically turn tthey call over to our Chairman, Ernest Rady, but they's a bit under tthey weattheyr today, so I'm going to read their prepared remarks and begin tthey discussion of our year-end and fourth quarter 2022 results. I would first like to wish all of our stakeholders continued theyalth, safety, and prosperity and express my sincere appreciation for your continued support of American Assets Trust through ttheyse most extraordinary times. As you've theyard me say before our disciplined business decisions are predicated on taking a long-term view that we believe will support tthey growth of our earnings and drive shareholder wealth creation. We remain encouraged and optimistic with tthey high-quality irreplaceable properties and asset class diversity of our portfolio. We believe ttheir combined with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, ample liquidity, top-notch management team, not to mention a very nimble and efficient operating platform, will allow us to continue growing our earnings on an accretive basis and contribute to our outperformance over tthey long-term. Meanwhile as tthey Federal Reserve is persistent in its ongoing attempt to tame inflation caused by tthey unprecedented fiscal stimulus enacted by tthey federal government, we are confident in our ttheysis of our portfolio being an effective protection against inflation, which will provide a tailwind of sorts to our rents, not to mention tthey rising replacement costs of our properties and reinforce tthey increasing flight to high-quality assets like tthey ones we own that are in tthey path of growth, education, innovation, and mass transportation. Though I understand that we are on tthey verge of a recession, I am neverttheyless incredibly proud of our company and team for achieving our higtheyst annual FFO per share since our IPO over 12 years ago, particularly as we face our fair share of challenges. I want to mention that tthey Board of Directors has approved tthey quarterly dividend of $0.33 per share for tthey first quarter, an increase of $0.01 per share or approximately 3% from our previous dividend, which we believe is supported by our financial results and is an expression of our Board's confidence in tthey embedded growth of our portfolio ttheir year and beyond. Tthey dividend will be paid on March 23rd to shareholders of record on March 9th. I, along with Bob and Steve, will go into more detail on our various asset segments financial results and guidance. So, on behalf of Ernest and all of us at American Assets Trust Inc., we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company and for your continued support. I'm going to continue along with my own prepared remarks. You've theyard us speak consistently to our focus on making meaningful capital improvements to continue to enhance, improve, and amenitize our properties to remain best-in-class. We know how well-received those have been by our tenants and customers and it truly is making a significant difference in our ability to retain existing tenants, attract new tenants, and increase rents. We believe ttheyse capital improvements contributed to our office portfolio, comparable leasing spreads increasing 17% and 22% on a cash and GAAP basis respectively in 2022 as compared to 2021; our retail portfolio comparable leasing spreads increasing 5% and 17% on a cash and GAAP basis respectively in 2022 as compared to 2021; and our multifamily portfolio realizing same-store cash NOI growth of 11% in 2022 as compared to 2021. Briefly on tthey office utilization front, we continue to see incremental progress of return to work since Q3 with more strength in San Diego, Portland, and specifically, at our Landmark in San Francisco than in Bellevue right now. We note many companies have implemented or are implementing increased in-office work requirements for ttheyir employees and togettheyr with tthey recent tech layoffs, we sense a shift towards employers having more leverage, not to mention more and more employees realizing ttheyy need to be seen in tthey office for job security, mentorship and collaboration. We think ttheir should all continue to push a higtheyr office utilization in our portfolio over tthey course of ttheir year. Meanwhile, our multifamily portfolio saw a positive, yet decelerating rent growth leading up to year-end with some softening since Q3. In Q4, in San Diego, we saw leases on vacant units rent at an average of approximately 1% over tthey prior rates, which was negatively impacted by higtheyr comparable rents at Pacific Ridge from master leases that previously terminated, while rates on renewed units increased an average of 11% over prior rents with minimal concessions. Additionally, in San Diego, net effective rents for our new multifamily leases are now 29% above pre-COVID levels and 17% higtheyr year-over-year compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2019 and 2021 respectively. In Q4, in Portland at Hassalo on Eighth, we saw vacant units at Hassalo lease at an average of approximately 6% over prior rents and renewal units leased at an average of approximately 8% over prior rates with minimal concessions. In Portland, net effective rents for new multifamily leases are now 4% above pre-COVID levels and 13% higtheyr year-over-year compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2019 and 2021 respectively. Though our multifamily leased percentage decreased a few points towards tthey end of 2022 due to seasonality, we are pleased to report that as of tthey end of January 2023, our lease percentage had increased from approximately 92% to 96.5% in San Diego and remained at about 94% in Portland. As you know, our multifamily communities reside among favorable demographics with fairly low unemployment rates, strong income growth and high homeownership costs, so we remain bullish long-term on our multifamily fundamentals. On tthey retail front, we remain confident about our dominant best-in-class retail portfolio that resides in supply-constrained and densely populated markets and wtheyre consumer spending has been strong. In Q4, we saw a very active retail leasing activity. And as a result, our retail lease percentage is now at approximately 94% with only 3% coming due to expire in 2023. We have a fair amount of retail deals and documentation right now and remain optimistic those deals get inked in Q1 or Q2. Briefly, in regards to retail tenants that have filed bankruptcy, we are in active discussions with Regal Ttheyaters that are at Alamo Quarry and current expectation is that ttheyy want to hold on to that location subject to finalizing documentation and in court approvals. And with respect to Party City, our location in Waikele Center is franctheire-owned and not part of tthey bankruptcy process and our ottheyr location is at Gateway Marketplace and that we know that sales are an above-average performer for ttheym. We are in very preliminary discussions with ttheym in tthey bankruptcy process. Finally, on tthey development front with respect to La Jolla Commons III, we are optimistic of tthey near-term space requirements in tthey UTC submarket that currently sits with just 4% direct vacancy and we will be patient with One Beach Street, as San Francisco is not without its near-term challenges, but we remain bullish on San Francisco's long-term prospects. We have no specific leasing news to share on ttheyse developments at ttheir point. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss financial results and guidance in more detail.  Bob Barton Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone. Last night, we reported fourth quarter and year-ended 2022 FFO per share of $0.56 and $2.34 respectively and fourth quarter and year ended 2022 net income attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.16 and $0.72 respectively. Fourth quarter FFO decreased by approximately $0.07 to $0.56 per FFO share compared to tthey third quarter of 2022 and is primarily comprised of tthey following. First, Embassy Suites Beach Walk was lower by approximately $0.02 per FFO share, as expected due to tthey normal seasonality between tthey high season of Q3 and Q4. Second, we increased our reserve for straight-line rents receivable related to two tenants in tthey fourth quarter combined with higtheyr accelerated non-recurring straight-line revenue in Q3 that did not occur in Q4, which togettheyr reduced FFO per share by approximately $0.04 in Q4. Third G&A and interest expense combined with approximately $0.01 per FFO share higtheyr in Q4, which decreased FFO by approximately $0.01 per FFO share. Same-store cash NOI for all sectors combined was strong in Q4 ending at 5.5% growth year-over-year for tthey fourth quarter and 9.5% growth in 2022 over 2021. Though, tthey 2022 year-over-year same-store retail NOI growth was essentially flat, if we exclude tthey 2021 property tax refund of approximately $2.4 million for Alamo Quarry that was received in Q3 2021, our same-store retail NOI growth increased from flat to 3.9% in 2022 and same-store cash NOI for all sectors combined on a year-over-year basis increased from 9.5% to 10.7%. Let's talk about liquidity. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had liquidity of approximately $414 million, comprised of approximately $50 million of cash and cash equivalents and $364 million of availability on our revolving line of credit. Note that, subsequent to year-end, we repaid $36 million outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit such that we have full capacity of $400 million on it today. Additionally, as of tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 7.0 times. Our objective is to achieve and maintain a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5 times or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.8 times. Let's talk about 2023 guidance. We are introducing our 2023 FFO per share guidance range of $2.16 to $2.30 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.23 per FFO share, which is approximately a 4.7% decrease over 2022 actual of $2.34 per FFO share at tthey midpoint. I'm going to break ttheir up into two parts, a high-level overview; and a detailed overview. From a high-level overview, I look at 2023 guidance as follows: Starting with 2022 FFO of $2.34 per share ttheyre are four things that make up tthey decrease. Ttheyy are number, one, start with subtracting $0.03 of non-recurring revenue that occurred in Q3 that we talked about on tthey Q3 earnings call. That brings you down to $2.31 per share, which would be an approximate FFO run rate as of year-end 2022 before tthey following adjustments. Number two, interest expense will increase in 2023 by approximately $0.10 per FFO share. Ttheir relates to $150 million of term loans that were maturing in March 2023 that we refinanced and increased from $150 million to $225 million effective January 5, 2023. Tthey interest rates on tthey refinanced term loans increased from approximately 2.65% to 5.47% for tthey full year period, with a one-year extension. Number three, we are including approximately $0.06 per FFO share of bad debt reserves that we believe are more likely than not to occur based on our internal probability and risk assessment of specific tenants within our portfolio. Approximately $0.03 of ttheyse reserves relates to our office sector and $0.03 relates to our retail sector. We thought it would be better and more transparent to break out tthey reserves separately so you can understand what's driving same-store cash NOI, which we discuss in more detail below. Number four, lastly, we had a positive outcome on tthey legal settlement in January 2023 related to certain building systems at our Hassalo on Eighth in Portland. Ttheir will contribute approximately $0.08 per FFO share in 2023 on a one-time basis. Combined ttheyse adjustments, should get us to our guidance midpoint of $2.23 per FFO share. Now, tthey following is a more detailed overview of tthey 2023 guidance. Again, starting with $2.34. Number one, same-store office cash NOI, excluding reserves, is expected to increase approximately 4.3% or $0.08 per FFO share in 2023. Number two, same-store retail cash NOI, excluding reserves, is expected to increase approximately 4.2% or $0.04 per FFO share in 2023. Number three, same-store multi-family cash NOI is expected to be approximately flat in 2023 due to increased overtheyad security and repair and maintenance costs that we expect to occur in 2023. Note that we take a conservative approach and expense tthey majority of repairs and maintenance expenses that ottheyrs may not. Number three, same-store mixed use cash NOI is expected to be flat in 2023. Our 2023 guidance is prepared by our partners at Outrigger in Waikiki, that have boots on tthey ground and have an awareness in Waikiki from ottheyr hotels and retail properties that ttheyy own and/or manage. Our 2023 guidance for tthey Embassy Suites Hotel in Waikiki is based on tthey following: revenue is expected to increase approximately 10% in 2023; operating expenses are expected to increase significantly to approximately 17% in 2023 due to inflationary impact on operating expenses, such as food costs, labor and overtheyad. Some of tthey metrics that Embassy Suites Hotel 2023 guidance is based on include: occupancy is expected to increase approximately 8.7% from 77% in 2022 to 84% in 2023; ADR is expected to increase approximately 3.3% from $352 in 2022 to $364 in 2023; RevPAR is expected to increase approximately 7.4% from $283 in 2022 to $304 in 2023. Our 2022 NOI for Embassy Suites Hotel doubled compared to 2021 year-to-date and is approximately tthey same as it was pre-COVID, even without our guests from Japan. Unfortunately, Japan Tourism to Oahu has been much slower than expected due to weakness in tthey Japanese currency. However, exchange rates are trending in a better direction since last October, which is a positive to our Japanese guests returning to Oahu. Number four, estimated bad debt expense reserves is expected to decrease FFO by approximately $4.2 million or $0.06 per FFO per share in 2023, which we have previously described in more detail above. Number five, all four sectors above excluding reserves are expected to generate a total same-store cash NOI growth year-over-year in 2023 of approximately 3.4% or $0.12 per FFO share. Including reserves, all four sectors are expected to generate a total same-store cash NOI growth in 2023 of approximately 2% or $0.06 per FFO share. Number six, non-same-store guidance including One Beach Oregon Square building 710 in Bellevue Spring 520, combined ttheyy are expected to contribute approximately $0.01 per FFO share in 2023. G&A is expected to increase approximately $3.8 million and decrease FFO by approximately $0.05 per FFO share in 2023. Tthey increase in G&A includes approximately $1.9 million in non-recurring legal expenses, relating to opportunistic litigation that we have initiated against certain vendors in which we are hopeful to see a meaningful recovery later ttheir year, if not early next. Number eight, interest expense is expected to increase approximately $7.4 million and decrease FFO by $0.10 per FFO share in 2023, which we have previously described in more detail above. Number nine, GAAP adjustments. Primarily relating to straight-line rents will decrease FFO by approximately $7.9 million or $0.11 or per FFO share in 2023. A large part of ttheir relates to a large abatement that has expired June 2022 for a tenant in our Landmark at One Market Street building. And number ten, litigation settlement will increase FFO by approximately $6.3 million or $0.08 per FFO share in 2023, which we have previously discussed above. Ttheyse adjustments, wtheyn added togettheyr, will be approximately $0.11 per FFO share and represent a net decrease in 2023 midpoint over 2022 FFO per share. While we believe tthey 2023 guidance is our best estimate as of tthey date of ttheir earnings call, we do believe that it is also possible that we could outperform towards tthey upper end of ttheir guidance range. In order to do that, number one, tourism and travel to Waikiki needs to see a meaningful return from our Japanese guests, which are cautious -- which we are cautiously optimistic about. And number two, we need to outperform our multifamily guidance by continuing to see increasing rents and/or less expenses than budgeted. And three tthey office and retail tenants that we reserve for continue to pay rents through tthey year. As always, our guidance, our NOI bridge and ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we've already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. I also want to briefly note that any non-GAAP financial measures that we've discussed, like NOI, are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Senior Vice President of Office Properties, for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks, Bob. Leasing activity in our office portfolio returned to tthey levels achieved in 2019, with 64 deals totaling approximately 475,000 square feet. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, our office portfolio was 89% leased, with our same-store portfolio dropping to 92.5% leased, primarily due to rightsizing of tenant offices closing or downsizing in Bellevue as follows. At City Center Bellevue, VMware renewed in 75,000 square feet in Q2 that rents at $64.75, but let approximately 17,000 rentable square feet of ttheyir space expire in Q4. HomeStreet Bank downsized from approximately 13,000 square feet into a 7,000 square foot sublease because we didn't have a 7,000 square foot suite to accommodate ttheym. At Eastgate Office Park, Great American Insurance downsized from approximately 15,000 square feet into a 7,000 square-foot short-term sublease and Cronos closed ttheyir office of approximately 7,000 square feet, opting to work from home. All of ttheyse expiring leases were well below market. Tthey weighted average ending rate of tthey City Center Bellevue leases was $46.45 on a full service gross basis, versus tthey mid to high 60s for deals recently closed out for signature. Likewise, tthey weighted average ending rate of tthey Eastgate leases was $25 triple net versus tthey mid-30s for closed or pending deals. Even with tthey theyadwinds of rightsizing and work from home, tthey quality of our office portfolio continues to yield strong rent growth. In tthey fourth quarter, we executed 17 leases totaling approximately 97,000 square feet, including one comparable new lease for approximately 2,400 square feet with increases over prior rent of 19% on a straight-line basis; 12 comparable renewal leases totaling approximately 75,000 square feet with increases over prior rent of 25% on a straight-line basis; and four non-comparable new leases totaling approximately 20,000 square feet, two of which were new medical office leases totaling approximately 15,000 square feet at triple net rents 35% and 41% higtheyr than comparable office rents at Solana Crossing and Torrey Reserve respectively. We are encouraged by current tour and proposal activity across our portfolio, especially in tthey small to midsized tenant range. Ttheir bodes well for our current vacancies and future rollover. Our average vacant space is under 7,000 square feet, with just 11 spaces greater than 10,000 square feet, including tthey three floors at One Beach ranging from 30,000 to 37,000 square feet each. Tthey average space size rolling in 2023 and 2024 are approximately 7,300 square feet and 5,600 square feet respectively. Tthey largest tenant rolling in 2023 is Autodesk and approximately 93,000 square feet on tthey fourth and fifth floors of Landmark in San Francisco, which we currently expect to renew. We continue to believe that strategic investments in our portfolio will position us to continue to capture more than our fair share of net absorption and premium rents, despite current market theyadwinds. And while we are not immune to potential additional attrition due to current conditions, we believe that tthey flight to quality will continue to drive solid performance from our office portfolio over tthey long-term. I'll now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go atheyad. Haendel St. Juste Hey, guys. Good morning. A couple of questions first on tthey leasing front. Steve, I guess first of all I appreciate all tthey details related to tthey guide. Steve, I wanted to ask you a bit about tthey office demand trends you're seeing. I appreciate tthey color on tthey number of tenants who are coming whose lease are maturing and tthey average side. But I'm curious, how many ottheyr tenants beyond Autodesk have leases maturing in a maybe 30,000 square foot plus basis? And what do you think that line is plus or minus that gives you a good amount of optionality and doesn't necessarily pose a probably being too large for tenants in ttheir current environment? Thanks. Steve Center Good question, Haendel. Tthey answer is Autodesk is it. I mean everything else is full floor or less. So it really is a lot of small tenant rollover. So we're really not exposed beyond Autodesk to tthey big tech situation that you're seeing in multiple markets. So we're actually well positioned and it's a small tenant rollover. And actually that's wtheyre we're seeing tthey most new tour and proposal activities in tthey small to midsized tenants. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Got it. Okay. I noticed Industrious is in tthey list of top tenants on tthey office side. Maybe comment on that. Is ttheyre anything unique or different about tthey leases ttheyy're doing? Are ttheyy longer? Ttheyy require more CapEx? Are ttheyy based around tthey percentage rent base? Some comment on that would be appreciated. Thanks. Steve Center I am sorry, you're talking about Industrious? Actually ttheyir initial lease was two floors done back in 2017 or 2018 and that was ttheyir typical co-working situation. Tthey newer leases are enterprise-level deals. I think Databricks is ttheyir – a big tenant. It just took down two half floors in our latest lease at City Center Bellevue. So ttheyy're really kind of moving towards tthey enterprise level tenant. Haendel St. Juste Okay. And one on tthey retail side, it seems like all of tthey leasing done in tthey fourth quarter was renewals. I don't know if that's just a unique confluence of events but maybe if ttheyre's anything to share on tthey new lease side, or is ttheyre something maybe underlying ttheir from a demand perspective but some color or some thoughts on tthey retail leasing in tthey fourth quarter?  Adam Wyll Yes. I mean – hi, Haendel, it's Adam. So a lot of that was renewals in tthey fourth quarter. We did have a handful of new deals including a 14,000-foot Sola Salon at our Carmel Mountain Plaza, which is a great deal for us. We finally replaced tthey P.F. Chang's restaurant at Del Monte Center with a Kona Steak & Seafood, which will be opening in tthey next month or two. That's 7,000 to 8,000 square feet. And even at Alamo Quarry, we had a couple of wins about 5,000 square foot deals with Navy Federal and Yardbird Furniture, which is a subsidiary of Best Buy. So pretty good progress ttheyre. I think now that we're up to 94%, 95% leased and we've got some in tthey hopper that should hopefully round that up anottheyr percent or so. We feel like things are functioning pretty, pretty well on tthey retail side for us. Haendel St. Juste So given that you are in a higtheyr occupancy level and with a lot of space vacancies have been addressed. How do you ttheyn feel about pricing power in near-term tthey outlook for spreads on tthey retail side?  Adam Wyll I mean I think it's probably going to be pretty consistent with what we've been seeing. It should be – of course, we're looking for increases over expiring rents. And to tthey extent we can get that we will. We'll do as well as any of our peers with similar situated Class A shopping centers, Haendel. So for tthey most part we're seeing positive spreads. Ttheyre may be roll downs in certain instances on, more difficult spaces but -- we'll just have to see what happens.  Haendel St. Juste Okay. Fair enough. Best of luck. Thank you  Adam Wyll Thanks, Haendel. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Ronald Camden with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad.  Adam Kramer Hey, guys. It's Adam Kramer on for Ron. I appreciate all kind of tthey guidance commentary and breakdowns earlier, really theylpful. I guess just thinking about tthey multifamily portfolio. If I theyard correctly, I think tthey comments was kind of NOI flat year-over-year in 2023, some kind of elevated expenses ttheyre. Wondering just maybe on tthey revenue side, on tthey leasing side, for multifamily kind of what's happening ttheyre? What are you seeing in kind of your markets that maybe is driving some revenue, but kind of not enough to kind of offset what's going on in tthey expense line? Adam Wyll Yes, sure. So Adam, we are seeing -- I think we're looking at our numbers right now and we are expecting 2-plus percent revenue growth on our multifamily side, but tthey expenses are just -- ttheyy're a little more challenging for us particularly on some of our older products like, Loma Palisades or Mariners Point, some of ttheyse are older and around for 60 40 years. Ttheyy take a little more TLC. So we've been kind of putting a lot more OpEx, into those to get ttheym back to wtheyre ttheyy should be in terms of, roofing or balconies or painting and landscaping, just to make sure ttheyy're humming properly. So, we're seeing a little more expenses on that side. Perhaps, we're being a little conservative because it's a little more difficult to predict ttheir upcoming year, but that's kind of it at a high level. Richard, did you have anything to add to that?  Richard Rex Sure. I can add to that. Thank you, Adam. I think also on tthey revenue side of it, some things that we have to consider with ttheyse older products is that, we have tthey right cap wtheyn renewals come up. So our revenue can only go up about 10%, with those units that are renewing. And ttheyn wtheyn ttheyre is a state of emergency that's put in place as we have today in California, we're also capped with new units that are coming online, for rents and ttheyre's a cap on those two. So we'll stop lift tthey state of emergency, that we can go forward with pushing tthey revenue in tthey rents for new units, as much as possible. And as we move into tthey spring and into tthey summer theirtorically, that is wtheyn we start to see units rent quickly and ttheyy rent at a higtheyr rate. So we'll continue to push wtheyre we can.  Adam Kramer Got it. And just on a market-by-market level, kind of how are you using concessions? And it seems like based on a commentary from ottheyrs, ttheyre's probably some concession usage being done. So maybe just kind of quantify how much concessions on tthey multifamily side?  Richard Rex Sure. In tthey fourth quarter, concessions were minimal. What we saw was that our growth rate for San Diego were $32.24. Our net effective rents were $32.08. So wtheyn you look at that on a cost basis, it's just a little under $200 per unit and we had 85-week leases in tthey fourth quarter. So a little bit of softening ttheyre in concessions that had to be offered in that fourth quarter. So moving forward into Q1, concessions have pretty much dropped. So we don't -- we're not offering those right now and are just moving forward with gross rents…. Adam Kramer Got it. That's, great. And ttheyn just one more if I could. Just I think it's a typical question I probably asked before. But just on capital allocation from theyre, kind of weighing development versus M&A, obviously you've been active in office tthey last few years office M&A. So maybe just kind of your thoughts ttheyre, I mean, I don't know, if share buyback is something that would be on tthey table at a point, but we'll love to just theyar kind of tthey latest thoughts on capital deployment. Bob Barton Hi Adam, ttheir is Bob. Yeah, in terms of capital allocation, I mean, right now, we're just mined in tthey store. We're always looking for opportunities. But right now we have not seen anything that makes economic sense. I know Ernest is looking at things daily. We all are. Steve is looking at tthey markets things are brought to them. I see things and you see things and Adam does as well. But wtheyn you run tthey economics of ttheym, it just doesn't make sense. And sometimes during tthey markets like ttheir, it is sometimes in tthey best interest to just take care of what you got, keep it in pristine condition and push rents as much as you can. We're big believers in tthey office sector. But every sector that we have, I mean look at tthey retail, look at tthey same-store growth before reserves, look at tthey leasing spreads on retail that are coming in. What we have, we believe is gold. And we don't want to make a bad acquisition, but having said that we also look at every opportunity that is presented to us. And if nothing else we learned from those opportunities that are presented. Adam Kramer That's great. Thanks again, guys. I appreciate tthey time. Bob Barton Thanks Adam. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to, Adam Wyll, for any closing remarks. Adam Wyll Thanks again for all that have listened in today, and those that have been stakeholders along tthey way. We remain encouraged by our operating fundamentals, notwithstanding tthey challenging economic cycle and volatility in tthey capital markets today. But we'll be prepared for any scenario to tthey best of our abilities. And we've been through many cycles before. And our properties, our platform, our balance ttheyyet have successfully guided us through tthey ups and downs each time. So as Ernest would say if they were theyre, "Wtheyn tthey going gets tough, tthey tough get going." So we're going to roll up our sleeves. And get back to work. I appreciate it. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.