American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary Ernest Rady - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Vice President of Office Properties Chris Sullivan - Vice President of Retail Properties Conference Call Participants Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ron Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Jason Idoine - RBC Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Justin Devery - Bank of America Corey DeVito - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Q1 2019 American Assets Trust, Inc. earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. You may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2019 first quarter earning conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2019 first quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and costs of construction. Tthey earnings release, supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations or FFO, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA and net operating income or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey first quarter of 2019 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on our website at www.americanassetstrust.com. I will now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion of first quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks Adam and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust first quarter 2019 earnings call. We continue to make great progress on all fronts as we continue to focus our efforts on earnings growth, combined with growth in net asset value for our shareholders. At American Trust, we focus on, first of all, coastal West Coast markets, from San Diego to Seattle and Hawaii, which have dynamic high barrier-to-entry attributes, wtheyre tthey demographics, tenant demand and local economies are strong and that, we believe, outperform ottheyr markets over time. Number two, diversification by asset class. We believe that ownership of a combination of office, retail and multifamily properties as opposed to focusing on a single asset class provides for superior positioning opportunities, which allow us to create long term wealth for our stockholders. Three, consistent growth both organically and opportunistically. We believe that our NAV annualized growth rate, over tthey last eight years since we became a public entity, has been approximately 12%. Our annualized shareholder return over tthey last eight years has also been approximately 12%. Four, we maintain a conservative balance ttheyyet and debt profile and we have been dedicated for all ttheyse years to transparency and excellence in all that we do. During tthey first quarter, tthey office market in both San Francisco and Bellevue, Washington, remained quite strong. We continue our renovation of tthey former Kmart building at our Waikele Center in Hawaii and remain optimistic on tthey leasing front as we have commenced negotiating LOIs with various prospective national retailers. Tthey Safeway store at Waikele Center remains on track to open in fourth quarter of 2019. Our renovation of tthey existing smaller office building at Oregon Square in Portland is almost complete and we are optimistic on tthey leasing front as we have began negotiating LOIs with prospective full building user. We continue to reinvest and improve our existing assets and remain optimistic about tthey future of ttheir portfolio and our ability to narrow tthey price to net asset value gap. On behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we do thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company and we look forward to your continued support. I will now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob? Bob Barton Good morning and thank you Ernest. Last night, we reported first quarter 2019 FFO of $0.56 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.24 per share for tthey first quarter. Tthey company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.28 per share for tthey quarterly period ending June 30, 2019. Tthey dividend will be paid on June 27, 2019 to stockholders of record on June 13, 2019. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 97.1% leased, with tthey higtheyst annualized base rents amongst our peers. On a comparative year-to-year basis, our retail occupancy increased approximately 43 basis points over tthey first quarter of 2018, leaving approximately 89,000 square feet vacant in our three million-plus square foot retail portfolio. During tthey trailing four quarters, 73 retail leases were signed representing approximately 429,000 square feet or 14% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 57 leases, consisting of approximately 244,000 square feet, were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 5.9% over tthey prior leases. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 92.3% leased, an increase of approximately 102 basis points on a comparative year-over-year basis, primarily due to an increase in occupancy at Torrey Point in San Diego, partially offset by a decrease in occupancy at Lloyd 700 in tthey portfolio, leaving a vacancy of approximately 7.7% or 205,000 square feet of our 2.7 million square foot office portfolio. It's also important to note that we believe our in-place rents for tthey office portfolio are still approximately 21% below market. During tthey trailing four quarters, 64 new office leases were signed representing approximately 654,000 square feet or 25% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 41 leases consisting of approximately 544,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 44.8% over tthey prior leases. Same-store retail cash NOI decreased in tthey first quarter to negative 3.2%. Tthey decrease primarily relates to rents at Carmel Mountain Plaza and Solana Beach Towne Centre. Same-store office cash NOI increased 1.4% in tthey first quarter, primarily due to rental abatements burning off on new or renewed tenants at City Center Bellevue, partially offset by reductions of cash NOI in tthey Lloyd District portfolio as tthey Genentech's rent abatement expires at tthey end of April. Same-store multifamily cash NOI increased 7.3%, primarily due to improved operating results at Pacific Ridge Apartments in San Diego and Hassalo on Eighth in Portland. Total revenue of Pacific Ridge Apartments continues to increase, again, in 1Q 2019 by approximately 7%, primarily due to increased base rent. At Hassalo on Eighth in Portland, Oregon, total revenues were up slightly, while our rental expenses decreased approximately 9%, primarily due to year-over-year reduction in facilities, services, payroll and insurance expenses. Tthey remainder of our multifamily portfolio performed well with an increase of cash NOI of approximately 2%. As previously announced, Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property, consisting of tthey Embassy Suites hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail, was moved out of same-store designation as tthey hotel undergoes a significant renovation, which began at tthey beginning of ttheir year, including spalling work, repair on all outdoor balconies, exterior painting of both towers and a complete room refresh of all suites. As tthey renovation work is ongoing, for tthey first quarter, our mixed-use properties reported a combined decrease in cash NOI of negative 2.5% for tthey first quarter mostly attributable to tthey Embassy Suites hotel and tthey renovation project, resulting in a year-over-year decrease in occupancy of 2.5% and a decrease in RevPAR of 1.4%. At Waikiki Beach Walk Retail, tthey change in cash NOI year-over-year was relatively flat. Neverttheyless, tenant sales remained high at $1,066 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months, as our tenants continued to benefit from tthey excellent location and a good economy. Turning to our first quarter results. FFO increased approximately $0.09 to $0.56 per FFO share compared to tthey fourth quarter. Tthey first quarter results include tthey following activity. First, tthey former Sears building ground lease at Carmel Mountain Plaza was terminated and in connection ttheyrewith, tthey former ground lessee conveyed title to tthey Sears retail building. Accordingly, we recognized tthey non-cash lease termination fee of approximately $4.5 million. With respect to tthey non-cash termination fee, FFO increased approximately $0.07 per FFO share. Secondly, tthey first quarter had a reduction in Salesforce.com lease termination cost at Tthey Landmark @ One Market in San Francisco, which resulted in an increase in FFO for tthey first quarter of approximately $0.01 per FFO share. Third, our multifamily properties in San Diego and Portland experienced an increase in rental revenues contributing to an increase in FFO of approximately $0.01 per FFO share. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $317 million in liquidity, comprised of $55 million in cash and cash equivalents and $262 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA, was 6.3 times. Although our continued focus is to get our net debt to EBITDA back down to 5.5 or below. Lastly, we are reaffirming our 2019 FFO guidance range of $2.18 to $2.26 FFO per share with a midpoint of $2.22 per FFO share. Wtheyn I compare second quarter 2019 consensus of $0.0527 of FFO per share on my Bloomberg screen to our internal model, we are lower by approximately $0.03 of FFO per share. We believe ttheir difference is due to tthey following three items. First, tthey ongoing renovation and repair work for tthey Waikiki Beach Walk, Embassy Suites is planned to increase during tthey second quarter of 2019, which is expected to reduce cash NOI by approximately $0.015 of FFO per share in Q2. Second, we have puttheyyd out a speculative lease that we anticipated commencing in tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter, resulting in approximately reduction of $0.01 of FFO per share. We are still optimistic that it will be signed. And third, tthey issuance of approximately 30 million of common stock under tthey ATM equity program in tthey first quarter, including shares that settled in tthey beginning of tthey second quarter will have a dilutive effect of approximately $0.015 of FFO per share in Q2. As always, our guidance in ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact on future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. Operator, I will now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Vince Tibone from Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open. Vince Tibone Hi. Good morning. Bob Barton Good morning Vince. Vince Tibone Can you provide an update on same-property NOI growth guidance for tthey full year? Just curious if any of your expectations have changed relative to tthey inaugural guidance given on tthey third quarter call. Bob Barton Yes. I think we are pretty much in line ottheyr than tthey retail, I think we said was flat, is down 0.3% in tthey first quarter. So it won't be down that far for tthey year. But tthey reason we are down 3% in tthey first quarter is really because we didn't get tthey ground lessee's rent payment in tthey first quarter of 2019. So if you recall, we received back tthey Sears building and received a non-cash termination fee of $4.5 million. And in result, we had downtime of probably two to three months and that's why we were down. It was a couple of hundred thousands. Ernest Rady But that whole transaction, Vince, is very positive and we are delighted with tthey outcome. Vince Tibone No, tthey transaction was definitely a win. I am just curious, just going through some rough math, do you think that will put only 50 bps of tthey kind of retail same-property decline? Is ttheyre any ottheyr kind of unexpected move-outs or rent roll-downs eittheyr at Carmel Mountain or Solana Towne Centre that contributed to tthey decline? Bob Barton We had about $100,000 or so with tthey move-out of Aaron Brottheyrs at Solana Beach Towne Centre. That was tthey only impact that we saw. Vince Tibone Okay. Got it. Thank you. Just one last one for me, kind of switching gears a little bit. Just curious if your views on acquisitions have changed at all, given that your cost of capital is a little better and issuing equity could be a viable funding option for any opportunities. Ernest Rady Vince, we are always looking and we would love to find an opportunity to grow tthey company with tthey same quality of assets that we have and tthey same prospects for growth. So our views have perhaps become a little more optimistic since tthey price for our stock has moved within shooting range of our NAV, but it's still a difficult task because we value our portfolio so highly and tthey stock market never seems to agree with tthey value we put on it. So it's a tough road to follow. But we continue to try and make something to affect something that will grow our NAV and grow tthey wealth of tthey stockholders. Vince Tibone Makes sense. Thank you. That's all I have. Ernest Rady Thanks Vince. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Jeff Donnelly Good morning folks. I was just curious, just touching on tthey last point. I mean you had issued equity at $45 a share or so ttheir past quarter, which is below wtheyre you had last publittheyyd your NAV. I am just curious for someone who has always been so focused on preserving and growing that NAV, what drove tthey decision to issue at a bit of a discount? Is that kind of a function of wtheyre you see it theyaded? Or is it just that tthey investment opportunity was that compelling? I am just curious for your take. Ernest Rady We just got a little uncomfortable with tthey level of debt relative to tthey opportunities we have to spend money to improve our property. We are spending a significant amount of money on TIs. And if we are going to have an opportunity to acquire, tthey fact that we have more debt on tthey balance ttheyyet than we would like is not going to give us tthey encouragement we would like to make a positive transaction. So it was a tough call. But we did it. And we hope that it would, I mean we know tthey money was spent in a very, very worthwhile fashion and we hope that ttheir little breathing room gives us more opportunity in tthey future. Bob Barton Jeff, let me add to that, is that wtheyn we raised tthey equity on tthey ATM, it was just slightly below and slightly above $46. And ttheyn secondly, what we used that for, we used $20 million of that $30 million to pay down legacy CMBS debt at 7.5%. So we thought that was a good use of tthey funds. And ttheyn tthey rest of it is being applied towards development costs, which we think are accretive relative to tthey cost of that equity. Jeff Donnelly And just one follow-up and I apologize if I missed ttheir in your opening remarks. But on Torrey Reserve, I think you finittheyyd tthey quarter at roughly 86% occupancy. Do you still feel that it's achievable to get into tthey low-90s by year-end? Or how are you guys feeling about that? Ernest Rady Well, if I can believe Steve Center, who is an excellent property manager in tthey office category, I think that we are going to be 110% occupied before long. But I am going to let Steve speak for themself. Steve, do you want to share your view? Steve Center Sure. Looking at Torrey Reserve and Torrey Point, for that matter, activities picked up at Torrey Point, wtheyre lease is on 14,963 square feet in proposal and anottheyr 9,700 feet. And ttheyn we had a tour on Monday that's going to lead to an RFP for anottheyr 15,000 feet. So very encouraged with tthey activity we are seeing ttheyre. We just made a 15,000 foot proposal for tthey big block of space we have available at Torrey Plaza. That went out last night. So activity has picked up. We are seeing activity from life science and medical device companies right now. And to add to that, in tthey first quarter, we observed almost 20,000 feet and tthey Class A market in Del Mar Heights absorbed 11,000 feet. So we did 2X tthey net absorption versus rest of tthey market. So we are encouraged and optimistic and we have got a good team around us and are doing good things. Ernest Rady We do have a good team around us. And in case that ttheir optimistic viewpoint does not come about and you become angry, I want to tell you how you spell Center's last name, C-E-N-T-E-R. I will be getting to them first, but you can have second crack at them. Jeff Donnelly That's great. Thank you very much guys. Ernest Rady Thanks Jeff. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Hill from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning sir. Ron Kamdem Hi. Ttheir is Ron Kamdem, on for Richard Hill. I was just thinking about taking a step back. You guys have put out a great presentation, kind of building a bridge to 2021 as well as some of tthey aspirations to sort of grow tthey portfolio. As you are sitting theyre today, just kind of curious, wtheyn you are thinking about property types, which ones are tthey most attractive? And is ttheyre one that you may be were shying away from? Thanks. Ernest Rady Well, you certainly can see that tthey office portfolio appears to be, if not buoyant, certainly on an upward trajectory. You can also theyar from tthey tone of our remarks that retail has its theyadwinds, but we have a great portfolio and it's going to come out being as good as anybody in tthey industry. In apartments, if we could acquire more apartments at an attractive price, it's something we would like to do. In tthey meantime, tthey portfolio we have is as good as we can find in our markets. So Ron, thanks very much and as usual, great questions. Ron Kamdem Yes. My second question, if I may, would be just on Hawaii. Obviously, ttheyre are some articles about potential tax legislation. What are you guys thinking ttheyre? And how do you guys read that situation? Thanks. Ernest Rady We don't greet enhanced taxes with enthusiasm and we are doing everything we can in concert with tthey industry to minimize tthey impact. But ttheyre's nothing we can do. I mean as you know, almost all tthey properties, like 99% of what we have is on fee simple. I wouldn't trade any of ttheym for any ottheyr property in Hawaii or any ottheyr property anywtheyre else. And taxation is a fact of life throughout tthey American economy and tthey real estate industry. So it's just one of those things you have to bear. And hopefully, that eventually tthey quality of tthey property will produce upward movement in rents, which will more than compensate for tthey increased taxes. Bob Barton Ron, let me add to that is that we have been following that for several years. In fact, ttheyre is a coalition that's organized by NAREIT with several, if not all, of tthey REITs that own assets in Hawaii participate in that. And we always want to pay our fair share of tthey taxes, but on tthey issue of tthey DPD, which stands for dividends paid deduction, if that gets passed, tthey impact to us as a portfolio is probably $0.01 of FFO. So we are looking at that. We don't agree with that additional tax. But we are aware of it and we know what tthey impact is. Ron Kamdem That's theylpful color. Thanks so much. Ernest Rady Thank you Ron. Thanks for your interest. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Michael. Jason Idoine Hi guys. It's Jason, on for Mike. Good morning. Ernest Rady Jason, did you say? Jason Idoine I have a question on tthey Oregon Square development. I was wondering if, outside of tthey office space, you guys were prepared to tell us anything about maybe breaking ground on a second building? Ernest Rady Well, I think that we are about to begin work on tthey improvement of tthey second building that's tthey second office building. And as we have said many times, unfortunately, rents in Portland have been flat and construction costs have soared. So we continue to look into tthey opportunity, but we just don't see it with tthey present economics that are available. Jason Idoine Got you. Okay. And ttheyn I was wondering if you could provide a little more color around tthey interest that you are seeing at tthey Kmart space? Ernest Rady Okay. Chris Sullivan is going to take that. And they's going to give you tthey truth, nothing but tthey truth and I am going to spell their last name too, in case you feel misled. Go atheyad, Chris. Chris Sullivan Hi. Jason. So in Kmart, as you know, that's about 100,000 feet of what tthey old Kmart was. So we are negotiating LOIs now with a couple of tthey national retailers. As I point out to people, keep in mind, have you been to Waikele? Do you know it, Jason? Jason Idoine What's that? Chris Sullivan My question, Jason, to you, as I describe it, have you been to Waikele? Do you know tthey center? Jason Idoine I have not, no. Chris Sullivan So think about it, it's in tthey center of Oahu. So it's tthey dominant center ttheyre on tthey H1. And ttheyn just right next door is tthey Waikele premium outlet. So tthey center is 100% occupied outside of wtheyre tthey Kmart was. So tthey traffic ttheyre is still tremendous. We are getting, it's kind of wtheyre everybody wants to be. We have got Safeway under construction ttheyre that will open up towards tthey end of tthey year. So in tthey process of getting through that, so it got good activity. We are negotiating a couple LOIs. So I see it getting better. Right now, we have just got to get through ttheir choppy situation of getting Safeway open and getting tthey center turned back on in that piece of it. Does that theylp you? Ernest Rady To give you some additional background color, it's 43 acres, fee simple, half a mile frontage on tthey H1. And we believe that wtheyn tthey Safeway store opens up, tthey traffic, which is already elegant, as Chris has pointed out, will grow again. Jason Idoine Okay. Thank you. Yes, that's really theylpful. Ernest Rady Thank you sir. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Haendel, good morning. Haendel St. Juste Hi. Good morning out ttheyre. Just going back to tthey equity issuance theyre, I guess I just want to be clear. Am I correct, am I theyaring you correctly in that you would consider issuing equity, more equity if you could find more compelling investments? Or was it primarily done to lower your leverage? And ttheyn how do you weigh tthey decision to sell equity at a near 10% discount NAV versus perhaps selling an asset? Ernest Rady We weigh challenge of issuing equity at a discount with great pain and remorse. So we would have to find something that was substantially accretive. I don't know that we will find something, if we are successful at looking, that we will be substantially accretive in tthey short run, but we have to measure tthey long run performance of whatever we acquire with tthey long run performance of tthey existing portfolio. So it's a constant examination and reexamination of tthey metrics and tthey opportunities. I hope that didn't answer your question. Haendel St. Juste No. Listen, I don't think it's in tthey core, like I certainly appreciate, theirtorically, you are focused on NAV and cash flow growth and understanding some of tthey dynamics perhaps behind not perhaps wanting to sell an asset given perhaps some tax considerations. But certainly, pointing out tthey NAV discount, but ttheyn issuing equity below NAV is something that's been a bit difficult for certain investors to accept. Ernest Rady Yes. Well, it was a modest, modest amount and we are spending significant amounts on our improvement of our existing properties and tthey result is negligible. But on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey fact that it gives us a clear theyad to look at our leverage and look at our opportunities, I thought, was worthwhile. Bob, you are ready to? Bob Barton Yes. I mean, Haendel, mattheymatically, we actually calculate that out. And so if you look at it from an acquisition standpoint, we will factor in what tthey cost is of raising equity compared to what we think tthey NAV is. And whatever that cost is, that's an added cost to tthey price of tthey acquisition. And if we can still come out with an unlevered IRR relative to our weighted average cost of capital growing, ttheyn it still makes sense or we take a look at how quick it gets to tthey point. So if we go in lower than our weighted average cost of capital and we can recoup that in a very short period of time, ttheyn that still makes sense. It's like a bond premium. So we are very conscious of it. And if we weren't so conscious of it, we would not have had a 12% compounded annual growth rate in our NAV over tthey last eight years. So we are very sensitive to that. Ernest Rady I think that any acquisition that we can make would not be instantly make up for tthey discount. So we would have to look over tthey medium term for recovery of tthey discount to NAV that we have to absorb. It's a tricky calculation. But that's what you pay us for. So we do tthey best we can for you. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Thank you for that. And ttheyn one more. You mentioned your office portfolio, I think, 21% below market. What's that figure for San Diego specifically? And ttheyn it looks like you have about, I think, 15%, 16% of your leases coming up for renewal on tthey office side by tthey end of 2020. Can you talk about some of that potential upside for your office portfolio? Is that likely to be more 2021 and beyond? Or do you think you can harvest some of that before that? Steve Center Two big ones in particular are tthey VA and tthey IRS in Portland at First and Main. It's a 155,000 feet. Both requisitions have come out. Tthey IRS is going to renew in full space. We haven't done it yet. But tthey requisition was for tthey full space. Tthey VA is going to give back probably about a third of tthey space. But in both cases, those rents are well under market. So we are trying to triangulate right now wtheyre we can take those rents given tthey competition. And we are doing our homework right now on that front. But it will be significant eittheyr way. With regard to rollover in San Francisco, we have got 80,000 feet or so rolling between an architectural firm and a school. That situation is going to be a positive one. We have received two offers on tthey space and we have responded in tthey last week and we expect responses back ttheir week. So just based upon tthey offers which we have countered, we feel we are in good shape ttheyre. Ernest Rady Would you say that tthey increases in tthey counteroffers that you have made were modest in relation to tthey existing rent, somewhat upward movement or significantly higtheyr? Steve Center Along tthey lines of Google, relative increase. Ernest Rady I think what Steve just said, if you want tthey answer, they can't give it to you, but you can Google it. Thanks Haendel. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Craig. Justin Devery Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is Justin Devery, on for Craig. Ernest, I believe you highlighted apartments a while ago as a preferred property type. I was just curious if you could give us an update on tthey apartment leasing environment in Portland, both tthey demand that you are seeing ttheyre as well as pricing. Ernest Rady Well, I can cover it in one word, tough. Ttheyre's a lot of product, competition is tough. We have a great portfolio. In tthey long run, it's going to be extremely valuable. Tthey replacement cost is 30% to 40% higtheyr. But in tthey meantime, tthey rents don't allow us to realize that in tthey economy that exists. On tthey ottheyr hand, we are doing a little better because we are now running it more economically. Justin Devery That's theylpful. Sticking with multifamily, how do you think about adding more multifamily development to tthey existing properties as a complement to retail and office? And how much could that grow as a percent of NOI? Ernest Rady I don't know how to answer that question and we have done a lot of development over tthey years and we would consider that again. But frankly, in terms of development and redevelopment, we have a pretty full plate. I mean we are spending, what, $80 million, $90 million ttheir year improving what we have and that's without any ottheyr significant opportunities which we continuously examine. So I don't think we have to apologize for tthey level of activity or our focus on increasing our NAV. And I would love to do anottheyr apartment development. It's really a lot of fun. We just don't see tthey opportunity at tthey moment, certainly in Portland and San Diego. Tthey barriers to entry are significant. Justin Devery All right. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you sir. Operator Thank you. And our next question is from Mitch Germain from JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Mitch. Corey DeVito Hi guys. It's Corey, on for Mitch. I just had a question with regards to Torrey leasing. What industry is that tenant demand coming from? Ernest Rady I think Steve mentioned that and you were saying what tthey type of leasing we have got interest in from Torrey. Steve Center Yes. Two pharmaceutical companies, one is public, one is pre-public. And ttheyn we have a medical device company that we will be in proposal with for 15,000 feet. So we are seeing spillover from both UTC Campus Pointe Life Science and Torrey Pines. Corey DeVito All right. Thank you. That's it for me. Ernest Rady Thanks Corey. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I am showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Ernest Rady, Chairman, for closing remarks. Ernest Rady As always, we thank you very much for your interest and your confidence in our company. We do tthey very best for you. We will continue to do tthey very best for you. And if we don't, I know you will let us know. So please let us know quickly. Thank you very much again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect.