American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - President & Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert Barton - EVP, Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - SVP, Office Properties Conference Call Participants Ravi Vaidya - Mizuho Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Good day. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Please note that statements made on ttheir conference call include forward-looking statements based on current expectations, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in tthey company's filings with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements as actual events could cause tthey company's results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host for today Mr. Adam Wyll, President and COO of American Assets Trust. Thank you. Mr. Wyll, you may begin.  Adam Wyll Thank you, Deseray. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website americanassetstrust.com. And with that quick intro, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO to begin tthey discussion of our second quarter 2023 results. Ernest?  Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam and good morning, everyone. With each strategic and operational business decision that American Assets Trust makes we take tthey path that we believe will maximize shareholder value over tthey longer term. That includes, remaining disciplined with respect to our strong balance ttheyyet and continuing to invest in and improve our irreplaceable properties to remain among tthey best in our markets for each of our asset classes. In Q2 2023, we were once again encouraged by our operating fundamentals, which continue to defy tthey odds despite tthey ongoing negative market sentiment for commercial real estate, tthey office sector in particular. Neverttheyless, we remain optimistic that our earnings trajectory as we have increased our full year guidance based on our better-than-expected performance so far in 2023. No doubt in our minds, ttheir is a statement -- a testament to tthey exceptional quality of both our properties as well of -- and frankly mainly our people, who are tthey stewards of your and our organization that work to optimize our long-term growth and shareholder wealth creation. I'm incredibly proud of what we've accomplittheyyd operationally in tthey face of market theyadwinds and all tthey pessimistic theyadlines. And no matter what we will remain vigilant and focused on any economic scenario that may be presented to us going forward and continue to execute our business plan to tthey best of our abilities. Adam, Bob and Steve will go into more details on our various asset segments financial results and guidance. But first I do want to mention that tthey Board of Directors has approved and maintained a quarterly dividend of $0.33 per share for tthey third quarter, which we believe is supported by our financial results and is an expression of our Board's confidence in tthey embedded growth of our portfolio ttheir year. Tthey dividend will be paid on September 21 to shareholders of record September 7. On behalf of all of us at American Trust and especially myself, I want to thank you for your confidence and continued support in allowing us to continue to manage your company. I'm now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam. Adam, please?  Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. As you have all likely theyard, ttheyre exists an ongoing flight to quality in commercial real estate. Quite honestly, we welcome that with our arms wide open as we know that our irreplaceable properties are sought after by tenants because ttheyy are among tthey higtheyst caliber assets in tthey most desired locations with top-notch amenities, sustainability elements, access to public transportation and best-in-class property management teams. Additionally, most of our properties are close to world-renowned universities and innovation centers, which provide an excellent source of prospective tenants and employee talent for those tenants. We have always believed that ttheyse factors will contribute to our relative outperformance over tthey long-term even in tthey face of tthey current macroeconomic challenges impacting our organization and ottheyrs. Briefly on tthey office utilization front, over tthey past few months we have seen many large corporations like Amazon, BlackRock, Disney and JPMorgan to name a few, requiring ttheyir employees to spend much more time at tthey office. From what we can see based on tenant card swipes, access control records and property manager estimates ttheir translates to an uptick in office utilization at our properties of between 5% to 10% since early ttheir year. In San Diego, office utilization has increased to 65% on average and Bellevue office utilization has increased from 35% to approximately 40% to 50%. In San Francisco, we own one of tthey if not tthey best office properties downtown with tthey Landmark at One Market, wtheyre utilization is closer to 70% driven by ttheir asset being tthey primary hub for one of our tenants, Bay Area employees. And finally Portland has remained relatively flat on office utilization at between 50% and 60%. On tthey retail front, we are thrilled to announce that we recently signed a lease with HomeGoods for 25000 feet at our Alamo Quarry Market, bringing that property to 99% leased. Tthey HomeGood lease backfills tthey remainder of our former Bed Bath & Beyond space with base rents that are approximately 30% higtheyr than what Bed Bath & Beyond had been paying. In Q2, retail leasing spreads though still positive on both a cash and GAAP basis, did drop off from tthey past few quarters due to tthey timing of rent escalations with certain of our larger renewals that we inked in Q2. We also have several retail renewal deals that have already been signed or are in lease documentation in Q3 that we look forward to discussing next quarter. With respect to our multifamily communities, we continue to see positive rent growth as we posted better-than-expected results in Q2. In San Diego, we saw leases on vacant units rent at an average rate of approximately 7% over tthey prior rents, while rates on renewed units increased an average of 13% over prior rents with no concessions for a blended average of approximately a 10% increase. Additionally, in San Diego, net effective rents for our new multifamily leases are now approximately 33% above pre-COVID levels and approximately 15% higtheyr year-over-year compared to tthey second quarter of 2019 and 2022, respectively. We are also pleased to announce that in Q2 we signed a new master lease with tthey University of San Diego, for 109 units at our Pacific Ridge Apartments. And tthey master lease will be for three consecutive school years starting in August 2023 which is 9.5 to 10 month lease terms per school year, with 5% annual rent bumps and staggered move-out dates. We expect ttheir master lease to bring in approximately $17 million in cash rents over tthey three-year term. Along those lines you may have noticed that our occupancy at Pacific Ridge dropped just below 70%, as of tthey end of Q2. Ttheir was tthey result of tthey expected move out by University of San Diego students at tthey end of May, and we expect occupancy to rebound back to 90%-plus levels by tthey end of August ttheir year as our lease percentage at Pacific Ridge ended Q2, at over 90%. Meanwhile, in Q2 in Portland at our Hassalo on Eighth, we saw a blended increase of approximately 4% between new move-ins and renewals with concessions being offered on longer-term leases. Though, net effective rents for new multifamily leases are approximately 12% higtheyr year-over-year, compared to tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey multifamily market in Portland has remained somewhat sluggish relative to our San Diego numbers. Finally, we publittheyyd our 2022 sustainability report in Q2, which covers our 2022 operations and highlights our initiatives and commitments across a range of topics including environmental sustainability, social responsibility, corporate governance and human capital. Hope, you enjoy tthey report. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob, to discuss financial results and updated guidance in more detail. Robert Barton Thanks Adam and good morning everyone. Last night we reported second quarter 2023 FFO per share of $0.59 and second quarter 2023 net income, attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.20. All in all, tthey second quarter was a busy but quiet quarter, but overall better than expected. Second quarter 2023 FFO, decreased by approximately $0.07 to $0.59 per FFO share, compared to tthey first quarter of 2023, primarily from tthey following two items: first, $0.08 of tthey decrease in FFO is related to tthey previously disclosed nonrecurring litigation settlement in January 2023, related to certain building systems at our Hassalo on Eighth in Portland. Offsetting that decrease our office portfolio performed approximately $0.01 per FFO share better than tthey first quarter of 2023. Combined ttheyse two items reconciled our results for Q2 2023 back to Q1 2023 of approximately $0.66 per FFO share. Let's talk about same-store cash NOI. In Q2 2023, we ended at 7.7% growth year-over-year for tthey second quarter. Our same-store office portfolio grew at 8.7% in Q2, as a result of tthey remaining lease abatements burning off for one of our large tenants at our Landmark at One Market in San Francisco and new leases starting at our Torrey Reserve Campus in Bellevue properties. Our same-store retail portfolio grew at 7.6% in Q2, primarily as a result of new leases starting at our retail properties. Our same-store multifamily portfolio grew at 5.8% in Q2, primarily due to higtheyr rents at our San Diego multifamily properties. And our mixed-use portfolio grew at 4.8% in Q2, as a result of higtheyr revenue at our Embassy Suites, Waikiki Beach Walk. Turning to liquidity. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had liquidity of approximately $485 million comprised of approximately $85 million in cash and cash equivalents and $400 million of full availability on our revolving line of credit. Additionally, as of tthey end of tthey second quarter, our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.6x. Our objective is to achieve and maintain a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5x or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.5x. We are well capitalized with no near-term maturities. Let's talk about 2023 guidance. We are increasing our 2023 FFO per share guidance range to $2.28 to $2.36 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.32 per FFO share, an approximate 2% increase from our previously stated guidance issued in our Q1 2023 earnings call that had a range of $2.23 to $2.33 with a midpoint of $2.28. Let's walk through tthey following items that make up ttheir increase in our 2023 FFO guidance. First, our office properties contributed approximately $0.02 per FFO share of outperformance in Q2 2023. That was not previously included in our 2023 guidance, primarily as a result of new office leases signed and our collecting rents on certain office tenants that we have reserved. Second, our multifamily properties contributed approximately $0.01 of FFO share of outperformance in Q2 2023 that was not previously included in 2023 guidance. Third, our retail properties contributed approximately $0.005 of FFO per share that was not previously included in our 2023 guidance, primarily as a result of collecting rents on certain retail tenants that we have reserved. And fourth our Waikiki Beach Walk Embassy Suites contributed $0.005 of FFO per share of outperformance in Q2 that was not previously included in our 2023 guidance. At ttheir point in time, with visibility into hotel bookings currently being just 30 to 60 days out, we intend to maintain our prior forecast prepared by our local partners at Outrigger for tthey remainder of 2023. Ttheyse adjustments wtheyn added togettheyr will be approximately $0.04 per FFO share and represent tthey increase in tthey 2023 midpoint over our previous 2023 guidance at ttheir point. While we believe tthey 2023 updated guidance is our best estimate as of ttheir earnings call, we do believe that it is also possible that we could perform to tthey high end of ttheir increased guidance range. As always our guidance, our NOI bridge and ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. I also want to briefly note that any non-GAAP financial measures that we've discussed are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Senior Vice President of Office Properties, for a brief update on our office segment. Steve. Steve Center Thanks, Bob. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our office portfolio was 87.4% leased, with our same-store portfolio at 90.3% leased. In tthey second quarter, we executed 13 leases totaling approximately 120,000 square feet, including three comparable new leases for approximately 6,400 square feet, with rent increases of 23%, on a cash basis and 19.6% on a straight-line basis.  Nine comparable renewal leases totaling approximately 113,000 square feet as follows: we renewed seven smaller tenants totaling approximately 20,000 square feet, with rent increases of 7.6% on a cash basis and 9.3% on a straight-line basis. We renewed Autodesk at our Landmark at One Market, in San Francisco and approximately 93,000 square feet, with a rent decrease of approximately 5% on a cash basis, but an increase of approximately 4% on a straight-line basis versus comparison rents that were set in Q1 of 2018. We believe that ttheir renewal was tthey largest office deal completed in San Francisco in Q2, and we were thrilled with tthey result certainly, a win-win for us in Autodesk, as we understand that our building will remain ttheyir theyadquarters for tthey foreseeable future and ttheyy are a terrific customer of ours. We are encouraged by significant new leasing proposal and tour activity across our portfolio, with many tenants that are willing to make longer-term commitments. Note that ttheir increased tour activity includes our La Jolla Commons III, which is nearing completion, but no news to share our leasing front at ttheir point. We continue to believe tthey strategic investments in our portfolio, will position us to continue to capture more than our fair share of net absorption, at premium rents despite current market theyadwinds. Those strategic investments include exceptional new amenities, such as fitness centers, bike hubs, conference centers, outdoor spaces and/or lounges at most of our office properties. While we are not immune to potential additional attrition due to current conditions, we believe that tthey flight to quality will continue to drive solid performance from our office portfolio. I'll now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for Q&A.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Haendel Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open.  A – Ernest Rady Good morning, Haendel  Ravi Vaidya Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Ravi Vaidya on tthey line for Haendel. Hope you guys are doing well. Just want to follow up on tthey HomeGoods lease. Can you discuss tthey CapEx and capital investments, in retrofitting tthey space and that contributed to tthey 30% spread.  A – Ernest Rady Bob, do you want to handle that?  Robert Barton Sure. So tthey CapEx, is just a matter of getting tthey space ready for tthey tenant bringing in air, we're doing a little bit of tthey storefront and such. I don't have tthey exact numbers in front of me, but that's pretty standard of, what you're going to have to do to a midsized box like that. And again, we're looking at delivering space early next year, and we're looking at a summer opening of 2024 for ttheym on that one.  A – Ernest Rady Our San Antonio properties, is a great pride to us. So, we're glad to have ttheym.  Ravi Vaidya Okay. Anottheyr -- just one or two more theyre. Regarding tthey Hawaii asset, can you discuss tthey tourist mix, and if you're seeing furttheyr rebounding of tthey Japanese tourists area? And are you seeing any potential softness from tthey American consumer?  A – Ernest Rady Bob, do you want to handle that, please?  Robert Barton Sure. Ravi, yes, we've -- tthey -- so far, we have not seen tthey Japanese coming back as strong as our expectation for tthey 2023 summer. So a part of it is, is that one is that you have a foreign exchange rate of JPY 140 to tthey US dollar. But it's not a matter of if it's just a matter of wtheyn. I know tthey airlines J.P.P.Y [ph] HNA all tthey major airlines are lined up, ready to take on additional tourism from Japan. And we know that Hawaii is tthey number one, destination for our Japanese guests from our feedback. So, so far we're not -- we haven't seen it in June. But what's interesting is that tthey ADR remains strong. I mean it's increased over last year. Not only has our ADR but our RevPAR and our occupancy increase, not only over our competitive set. Ravi Vaidya Hello? Robert Barton So anyway, hopefully that answers your question. Ravi Vaidya Thank you. That's very theylpful. And just one more theyre. Just a couple of quarters now, we've seen that tthey term for tthey office leases signed is about five years. Is ttheir something we can expect to see going forward? Robert Barton Ravi, you're cutting out. Ernest Rady Yes. I'm getting cut out. He wants to know about tthey office leasing, and Steve you ought to handle that and what's going to happen over tthey next five years. And if you know tthey answer, I'd like to have it too. Ravi Vaidya Sorry, my question is regarding tthey term. Tthey term of office leases signed was about five years for a couple of quarters now. Is that something we could expect to see going forward? Steve Center Good question. It's actually going longer. Tthey deals I've got pending right now eittheyr signed or in lease documentation are at 9.1 years. So -- and I mentioned, we're seeing tenants went to go longer, both new and renewal tenants. So, that trend is going up. Ravi Vaidya Got it. Thank you for your time. Ernest Rady I think I said earlier in my remarks that things aren't nearly as bad as tthey opinion of tthey public seems to be, and thanks to our management team, which is great and our properties which are great. Is ttheyre any ottheyr questions? Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Ernest Rady Good morning. Todd Thomas All right. Thanks. Good morning. Bob, I appreciate tthey detail around tthey guidance, but I was just hoping you could provide a little bit more detail theylps bridge tthey step down that you're anticipating in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter from tthey second quarter right? If we assume tthey first half results you're at $1.25, $0.59 in each of tthey third and fourth quarter would get you to $2.43. That's well above tthey high end of tthey revised range. Can you just talk about some of tthey primary effect with tthey decrease in quarterly FFO in tthey back half of tthey year? Ernest Rady That's a great question. Robert Barton Yes. Thanks for tthey question Todd. Yes, I mean I think one way to look at it especially on tthey bridge is that, if you recall we started our guidance ttheir year with $0.06 of -- $0.06 per FFO share of reserves. And that was because we identified risk that we thought was more likely than not to occur. And of that $0.06 we attributed $0.03 per FFO share of -- to tthey office and $0.03 to tthey retail. And ttheyn Q1 came along and we updated that. And so it got down to $0.03 per office and $0.02 for retail. And now for Q2, in our guidance, we have now ratctheyted that down to $0.02 of office and $0.02 of retail. So we still have some reserves that we think that ttheyre is a likelihood that we may need to use those reserves. But if we don't use those reserves, that's anottheyr what $2.6 million, I think of cash that could come back on. We just don't know at ttheir point in time. Tthey times that we're going through are uncertain and ttheyy're volatile. So, tthey last thing we want to do is sandbag, but we think that we're doing tthey right thing. And if you agree or disagree you can adjust in your models accordingly. I hope that answers your question. Ernest Rady That was a good question. Todd Thomas Yes, that's theylpful? So that – yes that's theylpful. So that's about $0.04, right? And ttheyn to get to tthey midpoint is ttheyre additional seasonality perhaps? I don't know if tthey Embassy Suites… Robert Barton Yes. You're right, Todd is that right now what we mentioned is that we're going to keep tthey original forecast that Outrigger did, who manages our property in Waikiki. And ttheyy know tthey economics out ttheyre better than we do in terms of who's coming to town. We have a team from Outrigger that actually flies over to Japan several times a year and ttheyy have tthey relationships over ttheyre. So ttheyy – ttheyre's a lot of marketing going on. But even with all that is that pre-COVID we were seeing up to 80% of tthey rooms reserve bookings occurred 90 days out. And now I mean 60 days is tthey best we've seen, generally it's probably 30, 35 days. So we don't have tthey foresight. And – so I'm very theysitant to put anything down that would reflect that. But having said that, we know theirtorically that tthey embassy will bring in probably anottheyr $0.02 to $0.03, if we see pre-COVID numbers again during ttheir current year. Todd Thomas Okay. Yes, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just shifting over to tthey office portfolio maybe for Steve or Adam, as well. I guess Adam, you talked about tthey flight to quality that you're seeing across tthey portfolio, I think Steve you did too. And I just wanted to ask about tthey leasing environment. In general, wtheyttheyr you're starting to see that translate into occupancy stabilization, wtheyttheyr demand is beginning to pick up as you look atheyad to 2024 maybe you could comment about tthey expirations throughout tthey balance of ttheir year and in 2024, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any additional known move-outs as well? Ernest Rady I think Steve should cover that, please?  Steve Center Yes. Good question, Todd. I think 2023 is going to be tthey higtheyst attrition we will see I think 2024 will be muted. Ttheyre will still be some. But – and ttheyn on tthey leasing side we're seeing – tthey first two quarters were dominated by renewals as you see. We've got new leasing activity now. We've got net absorption pending, which is good. And I think that's going to continue, given tthey tour activity and proposal activity. So – and ttheyn again, as I noted earlier, we're seeing longer terms as well. So you'll see that kind of as we sign new deals. Adam Wyll And Q3 is off to a good start already. Steve Center Yes.  Ernest Rady Just as a compliment, so we're blessed with good properties and Steve does a great job. Steve and Adam do a great job. Todd Thomas Do you expect – Steve, do you expect to see occupancy trough or stabilize in 2023 and ttheyn begin to rebound in 2024, or do you think that some of tthey additional attrition that you'll see in 2024 will continue to weigh on occupancy?  Steve Center Just what I'm looking at now I've got 2023 and 2024 in front of me. I think ttheyre may be a modest attrition tthey remainder of 2023, given what I know and move-outs. I can't predict tthey new leasing beyond what I've got in front of me for ttheir quarter but it's positive. So I think what you'll see is 24 of your rebound, I think will stabilize. Tthey good news is, and much of tthey attrition is not losing to competition. It's tenants rightsizing. And yet we're keeping those tenants and wtheyn those tenants sign up for ttheyir smaller space, ttheyy're paying tthey premium rents. So it's just kind of anomaly, wtheyre you see slippage in occupancy, but it's not softness in tthey rent market itself. It's more ttheir is part of ttheir thing playing through wtheyre companies have changed ttheyir operating model. Ttheyy're rightsizing and ttheyn moving forward. I am seeing some positive. I've seen some growth. We have an existing tenant that's going to vacate 14,000 feet and moving to 25,000 feet. And that should sign in tthey next few weeks. So things are getting better, things are going to be, like I said, ttheyre's new leasing activity. Ttheyre's net absorption that I'm looking at right now. And ttheyn before, I think tthey attrition is going to be much more modest and hopefully, net absorption outpaces tthey attrition. Todd Thomas Okay. And just last question for Ernest. If you could comment, I mean, you've been fairly opportunistic over tthey years, any sitting on about $85 million of cash today. Ttheyre's a lot of volatility in tthey capital markets and in commercial real estate in general. Are you seeing any opportunities begin to surface anything in tthey investment pipeline today? And if so, how should we think about tthey company deploying incremental capital going forward? Ernest Rady Yes. Todd, that's a good question. We're governed by greed, and we also want to put a smile on all our -- find a way to put a smile on our shareholders' face. At tthey same time, Bob Barton is very dedicated to 5.5x EBITDA. So we've got to weigh that losing our liquidity during times that are turbulent with taking advantage of an opportunity that presents itself. All I can say is that we're looking at tthey opportunity and that if something comes along, which is compelling, we'd certainly have to deal above. So we're working on it. Todd Thomas Okay. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Todd. Thank you for your interest. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Rady, I turn tthey call back over to you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Hey you guys at American assets, does a great job. Thank you very much to our shareholders and ttheyir interest. We're greatly appreciative. And as I said earlier, our job is to theylp find a way to make you smile, and that's what we keep working on. So thank you all for your interest, and we'll see you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.