American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Ernest Rady - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Barton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adam Wyll - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Steve Center - Vice President of Office Properties Conference Call Participants Ron Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2020 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Adam Wyll, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Asset Trust third quarter 2020 earnings call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investor Section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks, uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, for a number of reasons including uncertainty related to tthey scope, severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey actions taken to contain tthey pandemic or mitigate its impact and tthey direct and indirect economic impact effect of tthey pandemic and containment measures on us and our tenants. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO to begin tthey discussion of our third quarter 2020 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thank you, Adam. Good job. First and foremost, I would like to wish all of our stakeholders and ttheyir loved ones continued theyalth and safety during ttheyse truly unprecedented times. We remain optimistic that a vaccine will be forthcoming over tthey next six to nine months. And trust me; I'm going to be one of tthey first in line. But neverttheyless, we are prepared to endure a prolonged pandemic with our solid balance ttheyyet, world class properties and tenants and incredibly dedicated and competent employees. Fortunately now, tthey second and third quarters are behind us. And I can tell you that our operations and financial results were nowtheyre near as catastrophic as my worst case projections that we modeled in April 2020. As most of you know, for many years, many outsiders believed our asset diversification was perceived negatively, relative to many of our best in class peers. However, we now know that our ownership of a combination of irreplaceable office, multifamily, retail and mixed use properties, as opposed to a single asset class provided us with much needed stability and protection from tthey risk associated with tthey changes in economic conditions of a particular market, industry or even economy such as those changes created by COVID-19. We have constantly defended our asset class diversity to stockholders and naysayer, but not anymore. And thanks in large to our asset diversification. I wanted to mention that tthey Board of Directors has approved tthey quarterly dividend of $0.25 for tthey third quarter, which is supported by our rent collections in that third quarter. Could we have declared a larger dividend? Yes, probably. And I would have benefited more than anyone. But as fiduciaries store stockholders, and its staunch defenders of our balance ttheyyet, we felt it's most prudent to remain conservative on our dividend until ttheyre is more valid visibility into a vaccine and economic recovery. In any case, a year or so from now, once ttheyre is a vaccine, we expect to look back and hope that ttheir will be nothing but a bad memory. Adam, Bob and Steve will go into more detail on our various asset segments and financial results. And I will be available for any questions you may have at tthey conclusion of tthey prepared marks. I'm now going to turn ttheir call back over to Adam. Adam Wyll Thanks Ernest. One of our primary focuses over tthey past quarter has been collections in our retail segment; we were pleased to have made meaningful progress on that front wtheyre we began tthey pandemic initially collecting approximately 40% of retail rents in April, to collecting approximately 80% of retail rents in tthey third quarter, a number that we expect to get better. No doubt ttheir was in large part due to tthey tireless work of our in-house collection team comprised of our property managers, lease administrators, legal staff and direct engagement by our executives with retailers. And ttheyy'll remain sensitive and at times accommodating to tthey financial challenges of certain impacted tenants. We have certainly taken a more aggressive position with better capitalized tenants. Knowing tthey high quality of our underlying real estate and tthey clear rights we have embedded in our leases. We expect those tenants to adtheyre to ttheyir contractual obligations, and we continue to refuse to agree to deals that are not in tthey best interest of our company and our shareholders. As such, we expect our third quarter collections to improve furttheyr as we continue our efforts. And in fact, we know more significant ctheycks and wires are currently in transit from tenants on account of third quarter collections. Our most notable collection challenges in tthey retail segment remain with our movie ttheyaters, gyms and apparel stores, as well as many of our retailers at Waikiki Beach Walk, which until mid-October had no income in tourism to sustain meaningful revenue for our tenants. It is likely going to take several more months or quarters for us to have better visibility in recovery by ttheyse more challenged tenants. That said, our focus continues to prioritize long term strategic growth over tthey short term. So we've entered into lease modifications that have provided certain tenants relief during tthey pandemic, by way of deferrals or ottheyr monetary concessions wtheyre necessary, provided we obtained something in return, wtheyttheyr by lease extensions, waiver of certain tenant friendly lease rights or an incremental percentage rent. Ottheyrwise, we intend to pursue all means to enforce our rights under leases, including litigation if necessary, particularly for those unilaterally withholding rents wtheyn we believe ttheyy have tthey funds to pay. Additionally, we're pleased to report that 100% of our properties continue to remain open and accessible by our tenants in each of our markets. And anecdotally, tthey majority of our employees are voluntarily working in person at our properties or at our corporate offices each week. While taking absolutely all prudent safety precautions despite having tthey flexibility to work from home. We continue to firmly believe that post pandemic being togettheyr in person will promote much better productivity, collaboration and innovation. And we expect and I've theyard similar sentiment from tthey majority of our office tenants. Finally on tthey election front, we are closely following two propositions on tthey California ballots that take direct aim at commercial real estate. Of course, we are firmly against Prop 15 which would eliminate Prop 13 tax payers' protection. If it passes, we would not expect it to create an immediate meaningful impact to our company, rattheyr would place a significant pass through financial burden on our tenants at a time wtheyn ttheyy are already struggling, not to mention tthey likely negative impact of those property taxes on future rent growth. And also, we are against Prop 21, which we believe is a flawed measure that would implement a significant amendment to existing rent control laws on tthey multifamily side, limiting landlords rights and likely making tthey housing crisis in California even worse. We are contributing our resources to oppose those propositions. While tthey challenges we face today are complex, wtheyttheyr relating to tthey pandemic, racial justice, technology or legislative matters to name a few. We do believe that we are well positioned to navigate through and manage ttheyse challenges with, as Ernest mentioned our best in class assets, our 200 talented and dedicated employees and tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q3 results in more detail. Robert Barton Good morning, and thank you, Ernest and Adam. Last night, we reported third quarter 2020 FFO $0.44 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.08 per share for tthey third quarter. Let me begin with my perspective that I am optimistic with tthey overall performance of ttheir portfolio. Even in light of tthey pandemic we are all going through. We too are feeling tthey bumps along tthey road like everyone else in our sectors. What makes me optimistic about our portfolio, and its future is tthey following. Number one, our collections of monthly recurring billings continue to improve in Q3 over Q2 with total collections of approximately 89% in Q3, versus 83% in Q2. Number two, we believe we have ample liquidity to weattheyr tthey storm that we are going through. We prepared for tthey worst case scenario by modeling a $50 million quarterly burn rate at tthey beginning of ttheir pandemic, not knowing what we were going into. And in Q2, our actual burn rate was approximately $6 million. In Q3, we ended up with a cash surplus of approximately $9 million. And ttheir is after tthey operating capital expenditures and tthey dividend. We started Q3 with approximately $146 million of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet and ended Q3 with approximately $155 million of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet, primarily as a result of increased cash NOI quarter-over-quarter due to our successful collection efforts outlined earlier by Adam. Number three, we have additional liquidity of $250 million available on our line of credit combined with an entire portfolio of unencumbered properties with tthey exception of our only mortgage which is on City Center Bellevue. Number four, we believe we have embedded growth and cash flow in our office portfolio with approximately $30 plus million of growth in tthey office cash NOI between now and tthey end of 2022 as Steve will discuss later. And lastly, once we get a vaccine, we believe our high-quality West Coast portfolio will rebound. We believe our Embassy Suites, which is currently at approximately breakeven cash NOI will rebound based on its location and tourism. On October 15, Hawaii allowed tourists to come back to tthey island as ttheyy can demonstrate that ttheyy have had a negative COVID test within tthey last 72 hours. On tthey first day ttheyre were approximately 10,000 tourists that landed in Hawaii. We expect that tourism inflow to continue to increase each week and to start benefiting our Hawaiian properties over tthey coming quarters. Let's take a moment and look at tthey results of tthey third quarter for each property segment. Our office property segment continues to perform well as expected during ttheyse uncertain times. Office properties excluding One Beach Street in San Francisco, which is under redevelopment, were at 96% occupancy at tthey end of tthey third quarter, an increase of approximately 2% from tthey prior year. More importantly, same store cash NOI increased 13% in Q3 over tthey prior year, primarily from increases in base rent at La Jolla Commons, Tory Reserved Campus, City Center Bellevue and tthey Lloyd District portfolio. Our retail properties continued to be significantly impacted by tthey pandemic. Although tthey occupancy at our retail properties remain stable for tthey third quarter at 95% occupancy which was a decrease of approximately 3% from tthey prior year. Our retail collections have been challenging during tthey pandemic as reflected in our negative same store cash NOI. Our multifamily properties experienced a challenging quarter as same store cash NOI decreased approximately 5.4% due primarily from tthey decrease in average occupancy at Hassalo in Portland offset by favorable master lease signed with a private university in San Diego area at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. On a segment basis, occupancy was at 87.5% at tthey end of tthey third quarter, a decrease of approximately 3% from tthey prior year. We expect our occupancy to return to normal stabilized levels at Hassalo as we've recently adjusted pricing and concessions. With ttheyse adjustments in tthey last 10 days, we've already seeing leasing traffic increase from a weekly average of four to six tourists per week to 10 to 12 tourists per week. We have captured a total of 11 new leases in just tthey last week. Our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and tthey Waikiki Beach Walk retail is located on tthey island of Oahu. Tthey State of Hawaii remained in a self-quarantine throughout most of tthey third quarter significantly impacted tthey operating results for tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey Embassy Suites average occupancy for tthey third quarter of 2020 was 66% compared with tthey average occupancy in tthey second quarter of 2020 of 17%. Tthey average daily rate for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $209, which is approximately 40% of tthey prior year's ADR. Waikiki Beach Walk retails suffered considerably with virtually no tourists on tthey island till recently. We're working daily with our tenants at Waikiki Beach Walk to formalize a recovery plan that benefits both our tenants and tthey company utilizing all resources necessary including state and city grant programs and lobbying efforts. Let's talk about bad debt expense reserves in tthey third quarter. As noted in our earnings release, in tthey third quarter, we collected approximately 89% of what was billed in Q3 to our tenants. We had COVID-19 adjustments amounting to 2% of what was billed in Q3 to our tenants. And tthey balance of approximately 9% is tthey amount outstanding what was billed in Q3. Ttheir is compared to tthey second quarter collections of 81% COVID-19 adjustments of 5% and Q2 amounts that were billed and still outstanding of 14%. Also, as noted in our earnings release in tthey third quarter, we incurred an additional bad debt expense of accounts receivable of approximately 21% of tthey outstanding uncollected amounts at tthey end of Q3 and we incurred an additional bad debt expense of straight-line rent receivables of approximately 11%. Ttheir is compared to a bad debt expense, accounts receivable of approximately 14% of tthey outstanding uncollected amounts at tthey end of Q2, and bad debt expense of straight-line rent receivables of approximately 7% at tthey end of Q2. It's easy to get confused in all ttheyse percentages. However, from a big picture perspective, at tthey end of tthey third quarter, our total allowance for doubtful accounts, which reflects tthey cumulative bad debt expense charges recorded totals approximately 39% of our gross accounts receivable and approximately 3% of our straight-line rent receivables. Let's talk about liquidity. As we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had approximately $405 million in liquidity comprised of $155 million of cash and cash equivalents and $250 million of availability on our line of credit, and only one of our properties is encumbered by a mortgage. Our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.7x on a quarterly annualized basis. On a trailing 12-month basis, our EBITDA would be approximately 6.0x. Our focus is to maintain our net debt to EBITDA at 5.5x or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.6x on a quarterly annualized basis and 3.9x on a trailing 12-month basis. As relates to guidance, as previously disclosed, we withdrew our 2020 guidance on April 3, due to tthey uncertainty that tthey pandemic would have on our existing guidance, particularly in our hotel and retail sectors. Until we have a clear view of tthey economic impact of tthey pandemic or more certainty as to wtheyn a vaccine becomes available, we will refrain from issuing furttheyr guidance. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks Bob. As Bob said earlier, at tthey end of tthey third quarter net of One Beach, which is under redevelopment, our office portfolio stood at over 96% leased with just under 6% expiring through tthey end of 2021. Given tthey quality of our assets and tthey strength of tthey markets in which ttheyy are located, with technology and life science as key market drivers, we continue to execute new and renewal leases at favorable rental rates, delivering continued NOI growth in our office segment. Tthey weighted average base rent increase for our nine renewals completed during tthey quarter was 6.7%. And it's also as Bob pointed out earlier, with leases already signed we have locked in approximately $30 million of NOI growth in our office segment priced at approximately $6 million in 2020, $14 million in 2021 and $10 million in 2022. We anticipate significant additional NOI growth in 2022 and 2023 through tthey redevelopment of leasing of 102,000 square feet at One Beach Street in San Francisco, and 33,000 square feet at 1110 Oregon Square in tthey Lloyd sub market of Portland. In addition, we have tthey ability to organically grow our office portfolio by up to an additional 768,000 square feet, or 22% on sites we already own by building tower three of La Jolla Commons, and 213,000 square foot tower ttheir currently into tthey city for permits, and blocks 90 and 103 Oregon square with two configuration options, one at 392,000 square feet, and tthey ottheyr at 555,000 square feet, which we recently received entitlements on from tthey Portland Design Review Commission. We continue evaluating market conditions, prospective tenant interest and hopefully decreasing construction costs on ttheyse development opportunities. In summary, we have a stable office portfolio with little near term rollover, significant built in NOI growth and additional upside through repositioning and redevelopment within our existing portfolio, plus substantial new development on sites we already own. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. RonKamdem Good morning. You got Ron Kamdem on for Richard Hill. A couple quick ones for me. Tthey first is just on tthey bad debt. I just would like to dig into that one a little bit more. I think I theyard correctly that bad debt is at 39% of accounts receivable and 3% of straight-line rent receivables. So I guess tthey question number one is, is that - is that been increasing from 2Q to 3Q? It sounds like it has I just want to confirm that and maybe a little bit more color on what's driving that? And are you guys thinking about it? And maybe are you being too conservative and so forth? Thank you. RobertBarton Good morning, Ron. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, so if what we said in tthey script was it is 39% of total accounts receivable, tthey bad debt, and that's on our allowance for doubtful accounts. So from dollar standpoint, that's about $7 million, we had about anottheyr $2.5 million in straight line rent receivables, or bad debt reserves against straight line rent. So tthey total of tthey two of those is about $10 million, just a slightly under that. Wtheyn we look at wtheyre we were at tthey end of Q2, that amount was approximately $3.3 million. On tthey bad debt reserve, bad debt expense for accounts receivable that increase from $3.3 million to approximately $7.7 million. And tthey reason why is that each quarter that until we get ttheir vaccine, and it's difficult on tthey retail tenants. And so in each quarter, what we do is we go through and we evaluate wtheyttheyr what is tthey likelihood that we will receive what's billed. We'll take a look at if we can receive what's been deferred. And we'll make a decision at that point in time as to wtheyttheyr it's probable we'll receive 95 5% of tthey remaining cash flows. ErnestRady Thanks Bob. Ron, ttheir is Ernest. As a matter of policy and strategy, we'd much sooner be on tthey conservative side than tthey optimistic side. So Bob has made an accurate assessment as possible. But our strategy has always been if we're going to err, err on tthey conservative side. And thanks for tthey question. RonKamdem Got it. That's theylpful. My ottheyr question I get that it sort of ties in to tthey bad debt was just on tthey guidance. I think theirtorically tthey team has provided sort of guidance for tthey next year at that time. And, obviously, I can appreciate ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces. But just what was tthey thought behind even giving it some broad strokes for tthey retail portfolio, tthey office portfolio; it feels like you have pretty good visibility on tthey office portfolio with tthey presentation you've put out. So, just curious why not sort of put a guidance number out ttheyre and theylp sort of tthey street, get some broad signposts? ErnestRady Ron, we'd love to give tthey guidance that you're asking for, ttheyre is just so much uncertainty out ttheyre from an economic point of view and a theyalth point of view, that we thought that we have very little to gain, and a lot to lose by saying something that doesn't turn out to be true. So we just assumed remain silent, until we know exactly how ttheir is all going to play out. But I understand your concern, and our concern too, I mean, we're monitoring wtheyre we are and wtheyre we're going. And we're doing tthey best we can. But I don't want to; I wouldn't want to mislead anybody, including ourselves. RobertBarton And, Ron, from time to time in our investor presentations, we'll include some foresight as to what we know, at that point in time. But we're not issuing guidance, as Ernest said. ErnestRady And I think on tthey office side, we've given some indication of wtheyre our sentiment is. And that's because of tthey high quality of tthey assets and tthey high quality that tenants, ttheyre's some, we have some assurance that what we say, will turn out to be true. In tthey rest of tthey portfolio, it's so COVID effective. We're just not certain. RonKamdem Got it. And ttheyn my last one, if I may. I think interesting your opening comments about Prop 15 and Prop 21. And I know tthey governor of California came out an opposition of Prop 21. Just in your mind, obviously, tthey goal is for none of ttheym to pass, but is one more likely or you're more concerned of than tthey ottheyr. So, if you're thinking out loud, it's Prop 15, maybe a bigger risk of passing than Prop 21. Or you guys just sort of see tthey same odds across tthey board. Thanks. ErnestRady I think Prop 15 is a threat to tthey entire state, not just to us, as Adam pointed out in their presentation, that ttheyre's going to be short term discomfort for us, but long-term pain for tthey businesses that are involved. And for tthey residents of California. I saw a survey recently that Prop 15 was going to pass. And now ttheyy think it's unlikely to pass somewhat unlikely to pass. So God only knows what's going to happen. But I hope for tthey sake of California, that Californians and us as long-term residents, that it fails to pass. RobertBarton Prop 15, our assessment is that it's not going to have a huge impact to us initially, but rattheyr to tthey customers as a pass through, and ttheyn in turn, potentially, on rent growth in California looking forward. So we're definitely opposing Prop 15. Operator Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. CraigSchmidt Good morning. Thank you. In terms of tthey reserve for bad debt, primarily being at tthey foot of a couple of properties. I think I understand Waikiki and Del Monte and I'm guessing Alamo Quarry is somewhat related to regal centers, but why was Carmel Mountain Plaza pushing that bad debt number? RobertBarton Well, I think a lot of it that you're seeing at Del Monte, Alamo Quarry and Carmel Mountain Plaza. That's wtheyre tthey three ttheyaters are located. So we've gone through and we put a reserve on those particular one and ttheyn we just had a lot of in tthey apparel industry. Adam, maybe you want to talk to some of tthey negotiations specifically, but in general. ErnestRady Some of tthey collection efforts that they's been speartheyading? AdamWyll Yes. I mean, sure, just based on our challenges with a lot of ttheyse retailers, not just tthey mom and pop, but some of tthey national guys. I mean, I think we're, like Ernest and Bob said, taking a more conservative view of our probability of collections on those guys. So we're still all over ttheyse guys and working with ttheym as much as possible. But you want to be more conservative in our presentation and hope to surprise to tthey upside on ttheyse guys. ErnestRady Would it be safe to say, Adam that everybody's trying everybody on for size, see if ttheyre is an opportunity, and we just kind of have to speak up on our own behalf and so far, we're being successful. RobertBarton That's right. I mean, all ttheyse guys are operating as if you don't ask you don't get so virtually everyone is asking for some form of relief from us. And maybe we've given relief to 20% to 30% of ttheyse guys so far, only wtheyn needed, but we're just trying to be smart about it and take our time and not rush into it. But like we also said those that are unilaterally withholding rents that have tthey money, those are tthey ones we're going after, we're not necessarily having to take reserves against those guys, it's tthey folks that are more challenged financially. ErnestRady I think our stakeholders can be assured that we're doing everything we can on behalf of our stockholders to collect every rent, dollar of rent that we're entitled. And if we don't collect it, as Adam said in their presentation, we're going to try and get something for what we have to give up. And it's a negotiation with a committee that looks at every opportunity to come up with tthey transaction that is tthey best for tthey company. CraigSchmidt Okay, thank you for that. And ttheyn I see a somewhat lower rent collection in October versus September for retail. Again, it goes from 82.6 to 77.3. Is that just a matter of timing? RobertBarton It's probably just a matter of timing, because that's only as of, I think it's like October 16. October, at a certain point, during October, so a lot of it comes in at tthey end of tthey month, because it's negotiating and some are slow paying, but we're getting it. AdamWyll Yes, even those with recurring payments that are making ttheym are starting to pay later in tthey cycle. So we do expect that number to increase. That's our expectation now anyway. CraigSchmidt Great. And ttheyn just finally, it looks like you had 71,000 square feet of renewals. Could you categorize those? If you were anchor what type of tenants ttheyy were? AdamWyll On tthey renewals, that would be in tthey back of tthey supplement. I don't have tthey details on that in front of me, Craig. CraigSchmidt What about office? ErnestRady Because I think Steve covered tthey office, Craig. AdamWyll Yes. CraigSchmidt No, I was talking retail. But okay, let me re-look at tthey supplemental. AdamWyll Ernest, do you want to comment? ErnestRady Yes. It's 71,000; I have tthey ttheyyet in front me. AdamWyll Yes, it's just a mix of different tenants that have come through tthey system. ErnestRady Yes, I don't have breakout on it. It's just going to be a mix of tenants that come through. That's a good question, though, Craig, thanks for asking. Operator Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. ToddThomas Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of questions on tthey office segment. Curious for an update, I think last quarter ttheyre were no changes to tthey build out and floor plans for Google at landmark. Just curious if you can provide an update ttheyre if anything's changed, and ttheyn wtheyttheyr ttheyre are any ottheyr tenants in tthey portfolio that might be looking to eittheyr reconfigure or maybe ttheyyd some space. ErnestRady Jerry has told me that Google is continuing as furttheyr as per ttheyir original plans. And Steve, are you aware of any thing that we should make Todd - known to Todd? SteveCenter Why not? Tthey Google and Autodesk is reconfiguring and investing more in ttheyir space. So we're fortunate in that regard. Yes, our bigger tenants are moving forward with plans past ttheir, ttheir pandemic. ToddThomas Okay. Is ttheyre any sublease space in tthey office segment of tthey portfolio at all today? SteveCenter So it's market by market, so I'll say starting in San Diego sub lease is really muted. Delver Heights is 0.6% vacancy for sublease space. UTC is 0.7%. Those are our two main markets. San Francisco. ttheyre is a lot of sublease space right now. Ttheyre's been a big uptick ttheyre. Fortunately, Autodesk and Google occupy tthey entire landmark building. And One Beach is under redevelopment. We won't deliver that until 2022. So hopefully we're through tthey worst of ttheir at that time. Portland again, sublease space is muted; tthey total sublease vacancy in Portland right now is 1.5%. Bellevue has significant sublease space, but it's really kind of not an indicator ttheyre. And that just currently, on tthey east side mark and Bellevue is part of tthey east side market. It's a 37 million square foot market. Ttheyre's 4.3 million square feet of office space under construction on tthey east side. And it's 96% pre-leased. So that's a big block market. Amazon, Google, Facebook. Obviously, Microsoft and T Mobile have affirmed its commitment to that marketplace on tthey east side. So it's just very, very strong. We've got one floor available for sublease that Cisco has up. And we just got an RFP yesterday for 52,000 feet, with an engineering firm that's being displaced from a building that's being torn down to new building for Amazon. So Bellevue is just extremely robust, strong. And sub lease space really isn't a big factor ttheyre. So hopefully that answers your question. ErnestRady Fortunately, being in Bellevue as being in tthey right place at tthey right time. And I don't know that we're that smart. But we're certainly that lucky. So we're glad to be ttheyre. Thanks for tthey question, Todd. ToddThomas Great, yes, that's theylpful. Do you have a sense for, what employee occupancy looks like in your assets across tthey office portfolio? SteveCenter It's low, it's probably sub 20% and most - ErnestRady About 20% to 25%. But as I look at that circumstance, tthey associates want to come back to work, and we want ttheym to come back to work. Ttheir working from home is not tthey fun that everybody says. Ttheyre will be some work from home going forward. But from an operational point of view, and a mental theyalth point of view, and a company point of view, and an individual point of view, back to tthey office as tthey way to go is my view. And it will transpire to that or transform to that at some point over tthey future, depending on what happens to COVID-19. AdamWyll To add to that I've had conversations with tenant rep brokers that represent some of tthey biggest companies out ttheyre. And ttheyy said, behind tthey scenes, CEOs are saying get tthey theyck back to work. ErnestRady That's what I say. AdamWyll And we feel tthey same way. So it's not a matter of - if it's a matter of wtheyn, and Google again, as a good example, that ttheyy did not modify ttheyir plan due to COVID in terms of configuration, so we will get ttheyre. ToddThomas Okay, and ttheyn in terms of tthey Embassy Suites. Bob, I was wondering if you had any visibility ttheyre on occupancy and ADR theyading into tthey fourth quarter, and maybe also an update on bookings as we think about 2021. RobertBarton Yes, we ended at 66% occupancy for tthey - on a weighted average basis for tthey quarter. We've seen, during tthey third quarter, we've seen it tick up to like 75%. And we've been trending in tthey last probably month somewtheyre between 52% to 65%. As you go into tthey fourth quarter, we'll probably keep it in that range somewtheyre between 50T to 65%. And right now we do have bookings, and we're looking forward, but it's is - ttheyy have tthey ability to cancel ttheym if depending on tthey quarantine, if tthey quarantine, openness of tthey quarantine in Hawaii remains open. Ttheyn we'll see a difference. ErnestRady Bob, is it safe to say that tthey ADR is affected by tthey nature of our tenants now who are mostly government employees and not tourists, and tthey tourists will, once ttheir thing returns to normal, our ADR will return to normal? RobertBarton Yes, I think that's been very theylpful. We can always lean on tthey DoD, tthey DoD has been about 80% of our occupancy and ttheyn tthey local Hawaiians have been tthey ottheyr 20%. And as a result, both of those are at a much lower ADR. Tthey ADR is probably somewtheyre between 205 and 225 compared to I think we hit 360 last year, if not higtheyr on an average basis, obviously some rooms went much higtheyr and some were a little bit lower. But we are, as I understand it, we are one of two hotels that are open on Waikiki. And we expect more to open as tourism comes back. But that having that open and being able to have a breakeven is have been a win for us during ttheir pandemic. Wtheyreas I think tthey ottheyr eight hotels in Waikiki have been completely closed. ErnestRady Not that I can guarantee you, but I think once people can travel, ttheyy're coming back to Hawaii. Ttheyy're coming back to Waikiki. It's a great piece of property. And we've used ttheir time to upgrade tthey property by painting, fixing tthey spalling, tthey salt air damage, upgrading tthey room furniture, so we're ready to go. And ttheir economy, people will be anxious to travel once ttheir damn thing is over. Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Ernest Rady for any furttheyr remarks. Ernest Rady I want to thank you all for your patience during ttheir difficult time. I can assure you that everybody at American Assets Trust is working hard to ensure that wtheyn things return to normal, tthey results that we present will be more than adequate. And during ttheir time, we're doing tthey best we can. And it's not easy for anybody. It's not easy for us. But we're going to get ttheyre. And at some point, we'll look back on ttheir. It's a terrible memory. Thank you all for attending. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.