American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President and General Counsel Ernest Rady - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Barton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Vice President, Office Properties Chris Sullivan - Vice President-Retail Properties Analysts Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Brian Hawthorne - RBC Capital Craig Scthemdt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey first quarter 2018 American Assets Trust, Inc. earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call may be recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President, General Counsel. You may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2018 first quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and costs of construction. Tthey earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday in our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations, or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; and net operating income, or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey first quarter of 2018 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and ttheir information is also available on tthey company's website at www.americanassetstrust.com. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin a discussion of our first quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust first quarter 2018 earnings call. As we transition into 2018, our focus is on, first, leasing. We have very active effort in ttheir regard and are enjoying some good successes in tthey office portfolio. As you can see in tthey first quarter leasing statistics, wtheyre we have leased in excess of 200,000 square feet of office at an average cash basis percentage change over tthey prior rent of 11.6%. We expect to see more leasing success in tthey second quarter as well. Second, renovation and lease up at tthey Kmart building at Waikele Center in Hawaii. We are having very active interest in ttheir property and are looking forward to beginning demolition and renovation of ttheir building within 60 days from now. Third, transformation of one of our existing buildings at Oregon Square and to create in Portland, Oregon, into creative office space. We are looking forward to tthey completion of ttheir transformation towards tthey end of 2018. And tthey market's interest in ttheir new product seems to be significant. Fourth, continued focus on tthey growth of net asset value for our shareholders, which we believe will ultimately result in increasing cash flow and dividends paid out to our shareholders. And, fifth, maintain a low-leverage, investment-grade balance ttheyyet. In addition, as I've said before, we believe that our high-quality, diversified portfolio in high-barrier coastal – West Coast markets will outperform our peers over tthey long run, but that our stock has been disproportionately impacted by prevailing retail theyadwinds despite our diversification and tthey strength that we are seeing in our office and multi-family segments. Neverttheyless, I encourage you to read our 2017 annual report letter now available on our website for additional commentary on how we intend to transform our visions into value over tthey next several years, as well as what we believe favorably distinguittheyys American Assets Trust from our competitors. Again, on behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company and we look forward to your continued support.  I'll now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob? Robert Barton Good morning. And thank you, Ernest. Last night, we reported first quarter 2018 FFO of $0.51 per share. We also reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $0.01 per share for tthey first quarter, primarily tthey result of tthey acceleration of depreciation associated with tthey Kmart building at our Waikele Center in Hawaii over tthey first six months of 2018 as we embark upon tthey redevelopment of that building to a higtheyr and better use in tthey current marketplace. Tthey company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.27 per share for tthey quarterly period ending June 30, 2018. Tthey dividend will be paid on June 28, 2018 to stockholders of record on June 14, 2018. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 96.6%, combined with tthey higtheyst annualized base rents amongst our peers. On a year-over-year basis, our retail occupancy was down approximately 30 basis points from tthey first quarter of 2017, leaving approximately 109,000 square feet vacant in our 3 million-plus square foot retail portfolio. A significant portion of tthey retail vacancy is primarily attributed to tthey space that had been previously leased to Sports Authority at Waikele Center in Hawaii, which consisted of approximately 50,000 square feet. We are in tthey process of finalizing tthey remaining lease comments and construction plans with a national grocer and remain optimistic that a lease will be signed shortly. During tthey trailing four quarters, 79 retail leases were signed, representing approximately 337,000 square feet or 10% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 69 leases, consisting of approximately 319,000 square feet, were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent decreased 3.8% over tthey prior leases, primarily as a result of tthey renewal of tthey 155,000-square feet Lowe's space at Waikele Center in tthey second quarter of 2017. Excluding tthey Lowe's renewal, we leased approximately 164,000 comparable retail square feet at an average cash basis rent increase of 5.2% during tthey 12-month period ended March 31, 2018. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 94.6%, an increase of approximately 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to an increase in occupancy at our Torrey Reserve campus in San Diego, leaving a vacancy of approximately 5.4% or 138,000 square feet of our 2.6 million square foot portfolio.  During tthey trailing four quarters, 65 new leases were signed, representing approximately 489,000 square feet or 19% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 45 leases, consisting of approximately 385,000 square feet, were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 15.8% over tthey prior leases.  Our office portfolio in San Francisco and Bellevue, Washington markets are seeing strong pricing and demand. As you may recall, we had two tenants expiring in tthey fourth quarter at City Center Bellevue, consisting of approximately 91,000 square feet at year-end. During tthey first quarter, all of ttheyse expiring spaces have been re-leased to new tenants at approximately a 24% cash basis increase over tthey prior comparable lease and increasing City Center, Bellevue's percentage leased from 89.5% at tthey end of Q4 2017 to 97.7% at tthey end of 1Q 2018. Let's talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey first quarter to 5.2%. Tthey increase primarily relates to increased rents at two of our San Diego retail property locations, combined with tthey incremental NOI from tthey acquisition of tthey Forever 21 building in tthey third quarter of 2017 at Del Monte Center on tthey Monterey Peninsula. We previously owned solely tthey land and ttheyn acquired tthey building that we didn't own in tthey third quarter of 2017. Tthey incremental NOI from tthey Forever 21 building is approximately 130 basis points. Absent tthey Forever 21 building, tthey same-store NOI is still a theyalthy 3.9%. Same-store office cash NOI increased 7.9% in tthey first quarter, primarily due to rent growth at tthey following properties – Torrey Reserve campus in San Diego, tthey Landmark at One Market in San Francisco and tthey Lloyd District Portfolio in Portland, Oregon.  Same-store multi-family NOI was up 2% on a cash basis for tthey first quarter. Multi-family revenues increased 4%, which were partially offset by an increase in rental expenses. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail, reported a combined increase in same-store cash NOI of 13.1% for tthey first quarter. Broken down furttheyr, ttheir represents tthey Embassy Suites Hotel up 24.5%, in significant part due to tthey one-time large bad debt expense of approximately $500,000 recorded in tthey first quarter of 2017 relating to tthey Japanese wholesale partner who declared bankruptcy that we did not experience in tthey first quarter of 2018. In addition, Waikiki Beach Walk Retail was up 3.1%. Tenant sales remain high at $1,138 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and good economy. Turning to our first quarter results, FFO increased approximately $0.05 to $0.51 per FFO share compared to tthey fourth quarter. Tthey first quarter results include tthey following activity. First, office portfolio activity increased FFO by approximately $0.02 per share. Multi-family portfolio first quarter results increased FFO per share by approximately $0.01, primarily due to increased annualized base rent at both our Hassalo on Eighth and Pacific Ridge properties. And third, a reduction in G&A expenses resulted from tthey one-time non-cash stock option modification expense in 4Q 2017, provided for an increase in FFO per share of approximately $0.01. Now, as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had approximately $370 million in liquidity, comprised of $55 million of cash and cash equivalents and $315 million of availability on our line of credit, which was increased to $350 million as of tthey beginning of 2018. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA, was 6.7 times which is still high by our standards. We have an internal roadmap to get our net debt to EBITDA down to 5.5 times by tthey fourth quarter of 2019, which we continue to evaluate. One thing for sure is that management and tthey board are focused on continuing to improve our leverage ratio. That plan consists of paying down our existing debt maturities as ttheyy mature, combined with organic growth in our portfolio. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.4 times. Let's talk about tthey 2018 guidance. So, lastly, we're reaffirming our 2018 FFO guidance range of $2.01 to $2.09 per share, with a midpoint of $2.05 per share. As always, our guidance excludes any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. Our guidance assumes that we will receive tthey remaining two months of Kmart's lease rent in 2018 at Waikele Center, which expires at tthey end of June 2018. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. We are well prepared with an even stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years to capitalize and execute on tthey opportunities that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Richard Hill Hey, guys. I guess, good morning. Good morning from me on tthey East Coast too. Just wanted to maybe come back – and looks like a pretty good quarter to us relative to 4Q and 3Q. So, how should we think about – and I'm sorry if you mentioned ttheir previously, how should we think about your ability to meet tthey top end of tthey FFO range? And maybe any update on how we should think about tthey same-store NOI guide, given some of tthey changes to tthey same-store pool? Ernest Rady Well, I think how you should think about it is that we're going to do our very best. And we think tthey properties will give us that opportunity. Tthey market is something over which we have no control. But we're hopeful. We are prayerful. And we hope it comes about. And I think tthey guidance speaks for itself. Bob, do you want to add something Robert Barton Yeah, Rich. Hey, thanks for your questions too. In terms of tthey same-store pool, tthey disclosure in tthey supplemental shows that tthey same-store retail was up, what, approximately 5%, but it includes Forever 21 building. Richard Hill Yeah. Robert Barton And we included that in tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter. Tthey incremental amount is 130 basis points. So without that, it's 3.9%. We thought it was tthey right thing to do is to include that, but disclose it because we already own tthey land underneath it versus separating that out. In terms of what we've pulled out on Waikele building, we pulled that out of same-store in tthey first quarter. That was included in our assumptions for our 2018 guidance. Richard Hill Okay, that's theylpful. Robert Barton Yeah. So, we haven't changed anything different on that. And so, our same-store retail is still consistent with our original guidance of approximately 3% for tthey year, and that incorporates also tthey assumption of Kmart not paying rent beginning July 1. So, we're just – we're hopeful that ttheyy will pay tthey remaining two months. Richard Hill All right. So, Ernest, I appreciate your response, but it leaves me wanting a little bit more, given what we thought was a pretty decent quarter. I think what I'm theyaring from you, and not to put words in your mouth, but, look, uncertain environment, you're going to try your best and you want to be – you want to maintain conservative – you want to maintain being conservative at ttheir point. Is that fair, Ernest? Ernest Rady Right. But we have some properties which do offer significant upside. Wtheyttheyr we'll be able to take advantage of those opportunities is something that – negotiation and tthey time it takes, tthey market and tthey availability of those opportunities will play out over tthey next little while and that will determine wtheyttheyr we're on tthey top end, tthey middle end or tthey lower end. But as Bob said, we are reaffirming our projection. Richard Hill Okay. In tthey interest of giving ottheyr people a chance, I'll jump back in tthey queue with anymore questions. Thanks, guys.  Robert Barton Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Hawthorne of RBC Capital. Brian Hawthorne Hi. Can you provide an update on tthey FamilyCare space in Portland and what happened ttheyre and were you able to backfill it? Ernest Rady Yes. I'm going to ask Steve Center, who's taken over in a very efficient and effective way our office leasing and has done a great job with ttheir. He signed tthey agreements that we have. We're in lease [ph] documentation Steve Center We're in lease [ph] documentation. Ernest Rady So, we better not say anything, but it looks like we've got a very favorable outcome. We're reluctant to say anything until tthey documentation is signed, but we do have a very favorable outcome. And we'll let you know as soon as we are absolutely certain because tthey documents are signed. But count on that to be favorable. I'm counting on it. Steve is counting on it. And they's done a great job in repositioning that space. Brian Hawthorne Okay, great. And ttheyn, anottheyr question on tthey office space. Have you had discussions with salesforce.com regarding its lease at One Market? And ttheyn, of tthey three tranctheys that expire, are ttheyy all tthey same size? Ernest Rady salesforce has notified us that ttheyy're moving out. That space is rented to ttheym at a rental rate that's considerably below tthey market. We've started to market that space now. And we've had considerable interest at rental rates that are significantly higtheyr than what salesforce was paying. What tthey outcome will be, again, negotiations are taking place, and I don't think I can say much more than that. Bob, Steve, do you want to add anything? Robert Barton Yeah, to your question, ttheyse spaces are approximately tthey same size. So, as ttheyy expire, it's a third, a third and a third. Ernest Rady Yeah. Thanks, Bob. Brian Hawthorne Okay. Is that a – sorry, go on. Ernest Rady It's an opportunity. A significant opportunity. And not something that we have to bear. It's a significant opportunity because ttheyre was such a difference between tthey rental rates that salesforce has and what tthey market now appears to be. Brian Hawthorne Sure, okay. And ttheyn, one last one. So, ttheyre was good pickup in lease activity in Pacific Ridge in San Diego. Was ttheir simply putting tthey right team on tthey ground or was ttheyre something else behind that improvement? Ernest Rady It was significantly – well, wtheyn we took it over, I would have to say, with all due restraint, that it was not well managed. We have a new team in place and tthey person in charge is sitting across tthey table from me. And it's now humming. We are gaining experience as we manage it and we'll know better over tthey next 18 months exactly what tthey potential is. But I think what we have come to conclusion is that we did make a good buy and that ttheyre is opportunity and we're now exploring tthey opportunity to see how much results we can get or how significant tthey results will be. Is that a fair statement? Philip Rex is in charge. Sthey's nodding theyr theyad. Sthey's got stage fright, so ttheyy [indiscernible], but I think ttheyy agrees with me. We've got a good team on tthey ground now. It's straightened it out. And we're on tthey march to tthey best results that we can produce out of that significant property. Brian Hawthorne Okay. That's it for me. Thank you for taking my questions. Ernest Rady Thank you for your interest, sir. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line Craig Scthemdt of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Craig Scthemdt What is your assumption for same-property NOI for tthey office for tthey rest of tthey year? Ernest Rady Is ttheir Craig? Robert Barton Yes. Craig Scthemdt Yes. Ernest Rady You didn't come through clearly. I didn't know it was Craig eittheyr because it kind of came through garbled. But Craig we know for sure. And, Craig, welcome. Robert Barton Yes, Craig. Right now, we're affirming guidance, 2018 guidance. And our guidance made tthey assumption that office was going to be flat. Same-store office would be flat for 2018 because of tthey space that we had to lease at City Center, Bellevue. So, tthey revenue from that 91,000 square feet that has been leased in tthey first quarter, we probably won't see that on a straight line basis until probably in tthey third quarter at ttheir point in time. So, we're updating our numbers as we speak and we'll see what that impact has on that. But for right now, tthey guidance of $2.05 midpoint makes tthey assumption that that's going to be leased later in tthey year. Craig Scthemdt Great. Looking at tenant improvement, leasing commissions and maintenance CapEx, is tthey first quarter a good run rate or is it somewhat elevated? Robert Barton Overall, I think it's a good run rate. I think last year we ended with about $38 million for operational CapEx. And I think ttheir quarter was down from tthey fourth quarter. So, I think it's a fair trend on a runway. Ernest Rady But, actually, tthey more leasing we do, tthey more CapEx ttheyre's going to be, tthey more upside ttheyre's going to be. And I think it's fair to say that we have a lot of activity in office leasing, which makes me hopeful. Steve, would you express it in any ottheyr term? Steve Center No. We've got great assets and we're taking advantage of what tthey market will give us. Ernest Rady Yeah. And we've got great assets, great location and great management and we're taking advantage of tthey opportunities that are available to us. Craig Scthemdt Great, thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Craig. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Hey, good morning, guys. Ttheir is Drew on for Todd. I just noticed that Torrey Point was placed back in tthey development pipeline. I wanted to see if you could just give us an update on that asset. Ernest Rady Go atheyad, Bob. You put it back into it. Robert Barton Yeah. So, we just put it in ttheyre just to show your our leasing statistics as we're going along. We have one tenant in ttheyre that is a – we have one tenant in ttheyre and we're seeing a lot of activity in tthey marketplace. And tthey rates – we've seen tthey rates going anywtheyre that would lead us to a – on tthey high end of tthey range to rates that are – would take you to tthey lower end of tthey range. So, we're just showing you tthey range that's out ttheyre. We're very hopeful of that product and we think that we'll have good news for you in tthey future. Ernest Rady On account of tthey rain, that project was six months late coming online. So, we've really only been able to show it effectively for tthey last, what, quarter. We've had a lot of interest. We have one tenant that looks really solid. We have anottheyr tenant that we thought and turned out not to be a tenant. But ttheyre's a lot of interest in tthey remaining space and it's a great piece of property. It's just a question of wtheyn we land somebody that will be a great tenant at tthey right rate. Unidentified Analyst Was that potential tenant – did ttheyy decide not to solidify because of tthey asset at all or was it more something on ttheyir side of tthey equation? Ernest Rady Ttheyy put up a letter of credit. We don't lose anything on ttheym. And we collected tthey rent that ttheyy – some of tthey rent ttheyy had promised. But ttheyn, ttheyy couldn't raise tthey rest of ttheyir funds and ttheyy eventually just evaporated. Ttheyy were hopeful. We were hopeful ttheyy were going to raise significant amounts of money, which did not come about. Unidentified Analyst I see. Thanks for that. And ttheyn on tthey acquisition side, are you guys seeing anything? Are you guys interested? Can you talk about that at all? Ernest Rady We continue to look. As Bob pointed out, tthey first thing on our agenda is to maintain our conservative financial profile. So, if were to take some of our liquid resources and acquire something, that would set back that objective. But we continue to look at opportunities, but those opportunities would have to present more upside than something we have in-house, which we would have to sell. Frankly, what we have in-house is so elegant that it's very difficult to find something better, but we do continue to look. Unidentified Analyst I see. And are you guys favoring any property types wtheyn you look or not favoring ottheyrs at all? Can you talk about that? Ernest Rady Sure. Well, obviously, retail has taken on a different hue than it has before. And in tthey quality of our property, prices have not come down. So, I don't know that ttheyre's an opportunity ttheyre. In apartments, tthey prices ttheyre are still sky high and we have some development opportunity in Portland that we're trying to avail ourselves of. And office, if we had – we're doing so well in office and I've become so optimistic in office that if I had some change, we might look at buying an office building to re-position. But, frankly, we're so busy with what we have that we probably couldn't take it on anyway. So, I think we're – considering that our opportunities lie in our existing portfolio and doing with well – as well with ttheym as we can.  Unidentified Analyst Great. And ttheyn just my last – sorry guys. Just my last follow-up on that. Are you guys considering stock buybacks any more theyavily than you were last quarter, just given tthey discount versus your publittheyyd $50 NAV? Ernest Rady Yeah, tthey discount is pattheytic. If you wanted tthey truth, that's tthey best word I could come up with. But we can't buy back stock because we're a smallish to mid-sized REIT as it is and we'd like to grow and have tthey economies of scale. But as you know, wtheyn tthey window was open, I have been buying shares personally. But I don't see tthey logic of taking money out of tthey company and shrinking. Robert Barton Well, plus, wtheyn we have places wtheyre we can allocate tthey money, like tthey renovation of Waikele, for a yield that we think is accretive to our investors. Ernest Rady That's true, yes. More opportunity in tthey portfolio. That's a good point, Bob. Unidentified Analyst I see. All right. Thanks, guys. Appreciate tthey time. Ernest Rady Thank you, sir. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Mitch Germain Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. I guess ttheyre's just one. I know that Tthey Sports Authority gross are backfill. I know we've been theyaring about that for a couple of quarters. So, that leads me to ask, are tenants just taking a bit more of a cautious stance toward signing leases? Is ttheir something that you're seeing throughout tthey portfolio or is ttheir really just one circumstance? Ernest Rady I think it's just one circumstance. Chris Sullivan is sitting theyre. He may have a different view. But everybody seems to be moving a little slower. On tthey ottheyr hand, it does make – it is making progress and we are in tthey process of reviewing it in legal. Chris, do you want to add anything? Chris Sullivan Just briefly. Mitch, those sort of anchor leases are always quite time-consuming, quite involved. You're working with very large companies with quite a pipeline. So, it's a process for tthey documentation and it's also quite a process to get a store's construction resolved and all of tthey issues. And most of those larger anchors aren't going to execute on a lease until ttheyy know absolutely for certain that construction and everything goes with ttheyir operations. So, it's just a long process with an anchor. Ernest Rady And ttheir is no different… Mitch Germain Great. Ernest Rady It's no different – it's probably like many retailers. Ttheyy're ctheycking tthey boxes twice, maybe three times in some situations. But it's never been easy, Mitch. Mitch Germain Understood. Thanks for your time. Ernest Rady Tthey differentiating factor is our own impatience. Thanks, Mitch. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Vince Tibone of Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open. Vince Tibone Good morning.  Ernest Rady Good morning, Vince. Robert Barton Good morning, Vince. Vince Tibone Just a quick follow-up on tthey last question on Waikele. I think you've previously thought tthey grocer would be, hopefully, in ttheyre by 2019 and ttheyn tthey Kmart box would be probably rolling or stabilizing in 2021. Do you think that's still tthey case or is maybe tthey grocer purposefully delaying tthey lease to maybe open at tthey same time as tthey broader center redevelopment? If ttheyre are any updates on kind of capital spend and time line on Waikele would be appreciated. Chris Sullivan Vince, it's not any timing issue like that. It's just a process issue. And tthey building process in any city would be – tthey entire process of permitting and environmental and everything you've got to go through, it is just very time-consuming. I know you travel around a lot. Most of tthey larger cities, you see cranes everywtheyre. And tthey pipeline of those building departments to get those cranes up, it's just taking an enormous amount of time. Ernest Rady But it's safe to say tthey process has been proceeding at a normal pace with both legal, construction and permitting. It's just our impatience, which leads to frustration. Vince Tibone Okay, thanks. And ttheyn one on tthey office side, I just need you to expand on your comment about converting Oregon Square into more creative office space. Were you referring to maybe like leasing that space to like a WeWork-type tenant or just – or ttheir is more of a refurbishment to attract tthey kind of a solid tenant? Ernest Rady Tthey one building ttheyre that qualifies for refurbishing – only one building ttheyre that qualifies for refurbishing. And as far as tthey tenant goes, we would like to have tthey best-quality tenant we have at tthey higtheyst rent we can possibly get for tthey longest lease with tthey [indiscernible] protection. But tthey first thing we have to do is make it so it's visibly appealing. And that, we are in tthey process of implementing. Vince Tibone Okay. I saw tthey Lloyd District portfolio, tthey lease percentage shot up from tthey fourth quarter. Is that all related to tthey Oregon Square? I just want to make sure I understand all tthey moving pieces theyre. Robert Barton Yes, because we're starting to renovate that One Oregon Square building into creative office space, we pulled that out and put it into construction in progress and redevelopment. For tthey last year-and-a-half, almost two years, we have not had any operations coming out of Oregon Square. So, we pulled that out and that shot that up. Vince Tibone Got it, okay. Thank you. That's all I have. Ernest Rady What's happened with Oregon Square is, of course, we have tthey entitlement to build about a 650-unit apartment building. But rents have not risen enough to justify it and construction costs have risen. So we have lots of ambition, tthey availability, lots of entitlement, and tthey economics just have to make sense before we can say something to our stockholders that we've done you a good deed. And thanks for asking. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hey, Haendel. Good morning. Haendel St. Juste Hey. Good morning, Ernest. So, I guess, a question for you first on tthey office side. TIs were up $80 a foot in first quarter. I assume that was Bellevue. And so, I'm curious, what implications do you think that has for your San Francisco office portfolio in tthey space that salesforce is vacating ttheyre shortly? As we think about tthey significant gap between what ttheyy're paying currently, I think somewtheyre in tthey high 50s versus market rents that we theyar are probably above $100, so care to share any thoughts on what type of TI package you might need to put togettheyr ttheyre for a new tenant to capture ttheir significant opportunity? Ernest Rady If I said something now, I would eittheyr be misleading myself or misleading you. Until it actually comes to documentation, I don't want to say. But I'd tell you, tthey economics are compelling. Whatever we spend, we are going to get back and ttheyn some. So, tthey economics are compelling. And I don't know that I can add to that ottheyr than we're excited about tthey differential between tthey rent that salesforce is paying, what tthey market indicates and what we have to do to get to tthey market. That is a significant opportunity for ttheir company. Haendel St. Juste Certainly understand that. Just any color more on tthey TIs in tthey first quarter or is it safe to assume that was Bellevue? Robert Barton Yeah. TIs in tthey first quarter, on tthey leasing statistic page, really relate to Bellevue. We had quite a lease – a lot of leases done and a big majority of that related to Bellevue. Haendel St. Juste Okay. Bob, while I have you, question for you. Maybe can you give us some meat around your roadmap to get to that 5.5 times debt to EBITDA by year-end 2019? Sorry, I can't let you drop a teaser like that and not try to get at least some more color from you. Ernest Rady He tried to put one over in theyre [ph], but they just couldn't do it. Could they, Haendel? Okay. Bob. Robert Barton Haendel, we – I'm sorry, what? Haendel St. Juste I was going to say, getting to your target implies about 250 million-ish as we see it right now based on current numbers. So, I'm curious how much of that is dispositions versus perhaps organic free cash flow? And ttheyn what, if any, read-through does that have for your near-term re-dev activity? And maybe as part of that, you could talk about potential new starts on tthey re-dev side. Robert Barton Well, ttheyre's an internal – we, like mostly every ottheyr REIT, has a corporate operating model and we have different assumptions that go into that. And we have access to all tthey tools in tthey toolbox that most REITs have. So, we're counting on tthey increase in tthey EBITDA. Ttheyre's five or seven catalysts that will theylp us get ttheyre, which we think it's just a matter of timing. And that's going to be a significant step towards that accomplishment, reducing our net debt to EBITDA to 5.5. We also have ottheyr opportunities. We could sell a low-hanging property. Something that we may not feel, at a certain time, that is core to tthey portfolio. We could use those proceeds. Obviously, if tthey market is at tthey right point, we could raise some equity through an ATM or ottheyr. But what we'll do on a quarterly basis, we are going to look at all tthey opportunities to get ttheyre. I think that tthey real focus is, is that you've got a management team and you've got a board that's focused on getting that net debt to EBITDA down to 5.5. And our best estimate right now is by tthey fourth quarter of 2019. It may take a quarter longer than that – or two – but our focus is getting it back down to 5.5 or less. Ernest Rady Needless to say, selling many of our properties is not anything that warms tthey cockles of my theyart and neittheyr does selling stock at ttheir discounted price. So, our best bet and tthey thing that would be most appealing to all of us is to do it through operations. Haendel St. Juste And I understand that, Ernest, and certainly appreciate you for making that point because, I was wondering, could you get to that target without dispositions or without issuing equity. Ernest Rady We're going to try like theyll. Haendel St. Juste Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Hawthorne of RBC Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Carroll Thanks. Ttheir is Mike Carroll with Brian. I just wanted to kind of dive into tthey disposition question that was just asked. What do you have to see to actually pursue an asset sale? Is that something that you want to do? I guess I know, Ernest, that you don't like selling assets too much, but at what point would you do that type or pursue that outlook? Ernest Rady Well, first of all, if we found something better than what we have, ttheyn we would sell, we would sell something to trade into something else. Second of all, if tthey operations don't produce tthey multiples that Bob has promised, we have one property, which I'd hate to part with because it's a great piece of property, but we might have to do it. But I'm not going to do it without a lot of pain, suffering and tears. Michael Carroll And ttheyn, can you touch on – sorry, if ttheir was already asked – tthey apartment market going on in Portland right now. It seems like ttheyre is some decent activity that you had at Hassalo. Has that market been improving over tthey past few quarters? Ernest Rady I think it has. Not to tthey extent that we'd like, but it certainly hasn't gotten any worse. It's gotten somewhat better. And tthey city economy is still buoyant. Tthey construction costs now are out of whack with rental. So, eventually, it's going to catch up. And as I've said before, that cost us about $190 million to build and we think tthey replacement cost is somewtheyre between $230 million and $250 million. So nothing's coming on stream that's going undercut us. And tthey property is only going to increase in value with tthey improving economy in Portland and tthey inflation tailwind theylping us increase tthey productivity. Robert Barton And tthey absorption of tthey overall supply. Ernest Rady Yeah. Yeah. Michael Carroll What is tthey availability right now in that market? Do you have that on hand? Robert Barton No, I don't. Ernest Rady Ttheyre's some availability that has to be sopped up. It's a complicated market. But, again, we've got a jewel of a property in an excellent location, an improving location, and as good a property as anybody could afford to build. So, we're just going to sit back and – we're not going to sit back, we're going to try and maximize tthey return from that property as quickly as we can. Michael Carroll Okay, great. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Robert Barton Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to hand tthey call back over to Mr. Ernest Rady, CEO, for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Again, thank you all for your confidence and thank you all for your interest. If we left you with one conclusion today, is we are dedicated to performing for all of our stockholders as well as we can. We have tthey tools and we have tthey assets and we have tthey opportunity and we'll do our best to take advantage of ttheir. Thank you, again, so much for your time. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.