American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 12, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - EVP and COO Ernest Rady - Chairman, President, and CEO Robert Barton - EVP and CFO Steve Center - VP, Office Properties Jerry Gammieri - VP, Construction and Development Chris Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Conference Call Participants Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Daniel Ismail - Green Street Advisors Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter and Year End 2019 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Adam Wyll, EVP, COO. Please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust fourth quarter and year-end 2019 earnings call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results and our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, which we undertake no duty to update. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our fourth quarter and year end 2019 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks Adam and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. As I look back at tthey past several years and reflect on our financial and operational successes and in particular, our performance has ranked us amongst tthey best-in-class in REITs, I take comfort knowing that maintaining our disciplined strategy was instrumental in our creating shareholder wealth. And I've asked Adam Wyll, who's been with us 15 years and has done a great job and is our recently appointed and well-qualified Chief Operating Officer, to provide tthey four primary elements, that have been tthey drivers to our disciplined strategy. I believe that Adam, togettheyr with Bob and our top-notch management team have been crucial to our execution of ttheir strategy. I'll turn tthey call back over to Adam now, and I'll certainly be available for question-and-answer at tthey end of our prepared remarks. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thanks Ernest. As Ernest was mentioning, we believe our results have been driven by four key elements. First, having an irreplaceable portfolio of primarily premier coastal west coast assets and high barrier to entry infill markets with strong demographics, innovation and in tthey path of growth. Second, having a sensible financial strategy and balance ttheyyet strength with a well-laddered maturity sctheydule, ample liquidity and a target net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 5.5 times or less. Third, having a best-in-class operational platform wtheyre we are vertically integrated and with expertise in all facets of real estate investment, management and development. And fourth, and perhaps tthey single most important element of our success is our people. We are fortunate to have a cotheysive, seasoned executive team with an average industry tenure of almost 30 years and has been working togettheyr on average for almost 15 years. Each executive team member has a significant experience and capabilities across tthey real estate sector in various asset classes. With that, we are pleased to report for tthey calendar year ended December 31, 2019, we have earned approximately a 5% growth in FFO per share over tthey prior year, and we've impressively increased our FFO per share, dividends per share and EBITDA for our eighth consecutive year, each year since we went public in 2011. We believe ttheyre is much more success and opportunity to come. On behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence and allowing us to manage your company and we look forward to your continued support. I'll now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO, to discuss fourth quarter and year-end results, and ttheyn to Steve Center, our VP of Office Properties, to discuss tthey positive momentum in our office leasing. Bob? Robert Barton Good morning and thank you Adam. Last night, we reported fourth quarter 2019 FFO of $0.56 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.22 per share for tthey fourth quarter, bringing our year-end 2019 FFO to tthey low end of our guidance range at $2.20 per FFO share, still a theyalthy 5% growth in FFO over 2018. Let's jump right into tthey fourth quarter highlights. We ended up short of our guidance midpoint by approximately $0.02 of FFO, primarily due to two things; first, multifamily was down approximately $0.015 of FFO for tthey quarter. And secondly, we had a bad debt expense of approximately $0.005 of FFO per share related to a retail tenant in our household multi-family project, which we were required to reserve to new accounting rules. Let me give you a little bit more color on tthey multifamily. We were on track and on budget through Q3 of 2019. Late in Q4 2019, we saw that both our San Diego and Portland multifamily were not performing up to our internal projections. For San Diego, approximately $0.005 of FFO related to lower than expected revenues, resulting from a lower average occupancy percentage and higtheyr rent and rent incentives and approximately anottheyr $0.005 cents related to higtheyr operating expenses. For our Hassalo on Eighth departments in Portland, Oregon, approximately $0.005 related to lower base rents and higtheyr lease incentives to maintain a consistent occupancy. We took a close look at tthey fourth quarter multifamily results in depth and tightened our corporate operating model even more conservatively for 2020, and we still believe that we are comfortably within our publittheyyd 2020 guidance range of $2.38 to $2.46 per FFO share, a 10% growth in FFO at tthey midpoint. Turning to our fourth quarter results, FFO decreased approximately $0.01 to $0.56 per FFO per share compared to tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter results include tthey following activity. First, La Jolla Commons rental payments received in tthey fourth quarter increased FFO per share by approximately $0.01 of FFO. Secondly, San Diego and Portland multifamily properties, combination of a decrease in base rent and increase in operating real estate tax expenses decreased FFO per share by approximately $0.015 of FFO. Thirdly, Hassalo retail tenant write-off, as previously mentioned, decreased FFO per share by approximately $0.005. Fourth, tthey seasonality of operations at Embassy Suites, coupled with tthey ongoing renovation work decreased FFO per share by approximately $0.01 in tthey fourth quarter. And finally, interest income earned on excess cash on hand and a reduction of tthey income tax expense, increased FFO per share by approximately $0.01 per FFO share. Now, as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $449 million in liquidity, comprised of approximately $99 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $350 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 5.6 times. Our focus is to maintain our net debt to EBITDA at 5.5 times or below. Lastly, as previously mentioned, we are maintaining our 2020 guidance range of $2.38 to $2.46 per share, with a midpoint of $2.42 per FFO share. We are estimating our Q1 2020 FFO per share to be $0.58 per FFO share. Our estimate appears to be $0.01 lower than tthey current Bloomberg consensus of $0.59 per FFO share. Ttheir is due to a more conservative view in our corporate operating model of tthey multifamily in Q1 2020, based on Q4 2019 multifamily operating results, but we are still well within our guidance range for 2020. In fact, as Steve will comment on shortly, we have had good leasing successes in our office portfolio in Q4 2019 and into Q1 2020. Including tthey Lloyd District, New Portland, Oregon and Torrey Reserve Campus and Solana Beach Corporate Center in San Diego, which furttheyr strengttheyns our guidance range. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties. Steve? Steve Center Good morning and thank you, Bob. We've experienced strong net absorption and rent growth, coupled with significant stabilizations through key renewals. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 95% leased, with only 10% of tthey office portfolio expiring through tthey end of 2021. On a comparative basis, we increased occupancy by 594 basis points year-over-year. City Center Bellevue is 99% leased, but we continue to expand and extend our existing customers at much higtheyr rates. We have seen rents climb by over 45% in tthey last two years. Portland has also been very strong for us. Our Lloyd District office buildings are now 100% leased. We've seen rents increase nearly 20% in tthey last two years. And similar to tthey 830 building, we are currently redeveloping tthey 710 building at Oregon Square, a 33,000 square-foot building that will be delivered in early 2021. In addition, due to increased demand from our existing customers and ottheyr tenants that are in tthey market, we are evaluating additional office buildings on tthey two remaining blocks at Oregon Square. At First & Main, we have succeeded in renewing tthey IRS lease for 64,000 square feet with a rent increase of approximately 20%. We also expect to renew tthey Veterans Benefits Administration lease for 68,000 feet, with a rent increase of approximately 19% by tthey end of ttheir month. In San Francisco, Landmark is 100% leased to Google and Autodesk. Both customers are making significant investments in ttheyir spaces. Tthey market remains very strong, especially for larger blocks of space. At One Beach, we have intentionally let lower rent leases expire, and we are in tthey process of redeveloping tthey building, which includes tthey addition of a 4,000 square foot elevator-served rooftop deck with panoramic views of Alcatraz and tthey Golden Gate Bridge. Tthey fully renovated approximately 102,000 square-foot building will provide an 85,000 square foot contiguous block of space to be delivered in early 2021. We expect net rent increases of approximately 50% once completed. And Bob reminds me that we are still expecting approximately 10% growth in our overall FFO in 2020, despite ttheir building being empty during tthey renovation period. Finally, we've made great progress in our San Diego portfolio, which now stands at approximately 92% leased and climbing versus tthey overall Class A market at 89% leased. Our newest acquisition of La Jolla Commons has been a tremendous success. It was 88% leased on acquisition, 95% leased less than two weeks later with an internally sourced tenant. And as of year-end, it was 99% leased at rates over 10% above our initial underwriting. Additionally, we expect to break ground on building street in tthey third or fourth quarter of ttheir year, if not sooner, as we respond to and are optimistic about large block RFPs currently in tthey UTC market. Direct vacancy in Class A buildings in UTC is just 2.9%, with significant new demand driven by both life science and technology users. Ttheir bodes well not only for our buildings street at La Jolla Commons, but for our Torrey Point Reserve buildings just north in Del Mar Heights. We recently signed a 33,000 square-foot lease with a publicly traded life science company at Torrey Plaza for most of tthey floor space that AAT occupies. So, we will be relocating tthey Torrey Point later ttheir year. That move, coupled with pending tenant expansions will take Torrey Point to approximately 94% leased. At Solana Crossing, our spec suit program has been a great success. Tthey property now stands at 95% leased and should approach 98% if two pending leases are signed. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Craig Schmidt Thank you. Good morning, Robert Barton Good morning Craig. Craig Schmidt Yes, I wanted to see tthey -- theyar a little more about Torrey Point. By year end 2020, what do you think tthey lease rate is? And what do you think tthey occupancy is? Steve Center We'll be at 94%, as I just said in our comments. And tthey deals we're doing right now are north of $5 a foot. So, we're hitting our targets. Craig Schmidt Okay. But I mean, will ttheyy be occupying tthey space? Steve Center Yes. Craig Schmidt Or has that just been leased? Ttheyy will be occupying? Okay, great. Steve Center Ttheyy'll be occupying, yes. Craig Schmidt Okay. Thank you very much. And ttheyn secondly, do you have a rough estimate or indication on tthey development, redevelopment yields for tthey retail pipeline? Steve Center Craig, we've done some preliminary back-of-tthey-napkin numbers. But we don't -- we're not ready to publish those. I can tell you that tthey -- ttheyy exceed our weighted average cost of capital. And we're pleasantly -- we're -- tthey numbers that we've seen thus far we're impressed with. We're just waiting for Jerry Gammieri, who theyads our construction and they's going throughout tthey buyout now. So we want to get some hard numbers before we publish any firm numbers. Craig Schmidt Okay. Thank you. Steve Center Thanks Craig. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Haendel St. Juste Hey good morning out ttheyre. Steve Center Good morning Haendel. Robert Barton Good morning. Haendel St. Juste So. Ernest, maybe for you. I'm curious on your thoughts for tthey portfolio theyre near term. You previously mentioned growth getting larger as a key initiative. And early last year, you seem to be inclined to add more multifamily. More recently, it's been a lot more enthusiasm in office. So, I guess, I'm curious today, given tthey opportunities in front of you, what you're seeing, what you're most excited about? What's perhaps more likely in terms of expanding tthey portfolio? And ttheyn how would you fund and ttheyn -- sorry for tthey multipart question, but would you be inclined to acquire assets at lower yields, even incur some upfront dilution if ttheyre was a strong growth story of potentially a strong IRR? Ernest Rady Are you sure you've got tthey whole question out ttheyre, Haendel? Okay, that's a great question. Also, you should have been an attorney. First of all, as far as retail goes, retail doesn't have tthey same glow that it's had in prior years. We're doing extremely well in retail, and we're very happy with tthey retail we have, but tthey prices of tthey retail that are of tthey quality that we would like have not come to a range that entices us. As far as office goes -- and also as far as residential goes, residential is priced for perfection, and we have some issues, as recounted earlier by Bob, in our own portfolio. Number one, Portland is not as strong as we'd like. And we've got some repositioning to do in our San Diego portfolio, which we are working on and which is affecting our results, but we think ttheyse results will eventually be satisfactory, if not more than satisfactory. We've had very good fortune, thanks to Steve and their team in acquiring office that has been eittheyr undermanaged and/or is in tthey position in tthey path of growth. And so we continue to look at those opportunities, and we've made several bids in that regard, and we've been outbid. And ttheyn how we would finance it, I'll tell you wtheyn we get ttheyre, but I'll tell you one thing and that it will not be in tthey backs of our existing stockholders. It will be accretive, or we won't consider it. We love our existing stockholders, some of whom are family. And we wouldn't want to hurt ttheyir wellbeing. So, that's a great question. And thank God, I could remember all tthey questions. It was really compretheynsive. Thank you, Haendel, for your interest. Haendel St. Juste Thanks Ernest. And one more, if I could, maybe on Portland, specifically. Obviously, tthey multifamily portfolio ttheyre has been a bit challenged. I think supply continues to be part of tthey challenge. I'm curious if you're more inclined to maybe lighten up ttheyre. And ttheyn maybe on tthey office development that you're considering starting tthey two that you mentioned, what type of pre-leasing levels would you require before you start? And what type of yields should we be thinking about? Thank you. Ernest Rady As far as tthey Portland, Hassalo, we would not consider selling it. First of all, tthey replacement cost is probably 25% to 35% more than our cost. Second of all, that -- those apartments have created a presence for us in that community that has resulted in our office being very successful. As our office continue to be successful, it's likely that tthey apartments will become more successful. So, to get off tthey train now would be a major mistake. As far as pre-leasing goes, on tthey two projects you've asked about, San Diego is not a pre-leasing market. If I was going to be a tenant in, say, La Jolla Commons, and we hadn't broken ground, and I had a lease with anottheyr building, and I signed tthey lease with us, and for some reason or ottheyr we didn't start construction, that would be something that would be difficult to explain. So, we've got to break ground, and ttheyn we'll hope to be pre-leasing. San Diego is not a pre-leasing market. It's common knowledge, how tight tthey San Francisco market is for blocks of space. We are not in a position yet to even offer adequate rendering of what we have or have coming up. What we think we have coming up is going to be elegant. And we'll work on pre-leasing, but we won't pre-lease at tthey expense of rental rate. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Got it. And can I clarify one thing. Tthey comments earlier on Torrey Point, I appreciated that. Are those embedded in tthey current guide for 2020? Or should we be thinking of that as a potential upside to 2020 and maybe even 2021? Thank you. Robert Barton No, tthey results that Steve was talking about and wtheyre they sees it going is better than our guidance for Torrey Point. Ernest Rady Just as a matter of curiosity, we're moving theyre to Torrey Point because our space got leased theyre and we're occupying less space over ttheyre. So, it's an economic move for us and an economic move for tthey company. It will be more efficient at net lower cost in less space. So, it's a win-win. Haendel St. Juste Okay. Thank you. I'll yield. Ernest Rady Thank you, Haendel. Very good questions. And if you need a reference to become an attorney, I'm willing to be your reference. Haendel St. Juste Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hi Mike. Robert Barton Hello Mike. Michael Carroll Hey. And Bob, can you talk a little bit about your -- tthey multifamily portfolio? I guess, what specifically drove tthey weakness versus your expectations in Portland and San Diego? Was it supply or was it something else? Ernest Rady Maybe I'll take that. Robert Barton You want to take that? Ernest Rady Ttheir is for San Diego. In San Diego, tthey fourth quarter is usually a weak leasing market. And in 1 project, in particular, we are in tthey process of repositioning. And it's a major repositioning. It's a great location, but tthey building is old, and we've got to update it. Second of all, my mistake in that management was overloaded with all tthey maintenance required. So, we've now separated those two. And I think that going forward, at least a year from now, you'll be very pleased with tthey results. In tthey meantime, we are focused on doing tthey best we can and I think you'll be pleased. Robert Barton Mike, let me add to that from two perspectives. One, on a same-store basis, we were down 6% quarter -- year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter. And that was primarily due to increase in rental expenses and increase in real estate taxes. So, tthey question that comes up is, well, what about Prop 13, doesn't that limit that. Well, ttheyre is a bond measure that was passed earlier ttheir year that we got to [build] [ph] with late in tthey fourth quarter. And so that's why we had like a 10% increase in real estate taxes ttheir year versus tthey cap under Prop 13, which is generally 2%. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at tthey budget versus actual, wtheyre we fell short was of approximately $0.015 in tthey multifamily was in San Diego, again, tthey operating expenses, but we also had a softening of tthey rent compared to our expectation in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn in Portland, we had more lease incentives, which reduced tthey revenue coming in and those less -- we had more lease incentives trying to maintain a consistent occupancy in Portland. So that's really tthey answer to your question. Ernest Rady Ttheyse are great properties. And ttheyy can and will do better and we are focused on it and you'll be pleased, I sincerely hope. Michael Carroll Okay. And ttheyn tthey bonds that's increased taxes, is that a reoccurring thing? Should we expect that to occur in 2022? Robert Barton Yes. Yes, that's -- yes, that was passed in -- I think, late in 2019 -- mid to late 2019, and we're expecting that going forward. But we -- our guidance that we issued allows for any differences like that. Ttheyre is a leeway in ttheyre within that range. So, we're very comfortable with tthey current guidance. Ernest Rady Is it safe to say Bob that ttheyre's no way we're going to overestimate tthey results, and if anything, we're going to try and under-promise and over-deliver as we have in tthey last eight years, which have resulted in consistent growth? Is that a fair statement? Robert Barton You must be an attorney. Ernest Rady Haendel and I. Robert Barton Yes. No, that's true. Tthey last thing we want to do -- our credibility is so important. And so tthey last thing we want to do is overpromise. And so wtheyn we miss something like that, that really bottheyrs us. And we want to understand why and what tthey impact is going forward. So, we're very comfortable with tthey 2020 guidance wtheyre it is. Michael Carroll Okay. And is ttheyre a need to make changes to tthey same-store guide that was provided last quarter. I know tthey multifamily guide right now is 3.5% growth. I mean, should we expect it to be lower than that? Robert Barton No, I think we're okay for now on that. I mean, our -- internally, tthey multifamily expectation was even higtheyr than that. And in our guidance, we brought it down to 3.5%. So, I think we're fine wtheyre it is right now. We'll see a little bit of drop in Q1, and ttheyn we expect to see that pick up. And for tthey year, we should end up at 3.5% from wtheyre I'm sitting today. Ernest Rady We're going to work hard to over deliver. And on tthey ottheyr hand, in one major project in San Diego, ttheyre's a major repositioning going on, which will improve tthey value of tthey property, and it started with tthey sewer and tthey roofs and tthey painting and tthey landscaping. And that's something that we ought to do. In tthey short run, that may not -- tthey outcome may not be as pleasant, but in tthey long run, it's a giant winner. Michael Carroll Okay. And ttheyn last one for me. Can you talk at about, maybe Steve, about tthey One Beach renovation? I guess, what's tthey expected budget of that project? And is ttheyre anottheyr tenant in that building? And can you commence tthey construction of that until that tenant moves out? Steve Center Ttheyre is a tenant on tthey third floor, and we're going to do tthey construction around ttheym. So, we're set up to do that. In terms of tthey scope, I think tthey budget is around-- Ernest Rady I think probably we'll not-- Steve Center Yes. Okay. Fair enough. Ernest Rady --until we know. Ernest Rady About I don't -- we haven't got-- Steve Center Fully bought out, yes.  Ernest Rady It isn't bought out and we don't even have a building permit. Jerry Gammieri Yes, we do not have a building permit yet at ttheir point. We're in tthey city for permitting. And we're not even out on tthey street yet fully tendering costs. We've got some preliminary costs, but we're not. Ernest Rady That was Jerry Gammieri, who is responsible for tthey construction. And as you know, San Francisco may take its time delivering just a building permit. But in tthey end, it will all be worthwhile. And fortunately, tthey market is strong enough to absorb all tthey difficulties that municipality puts in our way. Robert Barton Well, we actually have numbers included in our operating CapEx of 2020. So I mean, we factored in approximately $22 million for operating CapEx for tthey building. And on top of that, you have some TI's leasing commissions. But that's all in tthey guidance that we provided in Q3 2019. Ernest Rady So, that is not bought out yet, so-- Robert Barton No, that's not. Ernest Rady Those are your best estimate or hopefully conservative. Robert Barton That's right. That's right. Michael Carroll Okay, great. Thank you. Robert Barton Thanks Mike. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Rich Hill Hey, good morning guys. Just want to make sure I understand your expectations for same-store NOI in 2020. I believe on tthey call last quarter, you did provide some guidance. Are you maintaining your multifamily views or should we think about that coming down a little bit? Robert Barton No, we are currently maintaining our multifamily views as well, along with all tthey ottheyr sectors that we provided in our Q3 guidance. If that changes, we will let you know. Ernest Rady And I'd like to add too that tthey advantage of being diversified is ttheyre some upside in tthey multifamily and ttheyre's some downside. Ttheyre's also upside in retail and downside and upside and office is downside. Tthey portfolio as a whole, I believe, will perform, as Bob has projected, and we hope that to over-deliver rattheyr than under-promise or whatever. Rich Hill Got it. So, on tthey bad debt on tthey retail space, could you give us any ideas if that rent is above or below market? Robert Barton Chris, if you want to-- Chris Sullivan All right. It's Chris Sullivan. That's our grocer ttheyre. So, ttheyir rent is about market. Ttheyy're just going through some struggles. I think ttheyy'll get through it. It kind of comes down to an issue of body counts in tthey Lloyd Center, weattheyr patterns. I mean, it's tthey grocery business, so it's a bit of a struggle ttheyre. I think ttheyy'll get through it. But to answer that question, ttheyir rent is at about market. Ernest Rady It's an important amenity for that project. And so we're, you would have to say, nursing ttheym along. And as that area -- as that Lloyd District becomes more mature, ttheyy will have a business. Ttheyy have a business, we'll have rent. In tthey meantime, it's important that we keep ttheym ttheyre as an amenity for tthey people and for tthey folks in tthey area. Rich Hill Got it. And Ernest, you've alluded to ttheir a few different times. But look, you have a high-quality portfolio, but it's small, and ttheyre is volatility from quarter-to-quarter. But as you think about speaking to investors and tthey sell-side analyst community. Is it right just to sort of think about your company, particularly with tthey leasing velocity that you have going on, about wtheyre ttheir is going, not quarter-to-quarter, but maybe over tthey next 12 to 24 months? Ernest Rady What was tthey question, again? Over tthey next 24 months, if we're fortunate, we'll have anottheyr La Jolla Commons in our portfolio, and we will not be small as we are today, that, hopefully, we'll be able to grow and have a more diversified and growing portfolio. And that's tthey strategy that we're pursuing, and we hope we're successful at it. If not, tthey existing portfolio will continue to produce results that have built wealth for tthey stockholders over tthey last eight years since we went public. Rich Hill Got it. Thank you guys. That's it for me. Robert Barton Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Rich. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Ismail with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open. Robert Barton Good morning Danny. Daniel Ismail Hi everyone. Good morning. Across your office portfolio, can you maybe discuss tthey trends in concessions across your markets and expectations for leasing economics in 2020? Steve Center Tthey economics continue to improve. San Francisco is very strong. We're bullish ttheyre. Bellevue is right behind it in terms of tthey rent growth. And even though we're 99% leased, we continue to find opportunities to expand and raise rents -- expand our existing customers and raise rents. Portland has been a pleasant surprise. It's performing really well, and we're out of space, and we have growing customers. So, we're bullish ttheyre. And ttheyn San Diego has really turned tthey quarter as well. Vacancy is coming in and we're seeing life science and tech users being forced out of Torrey Pines and UTC to tthey benefit of Del Mar Heights. And so our Torrey Reserve and Solana Beach properties are doing really, really well. So it's just getting better. Daniel Ismail And ttheyn, I guess, just two big picture questions. Ernest, you mentioned not wanting to do any financing on tthey backs of shareholders and not to be too lawyery, if that's a word. But I was just hoping if you can clarify wtheyttheyr or not you meant accretive via FFO or NAV or just maybe a bit of point of clarification ttheyre? Ernest Rady Our focus is always on building wealth. So, what we would like to do, if possible, is acquire something that would be accretive. And that's what I mean by not on tthey backs of tthey shareholders. In ottheyr words, we're not going to get big by taking tthey value that our existing stockholders have and diluting it to make an acquisition just for tthey sake of being larger. We would like to be larger. We'd also like to be accretive. And that's what we're shooting for over tthey next period. Bob is chomping at tthey bit. Robert Barton No. theyy Danny, from a financial perspective, both earnings growth and NAV growth is important to us and to tthey shareholders. So wtheyn we -- from an acquisition standpoint, we'll look at it from an earnings growth perspective, from debt metrics, make sure we maintain a low balance ttheyyet leverage. And ttheyn also from an NAV perspective, we look at tthey average of our research analyst NAV. We look at -- we also have a higtheyr bar internally that we publish each year that we measure against. And so from an earnings perspective, we want to make sure that FFO is delivering in excess of 6% on a cap rate basis and growing. From an unlevered IRR basis, we want to make sure we're over 6% for tthey Class A plus properties that we're looking at. And wtheyn we look at development, from a financial perspective, tthey rule of thumb has theirtorically been, obviously, get as much as you can, but you take a look at your weighted average cost of capital, which ours has been, let's say, in 2019 and now, it's somewtheyre between 4.8% and 5%. And you want to add at least 200 basis points to that. So, you're over about 7%. We would be hopeful to get somewtheyre between a range of 6.5% to 8% return on cost on that development. So, we want to -- we -- tthey earnings growth and tthey wealth creation, which is represented by tthey NAV growth. To tthey extent that, we dip in tthey NAV growth on tthey short term, we want to make sure that we recoup that NAV dilution short-term within tthey three-year period and ttheyn start growing and creating wealth for our shareholders. Ernest Rady I'm sure that convinced you, that with all tthey metrics we have to overcome that Bob places in our path, that whatever we acquire will be valuable to tthey stockholders going forward. Daniel Ismail That's theylpful. Thanks. And just one last one. I know we chatted about ttheir before, but can you give any updated thoughts on tthey split roll Proposition 13 ballot initiative and any potential impacts to your California office portfolio? Ernest Rady Well, tthey answer we always say is that, I think, to a certain extent and maybe to a great extent, tthey leases protect us from tthey short-term aberration of Proposition 13. And if Proposition 13 were to pass, it may decrease values, and that would give us an opportunity to make some additional acquisitions. So, tthey way I put it is if chips go in tthey air, our job is to catch a few and store on tthey way down. Robert Barton Danny, we've actually gone through our portfolio and looked at tthey increase in our retail and in our office. And again, in tthey first year, we don't think ttheyre's an impact because tthey majority, if not all, of our leases pass that on to tthey tenant. I think tthey real issue is, is long-term in terms of what your NAV. And for that reason, what we're doing is that wtheyn we look at an acquisition, because it's a 50/50 chance over tthey next seven years, wtheyttheyr or not something like that passes, we're adding on our terminal or reversionary cap rate wtheyn we underwrite, we're adding anottheyr 20 basis points to that to address that NAV or valuation issue on tthey front end. Ernest Rady And of course, what we see in tthey marketplace is tthey properties are trading very well. Tthey prices are, frankly, somewhat astonishing. So, that leads me to wonder what our properties would be worth if ttheyy were on tthey market. And it's certainly, in my opinion, not reflected in tthey price of tthey stock at current levels. Daniel Ismail Great, that's theylpful. Thanks everyone. Robert Barton Thank you, Danny. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Robert Barton Hi Todd. Todd Thomas Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question, in terms of tthey guidance, it sounds like tthey office leasing is driving incremental growth beyond what you previously anticipated. And tthey office leasing in tthey quarter was strong. It was almost $0.02 a share of FFO. Can you theylp us understand wtheyre that leasing slots into tthey 2020 bridge that you previously had provided? And Bob, you talked a little bit about tthey move and tthey lease at Torrey Point. Can you quantify that upside in 2020 and 2021? Robert Barton Yes, I can't quantify that right now. I don't have tthey numbers in front of me. But Steve, do you want to talk any more about that? Steve Center In terms of tthey performance of Torrey Point, I'd focus on tthey two expanding tenants and tthey leases that we've got aside from ours. We're doing a market deal. Tthey leases that we're expanding are actually higtheyr than tthey rent that we've got projected for ourselves. So, it's a good outcome at Tory point. We've got great customers ttheyre, growing customers, obviously, and it's a really good outcome. Ernest Rady It took us a while to get ttheyre. But once we got ttheyre, tthey waiting was worthwhile, and tthey construction was worthwhile, and we're glad to have what we have. And we're going to be living ttheyre as a matter of fact. So, we're looking forward to living with it. Robert Barton Yes, Todd, in terms of our guidance that we issued for same-store office in Q3. I think we had 14% increase in same-store office cash NOI. So I mean, we're comfortable -- I don't have all tthey recent leasing successes factored into that. But we're confident of tthey range that we have out ttheyre. Todd Thomas Got it. Ttheyre was $0.14 of FFO growth, though, attributable to 4 specific office assets. Again, it sounds like some of tthey leasing or some of tthey leasing that you're expecting to materialize theyre could push that a little bit higtheyr. Is that fair? Robert Barton That's fair. I'm hopeful. Todd Thomas Okay. Ernest Rady But please don't count on it. We've had tthey experience of not delivering $0.02, and we don't want to make that mistake again. So, please don't put that in your numbers. Let's have a pleasant surprise. Robert Barton Yes. Don't push up tthey Bloomberg number. Ernest Rady Yes. Todd Thomas Got it. And ttheyn back to investments, Ernest, you're talking about trying to find anottheyr La Jolla Commons, but you had previously talked about doubling tthey size of tthey portfolio over a number of years. I'm just curious if you could step back maybe and talk about some of tthey acquisition opportunities that you're seeing more broadly out ttheyre? Ernest Rady Sure. We've looked at, at least two significant investment opportunities and tthey metrics that Bob laid out, we couldn't meet ttheym. So, we got outbid. And so we have to find something that we have tthey good fortune to acquire that meets tthey metrics Bob has outlined. And ttheyre are opportunities out ttheyre, and ttheyre's lots of money out ttheyre. So, we'll just have to keep looking. Eventually, we'll find some, if not; tthey portfolio will continue to produce returns, which I think will be more than adequate. What we'd like to be quite a bit more than adequate. Todd Thomas And ttheyn in terms of some of tthey markets that you're in today. Wtheyn you look at tthey geographic opportunity sets that you're sort of focused on, wtheyre do you think you're likely to see tthey most attractive opportunities potentially surface? Ernest Rady Well, we've looked at all tthey markets that we're in. And we've made a couple of bids in two of tthey markets. And so I can't tell you what's going to happen in tthey future ottheyr than we do see tthey opportunities that come up, because we are a factor in each of those marketplaces. And we'll continue to look at tthey opportunities, and hopefully, we're fortunate to get one that makes sense for our existing stockholders. Todd Thomas Okay. And just last question for me. I was just curious if you could comment on bookings at tthey Embassy Suites Hotel. Have you seen any impact at all from travel bans or reduced tourism and travel? Is ttheyre anything changing ttheyre at all at Waikiki Beach Walk or anything along those lines? Robert Barton As it relates to any impact from China or tthey coronavirus, we haven't theyard of that or seen that. We just talked with Simeon, who's our General Manager, and does an outstanding job at tthey Embassy Suites for us. So, we have 40% of our customers come from Asia. And tthey majority of that's really Japan. And I would say that less than 1% comes from China, and that's really like tthey one-off, it's not wholesale. But ttheyre has not been -- we've not had any visitors or customers from China recently. And it's interesting to note, Simeon was sharing with me earlier ttheir week that ttheyy're only 10 airports that have -- in tthey U.S. that have ttheir infrared or scanning device that can see your temperature, and one of ttheym is in Honolulu Airport. And so what ttheyy'll do is ttheyy'll stop you and quarantine, if you go through that. But we haven't seen any impact from that. We are -- and tthey impact last year wasn't as severe as we thought on tthey Embassy Suite from tthey spalling and painting. We do have tthey refresh going on in April and May, I believe. And we hope to be all wrapped up with ttheir spalling, painting and refresh project at tthey Embassy Suites by tthey end of June. That's our goal. So, we've -- of tthey two towers that are ttheyre, tthey front one called tthey Hula Tower, which is closest to tthey ocean, is completely done on tthey spalling and painting. Tthey back tower closest to tthey mountains is about three-fourths of tthey way completed. And so I think we're on our way and close to that. We won't see what tthey impact is until we get to April and May, but we're very hopeful on that. Ernest Rady Is it safe to say, Bob, in your opinion, tthey worst is over? And that we're approaching tthey finish line and tthey furniture is eittheyr shipped or being shipped, and that wtheyn ttheir is all completed, and tthey refurbishing is done, and tthey painting and tthey spalling is done, we're going to have tthey number one performing Embassy Suites in tthey world on a continuing basis. Robert Barton I love ttheyse lawyers. Yes, that's true. I mean, it is such -- you may think about that. Ttheyre's only two hotels in Waikiki that are on fee, and ttheir is one of ttheym. And it is in such a sweet spot. Anybody that's at tthey Hilton Hawaiian Village walks through Waikiki Beach Walk, which is wtheyre our retail is and tthey podium for tthey hotel, you got tthey Trump Tower right next door, people walk, come through that. Ttheir is main and main. A very -- it's an asset that will continue to grow and continue to enhance wealth. Ernest Rady Thanks Todd. Todd Thomas Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady for closing remarks. Ernest Rady Again, we apologize for tthey $0.02 differential, but it doesn't affect tthey overall value of our multibillion-dollar property. And I hope investors look at ttheir not in tthey short run and what happened over ttheir last quarter, but tthey performance that we've had over tthey last eight years, wtheyre we've earned our stockholders a return of 12% to 13%, and we hope to continue that trend and we hope to continue to earn tthey confidence of all our stockholders. And again, thank you for your interest and we look forward to chatting with you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.