American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - SVP, General Counsel and Secretary  Ernest Rady - CEO and President  Robert Barton - CFO and EVP  Christoptheyr Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Russell Rodriguez - VP, Multifamily, San Diego Analysts Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Brian Hawthorne - RBC Capital Markets Operator Welcome to tthey American Assets Trust Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. You may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2017 second quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and costs of construction.  Our earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA; and net operating income or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey second quarter of 2017 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on tthey company's website at www.americanassetstrust.com. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to  begin discussion of our second quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Our focus in 2017, as it has been for decades now, continues to be on tthey growth of net asset value for our shareholders which we believe will ultimately result in increasing cash flow and dividends paid out to our shareholders. 2017 continues to be a year of repositioning, investment and growth and we still expect to deliver relatively strong FFO growth for 2016. On top of that, you may have noticed that Bob and their team -- over 2016.  On top of that, you may have noticed that Bob and their team publittheyyd our updated annual estimate of net asset value in early June of $50.75 a share, with no input from me or my dad. Ttheir is approximately an 8-week progress that Bob and their team go through working with outside brokers and each market trying to get an accurate valuation in tthey current marketplace. And ttheir evaluation is based not only on capitalization rates, on annualized in place NOI, but also factors in tthey net present value of estimated future lease roll downs and tthey cost of repositioning and tthey timing of those cash flows. Tthey valuation also takes into consideration valuation feelings in each market based on dollars per square foot or dollars per hotel room key or dollars per apartment unit. Our current net asset value that we recently publittheyyd also factored in a significant reduction in value related to tthey valuation of Waikele Center resulting from tthey renewal, repositioning and re-leasing at several tenants at Waikele. In spite of all tthey repositioning and investment, our NAV increased again ttheir year to $50.75 per share. Our objective is to be as accurate as possible and if we're going to err, we hope to err on tthey side of conservatism. Our repositioning includes Torrey Reserve building in San Diego. It's tthey renovation and actually, we have asked tthey jackhammers to really call it off for an hour so we can have ttheir conference call, with a goal envisioned to make it more relevant to tthey current leasing marketplace by opening it up and making it more light, bright and energetic and more spaces for 2 tenants to collaborate amongst ttheyir employees. We expect ttheir project to be finittheyyd later in tthey fourth quarter. At tthey Waikele shopping center on tthey island of Oahu in Hawaii, we're still working on various scenarios that will create tthey best long term sustainable outcome for tthey Kmart space. While Waikele is located on 43 acres, fee simple, with a half mile of frontage on tthey primary H1 freeway and we want to make sure we maximize tthey property and its return for tthey stockholders over tthey long run. We're being purposely deliberate in our process as tthey location is irreplaceable and we want tthey right long term tenants for ttheir property which we believe will ultimately result in its outcome that we'll all be proud of and will create long term value for us stockholders. We do have a letter of intent with a national grocer and we're working to finalize tthey layout of tthey space before proceeding to lease documents. Tthey acquisition of tthey Pacific Ridge Apartments closed on April 28. Pacific Ridge is a 533-unit luxury apartment located in San Diego, California, that was completed in 2013 and is currently approximately 92% leased. Tthey property is purchased off of Oahu, offering unobstructed panoramic views of tthey Pacific Ocean, with an unparalleled amenity package and designed with a large focus on enviromental sustainability. Tthey property's central location in San Diego provides residents with convenient access to tthey light rail systems, extending residents' reach to downtown, tthey San Diego International Airport, tthey San Diego Zoo, sports venues, numerous malls and retail centers, 3 universities and culinary destinations along tthey freeway. Tthey acquisition of Gateway Marketplace closed on July 9. Gateway Marketplace is an approximately 128,000 square feet dual grocery-anchored shopping center in tthey city of Chula Vista. It is approximately 99% leased. Ttheir was a strategic acquisition which was adjacent to our approximately 133,000 square foot Southbay Marketplace shopping center. Ttheir now creates a much larger shopping destination and provides economies of scale and eliminates tthey neighboring competition. We're pleased with ttheir acquisition. Torrey Point, our new office development in San Diego, is finishing up tthey punch ttheir month. I'm pleased to report that we've signed our first tenant for 2 floors of tthey project, representing approximately 35% of tthey building. Tthey initial lease is for a 10-year term and is within our stabilized deal parameters. Loma Palisades is on track to finish tthey major remodel of its 21 apartment units in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. We took each of ttheyse units down to tthey rooftops and rebuilt ttheym with modern amenities and current styles. We're looking forward to tthey increased rental income that we expect each of ttheyse units to produce. Each of ttheyse units have a view overlooking Mission Bay of San Diego. We're also starting furttheyr investment to upgrade additional units in ttheir project, of course, depending on tthey financial status of ttheir first phase. As a matter of interest, we continue to make substantial investment in each of our properties to create long term NAV for our stockholders. Lastly, we believe tthey overall quality of ttheir portfolio will continue to outperform regardless of wtheyre we're in tthey real estate cycle. With interest rates expected to increase, we're hopeful to find some dislocation in tthey marketplace and capitalize on those opportunities that present ttheymselves. On behalf of all of us at America Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage our company and we look forward to your continued support. Now I'll turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob, please. Robert Barton Good morning and thank you, Ernest. Last night, we reported second quarter 2017 FFO of $49.5 per share, just a hair shy of Bloomberg's consensus estimate of $49.6 per share. Net income attributable to common stockholders was $0.12 per share for tthey second quarter. Tthey company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.26 per share for tthey quarterly period ending September 30, 2017. Tthey dividend will be paid on September 28, 2017, to stockholders of record on September 14, 2017. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 96.8% leased. On a year-over-year basis, our retail occupancy was down approximately 140 basis points from tthey second quarter of 2016, leaving approximately 98,000 square feet vacant in our $3 million plus square foot retail portfolio. Tthey decrease in retail vacancy is primarily attributed to tthey Sports Authority bankruptcy in 2016 at our Waikele shopping center which consisted of approximately 50,000 square feet. Additionally, during tthey second quarter, we renewed Lowe's at Waikele Center which was sctheyduled to expire in June of 2018 and occupies 150,000 square feet for an additional 10 years. Tthey renewal reflects a roll-down in rents and is tthey primary reason for tthey negative cash re-leasing spreads in our retail portfolio during tthey second quarter. During tthey trailing 4 quarters, 83 retail leases were signed, representing approximately 389,000 square feet or 13% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 72 leases consisting of approximately 367,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent decreased 3.7% over tthey prior leases. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 88.7% leased, down approximately 170 basis points on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to one tenant's lease expirations on December 31, 2016, at Torrey Plaza in San Diego, wtheyre approximately 70,000 square feet has been vacated as expected. During tthey trailing 4 quarters, 60 new office leases were signed, representing approximately 390,000 square feet or 15% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 46 leases, consisting of approximately 323,000 square feet, were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 17% over tthey prior leases, 32.5% just in tthey second quarter. Let's talk about lease expirations for a minute. Office and retail combined for tthey remainder of 2017, we have approximately 200,000 square feet of lease expirations. Approximately 103,000 square feet or 51%, relates to our City Center Bellevue office building in Bellevue, Washington. We have 2 floors expiring on October 31 and 3 floors expiring December 31. We're currently in tthey market actively pursuing 14 full floor prospects in tthey market. What I found interesting was that tthey Seattle City Council recently passed an income tax on Seattle residents in tthey upper income brackets. According to tthey Broderick Group, a commercial real estate service firm in Seattle, a generally negative Seattle stance towards business and those who create jobs may push CEOs considering Puget Sound to consider Bellevue on tthey East side as ttheyy compare tthey 2 markets for business expansion. It may not be a coincidence that Amazon has leased space in downtown Bellevue. And Vulcan, Amazon's largest landlord in Seattle, is on a very significant buying spree of downtown Bellevue. Bellevue is known for its pro-business tax environment and most importantly, one of tthey most stable, well-educated workforces in tthey country and will continue to provide a right environment for corporate growth in Bellevue for tthey foreseeable future. Our 2018 lease expirations combined for retail and office are approximately 780,000 square feet, assuming no one exercises ttheyir option to renew. However, once you factor in Lexington's Sears ground lease at Carmel Mountain Plaza in San Diego and tthey Kmart at Waikele regional shopping center, Hawaii, we're down to approximately 550,000 square feet which is approximately 250,000 square feet of retail and 250,000 square feet of office which is typical. And lastly, theirtorically, we've experienced 90% retention of our retail tenants and 82% retention of our office tenants. If you assume that our existing tenants will exercise ttheyir options to renew, tthey 780,000 square feet of 2018 lease expirations is reduced to 152,000 square feet. Eittheyr way, we believe that we're in good shape as we look into 2018. Our multifamily portfolio went through significant changes during tthey second quarter with tthey acquisition of tthey Pacific Ridge Apartments on April 28, 2017. Our multifamily portfolio increased by 533 units or 34%, to a total of 2,112 units. Our entire multifamily portfolio ended tthey quarter at 92.6% leased. Taking a look by location on a comparative basis, our San Diego multifamily portfolio, excluding tthey newly acquired Pacific Ridge and seasonal Santa Fe RV resort properties ended tthey quarter at 95.7% leased. On a year-over-year basis, ttheir was a decrease of 138 basis points primarily due to tthey 21 units at Loma Palisades that are currently offline for a renovation project. As Ernest mentioned, we expect to have ttheyse units back online sometime in tthey fourth quarter. In tthey Lloyd District in Portland, our Hassalo multifamily portfolio ended tthey quarter at 90.3% leased. On a year-over-year basis, ttheir was an increase of 445 basis points. Portland continues to have one of tthey lowest unemployment rates in tthey country and has been one of tthey hottest residential markets in tthey nation. However, with growing new inventory in tthey market, apartment owners have begun providing theyavy concessions to attract to fill ttheyir new development as rent growth is slowing. Fortunately, our concessions have remained considerably less than tthey market. We offer less than one month free rent and our peers are offering 2-plus months of free rent. Neverttheyless, we still believe we have tthey right product in a highly desired transit-oriented location, with a neighborhood that continues to evolve before our eyes. We continue to be positive on ttheir development and believe that it will create long term net asset value for our shareholders. And lastly, we believe tthey multifamily portfolio continues to be an excellent theydge against inflation in an environment of increasing interest rates. Let's now talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey first quarter to 1% primarily due to DICK'S Sporting Goods leased at Carmel Mountain Plaza in San Diego which began paying rent in tthey second quarter. As I mentioned before, tthey Sports Authority space that vacated due to tthey bankruptcy last year is driving tthey flat retail same-store cash NOI in 2017. Once it is re-leased with a new tenant paying rent, we believe that same-store retail cash NOI growth will be back to 3%. Same-store office cash NOI was up 4.5% in tthey second quarter primarily due to new tenants at our Lloyd 700 and our first and main properties located in Portland, Oregon, as well as lease renewals at our Landmark office building in San Francisco. We've also added tthey Torrey Reserve Campus office portfolio in San Diego back into tthey same-store pool in Q2 '17 now that it has been a full period since redevelopment has been completed. Same-store multifamily cash NOI was up 5.2% for tthey second quarter. Higtheyr year-over-year rents in our San Diego multifamily portfolio is tthey main driver of tthey same-store growth for tthey multifamily portfolio. Ttheir growth has been accomplittheyyd even with 21 units from our Loma Palisades property taken offline for renovation. Hassalo on Eighth multifamily will be added to tthey same-store pool in Q4 2017 and Pacific Ridge Apartments, our newly acquired San Diego multifamily property, will be added to tthey same-store pool in Q3, 2018. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property, consisting of tthey Embassy Suites hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk retail, reported a combined increase in same-store cash NOI of approximately 0.5% for tthey second quarter. Tthey Embassy Suites hotel same-store cash NOI increased approximately 5.5% as a result of both higtheyr revenues and lower operating expenses. Waikiki Beach Walk retail same-store cash NOI decreased 4.2%, primarily due to an increase in rental expenses compared to tthey same quarter last year. Tenant sales at WBW retail were at approximately $1,082 per square foot for trailing 12 months as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and a good economy. Turning to our second quarter results. FFO increased $3.5 million or $0.05, to $49.5 per FFO share compared to tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter results include tthey following activity, one, tthey acquisition of Pacific Ridge Apartments on April 28 increased FFO by approximately $0.03 for 2 months of activity in tthey second quarter; secondly, noncash charges incurred in tthey first quarter associated with tthey payoff of tthey Waikiki Beach CMBS mortgage resulted in an increase in Q2 FFO of approximately $0.01 on a comparative basis; thirdly, our Embassy Suites hotel in Waikiki increased FFO by $0.01 in Q2 primarily due to tthey bad debt expense incurred in Q1 with respect to tthey Japanese travel wholesaler that declared bankruptcy. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet, liquidity at tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $281 million of liquidity comprised of $31 million of cash and cash equivalents and $250 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage at tthey end of tthey quarter remains low at 32.7% on a total debt to total capitalization basis and a net debt to EBITDA of 6.7x. Our leverage increased slightly in tthey second quarter with tthey Pacific Ridge Apartment acquisition and additional unsecured debt. However, our goal and focus is to keep our total leverage at 30% or less and get our net debt to EBITDA down to 5.5x or less on a sustainable basis. Our corporate operating model reflects accomplishing ttheir through organic growth in our EBITDA and tthey payoff of our CMBS maturities as ttheyy come due. Our interest coverage and fixed-charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.6x. Lastly, we're reaffirming our 2017 FFO guidance range of $2 to $2.06 per FFO diluted share, with a midpoint of $2.03 of FFO per diluted share. For those of you that are updating your models in AAT, let me outline how we're thinking about tthey recent transactions that we have done. Pacific Ridge Apartments that we acquired on April 28 and Gateway Marketplace which we acquired on July 9, are expected to generate approximately $12.6 million combined in NOI which is approximately $19.7 in FFO combined on an annual basis. Tthey best way to illustrate tthey net impact of additional debt and refinancings that have occurred in 2017 is to compare Q4 '16 interest expense of $12.8 million with our estimated Q4 '17 interest expense of $13.9 million. Tthey quarters in between are not comparative because ttheyy have partial months of new debt and repayments. Tthey difference on a quarterly basis is approximately $1.1 million of incremental interest expense or $4.4 million on a stabilized annual basis or approximately $6.8 per FFO share of additional interest expense annually. Tthey FFO accretion, net of tthey interest expense, is expected to be approximately $12.8 annually and approximately $3.2 quarterly. Said anottheyr way, we issued $450 million in lower-rate unsecured debt to pay off $165 million in maturing CMBS debt at an additional interest cost of $4.4 million per year and giving us tthey ability to use $285 million in accretive acquisitions. It gets complicated from tthey timing of tthey cash flow, so it may be hard to follow. But wtheyn comparing our estimate of Q3 FFO of approximately $52.6 per FFO share, it appears that we're approximately $1.4 of FFO per share below current consensus for Q3. We believe it has to do with tthey timing of tthey cash flows and consensus estimates made as to recent acquisitions and/or tthey new unsecured private placements. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. We're well prepared, with an even stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years, to capitalize and execute on ottheyr opportunities that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question is from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Jeffrey Donnelly Bob, thanks for walking us through that quarterly ramp. In your 2017 earnings guidance, [indiscernible] was tthey focus last quarter. I guess, one question is, are ttheyre ottheyr factors that are still out ttheyre that need to fall into place in order for you to achieve tthey back end of tthey year performance that you guys are expecting? Or is it largely due to those 2 acquisitions in tthey capital markets work that gets you ttheyre? Robert Barton It's largely through tthey two acquisitions. And ttheyn in tthey fourth quarter, we have some straight-line rent. So tthey question is wtheyn that straight-line rent will kick in. But right now, we're still within tthey range. Jeffrey Donnelly And just clarifying, I don't remember off tthey cuff. Were tthey acquisitions -- tthey assumption for acquisitions originally in your guidance wtheyn you gave it? I'm just curious on that. Robert Barton No. In our initial 2017 guidance, we had not included those 2 acquisitions. Jeffrey Donnelly Thanks. And ttheyn just to switch gears on Torrey Reserve. Are you able to share maybe more detail around tthey leasing terms, such as wtheyttheyr it's free rent or gross or net rents or TIs associated with tthey lease? Ernest Rady Jeff, we'd like not to -- ttheir is Ernest. Because it may affect tthey remaining leasing -- tthey lease of tthey remaining space may be impacted by that information if became available. So wtheyn we're all leased up, we'll be happy to share it with you. Until ttheyn, we really like to keep it to ourselves. Robert Barton Jeff, Bob theyre. So wtheyn you asked tthey question, you were referring to Torrey Point, not Torrey Reserve Plaza, correct? Jeffrey Donnelly Oh, I'm sorry, correct. Yes, yes. Robert Barton Yes. And just to clarify, also, too, is that we're pleased with tthey terms of that lease and we're within -- we're well within our range of stabilized yield that we presented. Jeffrey Donnelly Are you able to talk about tthey particular tenant use? I'm just curious if it's kind of inconsistent with your expectations and anything else that kind of came from that negotiation that might have given you some color on tthey condition of tthey office leasing market. Ernest Rady Our tenant is a company that's going to engage in tthey development of virtual reality. And I think I just grant that Apple now is talking about doing that, too. So it appears to be tthey tech choice for tthey future. Ttheyy've raised substantial amount of money and we think that ttheyy'll be successful and will prove to be a worthwhile and perhaps even growing tenant. Jeffrey Donnelly And just one last question. You might have mentioned ttheir in your remarks, Bob, but on tthey retail rents, excluding tthey Lowe's space, I think your retail cash rent spread was slightly negative in tthey quarter. Was that somewhat broad? Or was that still concentrated in tthey hands of a few of tthey remaining leases? I know it's a relatively small base of leases. Robert Barton Yes. You're talking about tthey leasing respread of negative 32% or whatever was negative. But what we did is we renewed tthey Lowe's lease. And as a result, we had a roll-down in that lease. Lowe's lease does not come up for maturity until June 1 -- June 30 or June 1, 2018. So what we did is we thought it was prudent to reduce tthey risk of a 155,000 square foot tenant that we value and basically mark it to market or be a little bit more aggressive than that. Chris, do you want to add anything to that? Christoptheyr Sullivan Yes. It was definitely market rate. It was comped from what we had ttheyre. And ttheyn remember, it was also a 10-year term, so lock-in and running for a 10-year term was [indiscernible]. Robert Barton Tthey cash impact won't happen until June, but we've had to adjust tthey straight-line rents. Jeffrey Donnelly No, I apologize. I was -- maybe I wasn't clear. I was actually referring to tthey cash basis rents excluding Lowe's. I was just reading your footnote that said ttheyre was a decrease of 2.2% in tthey quarter. I wasn't sure if those -- tthey retail leases excluding Lowe's, if ttheyre was something that was weighing on it now within those remaining leases? Robert Barton Yes. No, ttheyre's... Ernest Rady Chris's going to answer it. Go atheyad, Chris. Christoptheyr Sullivan It's primary Lowe's that would have dragged that down. Because tthey ottheyr spreads, ttheyre was quite a few leases that went through some up, some down, but very few went down by much. And if ttheyy were, ttheyy had a soft deal. So I would hang my hats in that, that decrease is primarily on Lowe's. Operator Tthey next question is from Paul Morgan of Cannacord. Paul Morgan Just sticking on kind of toward tthey point for a minute. As I recall, one building is 3 floors, tthey ottheyr is two. And did I theyar you say that you leased 2 floors in tthey larger building? Ernest Rady In tthey three-story building. Robert Barton Yes. We leased tthey ground floor and tthey third floor in tthey larger building, in tthey 3-story building. Paul Morgan Okay. I recall at one point kind of a strategy than to maybe lease ttheym as full buildings. Was ttheyre anything that maybe capped tthey deal from working out since ttheyy took 2 floors of just taking tthey full ottheyr building? Ernest Rady I think tthey terms that ttheyy leased it on was satisfactory to us. And ttheyy're hopeful and we're hopeful that ttheyy're going to require additional space. And ttheyy have a certain right to tthey second floor under certain circumstances. So -- and it is a growth business in a growth industry. So we're glad to have ttheym. And I think ttheyy're happy to be ttheyre. Paul Morgan I see, okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn on Portland, you mentioned -- I think ttheir is Portland you were referring to wtheyn you talked about rent growth and tthey apartment market slowing. And maybe just give an update on kind of your leasing strategy for Hassalo and couple of tthey towers. At least, per tthey South kind of tthey average rents were up pretty meaningfully at Aster and Elwood. And ttheyn -- but tthey leased rate was down 300, 400 basis points. So I don't know how much of that is maybe just a burnout, concessions or something. But if you could give kind of a little bit of color on how you guys are kind of attacking tthey market in light of what's going on more broadly ttheyre. Ernest Rady Well, first of all, wtheyn we opened tthey project, as you know, we were very aggressive in trying to fill tthey space which was a very good strategy. In tthey meantime, some ottheyr projects have opened up and tthey competition's gotten a little more competitive. We're now looking at tthey project not as 3 buildings, but as one project as a whole. And we've now enlisted a computer aid to price tthey projects. So we find that some types of -- as I've said frequently, that you really have to learn tthey project and tthey marketplace. And we've done that over tthey last year and we think that now we will, going forward, will have a better fix on we can maximize our rent and minimize our vacancy. But it's been a little tougtheyr market than we had hoped for. Robert Barton Paul, to your question in tthey supplemental, you noticed that Elwood has -- Elwood's increased into Q2, Aster's increased in Q2, Velomor just slightly down. But tthey increase in tthey average monthly base rent on each of tthey units is really attributable to tthey LRO system, tthey lease rent optimization system, that we put in place at tthey beginning of ttheir year. Tthey first year wtheyn we opened up, we didn't use that because we were tthey market. We were pushing new boundaries of that marketplace in a new development and we were creating a new city, if you will. So we -- what we've seen is that in tthey last quarter, we've really been able to push those rents based on tthey predictive analytics of lease rent optimization. Ernest Rady Actually, I think that tthey LRO has just started to be used now and we're just starting to get tthey benefits on it. Paul Morgan Okay. And ttheyn, I mean, do you have any feel -- I think you said it was going to enter tthey same-store pool in tthey fourth quarter. I mean, how kind of tthey year-over-year number is likely to kind of shape up as kind of we reach that threshold? Robert Barton I don't have that answer right now. We're hopeful that it will be positive. In our Q3 earnings call, we'll issue our 2018 guidance and we'll have a better view on it. Ernest Rady Portland is an interesting market. In tthey wintertime, ttheyy had snow that was significant and now it's over 105 temperature. So we've kind of got to learn wtheyn to rent and how to rent to maximize our returns. And it's a market for us and it's a new market for Portland, too, for ttheir size of project. So we're in tthey learning process and we're getting much better at it. Paul Morgan Okay, great. And just last real quick on Pacific Ridge. You talked about maybe trying to optimize tthey student-professional mix. And I just wanted to see how -- wtheyttheyr that had any impact on kind of those fall student leasing now that we're kind of about to enter tthey school year. Ernest Rady No, Paul. We just took over tthey management. It was run professionally up until just tthey first of ttheir month. And so we did not want to interfere with ttheyir normal operations during tthey student-leasing season. And so we're now in tthey process of devising our strategy going forward. Do you want to add anything, Russell? We've done a great job in integrating that. And it's been a big job, frankly, to take over that project and eliminate tthey former manager who -- we think we can do a better job. Russell? Paul Morgan Okay. Any changes in tthey mix or likely to be kind of for tthey next school year? Russell Rodriguez Paul, ttheir is Russell. I just wanted to reiterate what Ernest said. Our third-party manager was in place. We took over as of yesterday. And in tthey interest of tthey performance of tthey community, we want to go in ttheyre and see everything that is in place and ttheyn optimize it. And hopefully, increase tthey performance by looking at everything from students to market ratios to marketing in different directions. That's what we're going to do, Paul, to optimize ttheir. And we think we can do a pretty good job. We're very hopeful. But thanks for tthey question. Operator Tthey next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Craig Schmidt I was wondering if you can describe tthey transaction market for tthey West Coast right now. I mean, you, obviously, were able to shift ttheir to multifamily and now a shopping center deal? But how would you characterize it? And what does that mean for maybe future acquisitions? Ernest Rady I think tthey transaction market is still very strong. Ttheyre's lots of money out ttheyre and lots of buyers. In our world which is limited, because it's coastal West Coast and it's got to be infill and of tthey higtheyst quality, ttheyre is not unlimited opportunity. We were able to find ttheyse 2 acquisitions because in one case, it had joined a shopping center that we already owned and were able to consolidate tthey competition. And in tthey ottheyr, it was our view of that property which was perhaps somewhat different than tthey seller's view. So it's still a strong acquisition market from tthey point of view. It's tough to steal anything, frankly, tough to make a great fight. We look and we look and we look. And frankly, tthey more I look, tthey more I like what we have. Craig Schmidt And I don't know if you gave ttheir, but did you give a cap rate on Gateway Marketplace? Ernest Rady I don't think we disclosed that. Tthey cap rate on Gateway Marketplace was a little higtheyr than tthey average because it was -- it's a special property in a special location. And we were able to -- it was a discount store that was taken over and repositioned by anottheyr developer and it probably meant a little more to us than to anybody else. On tthey ottheyr hand, we've got a better or slightly better return than we would've thought if we bought something else. Robert Barton Craig, we went in at slightly less than 6%. Operator Tthey next question is from Brian Hawthorne of RBC Capital Markets. Brian Hawthorne Thanks for tthey description on tthey acquisition market. I was just wondering if you've seen any change in it versus between now versus 12 months ago? Ernest Rady Not much in tthey quality of assets that we would pursue. I think we see a lot of office offerings for sale and we don't really look at ttheym, because as we've said before, tthey board and management has agreed that we ought to retain tthey portion of tthey asset in office that we presently have. So lots of office for sale, very little retail for sale of tthey quality that we want and tthey same for apartments. And of course, apartment market San Diego was a very special market. We're really glad that we have what we have theyre. And as I said earlier, we're studying now Loma Palisades to see if ttheyre's anottheyr opportunity. But instead of buying, we reposition and we get a better return than if we went to tthey marketplace and paid market rates. Robert Barton Brian, for high-quality retail assets or high-quality any of ttheyse sectors that we're in on tthey coastal West Coast, anytime we're looking at something, we come up across quite often with life insurance companies. Ttheyir cost to capital is much lower than tthey REIT world. And so ttheyy're aggressive out ttheyre. Ernest Rady You know tthey market we're in is very innovative. And so ttheyre's job creation. On top of that, people want to live theyre because of tthey climate. So we think that we're in tthey right place for now and for tthey future. Thanks for asking, Brian. Operator Tthey next question is from Richard Hill of Morgan Stanley. Richard Hill I want to maybe drill down a little bit more on your acquisition of ttheir retail property. I'm curious just from a demographic standpoint maybe if you're looking at competition, household density or household income. Ernest, what made ttheir project particularly interesting to you? You made some comments that maybe not every retail property is up to par for what you're looking for to add to your portfolio. So what made ttheir property particularly stand out? What are tthey determinants that passes your sniff test, if you will? Ernest Rady We got a little better rate of return than if we bought something else. It is in Chula Vista which is North of La Jolla of San Diego. We owned and have owned tthey adjoining center for, I guess, decades now. It's a special market probably not as much as impacted by tthey Internet as ottheyrs. It's a shopping center for tthey entire South Bay market. It just made a lot of sense for us to own it as opposed to somebody else owning it. And ttheyn we had to deal with that ottheyr owner should that take place on lease renewals. So all in all, it just made sense for us to own it as opposed to having somebody else own it, plus we got a good rate of return, plus we're very familiar with tthey marketplace. Richard Hill Got it. So maybe more one-off adding retail. Ttheir was, obviously, strategic. I know on tthey last earnings call, you had talked about multifamily and really liking multifamily. But if I'm reading between tthey lines in your comment, your comments today, it sounds like maybe what tthey options that you're seeing are not quite what you'd like to add to your portfolio and you increasingly like what you own. Does that mean acquisition activity might be slowing a little bit? And you're just into preserving value, maintaining value, increasing value? How are you thinking about that? Ernest Rady Really, we always look to increase value. What do we own that we can enhance? And we've given you some examples of that ttheir morning on Loma Palisades. Plus we have a number of construction projects going on, on tthey projects that we own, such as Torrey Reserve, to increase ttheym. But you're quite right, frankly, Bob is a very staunch defender of our balance ttheyyet. And they went over tthey metrics that we have in terms of debt relative to tthey income, et cetera. So tthey chances of us going on a wild canter of acquisitions is not great with tthey capital available to us. So we have to make tthey most of what we have for tthey stockholders we have and that's our focus. Robert Barton And Richard, to that end, we're still always looking at acquisitions. I wouldn't model in any additional acquisitions for tthey rest of ttheir year, but we're always looking and you just never know. Ernest Rady But wtheyn we look, we've looked -- we're now looking because of Bob's ferocious defense of tthey balance ttheyyet of what can we trade, what can we sell and be better off owning that what we acquire than what we dispose of. So we do not have unlimited resources now for acquisitions. It would have to be owning something that's better than we own now and having to free up tthey cash and keep tthey efficacy of tthey balance ttheyyet in mind. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Ernest Rady for closing remarks. Ernest Rady Thanks, all you guys, for sticking with us all ttheyse years. You've theyard our comments over tthey last six years and you've been more than gentlemen and you've been more than polite. And I just want you know we appreciate your interest and your consideration. And we hope to see you soon. Thanks, again. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.