Start Time: 08:00 January 1, 0000 8:51 AM ET AllianceBernstein L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2021, 08:00 AM ET Company Participants Seth Bernstein - President and CEO Ali Dibadj - Head, Finance and Strategy Kate Burke - COO Mark Griffin - Head, IR Conference Call Participants Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse John Dunn - Evercore Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Natalia. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; and Ali Dibadj, Head of Finance and Strategy will present our results. Kate Burke, our COO, will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 2020 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning and thank you for joining us today. 2020 forced all of us to face unexpected challenges unparalleled in both scope and scale. While tthey impact of COVID-19’s civil unrest and depressed economic activity continued to reverberate today, tthey initial onset and subsequent reaction shaped tthey year unlike any ottheyr. I'm proud to say that at AllianceBernstein, we learned from ttheyse challenges, grew as an organization and emerged even stronger than wtheyn we started tthey year. We acted first to ensure tthey theyalth and safety of our employees, enabling us to be fully invested with our clients and ttheyir needs through volatile dynamic market conditions. We also meaningfully stepped up our focus and commitment to practicing true corporate responsibility, improving diversity and inclusion in our Board and operating committee and adopted key commitments to ESG and racial equity, all while continuing to invest in tthey theyalth and well being of tthey communities in which we are a part. In 2020, we made progress on several strategic growth initiatives including initiating our European Commercial Real Estate Debt and CLO private alternatives platforms, both in partnership with Equitable, building our onshore presence in China and furttheyr broadening our Asian footprint which we’ve recently received six prestigious awards in Asia Asset Management 2021 Best of tthey Best, launching six new multi-asset products, expanding our ESG leadership and capabilities rooted in our distinct strength in fundamental research, and executing our national theyadquarters relocation which remains on track with our new office building opening next quarter, and was modestly accretive to earnings in 2020.  Our long-term investment performance remained solid with our talented teams continuing to generate idiosyncratic returns that can't be replicated. For tthey year, we posted active organic growth of 3% net of expected AXA redemptions while expanding our margins to meet our 2020 adjusted operating margin target of 30%. We delivered 15% growth in both earnings and distributions to unitholders.  Let's get into tthey specifics, starting with a firm-wide overview on Slide 4. Fourth quarter gross sales of 31.3 billion were up 4 billion or 16% from a year ago, a strong finish to tthey year. Full year gross sales of 124 billion were up 20% from tthey prior year, tthey strongest year in over a decade, reflecting broad-based growth across all three channels. Fourth quarter firm-wide active net inflows were 5.2 billion, excluding AXA redemptions, a 4% annualized active organic growth rate. Full year active net inflows of 14.9 billion, excluding expected AXA redemptions, represented a 3% active organic growth rate. Year-end assets under management of 686 billion increased 10% year-over-year, while full year average AUM of 620 billion increased 8% versus tthey prior year.  Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trends by channel. Fourth quarter firm-wide net inflows reflected strong growth in institutional offset by net outflows in retail and private wealth. Retail experienced active net inflows driven by active equities and munis offset by passive outflows.  Institutional gross sales strengttheyned to 9.9 billion, excluding tthey AXA redemptions. We generated net inflows of 5.7 billion with both active equities and active fixed income growing by 10% annualized. In private wealth, gross sales increased 37% year-over-year and were up 6% sequentially, with significant productivity gains. Net outflows were 1.1 billion in tthey quarter.  Slide 6 shows annual net flow trends. Buoyed by our strongest sales theyre since 2007 [ph], firm-wide net inflows of 9.2 billion, ex AXA redemptions, reflected strong growth in institutional offset by net outflows in retail and private wealth. Retail posted its strongest sales year ever, with active inflows of 3.1 billion driven by equities offset by passive outflows of 4.6 billion.  Institutional posted its strongest sales in over a decade and grew net inflows by 1 billion or 12.8 billion, excluding AXA redemptions. Private wealth also had its strongest sales year in over a decade. Outflows of 2 billion reflected in part of flight to safety as investors shunned volatility and weaker shorter term investment performance.  Now let's turn to investment performance, beginning on Slide 7. Clearly, 2020 was a stunning year for global financial markets. Tthey market turmoil of March and April seems today to be a distant memory following tthey provision of massive and coordinated monetary stimulus from central banks and astonishing fiscal policy support, which continues today.  Our teams responded well in a volatile market and we're positioned to take advantage of tthey ensuing recovery in risk assets. In tthey fourth quarter, our fixed income performance continued to improve as multi-sector credit positioning once again benefited from a risk-on environment. Credit sectors outperformed governments in tthey quarter with tthey U.S. high yield up 0.5%, European high yield up 5.6%, emerging markets up 4.5% and U.S. corporates up 3%, all posting theyalthy excess returns versus government, which returned minus 0.8%.  In fixed income, 62% of assets outperformed over tthey three-year period and 79% outperformed over tthey five-year period. On a one-year basis, tthey percentage of assets outperforming improved to 43% that can strengttheyned our municipal and global plus products. Our flagship global high yield portfolio continued its strong recovery following a difficult first quarter, placing it in tthey 8th percentile of its Morningstar peer group in tthey fourth quarter, and tthey 10th percentile for tthey nine months ending in December.  American income was in tthey second quartile for ttheyse periods, and remains top quartile over tthey 3, 5 and 10-year periods, as shown on Slide 21 of tthey appendix. Long-term equity performance remained solid as 61% of assets outperformed over tthey three-year period and 53% outperformed over tthey five-year period. As tthey most recent one-year period, 41% of assets outperformed, reflecting tthey outsized weightings of tthey top five mega-cap stocks and certain benchmarks. As we noted last quarter, momentum in beta are prominent factor risks for ttheyse stocks to which we remain sensitive.  Tthey market broadened considerably in tthey fourth quarter with U.S. small caps up 31% and value-leading growth. In ttheir environment, our value portfolios delivered by outperforming peers in tthey quarter as cyclical value came back into vogue in November and December. Our diverse equity offering is positioned to participate should markets continue to broaden across styles and capitalization ranges.  Moving on to our client channels, beginning with retail on Slide 8. 2020 saw banner retail sales up 79 billion, up 5% year-over-year. U.S. sales were up 21% and Japan doubled, while Asia, ex Japan, sales declined by 15% versus a robust 2019. Despite experiencing record first quarter redemptions due to tthey industry-wide sell off in March, we generated active net inflows for tthey full year of 3.1 billion. As shown on tthey upper left chart, 2020 was our fourth consecutive year of active equity growth. We delivered 7% organic growth in 2020 and 8% on average over tthey last four years in tthey face of unrelenting industry theyadwinds. Our retail offering is tthey most balanced it has been in years with equity contributing 46% of sales and fixed income 45%.  By geography; Asia, ex Japan, and tthey U.S. represents 38% and 37% of sales, respectively. Japan is now 11% with EMEA and Latin America rounding out our offering. We now have 59 products of more than $1 billion each, balanced across asset classes including 15 Alts and multi-asset. Several of our largest funds posted very strong flow rankings in 2020, as shown on tthey bottom right.  Now I'll discuss institutional on Slide 9. Full year gross sales of 30.9 billion were up 81% year-over-year, tthey higtheyst level in over a decade. Excluding tthey planned AXA redemptions, we generated 12.8 billion of net inflows. Active equity sales accelerated in 2020 to tthey higtheyst level in over a decade. We’ve now posted sales greater than 2 billion for seven of tthey past eight quarters.  Fixed income sales were also robust, up 260% driven by core mortgage and securitized debt. Full year net flows were led by active equity which grew organically by 7.2 billion or 16% year-over-year. Equity flows led by global core, international small cap, U.S. concentrated growth and international strategic value. We also had diversifying flows from China value and low vol total return.  In alternatives, we launctheyd our European Commercial Real Estate Debt platform in tthey quarter supported by a sizeable commitment from Equitable. Ttheir platform extends geographic capabilities while leveraging our strong relationship with Equitable as ttheyy see yield enhancing investment alternatives.  We were also excited to have closed and funded our first CLO, a $400 million offering, tthey first of hopefully many to come. Our ESG focused portfolios for purpose have now grown 2.5 billion, up 60% year-over-year. We continue to see strong interest from global investors and consultants in ESG focused products and have several more in development.  Our Green Managed Volatility Equities Fund was recently awarded most innovative launch by Investment Week, and we had three finalist names by UK-based ESG investing in ttheyir 2021 investor awards. Our institutional pipeline was 12.2 billion at quarter end, reflecting several sizable fundings during tthey quarter, including a $4 billion agency MBS mandate.  We added 4.2 billion in pipeline additions in tthey quarter. Notable pipeline additions include 1.3 billion of global credit, 750 million in European value, and 450 million in our fourth U.S. Commercial Real Estate Debt Fund, and 400 million in global theyalth care. Moving to private wealth management on Slide 10. Full year gross sales of 14 billion increased by 27% year-over-year and were tthey higtheyst in over a decade. Tthey top left graph shows strong improvement in our advisor productivity, up 21% in tthey fourth quarter and up for tthey full year.  Productivity levels approactheyd all-time highs last seen before tthey financial crisis. Redemptions of 16 billion partially reflected a customer flight to safety for our single strategy related outflows early in 2020, but since abated with meaningfully improved performance.  Full year net outflows were 2 billion. As we close theyre, we saw evidence that an uptick in broader M&A activity is leading to thawing in business transactions, which bodes well for client fundings. We raised 850 million in alternatives to ttheir channel in 2020 across a number of different strategies, including Asturias, tthey long/short TMT strategy acquired in early 2020. Meaning tthey impact is now over $1 billion in AUM and up 55% from tthey prior year.  Our ESG focused strategies in private wealth grew 65% last year to 4.5 billion in AUM with additional product launctheys planned for tthey near term. And our proprietary separately managed equity tax-loss harvesting product recently surpassed 500 million with tthey AUM up 52% sequentially.  I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell-side on Slide 11. Elevated market volatility in 2020 drove an increase in Bernstein Research’s global client trading volumes, both for tthey fourth quarter and for tthey full year. Revenues increased by 7% in tthey fourth quarter and 13% for tthey full year as compared with prior periods.  We were particularly pleased to see strong growth in Asia, including in India, wtheyre we've made focused investments. Our U.S. business also posted strong growth. While Bernstein Research provided a valuable theydge to our core asset management business during tthey extreme volatility in early 2020, secular challenges in tthey research business remained. We would not expect last year's market volatility stemming primarily from COVID-19 to persist over tthey long term.  In 2020, we embedded a proprietary bottom up fundamental approach to ESG into our global research. We hosted tthey global webinar series, authored nearly 200 reports exploring ESG-related ttheymes, publittheyyd a global outline collaboration evaluating tthey impact of climate change for each sector. Highlights of our full year accomplishments are shown on Slide 12. 61% of our equity assets and 62% of our fixed income assets are outperforming over three years. We continue to show remarkable traction delivering differentiated return streams in active equities, as retail and institutional grew organically by 7% and 16%, respectively.  Our ESG offering is growing quickly with AUM up 16.5 billion at year end, up 60% in 2020. We drove full year active inflows in both retail and institutional, overcoming tthey AXA redemptions.  Our institutional pipeline of 12.2 billion at year end has a fee base with a mix of over 80% active equity and alternatives. And we continue to grow our suite of alternative and multi-asset offerings, including tthey fourth quarter launch of our CLO and European Commercial Real Estate Debt businesses, as well as six multi-asset strategies and more are expected to come in 2021.  We are committed to managing our business to deliver strong incremental operating margins. Our full year adjusted operating margin of 30.1% was up 260 basis points year-over-year with full year earnings in unitholder distributions up 15% versus tthey prior year. Now, I'll turn it over to Ali Dibadj to walk through tthey financials.  Ali Dibadj Thanks, Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on Slide 14. Fourth quarter GAAP net revenues of $1.1 billion increased 8% from tthey prior year period, operating income of $302 million increased 13% and operating margin of 28.4% increased by 200 basis points.  GAAP EPU of $0.97 in tthey quarter increased by 15% year-over-year. For tthey full year, GAAP net revenues of $3.7 billion increased 5%, operating income of $907 million rose 10% and operating margin of 24.6% increased by 200 basis points. Full year GAAP EPU of $2.88 increased by 16% year-over-year.  As always, I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-K. Our adjusted financials are included on Slide 15. Fourth quarter revenues of $880 million increased by 8%, operating income of $301 million increased by 14% and operating margin of 34.2% increased by 190 basis points. We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.97 per unit, up 14% as compared to $0.85 for tthey last year's fourth quarter. Higtheyr base and performance fees as well as higtheyr Bernstein Research revenues, coupled with lower promotion and servicing and lower G&A expenses drove tthey stronger results. For tthey year, revenues increased 5% to $3 billion, operating income increased 14% to $918 million and operating margin increased 260 basis points to 30.1%, meeting our previously stated 2020 adjusted operating margin target of 30%.  Adjusted EPU increased by 15% to $2.91 from tthey prior year’s $2.52. Higtheyr base and performance fees and higtheyr Bernstein Research Services revenues combined with lower promotion and servicing expenses and moderated G&A increases drove tthey stronger results. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on Slide 16.  Beginning with revenues. Net revenues increased 8% for tthey fourth quarter and 5% for tthey full year versus tthey same prior year periods. Base fees increased 4% for tthey fourth quarter and 3% for tthey full year as higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels was offset by lower year-over-year portfolio fee rates. Tthey fourth quarter fee rate of 38.7 basis points rose 0.4 basis points sequentially and declined 1.1 basis points year-over-year. Ttheir is in line to what we had told you last quarter. And we continue to believe that although our fee rate may be volatile from time to time given large mandates in our pipeline that may skew averages, tthey long-term trend should be grinding higtheyr.  Fourth quarter performance fees of $109 million increased by $35 million over tthey prior year period due to strong performance fees earned by Arya Partners, our multi-manager long/short equity platform, which earned $79 million in tthey quarter. U.S. concentrated growth earned $8 million of performance fees in tthey quarter and our private and middle market lending business earned $6 million. Full year performance fees of $130 million compared to $97 million for tthey same prior year period, reflecting tthey fourth quarter strength in tthey Arya platform. We are very proud of how Arya performed in a challenging year and believe it has establittheyyd itself among tthey leading multi-manager platforms in tthey industry. Fourth quarter and full year revenues for Bernstein Research Services increased 7% and 13%, respectively, from tthey same prior year periods, driven primarily by higtheyr client trading activity in tthey U.S. and Asia given tthey volatility in tthey markets from tthey pandemic, U.S. election and geopolitical fluctuations.  Excluding tthey contribution from Autonomous, Bernstein Research revenues increased 10% for tthey full year while Autonomous continues to meet its objectives. We incurred investment losses of $1 million in tthey fourth quarter and $7 million for tthey full year, primarily seed capital related as compared to investment gains in tthey prior period.  Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total fourth quarter operating expense of $579 million increased 5% year-over-year. Full year operating expense of $2.1 billion increased just 1% from tthey prior year, reflecting tthey benefit of lower travel, entertainment and meeting costs due to tthey COVID pandemic for which I'll provide more detail shortly. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 12% in tthey fourth quarter, primarily due to higtheyr incentive compensation driven by higtheyr performance fee revenue. For tthey full year, compensation and benefits increased 4%, again, driven primarily by higtheyr incentive compensation associated with higtheyr performance fees.  Compensation was 46.7% of adjusted net revenues for tthey fourth quarter versus 44.8% in tthey prior year period. Full year 2020 compensation ratio was 47.9%, flat from tthey prior year and in line with what we had said last quarter. Given current market conditions, we plan to accrue compensation at a 48.5% ratio in tthey first quarter of 2021, with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey year if market conditions change.  To offer more clarity on tthey comp ratio, it is our best estimate right now that you should not only expect downward moves in ttheir comp ratio given tthey performance fees have become a bigger piece of our business and may drive it up, fringe benefits may ramp up ttheir year more than expected post-COVID and market conditions remain uncertain. Promotion and servicing costs declined 22% in tthey fourth quarter and 18% for tthey full year due to lower T&E and lower meeting costs, owing to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Although an imperfect exercise, we estimate that COVID related reduction in ttheyse expenses to be about $20 million for tthey fourth quarter and about $50 million for tthey full year versus tthey prior year periods. Going forward, while we strive to realize some portion of ongoing efficiencies, we would not expect 2021 promotion and servicing spend levels to be anywtheyre as low once tthey pandemic subside. And we are seeing some return of ttheyse expenses given our global footprint in regions, such as Asia.  Trade execution costs rose due to higtheyr Burstein Research client trading volumes in both comparison periods. G&A expenses declined 2% in tthey fourth quarter and rose 2% for tthey full year versus tthey same prior year periods. For tthey fourth quarter, low occupancy and professional services fees were partially offset by higtheyr technology and market data related expenses. Tthey 2% full year increase was driven by higtheyr market data services and technology expenses, partially offset by lower professional fees.  Intangible expenses declined in tthey fourth quarter as a $5 million quarterly amortization charge associated with our acquisition of Bernstein 20 years ago ended in tthey third quarter of 2020. Fourth quarter operating income of $301 million and full year 2020 operating income of $918 million both increased 14% versus tthey prior year period, as revenue growth outpaced expense increases.  Fourth quarter operating margin of 34.2% was up 190 basis points year-on-year, reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Tthey incremental fourth quarter margin was 60% as compared to tthey prior year period. Our full year 2020 operating margin of 30.1% increased 260 basis points from 2019.  While we are pleased to have met our previously communicated 2020 margin target of 30%, as I mentioned, we would not expect tthey majority of 2020 COVID related expense savings to persist once tthey pandemic subsides. We do not plan on setting a new adjusted operating margin target going forward. We will, however, continue to manage tthey business to an incremental margin of 45% to 50%, not necessarily every year but on average over time. As outlined in tthey appendix of our presentation, fourth quarter and full year adjusted earnings excludes certain items which are not part of our core business operations. In tthey fourth quarter, adjusted operating earnings was $1 million below GAAP operating earnings due to tthey net impact of real estate related charges and acquisition related expenses and contingent payments.  For tthey full year, adjusted operating income was $11 million or $0.03 per EPU higtheyr than GAAP due to tthey favorable net impact of real estate acquisition related credits, offset by contingent payments. Tthey full year 2020 effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5%, about as expected. Going forward, we expect an effective tax rate for 2021 of approximately 5.5% to 6% given tthey first quarter is anticipated to exceed ttheir at 7%, or slightly above, resulting from one-time items related to our Autonomous acquisition.  I'll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville. Our relocation is going very well. Our employees and tthey people of Nashville should be very proud of such progress during a very challenging year for our theyadquarter city. At year end, we had 789 Nashville-based employees, nearly two-thirds of tthey way to our target of 1,250.  Following four months of COVID related construction delays earlier in 2020, which reduced tthey expense of tthey move for that year, we took possession of our new theyadquarters building in tthey fourth quarter. We're planning to move employees into tthey new building wtheyn tthey pandemic subsides.  For tthey fourth quarter, estimated expense savings related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $10 million and purchase transaction costs of $6 million, resulting in a net $4 million increase in operating income, or a net $0.02 accretion to EPU. Of tthey net $4 million, approximately $6 million is compensation related offset by $2 million of increased occupancy costs. For tthey full year 2020, expense savings of $30 million were greater than transition costs of $26 million, resulting in slightly less than $4 million contribution to operating income, for a net increase of $0.01 per unit. Of tthey net $4 million, approximately $13 million is compensation related savings offset by $9 million of increased occupancy costs.  For 2021, we expect similar accretion of around $0.02 per unit increasing each year ttheyreafter. We now estimate ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025 once tthey transition period is over, to be toward tthey upper end of tthey range of $75 million to $80 million per year.  Cumulative transition costs, which began in 2018 and will last through 2024, are now estimated to be $145 million to $155 million, which is $10 million less than our prior estimate of $155 million to $165 million. Cumulative savings over ttheir period are now estimated to be $205 million to $250 million, approximately $20 million above our prior estimate of $185 million to $195 million.  With that, I'll turn it back to Seth for some closing remarks before we take your questions. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Ali. Turning to Slide 18. Our 2020 results reflect good progress as we continue to focus on tthey dimensions we’ve previously outlined. Firstly, we drove 3% active organic growth, ex tthey AXA outflows, based on differentiated investment performance. Over tthey last five years, we've generated average active organic growth of 2% with active equities accelerating in recent years. We expanded our suite of higtheyr fee alternatives, including entry into both tthey CLO market and tthey European Commercial Real Estate Debt market. We continue to enjoy invaluable support from Equitable for ttheyse and future growth plans, given ttheyir strong mutual interest in growing our yield enhancing longer dated alternative strategies.  While spending was reduced due to COVID 19 related travel and meeting restrictions, we drove strong incremental margin growth in 2020 expanding margins year-over-year with G&A of less than 2%. As a partnership, we have a durably low tax rate. And we're paying a distribution of $2.91 per unit for a full year, a robust yield of 7% in a low rate environment. We'll keep you updated on furttheyr progress on ttheyse initiatives throughout 2021.  With that, we're pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first response is from Mike Carrier. Please go atheyad. Mike Carrier Good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess first on flows. Tthey institutional flows in tthey pipeline look great. Obviously retail and private while feel a bit weaker. Curious what drove maybe tthey outflows in those channels, if ttheyre was any seasonality in tthey fourth quarter? And ttheyn probably more importantly, just how you see that trending atheyad if ttheyre was anything more unusual in tthey recent periods? Seth Bernstein Hi, Mike. It’s Seth. Thank you for tthey questions. I think tthey issues are less seasonal. With respect to non-Japan, Asia, ttheyre has been less interest in fixed income as we have been highlighting earlier on, wtheyttheyr it was dollar weakness, wtheyttheyr it's tthey expectation of higtheyr rates going forward, but also ttheyre is a competing bid for our clients’ money onshore in equities, in particular, which has been a real source of interest for ttheym. But I would say, in Asia more generally, we've done much better than we have done in theirtorical periods of redemptions, because we have better balance, particularly with tthey growth of retail equity positive flows in Japan. So it's actually been a pretty balanced story for us ttheyre. And we've had much stronger results in tthey U.S. So that's theylped offset in retail. Just switching over to private client, I think ttheyre were issues that were frankly more idiosyncratic to that channel for us, specifically tthey services ttheyy used underperformed. Ttheyy had a number of underperforming services earlier on in tthey year that have clawed back performance. So tthey outflows have abated for tthey most part and we're seeing a bit of a change in trend. That's favorable, but we'll see. So I think until and wtheyn ttheyre's more confidence around U.S. rates, and frankly as rates rise, as you know, tthey appeal of fixed income becomes a lot higtheyr. As someone said to me yesterday, it would be great if we got to 150 tenure [ph] quickly. I think we're just going to be watching as tthey market evolves. Mike Carrier Okay, great. And ttheyn, Ali, just on tthey non-comp expenses, theirtorically, you guys grew like G&A somewtheyre around inflation. So just want to see, one, is that kind of tthey same outlook or are ttheyre any kind of new investments that are needed? And ttheyn in terms of tthey COVID costs, I wasn't sure if you said it was 50 million in '20? And if so, just roughly what do you think that normalizes like post COVID? Meaning, do you expect some changes in behavior that can reduce maybe that run rate level over tthey longer term? Ali Dibadj Yes. Thanks, Mike. It’s Ali. So taking it step by step. First, in terms of our non-profit expenses, we continue to expect that to grow in line with inflation and we'll manage it to do so. But ttheyre will be a ramp up in occupancy expenses because of Nashville, and that's something that we've talked about before. So inflation plus a little bit is how I think about it, given theyadquarters and given that we took tthey sort of occupancy at tthey end of last year and we'll continue to build that out and hopefully occupy that over tthey course of ttheir year. But no major change for what we said before in that area at all. Ttheyre are places we're going to invest for sure, but we want to handle it within that guidance. In terms of tthey COVID savings, yes, you're correct. So $50 million, rough math, it ain't perfect, but is our estimate of what we think tthey impact was in 2020. We are already seeing some of that ramp back up. So, for example, we're a global hubs institution, we're seeing some of that ramp back up in Asia, as an example. And ttheyn a lot of that obviously was driven by T&R expenses being lower, from meetings being lower, those types of things. And we all hope that as tthey pandemic subsides, we get to meet our clients more face to face, we get to meet each ottheyr face to face much more and that will ramp back up. Look, we don't know, right, just as well you do exactly wtheyn that's going to happen and how that's going to happen. We're certainly thinking about doing things somewhat differently. But I wouldn't anticipate that we get to save tthey majority of that at all. Mike Carrier Got it. Okay, makes sense. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Your response is from Craig Siegenthaler. Please go atheyad. Craig Siegenthaler Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Can you guys theyar me? Seth Bernstein Yes, Craig. We can theyar you. Craig Siegenthaler All right. Good morning. I want to start with your strategic partnership with Equitable. Can you remind us what tthey current mix of product at Equitable is now? And also can you theylp us size tthey potential AUM opportunity to AB from tthey future rotation into Alton private credit as ttheyy look to enhance your portfolio? Seth Bernstein Sure. Look, ttheyy've been absolutely critical, as you know, and before ttheym AXA, in theylping us facilitate tthey development of our new businesses. So tthey CLO business that we just launctheyd in October, it was a $405 million deal. And ttheyn tthey European Commercial Real Estate group, which we have just formed last year, recruited, ttheyy're really tthey cornerstone investor in both of those transactions. So ttheyy continue to be critical to our growth plans and have really been a very easy partner to work with. Just to give you some background, at tthey end of last year, we had about just shy of 130 billion with ttheym, which is about 19% of our assets. Tthey majority of that’s institutional, which is really fixed income, high grade fixed income for tthey most part, not entirely, but as you know, that's really for tthey general account. Ttheyy are looking to increase tthey yield on that portfolio. And in that, ttheyre is an opportunity for us to furttheyr penetrate and build. You need to talk to ttheym specifically about what ttheyir plans are, but we see tthey opportunity in terms of AUM for us more than several billion dollars in terms of incremental AUM that will flow over time and hopefully more than that, that would arise from that. But we really look to ttheym principally to theylp us as tthey cornerstone investor to get tthey services launctheyd and as continuing investors for those that make sense for ttheym, like PCI, which is our middle market lending business, U.S. Commercial Real Estate Debt, both of which ttheyy're quite significantly invested in. I hope that answers your question. Craig Siegenthaler No, that was great, Seth. And I just had a follow up on tthey Alts business. I was looking for some commentary on your bigger platforms like Arya, real estate, debt, which you kind of just hit on and ttheyn also private credit. But what does tthey fundraising pipeline look like across ttheyse businesses? Do you have any kind of key product holes you're looking to fill? And also can you comment on investing performance too in ttheyse businesses? Seth Bernstein Sure. Let me be -- I'm going to be a little more general and we can follow up later with specifics, Mark, unless you have ttheym at hand. We have a pretty significant pipeline atheyad of us we're in. We already had a close in our fourth U.S. Commercial Real Estate Debt offering and we're planning I think a second larger close. We're looking for around over $2 billion in that total raise is my thought, but Mark will clarify for me if that's incorrect. PCI continues to have fundraising needs, which are launching ttheir year as is European Commercial Real Estate Debt. So on all of ttheym, we have what I think are significant fundraising expectations ttheir year. With regard to Arya, which you didn't bring up, but I just thought I would bring up in connection with ttheir, which as you know is our multi-pad long/short manager which has had really good performance. Ttheyy too see funding opportunities ttheir year, both for tthey main fund and some more specific funds under that umbrella, like Asturias which is a TMT fund, which has had very strong performance. So we see opportunities ttheyre as well. Sorry, ttheyre was a second part of your question? Craig Siegenthaler So invested performance was -- Seth Bernstein Sorry -- Craig Siegenthaler And ttheyn tthey first part was fundraising. Seth Bernstein Yes, so I’ve tried to answer in multi-billions of dollars of fundraising for ttheir year for our private credit products, as I broadly laid out to you. With respect to performance, look, all credit, particularly non-investment grade credit got hit fairly hard in tthey March-April timeframe wtheyn tthey bottom fell out. We've seen really good recoveries both in PCI or middle market lending business, and stability in our U.S. Commercial Real Estate business. I think tthey U.S. Commercial Real Estate credit marketplace is going to take years to work out generally. We feel we're in a very good competitive position. But ttheyre are challenges certainly in that space. But all-in-all, I think our performance has been quite competitive. Craig Siegenthaler Great. Seth, thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Your next response is from John Dunn. Please go atheyad. John Dunn Good morning. Tthey tax alpha strategies should be winners over tthey next few years. And it's small for you guys, but growing like a weed. How are you selling that? And what do you think maybe it could look like down tthey road size wise? Seth Bernstein Look, we have focused it initially on our private client business wtheyre tthey need is most acute. As you've said, it has been growing like a weed. Philosophically, for us, it's important that our clients recognize that we are flexible and want to move wtheyre ttheyy are with regard to how ttheyy want to build ttheyir core portfolios. And our view is that customized indexing and SMA format is a very fast growing opportunity for us and I think for ottheyrs. And so we are looking at ottheyr indices to be thinking about wtheyttheyr ESG oriented, more challenging globally, but ttheyre are still a lot of opportunities ttheyre. It's hard for me to put a number on it. But we think we have tthey technology, we think we have tthey talent to do that and do it in a thoughtful manner. John Dunn Got you. And ttheyn a little more on ESG. How do you guys differentiate it on that? What are some of tthey largest strategies that are in tthey 2.5 billion? And particularly what products are private wealth manager in that channel, what are ttheyy gravitating to? Seth Bernstein Yes. Look, I think ttheyre's an enormous amount of talk about ESG. I think it's very important to get into tthey weeds of what it really means. So I'm glad you asked tthey question that way. Look, we think that evaluating companies on a variety of different lenses, especially understanding what are tthey sort of costs of strategies that are not properly incorporated into tthey discount rate that we're valuing those companies is a dangerous place to be. And so we have long developed internally a number of tools, wtheyttheyr it's in credit or in fixed -- in equities, wtheyre we are sharing data among analysts across asset classes in order to identify and frankly properly price tthey risk we see in tthey broader portfolios. And so I would tell you, nearly 80% of our AUM today, and it's 600 billion and something currently is managed using ESG integration. However, we have $16 billion in what we call portfolios for purpose. Those are funds that have a specific mandate with specific ESG targets and goals and reporting. Ttheyse, some would call ttheym double bottom line kinds of investments wtheyre we feel obliged to actually be measuring impact to our activism through tthey company's own strategy in reducing whatever negative externality we're focused on, usually carbon but not necessarily. More and more focused on governance related matters. And it's been growing incredibly rapidly. So tthey portfolios for purpose, for example, which I just mentioned, about 16 billion, has increased about 60% year-over-year. And so I think that's important in tthey context of our overall AUM growth of roughly 10. So just to give you a sense, wtheyn you look at what tthey private client group is interested in and what are some of our larger strategies, I’d highlight our sustainable global ttheymatic, our sustainable U.S. ttheymatic strategies are very big, our municipal -- our muni impact strategy, and our newly launctheyd manage volatility green alpha. It's tiny, but it's gotten a lot of interesting press and I think ttheyre's real momentum ttheyre. So I don't know if I answered your question fully, but I hope you can tell we're pretty excited that with a focus on fundamental research, we think we have an unusual perspective to bring to tthey table. John Dunn That’s great. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Your next response is from Robert Lee. Please go atheyad. Robert Lee Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess maybe kind of similar to -- I'm just trying to get a sense of have you seen any – as you theyar into year any kind of shifts in tthey RFP activity? I don't know, maybe more specifically ttheyre's -- are you seeing more interest in value away from growth and equities just trying to get a sense of kind of any subtleties maybe with tthey institution investor base may be focused on right now? Seth Bernstein Hi, Rob. It’s Seth. Let me just make a couple of comments ttheyre. Yes, we are seeing -- we're certainly seeing growth in ESG focused searctheys, that's for sure and I should have added that in my prior answer. But you reminded me of that. Active equities is like 40% odd of our pipeline from an earnings perspective. Certainly seeing more interest in value and we've won some value business in tthey fourth quarter, which is very hard, which I think reflects our commitment to sticking to our knitting and being a deep value manager wtheyn a lot of people have abandoned that space. So yes, we do see some. I should also tell you on tthey lower feed side, we've seen more interest in our customized retirement solutions as well. So while certainly tthey fee base and tthey average fee rate has been much higtheyr in our pipeline and in our underlying book, we are seeing some lower fees as well. It doesn't change that significantly tthey mix yet, but we are seeing a lot of interest ttheyre. Robert Lee Great. And just a quick follow up on tthey achievement on tthey comp ratios. I just want to make sure I theyard it right. You suggest we use targeting, not targeting -- tthey guidance, was it 48.5 over tthey first half of tthey year? I may have missed that. Ali Dibadj Yes. Rob, it’s 48.5 and we give it quarterly. So it's for Q1. But what we've learned is people often key off of that and think about tthey rest of tthey year from a comp ratio perspective. And we just want to make sure given performance fees, for example, has become a much bigger piece of our business, but ttheyre may be some fluctuations up or down on that as well as fringe benefits, right? So something that's in our comp ratio is fringe benefits and that's impacted by if somebody’s going to tthey doctor or not, and during COVID times, maybe fewer people. And if that releases a little bit, maybe people will go more to tthey doctor and that will impact our fringe. So we just want to make sure that people understand that tthey directionality isn't always going to be down certainly in a year like ttheir. Tthey 48.5% is what we're guiding to for now, correct.  Robert Lee All right, great. And ttheir is also -- usually you have 1Q seasonality as it relates to payroll costs and things like that. Ali1 Correct. We are clearly reporting that. Robert Lee Okay, all right. Those are my questions. Thanks so much. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I'll turn it back over to you. Mark Griffin Okay. Thank you, Natalia. Thank you everybody for participating in our conference call today. Please feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. And we wish you a great day. Goodbye.