AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call October 28, 2021 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head, IR Seth Bernstein - President and CEO Ajai Kaul - SVP and CEO, Asia Pacific Ali Dibadj - CFO and Head, Strategy Kate Burke - COO Conference Call Participants Rick Roy - Jefferies Bill Katz - Citigroup John Dunn - Evercore Stheyriq Sumar - Goldman Sachs Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session, and I will give you instructions on how to ask a question at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for two weeks. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Misty. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that’s posted in tthey Investor Relations site of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey Company’s results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; Ajai Kaul, Senior Vice President and CEO of Asia Pacific; and Ali Dibadj, CFO and Head of Strategy; Kate Burke, COO, will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we’ll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So, I’d like to point out tthey safe harbor language on slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our third quarter 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So, please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I’ll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In tthey third quarter, we grew organically across all three channels for tthey fourth time in tthey last five quarters. Our geographically diversified and differentiated client-focused offerings continue to resonate globally with clients and intermediaries. Firm-wide active equities have now grown organically for eight quarters in a row. Municipals, once again, grew organically by more than 20%. Our investment performance strengttheyned across both, equities and fixed income, while our broadening institutional pipeline grew its annual fee base to nearly $60 million. For tthey quarter, we posted annualized organic revenue growth of 5%, including a 1% year-over-year fee rate improvement and expanded our adjusted operating margin to 31.8%. Furttheyr, we delivered 29% growth in both, adjusted earnings per unit and distributions to unitholders. Let’s get into tthey specifics, starting with tthey firm-wide overview on slide 4. Gross sales were $32.3 billion or up $3 billion or 10% from a year ago and down 11% from tthey second quarter, net of last quarter’s Venerable transaction. Firm-wide active net inflows were $6.7 billion, a 4% annualized organic growth rate. Quarter-end assets under management of $742 billion rose 18% year-over-year and 1% from tthey prior quarter, an average AUM of $747 billion increased 20% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firm-wide, third quarter net -- total net inflows of $7.2 billion represented a 4% annualized organic growth rate. Net flows were positive in each channel for tthey fourth quarter of tthey last five. Retail generated its strongest gross sales ever with net inflows of $6.6 billion, driven by active equities and continued strength in munis, which once again offset moderating sequential outflows in taxable fixed income. Institutional sales of $2.6 billion led to net inflows of $200 million of fixed income and multi-asset group. In Private Wealth, gross sales increased 15% over both prior periods with net inflows of $500 million as we grew our ultra-high net worth business, supported by our focus on theylping ttheyse clients with pre-liquidity event planning. Investment performance is shown on slide 6. Starting with fixed income. In tthey third quarter, yields bottomed and began to rise on tapering discussions and higtheyr inflation trends. We continue to position our multi-sector fixed income portfolios for periods of solid growth and also higtheyr inflation by being underweight duration and overweight credit. Our fixed income performance improved on already strong levels that 92% of our fixed income assets outperformed over tthey one-year period and 70% of assets outperformed over tthey three and five-year period. We continue to see outstanding relative performance in tax exempts. 6 of our 10 retail municipal funds were in tthey top decile of ttheyir Morningstar peer group across all periods and all 10 were in tthey top quartile across all periods. Our tax aware vehicles, including SMA, grew by 20% organically. Turning to equities. Global equities rose through most of tthey third quarter but gave up most of ttheyir gains in a volatile September. In developed equity markets, style leadership shifted from value stocks towards growth through August and back again towards tthey quarter end. In equities, our percentage of assets outperforming strengttheyned, improving to 76% for tthey one-year period and 78% for tthey three-year period and 70% for tthey five-year period. Tthey improvement for tthey one-year period reflects outperformance by our U.S. large cap growth and strategic equities portfolios, driven by our disciplined approach to diversifying portfolios at measured weights, considering tthey still high level of U.S. market concentration in high-growth mega cap companies. Now, I’d like to review our client channels, beginning with retail, on slide 7. Third quarter gross sales were a record $25.6 billion, up 46% year-over-year and up 7% sequentially. Net inflows of $6.6 billion were positive in each region, driven by 19% annualized organic growth in equities, our 18th straight quarter of active equity inflows. U.S. large cap growth led tthey way among 10 different equity products that each exceeded $100 million of net flows. Once again, municipals grew by over 20% annualized and taxable fixed income outflows continued to moderate, with American income redemptions improving by $500 million versus tthey prior quarter. As shown on tthey upper left chart, our broad, diverse product offerings across assets classes has driven consistent organic growth with retail net inflows 11 of tthey last 13 quarters. On a net flow basis, our U.S. equity funds ranked 14th out of 451 managers. International equity funds ranked 29th out of 249 managers, and munis ranked 12th of 110 managers. Several notable individual funds are shown on tthey bottom right, including small-cap growth, first out of 157 funds. Turning to Institutional on slide 8. Third quarter gross sales of $2.6 billion declined by $2.3 billion from a year ago and were well below tthey prior quarter, which included tthey Venerable sale. While a slower funding quarter, tthey pipeline continues to build. Outflows moderated to a low 2.9% annualized redemption rate, resulting in net inflows of $200 million. Institutional has now posted net inflows for 5 consecutive quarters and 9 of tthey last 10 quarters. Taxable fixed income and alternatives drove tthey net inflows. In tthey quarter, we priced our third CLO, a $500 million offering and also secured our first third-party client for our Equitable backed European commercial real estate debt offering. Our ESG portfolios with purpose grew to $27 billion, up 11% sequentially, driven by our U.S. and global sustainable ttheymatic strategies, both of which not only received upgrades from a global consultancy in tthey quarter, but were also awarded Best Sustainable and ESG Research Team from Investment League in tthey United Kingdom. We were also pleased to receive a Morningstar ESG Commitment Level of Advanced, validating tthey efforts of our teams in recent years. Our institutional pipeline grew to a record $20.6 billion at quarter end, up 16% sequentially, with additions including an $800 million emerging markets debt mandate and $620 million China A shares value mandate from a prominent outsourced CIO firm. Tthey annualized fee base reactheyd $60 million and has grown at a 19% compound annual growth rate since we began tracking in 2011 with alternatives over half tthey fee base. As a reminder, ttheir pipeline includes a $10 billion low-fee customized retirement solutions mandate that we expect will fund in tthey first half of 2022. Last quarter, we informed you that tthey prior AXA redemption program announced in early 2020 has been completed. We, however, expect new redemptions by AXA of approximately $5 billion of low-fee retail AUM in tthey first half of 2022. AXA remains a critical partner in tthey development of our alternatives platform, and we continue to engage in active discussions with AXA as we build out our alternatives business. As of September 30, we managed $20.6 billion for AXA or less than 3% of our AUM. Moving to Private Wealth Management on slide 9. Gross sales of $4.1 billion increased 15% over both prior periods with advisor productivity also improving in tthey mid-teens. Net inflows of $500 million were positive for tthey fourth of tthey last five quarters. We continue to see our mix shift toward our ultra-high net worth, $20 million and over clients, influenced by our pre-liquidity event planning efforts, for which tthey pipeline remains strong. We raised $78 million in tthey Qualified Opportunity Fund focused on tax-efficient investing. Year-to-date, our alternative products are showing strong interest with assets raised having nearly doubled over tthey prior year. And our proprietary separately managed equity tax-loss harvesting product grew by 19% sequentially, while -- sorry, while muni impact and ESG portfolios continue to grow strongly. I’ll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on slide 10. Bernstein Research revenues increased by 15% year-over-year and 7% sequentially with strong growth in both Europe and Asia. Asia trading commissions were up over 40% and India continues to ramp strongly. We’re pleased that research ctheycks continue to grow at double-digit rates, reflecting our premium research franctheire. And we theyld our 18th annual Pan-European Strategic Decisions Conference with over 1,000 investors attending over 400 virtual meetings. We launctheyd coverage on three new sectors ttheir quarter, two in Europe and one in China. I’ll close our business overview with progress toward our strategy in third quarter, on slide 11. Our investment performance strengttheyned with 70% or more equity and fixed income assets outperforming each of tthey one, three and five-year time periods. Our geographic and product balance has now driven organic growth across all channels in four of tthey last five quarters with Retail positive 11 of tthey last 13 quarters and Institutional positive 9 of tthey last 10. Private Wealth grew for tthey fourth of tthey last five quarters with active client engagement across our growing inflation and tax aware suite. Our ESG Portfolios with Purpose now stand at $27 billion in AUM, up 11% sequentially. We priced our third CLO and we’re growing at a double-digit annualized rates in municipals. We are committed to managing our business to deliver strong incremental operating margins. Our third quarter adjusted operating margin of 31.8% was up 210 basis points year-over-year with adjusted earnings in unitholder distributions up 29% versus tthey prior year period. You may have seen our announcement last Friday that Steptheyn Lamm-Tennant has been appointed Independent Chair of Equitable Holdings and AllianceBernstein Boards of Directors effective immediately. Steptheyn has been a valued member of tthey Equitable Board since January of 2020, serving as a member of ttheyir audit and finance and risk committees. Steptheyn succeeds Ramon de Oliveira, who served as Chair of tthey Equitable and AB Boards of Directors since March of 2019 wtheyn Equitable became an independent company. We are fortunate to have an outstanding leader in Steptheyn to Chair our Board. As tthey first woman to do so in AB’s theirtory, ttheyy brings significant risk and capital advisory expertise. Sthey is also recognized thought leader in corporate social responsibility. Now, as part of our earnings spotlight series, which we’ll have from time to time, I’m pleased to introduce you to Ajai Kaul, Head of AB’s Asia Pacific business, who will review our Asia platform. Ajai? Ajai Kaul Thank you, Seth. It’s a pleasure to discuss our Asia business, a core part of AB, which is well positioned to capitalize on APAC’s growth potential, given tthey competitive advantage we have built over nearly four decades of operations. Today, I want to stress tthey following key points: Asia Pacific is a large, fast-growing region with significant growth potential as penetration of asset management increases from relatively modest levels. AllianceBernstein has a strong, competitively advantaged position in APAC, having built local businesses with strong market positions over tthey last several decades. We have a very theyalthy brand, which punctheys well above its weight in Asia. We have a robust opportunity set atheyad of us, which we are focused on executing on. Let’s start on slide 14. Economic growth and high savings rates are two amongst many factors, which contribute to why asset managers are attracted to APAC. Tthey region has theirtorically led tthey world with high savings rates that have remained resilient through various economic and market events. Market-wide assets in APAC across retail and institution have grown at a 6% CAGR over tthey last 15 years and at a faster rate in tthey recent years. Importantly, tthey percentage of market AUM professionally managed is just 25%, low compared to tthey global average of almost 44%. On slide 15, ttheir time line shows AB has roots in tthey region that go back four decades, an early mover advantage. Our first office was establittheyyd in 1986 in Japan. And since ttheyn, we have built businesses in Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and now in tthey process of building one in China. Strong investment performance, innovative product offerings and continued penetration of both retail and institutional channels have driven our growth. Some notable milestones include, launching our global high income, global high-yield product in 1997, which is a flagship service across tthey region. In 2006, we acquired full ownership of our business in Hong Kong and were appointed in tthey first group of foreign managers of China’s Social Security Fund for both equity and fixed income. We have introduced innovation in share classes tailored to client demand, converted JVs to wholly owned AB entities and have been willing to build onshore franctheires wtheyre needed. In tthey most recent Asia Asset Management’s fund manager survey, we ranked 12th out of 200 fund managers in Asia by AUM. As a result, as shown on slide 16, our brand is widely recognized in APAC, and brand matters to intermediary gatekeepers. We are very pleased that AB was ranked fourth in all of APAC in a recent study by Broadridge, punching well above our weight based on our AUM. As shown on tthey bottom right, we’re actively engaged and strong in digital and social dimensions and are focused on connecting with our customers through all media and channels. Next on slide 17, we discuss AB’s competitively advantaged position in Asia. Today, tthey importance of being early and in many instances, being a first mover in APAC shows. Tthey strength of our client relationships and tthey fact that AB services are offered on most platforms across APAC have allowed us to build an advantaged competitive position. We’ve grown our fee base at a 13% annualized rate since 2016, and Asia now represents 25% of AB’s annualized fee base, excluding tthey Bernstein Research business. As a percentage of AUM, APAC represents 18% of AB’s AUM, which is 2 times tthey U.S. and European peer group average. As you can see, Asia’s fast-growing significant piece of AB’s business. Moving on to slide 18. Tthey scale we have built and tthey discipline demonstrated in achieving it provides us with strong operating leverage, contributing positively to AB’s overall results. Relative to Asia peers, AB’s operating margins in Asia are more than 50% higtheyr than tthey peer group average, thanks to our size. From a cost perspective, we benefit from tthey scale of our diversified platform as our costs are more than 50% below tthey peer average. Ttheir has enabled us to drive continuous improvements in productivity on a net revenue per FTE basis. On tthey next slide, we show how AB’s Asian platform has evolved from its core strength as a market leader in fixed income. In Taiwan, a market wtheyre income is a highly sought feature, we are a market share leader. While leading with fixed income funds, we have leveraged ttheir brand strength to diversify our product platform into equity and multi-asset. As with our fixed income franctheire, equity AUM has also been achieved across tthey region. Japan has grown U.S. equity market share by 3 times in tthey past 5.5 years, AB’s U.S. equity service being an AUM market leader ttheyre. Our success in growing our equity AUM extends beyond Japan to ottheyr markets in APAC as well. As a result, since 2015, we have grown our AUM at a CAGR of 10% while diversifying across asset classes, geographies and channels. Today, our AUM is better balanced between equity and fixed income, retail and institutional, and across geographies. We have only strengttheyned our foundation and positioned ourselves for continued growth. Finally, turning to slide 20. While we take pride in tthey business we have built to date, we have multiple growth opportunities available to us in APAC. Our traditional strength in fixed income has been successfully extended into equity, but ttheyre remains significant opportunity to diversify within equity, much as we have done in fixed income. Ttheir has already begun with low vol equity and sustainable equity services, gaining traction as our distribution partners seek additional equity services for ttheyir platforms. Multi-asset and solutions in APAC present anottheyr significant opportunity, driven by tthey realization that fixed income alone cannot deliver desired returns and an increasing focus on achieving outcomes, rattheyr than outperforming benchmarks. Increasingly, we receive requests for custom solutions spanning both, tthey institutional and retail channels. We have plenty of runway atheyad of us in private bank channel, wtheyre ttheyre is consistent demand for both, public and private alternatives, as well as for customized solutions and responsible investment. Ttheyre has literally been a doubling in registered family office from 2019 to 2020 in just Singapore. Both, Singapore and Hong Kong, are promoting ttheymselves in a bid to attract ttheir business. We expect family offices as soptheirticated investors will look beyond traditional services and seek managers who can deliver differentiated, actively managed strategies, alternatives and customization while incorporating ESG in ttheyir decisions. Tthey recognition AB is getting for our RI capabilities, our partnership with tthey Earth Institute at Columbia University, and being a founding member of tthey Columbia Climate School is being well received by clients. All of ttheir plays well into our ability to engage institutional investors wtheyre penetration of asset management is growing. Half of institutions now say ttheyy consider ESG factors in hiring managers. Innovative products, efficient product delivery and a combination of local and cross-border fund platforms enable us to leverage our footprint. For example, tthey active ETF unit class launch in our Australian Managed Volatility Equity service positioned us to gain access to tthey advice component of tthey A$800 billion of self-managed super funds. AB is amongst tthey first group of foreign managers in China, seeking an onshore fund management company license. China is tthey second largest asset management market in tthey world, and FMC license would allow us to participate in tthey market expected to grow at over 10% per annum. And FMC license is foundational. And wtheyn eligible, AB may apply for furttheyr licenses, allowing us access to ottheyr segments of ttheir growing and underserviced asset management market. In summary, our time-tested diversified Asian business, given tthey competitive advantage that continues to benefit from a flywtheyel of growth. AB’s high brand recognition, coupled with its strong diverse product set, allows us to pursue multiple growth avenues in a dynamic market. We are tremendously excited about tthey opportunities looking forward. With that, I will turn it back to Ali to present tthey financials. Thank you. Ali Dibadj Thanks, Ajay. Let’s start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 22. Third quarter GAAP net revenues of $1.1 billion increased 21% from tthey prior year period; operating income of $280 million increased 29%; and operating margin of 25.7% increased by 160 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.89 in tthey quarter increased by 27% year-over-year. As always, I’ll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on slide 23, which I’ll touch on as we talk through tthey P&L shown on slide 24. On Slide 24, beginning with revenues. Net revenues of $884 million increased 22% for tthey third quarter versus tthey same prior year period. Base fees increased 22% for tthey third quarter versus tthey prior year period, reflecting 20% higtheyr average AUM, which grew at double-digit rates across all three distribution channels and a 1% higtheyr fee rate. Tthey third quarter fee rate of 38.8 basis points was slightly higtheyr sequentially. We continue to believe that although our fee rate may be volatile from time to time, given large mandates such as CRS that may skew averages, tthey long-term trend should be grinding higtheyr. Third quarter performance fees of $18 million increased by $11 million versus tthey prior year period, driven primarily by our private middle market lending business. Third quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services of $113 million increased by 15% from tthey third quarter of 2020, reflecting higtheyr client trading activity and research payments across all regions. Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total third quarter operating expenses of $603 million increased 18% year-over-year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 22% in tthey third quarter due primarily to higtheyr incentive compensation and secondarily due to higtheyr base compensation, both of which were driven by higtheyr revenues. As we guided to, compensation was 48% of adjusted net revenues for tthey third quarter, flat with tthey prior year period. At present, given current market conditions and our current expectations for tthey mix of fourth quarter performance fees, we do not expect tthey fourth quarter comp ratio to exceed 48.0%. As a reminder, tthey compensation ratio is sensitive to variability in tthey year-end mix of performance fee eligible funds. Promotion servicing costs increased 19% in tthey third quarter due primarily to higtheyr T&E, transfer fees and higtheyr marketing and firm meeting expenses. We expect travel and meeting-related expenses will continue to increase in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, though we note that business travel remains well below pre-COVID levels. All-in, G&A expenses increased by 12% in tthey third quarter versus tthey same prior year period or 9%, excluding Nashville and related relocation expenses. In tthey quarter, we continued to invest to support tthey organic growth of our business wtheyre we see returns, particularly in technology-related projects that expand our ability to service and grow our customer base. We also incurred return to office expenses as employees returned in July. That said, core inflation in G&A is now higtheyr in tthey mid-single-digit range with consulting and market data services contributing to tthey increase. We expect fourth quarter G&A expenses to remain elevated, reflecting Nashville and related relocation expenses, growth-related technology and product development costs and inflation in market data services, technology and professional fees. We continue to see good returns as we invest for growth and are managing tthey spend within tthey context of our long-term incremental margin targets. Within ottheyr expenses, intangible amortization expenses declined by $5 million from a year ago, once again, reflecting tthey absence of tthey theirtorical quarterly amortization charge associated with tthey Bernstein acquisition. Third quarter operating income of $281 million increased 30% versus tthey prior year period as revenue growth outpaced expense increases. Third quarter operating margin of 31.8% was up 210 basis points year-on-year, reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Tthey incremental third quarter margin was 41% as compared to tthey prior year period. We continue to manage tthey business to an incremental margin of 45% to 50%, not necessarily every year, but on average over time. Tthey third quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.7%. We continue to expect an effective tax rate for 2021 of between 5% and 5.5%. I’ll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville, which is going well. At quarter-end, we had 930 Nashville-based employees, nearly 75% of tthey way to our target of 1,250. For our major offices in tthey U.S. and EMEA, we began returning to tthey office in July, which included moving into our new downtown Nashville theyadquarters building. For tthey third quarter, estimated expense savings related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $12 million compared to transition costs of $7 million, resulting in a net $5 million increase in operating income or approximately $0.02 per unit. Of tthey net $5 million, approximately $9 million [ph] is compensation-related savings offset by $4 million of increased occupancy costs. For 2021, we expect accretion of approximately $0.04 per unit versus our prior guidance of $0.02 per unit, and we expect savings to be positive each year ttheyreafter. We expect ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025, once tthey transition is over to be in tthey range of $75 million to $80 million. Now, I’ll turn it back to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Ali. Turning to slide 26. In tthey third quarter, we continued to make progress on tthey dimensions we’ve previously outlined. We drove 5% annualized organic revenue growth, including a 1% increase in fee rate with net flows growing in each channel, led by active equities and municipals. We secured our first third-party client for our Equitable backed European commercial real estate debt platform and priced our third CLO also with tthey backing of Equitable. We drove theyalthy incremental margins in tthey third quarter and are on track with our long-term goal for tthey nine months of tthey year. As a partnership, we have a relatively low tax rate, and we will pay a distribution of $0.89 per unit for tthey third quarter for a robust trailing 12-month yield to 7% in a low-rate environment. With that, we are pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Rick Roy Hi, everyone. Ttheir is actually Rick Roy filling in for Dan. I hope you guys are doing well today. I had a question actually on tthey alternatives. Of course, you have highlighted it shown strong growth coming from private wealth channel. I was just curious how are you guys looking at demand from non-private wealth channels? Are you guys seeing flows become more diversified? And kind of on that point, wtheyttheyr it’s retail or ottheyrwise, what sort of funds are you guys in tthey market raising AUM for outside sort of European commercial real estate fund that you guys have highlighted? So, yes, I was curious on those points. Seth Bernstein Sure. Thanks, Rick, for tthey question. And thanks for focusing on private alternatives, which is a really important and growing part of both our business and it sounds like tthey industry as well. So, recall, we have north of $20 billion now in our broader private alternatives business. We continue to see that growing at a very, very good pace, not only in tthey businesses that we have right now, commercial real estate debt you mentioned, or middle market direct lending business as well, we have a U.S. and European real estate debt business as well as ottheyrwise, but also in adjacencies of those that we’re building as well, and we expect that to continue to grow and have a lot of faith in it. From a channel perspective, it’s pretty well diversified, actually. About a quarter of tthey AUM right now is in -- is from tthey private wealth business that we have, and ttheyn 75% of it roughly is from tthey institutional channel. Tthey institutional channel being both, third party as well as our partners with Equitable and ottheyrs in insurance, particularly. So, we think that that diversification theylps us both in terms of broader diversification in product as well as in channel. To your question of what’s around tthey corner? Look, ttheyre’s lots around tthey corner for us. Again, as I mentioned at tthey outset, we have high hopes for that business. We continue to want to grow it and diversify it both from a product perspective and a channel perspective, including down tthey line, certainly, hopefully, not overnight, but over time in retail as well. So, thanks for tthey question. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill Katz Joined a couple of minutes late, so I apologize, if you may have covered ttheir in your prepared commentary. Just coming back to tthey recently announced $10 billion permanent capital initiative with Equitable. One, does tthey leadership change ttheyre, changed anything? I presume not. But secondly, can you give us an update of maybe wtheyre you stand in terms of transitioning tthey existing book and build in tthey second book, and maybe even some third-party opportunities beyond that? Seth Bernstein Sure. Thanks very much. Yes. So, on tthey $10 billion agreement we have with Equitable to see a lot of our capital in private alternatives. Just a reminder, rough numbers, around half of that will be a reallocation of wtheyre ttheyy’ve invested right now with us and tthey ottheyr half will be new capital brought to bear to see things that we expect to grow. And if you remember, a couple of quarters ago, Matt Bass, who runs that business, went through our growth trajectories. And think about growing 4x to 5x roughly of what we’ve done theirtorically, and we continue to believe that we can deliver that for our clients, most importantly and also for our shareholders. That process is in tthey early stages at $10 million in tthey early stages right now. We’re working togettheyr with Equitable to figure out what asset classes ttheyy want to expand into, wtheyttheyr it be areas that we have right now or areas that we want to go into, obviously, and grow those businesses. So, we’re still working on that front. And so far, tthey progress is going very well and exactly as planned. I think you’ll start to theyar more about it in 2022. To your very specific question about tthey change in leadership, that does not change anything to those plans, both Equitable and AB, tthey virtuous cycle that we can both create and are both creating and expect that to be a bigger driver of our growth in private alternatives. Bill Katz Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up I’m going to try to squeeze tthey second part, and I apologize. But I appreciate tthey added color and context of tthey Asia-Pac portfolio. And I certainly appreciate you saying that your fee rate should grind up from theyre overall. But, can you unpack that a little bit? How does Asia-Pac’s platform compare to maybe tthey rest of tthey asset management platform on a fee rate and margin perspective? And ttheyn, unrelatedly, as you look to G&A for next year, how should we think about tthey growth rate given what you gave guidance on for tthey fourth quarter? Thank you. Ali Dibadj Why don’t I start and ttheyn maybe Ajai and Seth can ctheme in as well. So, to tthey first part of your question, on tthey fee rate, I think as you saw in some of tthey Ajai’s slides, which hopefully were theylpful and gave you a little bit of a spotlight on tthey business we’re very proud of. Tthey delivery of tthey products, obviously, from a fee rate perspective depends on both tthey channels and tthey actual products that we deliver, right? And if you look at tthey products that we’re delivering, certainly tthey shift to active equities in that marketplace and tthey partnership we have with wonderful distributors ttheyre that deliver to tthey end clients with us, you would expect that tthey fee rate will be higtheyr from a mix perspective for us from that region. And your expectations would be true for us. And again, as long as we deliver tthey right product in tthey right channel to our clients, we believe that we will be rewarded with resistant fee rates in that marketplace. And again, we’re managing tthey mix across tthey board. From, I guess, G&A perspective, if that’s tthey second part of your question, Bill. Look, ttheyre are a couple of things we can go into, right? So, pure tax [ph] from a G&A, you saw ttheir quarter was about a 12% year-on-year increase. If you look at that and disaggregate it, about 3 points of that 12% increase was in Nashville relocation. We’ve been pretty clear, hopefully, telegraphing that. So, 12% growth goes to something like 9% growth. Again, tthey Nashville move, delivering really good savings already ttheir year at approximately $0.04 and we hope continue to be positive as we go forward in terms of savings ttheyre. So, that’s part of that move with those investments we have to make. Now, we’re left with kind 9% growth on a year-on-year basis. And I disaggregate that into two areas. One area are investments we’re making deliberately to deliver for our customers. In particular, we’ve invested in ttheir quarter, and I think some of tthey investments will continue in delivering to our clients globally in a more digitally forward manner. We believe those are giving us really great returns already, and those are deliberate investments from a technology perspective that we want to continue, and that’s a part of that -- of tthey 9% that’s left. And those are deliberate decisions, right? Product development decisions as well in ttheyre. Ttheyre is a chunk of that 9% that’s left that we wish we didn’t have, right? It’s not our choice. That’s inflationary pressures that are ttheyre. And gosh, I’ll tell you that tthey inflationary pressures for all of us, and I’m not sure ttheir is inconsistent with what some of our peers would say, have certainly crept up. So, tthey high end of tthey mid-single-digit range is how I think about tthey inflation rate ttheyse days. So, I think 4% to 6% is tthey mid-single digits. We’re kind of at tthey higtheyr end of that. That’s things like market data services, that’s things like recruiting costs, et cetera. And we don’t see that dissipating over time. So, to your question, that’s tthey disaggregation in ttheir quarter. And if you think about in Q4, we would not expect that growth rate to be any less than what we’ve seen year-on-year in Q3. In fact, I think it’s a safe bet to believe, given tthey ROIs were getting some of ttheyse investments that tthey year-on-year growth in G&A for Q4 would be north of what we saw in Q3. Hopefully, that answers kind of chunks of your questions. I don’t know, Ajai, Seth tthey ottheyr things you guys might want to add. Ajai Kaul I’m not sure I have a lot more to add, Ali, but to tthey point that we are focused on continuing to diversify our equity services in tthey region, that should certainly support tthey fee rate -- tthey average fee rate and tthey mix ttheyre. And to tthey point that I made about continued demand or conversations on multi-asset services solutions and customization. If we succeed in those conversations and bring those assets on, that’s also beneficial to tthey average fee rate. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of John Dunn with Evercore. John Dunn Maybe one on Private Wealth Management. You guys have talked about kind of a dichotomy between legacy clients outflowing and also high net worth liking new products. Maybe can you talk about that push and pull, wtheyre we are in tthey short term and ttheyn in tthey medium term as a way to keep all three legs in tthey stool contributing to growth? Kate Burke Sure. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Kate Burke theyre. But, we continue to see a strong mix shift towards tthey ultra high net worth business, which we categorize as sort of $20 billion -- or $20 million or greater, and that is growing at a faster rate -- organic growth rate than tthey rest of our organization, sort of mid single digits versus tthey 2% to 3% that we’ve put up as a net organic growth rate right now. And I think that’s largely attributed to a couple of intentional things we’re doing around segmentation. So one is, wtheyre we have ttheyse complex, high-value clients, and ttheyy tend to have opportunities and that is often -- and Seth messaged ttheir in their comments around those pre-liquidity events. We think that tthey wealth advice and tthey work we’re doing with those clients is differentiated and enables us to be really an independent valued advisor to that client base. So, we continue to do tthey thought leadership in that area and drive that. But even more broadly, is ttheir overall investment we’re also making in our asset allocation and tthey addition of tthey alternative and ESG into our SMA platform, to see things like portfolio with purpose, continuing to be adopted and growing well. It’s a little over $6 billion right now. That’s up 75% year-over-year. You’ve seen tthey alternatives business development, as we mentioned in earlier comments and doubling year-over-year. And we think that that continues to support our movement into that ultra high net worth space. That being said, tthey core platform continues to be very strong in terms of tthey full breadth of offering we have to that broader time base. And so you’ll continue to see segmentation for us being affluent our kind of traditional core client and ttheyn continue to grow in that ultra-high net worth space, I think over time, with a different -- and we’ll continue to invest in improving that offering as well as differentiating among those different segments. John Dunn Got you. And ttheyn, maybe one looking out furttheyr. As you build tthey China business over a bunch of years, what do you think -- what strategies might do you think might be in demand in that market? And do you think it’s going to be a different kind of market than tthey rest of Asia, product-wise? Ajai Kaul Well, I think tthey market lends itself to active management. And so, we would expect to see ourselves launch a number of different active services in that market, leading off with probably an equity service. Ttheyre are -- tthey market ttheyre is theyavily focused in money market funds as well as hybrid funds, which are a mix of equity and fixed income funds. So, differentiated multi-asset services, equity, and at some point, customized or solution-type services would be tthey ones that we probably launch in China. So, you would see probably a number of services that looked like what we are selling in tthey rest of APAC, but we would certainly customize to tthey needs of tthey domestic market. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Stheyriq Sumar Hi. Ttheir is Stheyriq Sumar filling in for Alex. My question is on tthey Bernstein, tthey research revenues. Pretty strong growth in ttheir quarter. So, I was just seeing if you can provide some color as to how much was it from increased client engagement or more client onboarding versus trading volumes? And if you can just spell out as to what’s tthey strategy for ttheir segment within tthey U.S. and even outside tthey U.S. as well? Like we saw pretty strong growth in Asia and in Europe. Thank you. Seth Bernstein Hi. It’s Seth. Thank you for tthey question. It was a strong quarter for Bernstein Research. Most of that was attributable to volume, particularly into September wtheyre we saw choppier markets, ttheyir activity levels rise in that context. Keep in mind that overall in tthey third quarter, U.S. volumes -- industry volumes were down a bit, but Europe and Asia were up pretty strongly. So, it was a nice offset for tthey business, given ttheir diversification. And as you point out, Asia continues to grow quite rapidly for us. Tthey ottheyr area wtheyre we were seeing was pretty strong receipt of ctheycks for subscription research services, which is important, particularly, of course, in Europe, and that will continue. But, we are volume sensitive. And so, unless we saw a pickup in volatility again I wouldn’t necessarily see that element of it repeating. Look, our strategy is to continue to differentiate ourselves with fundamental research. And wtheyre we’ve been spending time and focus is by broadening our offerings in Asia in particular and also in Europe. So, we feel that tthey business continues to gain recognition for its distinctive approach. We have a point of view, which people want to see, but tthey secular competitive challenges of tthey research business remain. And while ttheir will be a stronger year, particularly for those firms that have an IPO calendar or a prime brokerage business attactheyd to it, for us, it’s been a pretty strong year, based on tthey quality of tthey research and trading support we’ve provided. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Robert Lee with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Robert Lee Great. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Just real quickly. In tthey Private Wealth business, you highlighted -- one of tthey things you highlighted was tthey success you’re having with your tax loss harvesting portfolio? And can you talk about ability or interest of rolling that out more broadly, just kind of clearly that seems to be a very popular and hot growth area for tthey broader wealth management industry. So, maybe touch on that first. Kate Burke Well, I can start from tthey Private Wealth perspective. Yes, ttheyre are two things I think that are happening ttheyre. One is from Bernstein Wealth perspective, we have had a very strong tax aware campaign to highlight that diverse offering across tthey different asset classes. And so, that has enabled I think in many ways for that product to be positioned very well in tthey marketplace. And we are looking within Private Wealth for furttheyr extensions of that product into that channel. In terms of taking it furttheyr, I’ll turn to Seth or ottheyrs to opine on tthey timing or questions around that. Seth Bernstein Look, it’s a question we think about a lot. I mean, it fits very nicely in Bernstein Research because much of what Bernstein has always done has been an SMA form, which has allowed us to be quite aggressive in tax management. And we just thought that wtheyn we looked at what was publicly available out ttheyre, we thought we could build something that was as good or better for our clients. And we’re really proud of tthey team having put it in place. And we do think about wtheyre ttheyir commercial applications were beyond us. But what we’re -- come as to what tthey opportunities are given tthey competition out ttheyre. That being said, I think that tthey real opportunity is customized indexing, which I think is going to continue to grow, and it’s going to grow within both, private wealth in our business, but I think also among RIAs and ottheyrs in tthey business more broadly, and ttheir is an area we focus on and think about how we participate. Robert Lee Great. And ttheyn, maybe just a quick follow-up. So, I mean, you’ve had obviously more success than tthey most and continuing to inflow into your active equities business. And I’m just curious, particularly within U.S. retail, obviously, performance theylps -- can’t do it without performance. But, is ttheyre anything else that you could point to maybe specifically in tthey U.S., do you feel, wtheyttheyr it’s your size, scale, distribution footprint that’s kind of theylped you maybe buck tthey trend a bit more? Because even some peers with good performance are struggling to get any kind of inflows. So, any additional color ttheyre? Seth Bernstein Well, look, I mean, I think good performance is table stakes, and I think your question implies it. And so, we agree with that, but we are blessed with it. We’ve also had interesting products beyond large cap growth, which has been a real strong player for us in tthey domestic U.S. market, wtheyttheyr it’s sustainable U.S. ttheymatic or ottheyr portfolios of purpose that seem to resonate with clients. And I think that’s maybe tthey important attribute. We have developed a number of strategies wtheyre clients want tthey return stream and can’t replicate it through passive management. And we have a differentiated return stream that speaks to ttheym, particularly people who are building model portfolios and ottheyrs who are looking for diversification within ttheyir existing models. And so, I think given that we were perhaps under scale in equities for a while and we’ve had products and tthey clients really value that diversification, I think that’s played to our strength, domestically. But, I think our calling effort is very thoughtful and increasingly tech enabled. And so, I think we’re seeing better efficiencies ttheyre and being more timely and engaging with clients. But, I don’t think ttheyre’s a silver bullet theyre. I think it’s a lot of different functions working very effectively togettheyr. And so, I guess, that’s my answer. I don’t know, Ali, if you have a different view or additional… Ali Dibadj No, I think that’s great. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I’ll turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Thank you, Misty. Thanks everyone for participating in our conference call ttheir morning. Feel free to reach out and contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. And have a great rest of your day. Goodbye. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.