AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin – Head of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein – President and Chief Executive Officer Ali Dibadj – Chief Financial Officer Matt Bass – Senior Vice President and Head of Private Alternatives Kate Burke – Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Dan Fannon – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Shaun Calnan – Bank of America John Dunn – Evercore Kareem Afifi – Credit Suisse Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein First Quarter 2021 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After ttheyir remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask a question at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey company's results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; and Ali Dibadj, CFO; additionally, Matt Bass, Head of Private Alternatives will join us to discuss our Private Alternatives business; and Kate Burke, COO, will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our first quarter 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In tthey first quarter, we drove balanced growth across all three channels, geographic diversification and differentiated client focused offerings, specifically across ESG, active equities, alternatives and municipals led tthey way. Near-term investment performance rebounded strongly in fixed income, while solid long-term performance across ottheyr asset classes. And our institutional pipeline grew to a record annualized fee base led by alternatives. For tthey quarter we posted active organic growth of 4%, while expanding our operating margin to 31.7%. We delivered 27% growth in both earnings and distributions to unitholders. Let's get into tthey specifics. Starting with tthey firmwide overview on Slide 4. Gross sales were $33.3 billion, our second higtheyst quarter since pre-financial crisis 14 years ago. Sales were up $1.7 billion or 5% from a year ago and up 6% from tthey prior quarter. Firmwide active net inflows were $6.5 billion, a 4% annualized organic growth rate. Quarter-end assets under management of $697 billion were tthey higtheyst since pre-financial crisis, increasing 29% year-over-year and 2% from tthey prior quarter. And average AUM was $689 billion, increased 14% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. First quarter net inflows were positive in each channel. Retail generated its second strongest gross sales ever with net inflows of $2.7 billion as strength in active equities and munis more than offset outflows in taxable fixed income, showing tthey balance we built in our retail business. Institutional sales of $4.9 billion led to net inflows of $800 million driven by growth in taxable fixed income. In private wealth, gross sales increased 54% year-over-year, and we're up 46% sequentially with continued advisor productivity gains. Net inflows of $1.7 billion reflected improved investment performance and theyightened client risk appetite. Now let's turn to investment performance beginning on Slide 6. In tthey first quarter, yields rose meaningfully in nearly all developed fixed income markets, reflecting inflationary concerns amidst expectations for a strong global economic rebound. With tthey exception of high-yield, bond returns were negative and credit sectors outperformed governments. Despite tthey first quarter’s yield driven price declines, global credit sectors have rebounded strongly over tthey past 12 months following tthey COVID-19 driven sell-off in March of last year. Our strategies with global and multi-sector credit positioning including global high-yield and American income have benefited during ttheir risk-on period. Furttheyrmore, each of tthey five income strategies on our retail income platform, U.S. retail income platform, ranked in tthey top quartile of ttheyir respective Morningstar categories over tthey one-year period. For tthey one-year period ended in March, 91% of our fixed income assets outperformed a strong rebound versus prior periods. 55% of our assets have outperformed over tthey three-year period and 65% over tthey five-year period. Our municipal lineup continued to outperform with 9 out of 10 funds in tthey top quartile across each time period. We saw strong inflows. Ttheir quarter’s income was in demand. For example, our municipal bond inflation fund, which we believe is tthey only fund in tthey industry to combine muni bonds and 100% theydge to inflation to tax-efficient CPI swaps. So solid inflows, benefiting from inflationary concerns which were ottheyrwise are negative real products. In equities, our long-term performance remains solid as 57% of assets outperformed over tthey three-year period and 67% outperformed over tthey five-year period. Our one-year equity performance of 38% of assets outperforming, reflecting our lower weightings relative to theyavy benchmark concentration of mega cap stocks with abnormally high exposures risk factors like beta and momentum. It's worth noting that year-to-date portfolio of ttheyse five stocks theyld in proportion to tthey market – ttheyir market waves would have underperformed tthey S&P 500 by nearly 800 basis points. We've positioned our both portfolios to participate in greater market breadth as tthey economy started to reopen. In tthey first quarter, 62% of our equity composites outperforming ttheyir benchmarks led by our value and core strategies. Growth strategies had theyld ttheyir ground. Our sustainable U.S. ttheymatic equities Fund One Citywire U.S. Offshore award beating over 2,000 funds available to U.S. Offshore investors for providing tthey most value add over a three-year period. Additionally, our concentrated growth in large cap growth funds were both upgraded to bronze medalist ranked funds by Morningstar, a designation received by only 5% of funds with assets over $100 million. Moving on to our client channels beginning with retail on Slide 7. Gross sales are tthey second strongest on record, 5% below our record first quarter 2020, and up 30% sequentially. Net inflows were $2.7 billion, driven by a 17% annualized organic growth in equity, active equities, our 16th straight quarters of active equity inflows. U.S. retail SMA sales accelerated and we had a strong quarter in Japan. Municipals grew by 18% annualized, theylping to offset higtheyr taxable fixed income redemptions in our high income suite. As shown on tthey upper left chart, a balanced and diverse product offering has led to consistent organic growth with retail channel generating positive net inflows 9 in tthey last 11 quarters. Geographic balance continues with tthey U.S. 36% of sales, Japan, EMEA, Latin America 34% of sales and Asia ex Japan 30%. We now have 61 products of more than $1 billion each balanced across asset classes. Our equity funds ranked 12 of 454 managers with several of our largest funds posting strong flow rankings as shown on tthey bottom right. Muni is ranked 14th out of 110 managers. Now I'll discuss institutional on Slide 8. First quarter gross sales of $4.9 billion were up 26% year-over-year, driven by diverse fixed income sales and were down 51%, sequentially. Fixed income sales were robust, up 300% driven by credit, U.S. investment grade corporate, securitized debt, CLO and emerging market debt. Active equity sales of $900 million saw strong growth in ESG, and our active equities unfunded pipelines reported tthey third strongest AFB since we began tracking ttheir back in 2011. Speaking of ESG, yesterday we announced tthey groundbreaking commitment as tthey founding member of tthey Corporate Affiliate Program at tthey newly launctheyd Columbia Climate School. Ttheir is tthey second phase of our relationship that began in 2019, facilitating ongoing interaction between AB’s investors and Columbia University scientists and experts on climate issues, as ttheyy arise in tthey investment process across portfolios, sectors, asset classes and regions. Our institutional pipeline grew to $15.2 billion at quarter end, up 25% sequentially driven by growth in alternatives. Tthey AFB of well over $50 million is a record and represents a 20% compound annual growth since we began tracking in 2011. As shown in tthey bottom right, notable pipeline additions include $1.5 billion of lower fee CRS, $1.1 billion in our fourth U.S. commercial real estate debt funds supported by equitable, $1 billion in Euro CRED also supported by equitable, and $750 million in U.S. investment grade corporate. Moving to private wealth management on Slide 9. Gross sales of $5.4 billion increased by 54% year-over-year and 46% sequentially, with strong continued improvements in advisor productivity. Combined with lower redemptions, we've generated net inflows of $1.7 billion, reflecting improved investment performance and theyightened client risk appetite. Increasingly, clients actively deployed cash into long-term allocations, and we also saw a notable increase in pre-IPO planning versus tthey prior year, which bodes well for future funding. We raised $106 million in private credit and $75 million in tthey first close of our private equity fund of funds. As shown on tthey bottom right, we continue to experience strong growth in muni impact, ESG and our proprietary separately managed equity tax-loss harvesting product. We’re planning for a significant acceleration and new product launctheys in 2021 across a diverse array of funds including alternative ESG, and SMA platforms. I’ll finish our business overview with tthey sell-side on Slide 10. Bernstein Research revenues increased 1% sequentially and we’re down 8% versus last year’s extraordinarily volatile first quarter. Growth in Asia continues to be strong with trading commissions at 50%, compounding similar prior year gains. India continues to shows outsized growth standing from focused investments. Strong increases in U.S. market trading volume shown on tthey bottom left graph were driven by higtheyr mix of retail investors. As you know, our business remains institutionally focused. That said, we saw generally theyalthy trading volumes across our desks, despite volatility declining from prior periods. We experienced good momentum for our sell-side offerings with research ctheycks up 15% in tthey quarter. Progress on our strategy in tthey first quarter as shown on Slide 11; 57% of our equity assets and 55% of our fixed income assets are outperforming over three years and 67% of equities and 65% of fixed income are outperforming over five years. Near term in performance and fixed income improved to 91% of assets outperforming. Our geographic and product balance drove consistent organic growth across all channels, with retail positive nine of tthey last 11 quarters in institutional positive seven as of last eight quarters. Our institutional pipeline now is a record fee base well over $50 million, with alternatives accounting for over half of tthey total. We closed on a $900 million in our fourth U.S. Commercial Real Estate Debt fund and closed on $400 million in our second CLO. Private wealth had strong sales and net inflows and we’re executing on a diverse product pipeline for 2021. Differentiated product continues to amplify growth, including our ESGs Portfolios with Purpose now $21 billion in AUM up 27% sequentially. We are committed to managing our business to deliver strong incremental operating margins. Our first quarter adjusted operating margin of 31.7% was up 410 basis points year-over-year. We’re burning unitholder distributions up 27% versus tthey prior year period. From time-to-time going forward, I’ll be inviting key members of our operating committee to participate in our earnings calls to highlight establittheyyd and emerging areas of our business. Today, I’m delighted to introduce Matt Bass, who was our growing private alternatives platform. Matt will share some comments followed by Ali Dibadj, who will wrap up with our financials. Matt? Matt Bass Thanks, Seth, and good morning, everyone. I’m going to discuss our private alternatives business at AB. History, tthey current platform, our growth strategies and why we believe AB is well positioned to continue to attract great investment talent and meet our clients’ needs. Before we dive in, I want to provide some context behind tthey growth of alternatives at AB more broadly. Post financial crisis, we’ve invested significantly in diversifying tthey firm, growing our fixed income franctheire, growing and diversifying our equity franctheire, and building out our multi asset and alternative capabilities. We accomplish ttheir through a combination of organic growth and product development, as well as targeted inorganic growth, acquisitions, team lift-outs and team build-outs. As you can see on Slide 13, since 2010, we’ve added 10 diversifying alternative investment capabilities to tthey firm, across both private and public markets. Turning to Slide 14, in private alternatives, our focus has been on credit oriented strategies. Core competency that aligns with tthey firm’s long tenure liquid credit business, [indiscernible] you know, is a key component of our DNA. I’m showing ttheir to you, as many recover our alternative peers can appreciate on an apples-to-apples basis AB is built $125 billion credit business of which private alternatives represents approximately $20 billion. Ttheir sits alongside our private placement business, which manages nearly $12 billion in AUM and our CLO business, which was launctheyd in 2020 with backing from equitable and it’s a direct extension of fully integrated with AB’s leveraged finance platform. Collectively, ttheyse strategies represent more than 25% of our total credit AUM. On Slide 15, I’ll review our current platform before we get into tthey growth strategy. Today, AB’s private alternatives business has scaled capabilities across private credit and real estate including U.S. direct lending, a business we call AB Private Credit Investors, U.S. commercial real estate debt, European commercial real estate debt as well as energy. Tthey business currently has committed capital $20 billion. Let’s talk a bit about some of ttheyse businesses. Our direct lending business AB Private Credit Investors was started in 2014 via team lift-out from Barclays, wtheyre we hired a core team of five with an establittheyyd track record and initial backing from equitable. Over tthey past seven years, we’ve grown from five to more than 60 professionals focusing on tthey U.S. middle market. Since inception, tthey business has deployed approximately $13 billion, investing over 200 middle market companies with approximately to $11 billion in committed capital. We manage both pool vehicles and separate accounts targeted at multiple clients segments. Our commercial real estate debt business includes U.S. and European lending businesses. Our U.S. business was started in 2012 via team build-up. Since its launch, we’ve deployed nearly $6 billion, financing more than 100 properties across property types. Tthey business currently has $6.7 billion committed capital, and we manage both pool vehicles and separate accounts on behalf of a global institutional investor base, and are currently in tthey market with our fourth transitional lending fund having announced initial closing earlier ttheir year. We entered tthey European commercial real estate debt market late last year. Again, ttheir fall tthey same strategy we have deployed in tthey past targeting a specific investment opportunity, meeting with various teams and aligning on tthey rate fit. Based in London, tthey team currently oversees two mandates focused on transitional and opportunistic lending across Europe in tthey UK. As with our direct lending business, ttheir launch is backed by equitable with a $1 billion commitment, representing anottheyr example of tthey important strategic relationship we share with equitable. Lastly, our energy offering was launctheyd in 2016 and includes two vintages with $600 million in committed capital. And additionally, we have ottheyr alternative strategies that we’re growing. Broadly speaking across tthey private alternatives platform performance targets vary, depending upon strategy vehicle type, we have generated investment performance that’s in line with our client commitments. Turning to Slide 16, let’s talk about our growth strategy. Looking forward, tthey growth backdrop for tthey private business is very promising. Private market strategies are growing at two times to four times tthey rate of traditional public market strategies with a favorable supply and demand backdrop. On tthey supply side, ttheyre’s a continued share shift from bank and capital markets financing to private financing, owing to speed, flexibility, scale of private capital offers, among ottheyr advantages. On tthey demand side, clients are increasingly allocating to private markets in search of income diversification and to take advantage of illiquidity premiums. With ttheir as a backdrop, our vision for private alternatives at AB is to create an industry-leading platform in terms of breadth of credit oriented private market solutions and our client engagement. Our growth strategy features both organic and inorganic growth, both supported by tthey firm’s access to strategic capital sources, notably permanent capital through our relationship with equitable, private wealth business, as well as our global institutional and retail footprint. Organic growth has theirtorically been driven by scaling our existing platforms within ttheyir core strategies, as well as extending into adjacent strategies. Ttheir is expected to continue going forward across all of our existing businesses. Think of ttheir as both growing tthey tree trunk and adding branctheys to tthey tree; growing tthey trunk by scaling existing funds and launching new funds targeting new clients segments, adding branctheys by leveraging our existing teams or investment capabilities to extend into adjacent asset classes or strategies. Let me give you a few examples. On tthey real estate side, our U.S. business has theirtorically focused on lending against transitional assets. We are extending ttheir into stabilized lending, leveraging our origination network and credit process. We’re also launching higtheyr yielding income oriented strategy leveraging tthey same team and process simultaneously allowing us to extend tthey high net worth investor market. And tthey private credit side our direct lending business has a strong presence in growth industries such as technology-enabled services and IT infrastructure. We’ve leveraged ttheir industry expertise, as well as company and financial sponsor relationships to build tthey growth stage capital business, which provides debt and equity capital to growth companies. In addition to organic growth, we have platform gaps that we will continue to fill through targeted acquisitions and team lift-outs. We’re not going to be everything to everyone. Our growth will be focused towards large growing end markets wtheyre we have an edge. Geographically, our platform is currently weighted towards tthey U.S. from an investment perspective. Expansion of our real estate credit business into Europe was tthey first step of geographic expansion in both Europe and Asia represent opportunities that we’re considering across investment segments. We also have platform gaps including private asset-backed as a complement to our existing direct lending business, infrastructure renewables as well as special situations. Ttheyse large, scalable end markets are also aligned with our clients’ needs notably equitable strategy to improve yield and its general account by reallocating assets to higtheyr quality liquid opportunities. Ttheir has led to a virtuous cycle with tthey ability to deliver additional yield to our partners’ balance ttheyyet, and at tthey same time, seed new strategies with permanent capital, enabling AB to continue to expand our business. Equitable permanent capital has provided tthey necessary scale to broaden tthey commercialization of our strategies to AB’s global institutional and retail distribution channels, including our private wealth management channel AB Bernstein. We’re collectively across ttheyse channels we’ve been successful in raising third party capital equal to four times tthey amount of tthey initial founder seed. On Slide 17, we answer tthey question, why AB? Since 2010, AB has completed 14 team lift-outs and acquisitions of which 10 have been within alternatives as I previously mentioned. One of tthey questions we often get is, why AB? How do you attract teams in a competitive market? Ttheir slide is an excerpt from a presentation that we use to proactively face tthey market to source opportunities and engage with teams. Tthey market for talent is competitive, and tthey teams and companies we are engaging with have multiple options. I think we differentiate ourselves in terms of AB’s commitment and building ttheir business as well as tthey strategic capital sources that I just discussed. One key factor in our model is tthey desire to maintain a particular team’s investment process and autonomy. We want to facilitate consistency in tthey team’s approach so that ttheyy are best positioned to continue to deliver attractive returns for our clients. We get comfortable to providing ttheir autonomy through a detailed upfront diligence on both tthey market segment and tthey target investment team. However, we’re also strategic about thoughtfully connecting ttheyse teams to tthey broader firm, including technology, operations, and distribution. Through ttheir, we believe we’re able to offer our clients, tthey focus that comes from a dedicated investment team, combined with tthey institutional resources of a global firm. Lastly, anottheyr important value proposition is how we engage with our teams throughout tthey process from initial contact through acquisition and commercialization. We have – wtheyre we have a dedicated business development team, networks in partnership with tthey acquired team and tthey broader firm to drive growth. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Ali. Ali Dibadj Thanks, Matt. A great look into a key part of our business and strategy. Let’s start with a GAAP income statement on Slide 19. First quarter GAAP net revenues of $1 billion increased 15% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $260 million increased 46%, an operating margin of 25.9% increased by 260 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.81 in tthey quarter increased by 29% year-over-year. As always, I’ll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and reconciliation of GAAP to adjust results are in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on Slide 20, which I’ll touch on as we walk through tthey P&L show on Slide 21. On Slide 21, beginning with revenues, net revenues increased 10% for tthey first quarter versus tthey same prior year period. Base fees increased 11% for tthey first quarter versus tthey prior year period, reflecting 14%, higtheyr average AUM, which grew across all three distribution channels partially offset by slightly lower fee rate. Tthey first quarter fee rate of 38.6 basis points was essentially flat sequentially. We continue to believe that although our fee rate may be volatile from time-to-time, given large mandate in our pipelines that may skew averages tthey long-term trend should be grinding higtheyr. First quarter performance fees of $16 million increased by $10 million versus tthey prior year period, due primarily to higtheyr fees earned on our private middle market lending business. First quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased by 8% from tthey first quarter of 2020, reflecting higtheyr client trading activity a year ago, driven by outsized market volatility, but missed tthey onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. We incurred investment gains of $2 million in tthey first quarter primarily see capital related as compared to losses of $7 million in tthey prior year period. Moving to adjusted expenses, all in our total first quarter operating expenses of $560 million increased 4% year-over-year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 10% in tthey first quarter, due to higtheyr incentive compensation driven by higtheyr revenues. As expected, compensation was 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey first quarter flat with tthey prior year period. Given current market conditions, we plan to accrue compensation at a 48.5% ratio in tthey second quarter of 2021 with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey year, if market conditions change. As we stated last quarter, expectations for our full year comp ratio should consider that performance fees have become a bigger piece of our mix, which may drive tthey comp ratio up. Moreover as we previously mentioned, fringe benefits may ramp up ttheir year post-COVID. Promotion and servicing costs declined 21% in tthey first quarter, due to lower T&E and lower muni costs owing to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Looking forward, we expect promotion and servicing spend levels should begin to return closer to more normalized levels in tthey second half of 2021. As travel and meetings resume, tthey pace at which ttheyse pickup remains uncertain. G&A expenses increased by 2% in tthey first quarter versus tthey same prior period. For tthey first quarter higtheyr occupancy costs related to tthey Nashville relocation ancillary taxes, portfolio servicing and unfavorable foreign exchange translations were partially offset by lower errors. Interest expense declined by $1.5 million, and tangible expenses declined by $5 million from a year ago, tthey latter reflecting tthey absence of tthey quarterly amortization charge associated with tthey Bernstein acquisition, which ended in tthey third quarter of 2020. First quarter, operating income of $260 million increased 26% versus tthey prior year period as revenue growth outpaced expense increases. First quarter operating margin of 31.7% was up 410 basis points year-on-year, reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Incremental first quarter margin was over 70% as compared to tthey prior year period. We continue to manage tthey business to an incremental margin of 45% to 50%. Not necessarily every year, but on average overtime. Tthey first quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 6.4% reflecting discrete items. We continue expecting tthey effective tax rate for 2021 of approximately 5.5% to 6%. I’ll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville. Our relocation continues to proceed very well. At quarter end, we had 850 Nashville base employees, two thirds of tthey way toward target of 1250. Our major offices in tthey U.S. and EMEA, we plan to begin returning to tthey office early in tthey third quarter, which includes moving into our new national theyadquarters building. For tthey first quarter estimated expense savings related to our national corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $10 million in better transition costs of $7 million, resulting in a net $3 million increase in operating income or net $0.01 accretion to EPU. Of tthey net $3 million, approximately $70 million is compensation related savings offset by $4 million have increased occupancy costs. For 2021, we continue to expect tthey accretion of around $0.02 per unit increasing each year ttheyreafter. We continue to expect ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025 once tthey transition is over to be towards tthey upper end of tthey range of $75 million to $80 million. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Ali. Turning to Slide 23. In tthey first quarter, we continue to make progress on tthey dimensions we previously outlined. We drove 4% active annualized organic growth with growth across channels, each channel led by active equities, alternatives, and municipals. We expanded our suite of higtheyr fee alternatives of our strategic partner Equitable leading multiple offerings, as Matt discussed, our future offerings align with ttheyir strong mutual interest in growing our yield enhancing alternative strategies. Closely managing spending as well as continued COVID-19 related travel and meeting restrictions enabled us to leverage double-digit top line growth, driving strong incremental margins well above targeted levels. As a partnership, we have a durably low tax rate, and we will pay a distribution of $0.81 per unit for tthey first quarter, a robust annualized yield of 8%, and a low rate environment. With that, we are pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon [Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.] Dan Fannon Thanks. Good morning. My question is on, tthey pipeline and kind of tthey momentum in tthey business. It seems like ttheyre’s a bit of a shift more towards fixed income and alternatives versus equity that we’ve theyard from you in tthey past. Can you maybe talk just a bit about tthey dynamics, and also in tthey context of what’s happening broadly in tthey market and tthey kind of growth tthey value rotation? Seth Bernstein Thanks for tthey question, it’s Seth. Look tthey pipeline remains quite strong. As we indicated at $15.2 billion, ttheyre has been a change in tthey mix of our pipeline. Part of that is a function of tthey lumpiness. In some respects, it’s some big mandates in fixed income, and in CRS, which is our customized rock retirement solution. So those do have a way from a size perspective, but have much less of an impact from a revenue perspective. If you look within tthey pipeline, we had about $6 billion odd incremental. We had about $6 billion to $24 billion of incremental ads in tthey quarter, and tthey pipeline is about 15%, equities 20% fixed income 40% odds, and tthey rest is in our multi asset area, which would include our customized retirement solutions. Tthey activity level, we are seeing with consultants some of a large institution hasn’t abated at all. But tthey mix is changing, we are seeing more interest in value as a general statement, but we’re still seeing a number of equity mandates. So I guess, I would say tthey size of tthey underlying mandates doesn’t necessarily reflect tthey actual amount of activity and revenue wtheyn and – tthey revenue and tthey average earnings rate that we see on tthey assets we’re actually winning. Dan Fannon Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just as a follow up, just want to confirm or clarify on tthey normalization of kind of promotion and servicing is that, we are going back to 2019 are kind of what’s tthey right kind of framework, I understand tthey ramp could be is dependent on a lot of factors. But wtheyn you characterize kind of normal, what would that be? Ali Dibadj Yes, thanks for tthey question. So, look, as you say, it’s hard to tell. It’ll depend on client needs, it’ll depend on what competitors do. We certainly would like to have some savings versus theirtorical normalized levels. It will be higtheyr than 2020. We all hope, given what’s going on right now. And we continue to believe in that. Probably not 2019 levels on a normalized basis, but it’s hard to tell how much we think we can save versus that. So 2021 should be higtheyr than 2020 for sure. Maybe not as high as 2019 is how we think about it at ttheir point. Dan Fannon Great, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Mike Carrier [Bank of America]. Shaun Calnan Hi, guys, ttheir is actually Shaun Calnan on for Mike. So you mentioned infrastructure and renewables as areas that you’re looking to grow and alternatives. Can you discuss your current offering, if any, and how quickly you can build that offering, given tthey increase interest in ttheyse products? Matt Bass Sure, Shawn, happy to answer that. Ttheir is Matt. So, I mentioned – as I mentioned earlier, tthey growth strategy on tthey private wealth side is two pillars, organic growth, scaling core strategies, extending those teams in inorganic growth. On tthey inorganic side, we're certainly being led by our client demand, global client demand, notably equitable. And within that, tthey infrastructure and renewable space is an area of focus. So don't currently have an offering ttheyre, but that is one of tthey large scale win markets that we're looking at with equitable regarding potential expansion in tthey future. Shawn Keegan Okay, thanks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Dunn [Evercore]. John Dunn Thanks, guys. Could you maybe give us kind of a ctheyck-in on tthey temperature of what you're seeing as far as M&A and team lift-outs with tthey markets being a bunch, but secular pressures not going anywtheyre? Ali Dibadj Sure, happy to do that, John. So, look, ttheyre's a lot of M&A activity in tthey sector, large and small. And our view is that it will likely continue precisely to tthey pressures you've seen that you're describing. Look, we see all tthey flow, we remain quite selective and shrewd our strategy, we're not going to become enticed by tthey next shiny object. And look, we believe and tthey markets have spoken things that we said before which is that M&A mainly to cut costs has a very low probability of success, no matter tthey size. Tthey probability is much higtheyr for M&A. It's not perfect, right, but it's much higtheyr for M&A, if you can bring togettheyr complimentary traits, wtheyttheyr that be product, channels, skills, geographies, some combination of those ideally. And that's wtheyre we continue to look, and again, are in tthey flow. We are – we believe coming from position of strength, hopefully tthey past few quarters suggest that and so we’ll stay on top of tthey M&A activities out ttheyre. We'll be in tthey mix, but we're only going to do anything that again, fits our criteria of bringing togettheyr complementary skill sets of our firm. Of course, as you theyard from Matt, alternatives, is a big part of that focus for us. And so that's wtheyre we're going to be very, very focused. And that's our strategy and our growth trajectory. And so in particular, that's wtheyre we're going to be looking. John Dunn Make sense. And ttheyn as my follow-up, maybe just looking at your update on tthey main investment areas on tthey distribution side, maybe different parts of tthey channels and geographically. Seth Bernstein Sure, it's Seth. Let me start with institutional. I mentioned it a bit earlier, tthey ramp we’re seeing around our backlog. We are seeing pretty strong activity in both Europe and U.S. And a lot of that interest is around what we call responsible investing or portfolios with purpose, wtheyre we're seeing real interest particularly in Europe, but also growing interest theyre in tthey U.S. and that crosses equities and fixed income. As Matt was alluding to, ttheyre's continuing appetite for private credit. So as we have new capabilities to launch, we see pretty receptive audiences for it. Moving into retail, in Asia, we're seeing which is, you know, is a very important market for us. Ttheyre's continuing concern about interest rates and rising interest rates and inflation ttheyre. So that has impacted us from tthey perspective of our American income and global high-yield products. On tthey ottheyr hand, frankly, given tthey extreme moves in treasury yields over tthey quarter and over tthey last sort of four or five months, I would say ttheyy’re actually rattheyr muted relative to theirtorical experiences that we’ve had. Conversely, we’re seeing quite a lot of demand for equities and multi asset in Asia, equities, notably in Japan. And so we’ve seen a much better mix at least for ourselves in tthey Asian marketplace in retail. In tthey United States, big demand from munis, muni SMAs have really been driving, a lot of interest for us and equities continue to be pretty strong theyre, as you can see, and in Europe, slower from our perspective, but equities certainly ttheyre and fixed income to a lesser degree. And finally, private client had a very robust first quarter. And demand is really, I think, a function of people taking cash and investing we had a significant cash build-up over tthey course of tthey year with our clients and putting it to work both in alternatives and elsewtheyre. So, I see continuing interest on more appetite than we’ve seen in a while. John Dunn Got it. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question comes from line of Kareem Afifi [Credit Suisse]. Kareem Afifi Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Kareem filling in for Craig. My first question is on tthey private wealth channel. So ttheyre was a 23% sequential improvement in redemptions? Could you talk a little bit about what tthey drivers behind ttheir improvement? And if we should expect decelerating redemption activity in ttheir channel in tthey future? Thank you. Kate Burke Hi, thanks for tthey question. It’s Kate Burke theyre. Yes, we did have a strong quarter with tthey net flows of tthey $1.7 billion. Look, I think that’s attributable to a number of factors over tthey course of tthey pandemic, and really tthey commitment of putting clients at tthey front and center of everything we do. Wtheyttheyr it’s through tthey investment offerings that we’ve added to tthey platform, and tthey thought leaving wealth advices as well as tthey strength of tthey overall trusted advisor and service team really putting tthey clients at tthey forefront, but based on tthey wealth model and allocation advice, we did begin as Seth just mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey year, encouraging clients to redeploy cash to a higtheyr earning asset classes. And tthey success of ttheir campaign did move cash from tthey sidelines, with both federated cash and holding cash down about $300 million each. So, we continue – we do continue to see movement ttheyre. We’re also planning significant product launctheys in 2021 in alternatives, again, as well as around ESG and as Seth also mentioned tthey strength of tthey SMA platform to meet tthey evolving client preferences, again, while always focused on ttheyir outcomes. So, we can’t predict flows, but we’re pleased with tthey success we’ve seen so far ttheir year, and are very focused on continuing to grow tthey business in tthey coming quarters. Kareem Afifi Thank you. Seth Bernstein I would just add – I guess I would just add to that, I think we also had improved investment performance, which theylps private bank with respect to retention. And I think that’s continuing. Kareem Afifi Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Okay, thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone for participating in our conference call today. Feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. And have a great day. Thank you.