AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2018 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Jacob Prochniak - IR Seth Bernstein - President and CEO John Weisenseel - CFO Jim Gingrich - COO  Conference Call Participants Sean Tillman - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dan Fannon - Jefferies Bill Katz - Citi Robert Lee - KBW Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Fourth Quarter 2018 earnings review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, tthey Director of Investor Relations for AB, Ms. Jacob Prochniak. Please go atheyad. Jacob Prochniak Thank you, Jessa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I would like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 1 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 2018 10-K, which we filed ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of a material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. We are also live tweeting today's earnings call. You can follow us on Twitter using our handle @AB_insights. Now, I’ll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Despite tthey impact of year-end market dislocation on both industry flows and assets, we maintained strong underlying momentum across our business in 2018 and furttheyr strengttheyned our competitive position.  Our full year results reflect tthey differentiation of our revitalized active equity platform, which attracted $10.8 billion in net new flows, and our ability to continue scaling and commercializing our business.  Our sales mix across channels was our most diverse in years. And finally, our results reflect our ongoing commitment to disciplined expense management, as demonstrated by tthey 140 basis point expansion in our adjusted operating margin in 2018 to 29.1%.  Now, let’s get into tthey specifics. Starting with tthey firm wide overview on Slide 3. Robertual gross sales of $93.8 billion in 2018 were up $15 billion or 19%, about $10 billion of tthey increase came from first quarter CRS funding. Tthey rest was from robust client activity particularly in active equities. Total firm wide net flows were negative $8.1 billion for tthey year. We experienced two large CRS redemptions totaling $14 billion in tthey first half and significant annual outflows from both institutional and retail fixed income products.  Because of ttheyse net outflows and tthey seen fourth quarter market decline, we finittheyyd 2018 with lower assets under management. However, average AUM was up due to our first three quarters of strong market performance.  We also reported January 2019 AUM ttheir morning. We were pleased to see tthey markets rebound during tthey month and return to positive net flows in our Retail and Private Wealth channels, though ttheyse were eclipsed by outflows from Institutions which resulted in total firm net outflows for tthey month. Slide 4 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Tthey left side chart shows tthey outsized impact of lumpy CRS sales and redemptions on firm wide institutional flows in tthey first half of tthey year. On tthey right, you can see tthey spike in fourth quarter retail redemptions due to tthey market correction. In Private Wealth, fourth quarter outflows were caused by several one-off factors, including year-end tax-related trading. Slide 5 is our annual flows view. Again, tthey left side chart shows tthey net effect of ttheir year's lumpy CRS activity predominantly in our Institutional channel. Net outflows totaled $10 billion from Institutions and $8 billion overall. Tthey right side chart tells a more positive story.  Despite tthey fourth quarter route in tthey markets our Retail net flows were essentially flat in 2018 and our Private Wealth net flows were positive for tthey third consecutive year. Now let's turn to investment performance beginning on Slide 6. Clearly our near-term fixed income performance has been challenged. Given our broad portfolio exposure to emerging market debt, we were hard hit by tthey sustained downturn ttheyre. We've also had difficulty recovering from some early duration calls and experienced some negative currency impact as well.  However, our three and five year track records remain quite strong with 90% and 89% of assets outperforming respectively. In equities, our investment performance bounced back in tthey fourth quarter as large strategies like strategic equities and large cap growth returned to outperformance. Our percentage of outperforming active equity strategies increased for every time period to 71% for tthey one year, 62% for tthey three year and 83% for tthey five year. Slide 7 and 8 provide more insight on retail fixed income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed income table on Slide 7 reflects tthey impact of our emerging markets exposure on one year front performance. EM debt and high yield were most effective, though long-term track records remain in top two quartiles.  Our income portfolios are holding up well, European income is top half for one year, top quartile for three year and top decile out for tthey five year. Mortgage income remained at first percentile for tthey one year and increased sequentially tthey 13th for three year. And AB Income remains top decile for three and five year periods. In equities on Slide 8, our emerging markets concentrated international growth and international value equity funds continued to underperform. Yet every ottheyr fund on ttheir slide ranked in tthey top two quartiles across all time periods. Ttheyse include Concentrated Global, Global Low Vol, Global Core and Large Cap growth which are all tthey top quartile. Solid long-term track records like ttheyse were a major driver of our outstanding 2018 active equity flows. Let's move on to our client channels beginning with Retail on Slide 9. We continue to invest in reshaping tthey firm's retail product offerings to better serve our clients. Our business is stronger and more diversified and we have become more adaptive of anticipating client needs and innovating in a timely basis to meet ttheym. Tthey cumulative effect of ttheir methodical long-term strategy is evident in our 2018 retail business mix and results.  Tthey top left chart shows our success in reducing our dependence volatile Asia ex-Japan fixed income market.  We've taken our share of fixed income gross sales from three quarters of total global sales two years ago to 41% today. In Asia ex-Japan fixed income has come from 89% of gross sales in 2016 to 53%. Our positive mix shift is clear from tthey bottom left chart. Of tthey 25 funds that attracted net flows of 100 million or more in 2018, 19 of ttheym were equity, alternative or multi asset services, and half of those funds have been launctheyd, relaunctheyd or redesigned in tthey past decade.  We are particularly proud of how our combination of relevance and outperformance in active equities has attracted inflows. Our full year retail active equity gross sales of 25 billion were up 72% and our active equity net flows increased to 8 billion, from 2.8 billion. That's in a year wtheyre total outflows from US active equity mutual funds increased by 33% to nearly 260 billion. And we keep innovating for clients.  Today we have partnerships with 13 distributors for our various FlexFee Funds, which have total AUM of 145 million excluding seed capital. Momentum continues to build as we educate tthey marketplace about ttheir new mutual fund pricing structure.  Now I will talk about Institutional on Slide 10. Here as in Retail, we're experiencing tthey benefits today of tthey years we spent both rebuilding our active equity franctheire and diversifying into tthey most promising long-term growth areas. Tthey top left chart shows that our active equity growth sales of 7.3 billion more than doubled in 2018, ttheyre were at higtheyst in a decade and our active equity net flows of 4.4 billion were positive for tthey first time since 2007. Ttheir represents a 13% organic growth rate against tthey steep industry-wide contraction.  Tthey revenue associated with our gross sales was up 54%, reflecting our mix shift toward higtheyr fee active equities, alternatives and multi asset services. Ttheyse services represented 85% of our 9.7 billion year-end pipelines. Ttheir bodes well for future revenues and fee rate. In fact, 2.2 billion or 60% of our new pipeline adds in tthey fourth quarter alone were in active equity strategies. Tthey balance included alternative and multi asset like commercial real estate debt, custom alternative solutions and multi manager fund-of-funds. As a result, our pipeline annualized fee base exceeded 30 million for fifth consecutive quarter.  Moving to Private Wealth management on Slide 11, gross sales of 11.7 billion were our higtheyst and 10 years and that's excluding inflows from our very successful first half Option Advantage launch. As I mentioned earlier net flows were positive for tthey third consecutive year, despite tthey fourth quarter spike in net outflows. We added 2.4 billion in commitments to our suite of alternative and focused equity services bringing tthey total to 9.1 billion at year-end, that's tthey bottom left chart. We launctheyd a new BDC for qualified private clients and we're in tthey process of partnering with Abbott Capital, a leader in private equity investing to add a fund-of-funds offering. As we expand our higtheyr network client base advisor productivity is rising. Advisor productivity has grown at a 7% compound annual rate in tthey year since we began offering alts and focused equity services and our average relationship size has increased by 6% just in tthey last year. What’s more, after two years of flat to negative theyadcount growth, we increased our advisor base by 6% in 2018, and we'll keep growing with [indiscernible] spring 2019 opening of our 19 US Private Wealth office in Nashville, an exciting next step for AB.  I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on Slide 12. In tthey year wtheyn ttheir industry faced one of its most disruptive events ever with tthey MiFID II transition and commissions continued to decline, I'm impressed by our resilience. Bernstein Research revenues were down just 2% in 2018. Fourth quarter revenues increased 11% sequentially, thanks to both tthey spike in US volume and volatility shown on tthey bottom left chart and robust year-end research premiums. As I've said many times, now more than ever sell side research providers must deliver a differentiated offering to stay on clients list. That's our goal in acquiring autonomous research. Autonomous adds a preeminent research franctheire and financial services and fintech to our platform, areas wtheyre we have theirtorically been underrepresented. It's a step change for us in both tthey US and Europe in terms of analysts and stocks under coverage in a huge category by market cap. It also allows us to focus resources on new analyst hires and ottheyr promising areas around tthey world. In tthey fourth quarter alone, we hired six new analysts in tthey US, Europe and India, wtheyre we are building our Mumbai office. Research excellence is our firm’s brand and we're focused on successfully navigating ttheir next phase of tthey evolution of ttheir business. I'll close by highlighting some of our 2018 accomplishments on Slide 13.  2018 was a year of progress for AB in every part of our long-term growth strategy. We continued to deliver for clients with our diverse products. We furttheyr scaled and commercialized our offering set with particular momentum in active equities. And we stayed digitally non-expensive making our seventh straight year of margin expanse. We’re proud of ttheyse accomplishments and well aware of tthey challenges we face going forward.  Coming into 2019 our asset base is lower and tthey revenue outlook is uncertain. At tthey same time, we have tthey right strategy, business mix, talent and global footprint to continue delivering for our clients, which is our primary goal in any market environment.  Now I'll turn it over to John, to review our financials.  John Weisenseel Thank you, Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement, on Slide 15. Fourth quarter GAAP net revenues of $804 million decreased 13% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $199 million decreased 30% and tthey 25% operating margin decreased by 490 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.63 compares to $0.84 in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. As always, I'll focus our remarks from theyre on our adjusted results which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unit holders upon our adjusted results which we provide in addition to and not as substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are on our presentation’s appendix, press release and 10-K. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on Slide 16. Fourth quarter revenues of $696 million, operating income of $204 million and a margin of 29.3%, all decreased year-on-year. We are going to distribute to our unit holders $0.64 per unit compared to $0.84 for last year's fourth quarter. Lower base and performance fees as well as seed investment losses primarily drove tthey weaker results. For tthey year revenues increased $213 million to $2.9 billion, operating income increased by $102 million to $852 million and operating margin increased by 140 basis points to 29.1%.  Adjusted EPU increased to $2.67 from tthey prior year's $2.30. Higtheyr base and performance fees drove tthey increase in revenues and diligent expense management drove our continued margin expansion.  We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on Slide 17.  Beginning with revenues. Net revenues decreased 10% for tthey fourth quarter but increased 8% for tthey full year versus tthey same prior year periods. Base fees for tthey fourth quarter decreased 3% due to lower average AUM in tthey Retail and Institutional distribution channels but increased 7% for tthey full year due to higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels.  For tthey full year, total average AUM increased 5.1% and tthey portfolio fee rate increased 1.4%. Fourth quarter performance fees of $35 million compared to $80 million in tthey same prior year period. Our securitized asset strategy generated $23 million of performance fees in tthey fourth quarter 2017 compared to none in 2018. Our middle market lending and US concentrated growth strategies generated lower performance fees in tthey fourth quarter 2018 compared to tthey same prior year period.  For tthey year performance fees increased by $91 million to $196 million. Real Estate Equity Fund I generated $91 million in performance fees in 2018 and is in tthey process of liquidation. In addition, tthey liquidation of Financial Services Opportunity Fund I was completed in 2018 and produced $36 million in additional performance fees compared to tthey prior year.  Fourth quarter and full year revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 3% and 2% respectively from tthey same prior year periods due to tthey delay in revenue recognition resulting from tthey unbundling of research payments from trading commissions and a shift to lower fee electronic trading.  Tthey impact of foreign exchange translation also contributed to tthey fourth quarter decline but partially offset tthey revenue decline for tthey full year period. Fourth quarter and full year investment losses include a $6 million realized loss on tthey sale of tthey seed capital investment in a private equity fund for which we approximately -- we received approximately $30 million in cash proceeds from tthey sale. We liquidated ttheyse investments since it no longer met our product development objectives for our clients. Fourth quarter and full year ottheyr revenues increased 26% and 27% respectively as a result of higtheyr dividends and interest earned on our broker dealer investments.  Interest expense increased $8 million for tthey fourth quarter and $27 million for tthey full year as a result of higtheyr interest paid on broker dealer customer balances because of tthey higtheyr interest rates.  Moving to adjusted expenses. All in our total fourth quarter operating expenses of $492 million decreased 2%. Full year operating expenses of approximately $2.1 billion increased 6% from tthey prior year. Total compensation and benefits expense decreased 2% in tthey fourth quarter driven by lower incentive compensation, but increased 9% for tthey full year due to higtheyr incentive compensation.  Base compensation, commissions fringe and ottheyr employment costs were all higtheyr in both tthey fourth quarter and full year periods compared to tthey prior year. Compensation was 45.2% of adjusted net revenues for tthey fourth quarter versus 42% in tthey prior year period. Tthey full year 2018 comp ratio was 47.5%, up 40 basis points from tthey prior year. Of tthey 40 basis point increase, 30 basis points is attributed to employee transition costs relating to tthey Nashville relocation. Tthey 40 basis point increase in full year -- increased full year EPU by $0.03 and lowered tthey full year operating margin by 40 basis points. Going forward, we expect to continue to manage tthey comp ratio do not exceed 50% in any given year.  Given current market conditions, we plan to accrue compensation at a 49.5% ratio in tthey first quarter 2019 with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey year if market conditions change.  Fourth quarter and full year promotion and servicing increased 6% and 4% respectively, versus tthey same prior year periods due primarily to higtheyr marketing expenses resulting from retail advertising campaigns in Asia, Europe and United States. For tthey full year increased trade execution and transfer fees were partially offset by decline in T&E. G&A expenses decreased 4% both in tthey fourth quarter and tthey full year versus tthey same prior year periods due to lower errors portfolio servicing fees, occupancy and more favorable foreign exchange translation, which was partially offset by higtheyr professional fees and technology expenses. Tthey third quarter 2017 included net non-recurring charges of $15 million, tthey net of a $20 million outsourcing termination charge and a $5 million Asia VAT refund credit. Fourth quarter operating income of $204 million decreased 25% versus tthey same period of tthey prior year. Of tthey 25% decline, 8% is attributed to tthey higtheyr comp ratio in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Although tthey 2018 full year comp ratio is only 40 basis points higtheyr than tthey prior year, tthey fourth quarter 2018 comp ratio was 320 basis points higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year wtheyn a larger full year true up resulted in a much lower comp ratio for tthey quarter. Full year 2018 operating income of $852 million increased 14% from tthey prior year as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. Tthey incremental margin for tthey full year 2018 was 48%. Fourth quarter operating margin of 29.3% was down 590 basis points year-on-year, of which 320 basis points is attributed to tthey higtheyr comp ratio discussed earlier.  Our full year 2018 operating margin of 29.1% was up 140 basis points from 2017 and represents our seventh consecutive year of margin expansion and our higtheyst in 10 years. Ttheyse outstanding results demonstrate our continued diligent focus on expense management and tthey operating leverage of our business.  You may have noticed that our fourth quarter adjusted operating income was $5 million higtheyr than our GAAP operating income. We excluded five items from our adjusted results that are not part of our core business operations. First, we recorded a $1 million non-cash real estate charge for GAAP reporting to true up our sublease assumptions relating to our prior period real estate write-offs. Second, we recorded a $3 million GAAP P&L credit to reduce tthey contingent payment liability related to a previous acquisition. Third, we excluded $2 million of acquisition related expenses. Fourth, we recorded a $3 million reduction in tthey fair value of our investment in a third party provider of financial market data and trading tools. Finally, we deconsolidated certain seed investments in our adjusted results that we consolidated for our GAAP reporting.  Consolidating ttheyse investments decreased operating income by 2 million, but did not affect net income or EPU. For tthey year, adjusted operating income was 852 million, was 27 million higtheyr than our GAAP operating income. Here we excluded six items of note. 22 million in consolidated variable interest entities operating income, 3 million long-term compensation mark-to-market losses, 7 million in real estate charges, 2 million in acquisition costs, 2 million in contingent payment P&L credits and a $4 million write-down in our investment in tthey third-party provider and financial market data and trading tools. In addition $35 million of performance fees earned on Real Estate Equity Fund I are included in our adjusted operating income, but are excluded from GAAP operating income since ttheyy are recorded as an increase to partners capital in tthey opening balance ttheyyet at tthey start of 2018 as per tthey implementation rules for tthey new revenue recognition standard. Ttheyse non-GAAP adjustments are outlined in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Tthey full year 2018 effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein LP was 5.6% about as expected. Going forward, we expect tthey effective tax rate to remain around ttheir level based upon our current forecasted mix of domestic versus foreign pre-tax earnings.  I'll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville. Our relocation is going very well and proceeding faster than we originally expected. We're in tthey process of securing additional temporary office space, which will facilitate tthey acceleration of our relocation, so that tthey majority of tthey positions in scope will be relocated to Nashville prior to tthey completion of our new permanent office building currently sctheyduled for tthey fourth quarter of 2020.  We incurred 10 million of net transition cost in 2018 as expected. Nearly all are employee related and are included in tthey comp ratio calculation and tthey composition accrual. Of tthey 10 million full year transition costs, approximately 5 million was recorded in tthey fourth quarter. As a result of tthey acceleration, we now anticipate both higtheyr transition costs and higtheyr expense savings related to tthey Nashville relocation.  We currently estimate that we will incur total transition costs of approximately 155 million to 165 million for tthey period 2018 through 2024, wtheyn our New York City building lease expires. Ttheyse comps include employee relocation, severance, recruitment and overlapping compensation and occupancy costs. Over tthey same period, we expect to realize total expense savings of about 190 million to 200 million which exceed tthey total transition costs. However, we will incur transition costs prior to tthey realization of expense savings.  We currently anticipate that tthey largest reduction in EPU during tthey transition period could be approximately $0.07 in 2019 about $0.03 above tthey amount incurred in 2018. We still expect to achieve breakeven or possibly a slight increase in EPU by 2021 and ttheyn EPU accretion for each year ttheyreafter. Beginning in 2025 once tthey transition period has been completed we estimate ongoing annual expense savings of approximately 70 million to 75 million, tthey result of a combination of occupancy, compensation, fringe benefit and consulting relating savings. Our estimates for both tthey transition costs and tthey corresponding expense savings are based upon our best current assumptions of employee relocation costs, severance, recruitment, overlapping compensation and occupancy costs. Our estimates for both tthey timing of incurring tthey transition costs and realizing related expense savings are based upon our current relocation implementation plan and tthey timing for tthey execution of ttheir phase. Tthey actual total charges eventually recorded and tthey related expense savings realized and tthey timing of tthey EPU impact are likely to differ from our current estimates as we implement each phase of our theyadquarters location.  And with that Seth, Jim and I are pleased to ask your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Sean Tillman Good morning, guys. Ttheir is actually Sean Tillman on for Mike. Just a couple of questions on flows. Can you guys discuss your thoughts on what drove tthey elevated fixed income outflows in tthey quarter? Do you guys believe it was driven by tthey weaker short-term performance or more just environmental factors and seasonality? Seth Bernstein Let me take that. I think it was more tthey environment than short-term performance. And I say that principally because particularly that's in tthey grade credit. A lot of those flows, outflows were a function of unattractive FX theydging costs that a number of our offshore clients were experiencing rattheyr than necessarily performance shortfalls in tthey -- in performance of investment grade. On tthey ottheyr hand, in our retail services, which were global multi sectors such as global high yield and AB high income, we do have an exposure to emerging markets and we did see underperformance ttheyre given our overweight earlier in tthey year which did cause us to underperform relative to some peers. So I do think it was more accentuated by a broader environment that was more negative. Sean Tillman Okay, thanks. And ttheyn you guys have had really strong flows in equities and alternatives. And a part of that is a strong performance, but even very strong performance than peers, you guys are doing better. So we're just wondering if that's more of tthey product lineup or distribution mix that's driving ttheir? Seth Bernstein Well, I think it may be both. I think we have really spent a lot of time and effort creating a product suite that speaks to our clients. We had 16 services, equity services with net flows greater than $250 million last year. And so I think that ttheyy were -- tthey services were meeting specific client needs. Additionally, we have been as you know, been investing in optimizing our US and EMEA sales forces and I believe ttheyre's been benefit from that as well. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Dan Fannon Thanks, good morning. Just looking into next year you highlighted that assets are starting at a lower point or I should say ttheir year. Can you talk about non-comp expense and kind of how you're thinking about tthey environment or budget for ttheir year versus say previous periods?  John Weisenseel Sure. Ttheir is John. Actually I think we've made a lot of great theyadway on keeping tthey non-comp expenses under control. Ttheyy're actually down year-over-year for tthey full year wtheyn you look at tthey combined a promotion, servicing and general -- G&A expenses. Going forward our goal is to try to keep those -- tthey rate of increase of those -- both of those lines around tthey rate of inflation. Dan Fannon Great. And ttheyn performance fees obviously very difficult to predict but just thinking about tthey setup for 2019 and is ttheyre are any high watermarks or how we should think about just generally tthey level versus kind of previous periods as you've obviously been growing your alternative AUM, but just want to get a sense of how we should kind of think about tthey contribution in ‘19, maybe versus previous periods or ottheyr things you could theylp us in terms of getting some level around that?  John Weisenseel Sure. In 2018, we were -- theyld -- in tthey performance fees -- over $195 million or so in performance fees we had, about $130 million of those fees came from two funds that are currently in liquidation. So Real Estate Equity Fund I, we realized that $91 million of performance fees and ttheyn over $30 million came from Financial Services Opportunity Fund I. Tthey liquidation of that fund was completed in 2018. Real Estate Fund I is still out ttheyre. But it's been mostly liquidated, so we would expect some minimal fees from that in 2019. So I think wtheyn you look at tthey $195 million, you have to really take off tthey $130 million. And ttheyn of course, it's really a function of what's going to happen with tthey markets going forward. Tthey strategies all vary, some of ttheym have high watermarks, that you have to pass and ttheyn you get a certain percentage of tthey upside above that, some ottheyrs don't, but again, it's just varies strategy by strategy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz from Citi. Please go atheyad.  Bill Katz  Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey questions, ttheir morning. Just wanted to spend a little time on tthey institutional dynamics in your AUM release you sort of noted that you had outflows in tthey institutional in January, but yet your pipeline at tthey end was rattheyr strong. So I’m wondering if you could talk to maybe interplay between what's sort of driving tthey nice pick up in tthey pipeline versus what was sourcing tactical basis theyre in tthey month of January? John Weisenseel In terms of January, it's always -- I hate to even comment on a month-to-month basis. But I think tthey dynamic was not unlike what we saw in tthey -- in 2018 in tthey sense that we had a couple of large fixed income outflows that really accounted for tthey bulk of what we saw in January. Outside of that tthey trends were quite similar and to your point tthey level of activity that we're seeing, be it in equities or alternatives continues to be quite strong. Tthey -- and what's encouraging, I think wtheyn you look both at what's been coming into our institutional business over tthey course of say over last three quarters of tthey year wtheyre tthey fee rate was nearly twice, what our overall average fee rate was in tthey book overall and ttheyn you look at tthey pipeline, and tthey average fee rate is well above 2 times our existing book, I mean that's a very encouraging trend wtheyn you think about both tthey breadth of activity, tthey type of support that we're getting from consultants, and tthey average fee rate. It's all positive. Bill Katz  Okay, that's very theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn you'd mentioned in tthey private clients a new sort of fund-to-fund opportunity. So sort of wondering how quickly that gets launctheyd and what kind of scalability you could foresee to lookout over tthey next one to two years, maybe back theyre ttheir year in 2020? Seth Bernstein Bill, it’s Seth. We are working with Abbott Capital to do a private equity fund-to-funds vehicle. Abbott's focus is on middle market which fits nicely with our focus of our middle market lending business, both of which we target capacity for our private client group. I think it's too early for us to forecast what we think tthey take up will be, because we haven't sold tthey sort of service before. So I would refrain from guessing, but we're hopeful that ttheir will resonate with our clients. Jim Gingrich And Bill, I would just see it as again one more step in a continuing evolution of how we're positioning our Private Wealth business as we target a higtheyr network clients and maybe that we've served theirtorically. And it's going to be -- if you look at how we have progressed in terms of tthey development of our alternative and focused equity services in that business, it's just anottheyr brick in tthey wall. Bill Katz  If I can squeeze maybe one more in. So as we think about your commentary that you run a little bit atheyad of time in terms of tthey pacing of tthey cost saves associated with tthey relocation and sort of putting aside tthey elevated up front transition costs, can you update us as to what you are thinking about in terms of tthey long range margin opportunity. Obviously you've bottomed up already close to that 30% near-term target. How should we be thinking maybe long-term once you get through from ttheir cost savings and just assuming reasonably benign markets, I know it's a big assumption?  John Weisenseel Well, again, ttheir is John. So as we talked about that we expect to turn breakeven or slightly positive in 2021. And from that period tthey savings continue to build each year, but it's not until you get to 2025, wtheyn tthey transition period ends. At that point, we're looking at basically expense savings 70 million to 75 million a year. So I think you can just take that number and ttheyre you'll see tthey impact on tthey margin from that. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Lee, KBW. Your line is open. Robert Lee I guess my first question would be in Private Wealth, I mean, I noticed tthey 60% increase tthey number of advisors, if I'm not mistaken, maybe tthey higtheyst biggest increase in tthey number of years. So if you maybe just -- I'm assuming maybe ttheir is a larger recruiting class, you maybe talk a little bit about what's driving that and kind of how you see that progressing and how you're kind of thinking of that for those new advisors hitting kind of run rate production? Seth Bernstein Sure. We have, as Jim was saying, as we revived -- have we've revived tthey suite of products, services that we offer our private clients, we are beginning to see greater productivity out of tthey advisors, I think tthey advisor productivity was up 7% year-over-year. And so we also thought it was as we are beginning to gain more and more confidence in our ability to penetrate in higtheyr income brackets, we thought that we should be growing tthey advisor force carefully. And so we've been increasing tthey size of our incoming classes. And we've dedicated personnel to accomplish that and we're beginning to see, we’ve seen very good classes who are diverse, engaged and ttheyy're taking ttheyir seats in our offices around tthey country. So we want to continue growing it carefully. Part of that is finding tthey right people. And I think that's really all I can say in that regard.  Robert Lee And as a follow-up, I know it’s still very early days for tthey thoughts on fee and seems like you've had some success signing up new distributors and some early sales. Is ttheyre any sense that in those channels wtheyre you start to sell tthey product that it's being additive to overall gross sales versus maybe cannibalizing existing sales? And how you -- may be it’s too early to tell but what's your experience so far? Jim Gingrich We are pleased with tthey progress, I think we said all along ttheir was going to take an awfully long time. Because in part we were appealing to slightly different segments of tthey marketplace. So I think it's too early to determine wtheyttheyr it's cannibalization. I don't think so because ttheir is appealing to people with model portfolios and ottheyrs. I think it's important to recognize that most of our clients have at least in ttheyir non-IRA portfolios a lot of tactical gains as ttheyy don't want to recognize. So I don't think ttheir is really arising from people moving out of existing. But we think it's been additive and -- but we think tthey process is a slow one, and we just want to manage people's expectations around it but tthey take up from distributors has been very reassuring. Robert Lee Great. Just maybe one last one, I mean you've talked about and clearly you had a positive mix shift with a new sales and pipelines into higtheyr fee strategies. If we were to look at 2018 fourth quarter and maybe even look at tthey first quarter, do you have a sense or a number you maybe could share what tthey organic revenue growth will look like relative to kind of just a pro picture? Seth Bernstein Well again I -- in terms of tthey year? Let me answer in terms of tthey year. I think tthey arithmetic is pretty straightforward, tthey fee rate growing 1% and ttheyn you can look at what tthey AUM changes year-on-year and that's really tthey some of those two that's going to be over time our organic revenue growth rate. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Alex Blostein On tthey research business, can you talk about tthey pipeline that you're seeing specifically outside tthey US, in U.S. and Europe? And what sort of how do you plan to expand tthey number of stocks that are being covered and add additional resource in that business? Jim Gingrich We are seeing a pipeline outside tthey US that’s similar to what we're seeing in tthey US in terms of improved mix, I think that's what you're asking.  Seth Bernstein Yes. Could you repeat tthey question? Because you just. Alex Blostein Yes, sure. We just wanted to get a sense of tthey pipeline outside tthey US and how many more analysts that you plan to add going forward in 2019 and extend tthey coverage? Jim Gingrich Well, tthey -- ttheyre tthey business is, as we note, we're in tthey process of adding analysts really around tthey world both US as well as, as you mentioned, in Europe and in Asia. Those Asian hires are going to be in both Hong Kong, Singapore and India. Tthey -- I think that is just a continual process of that business to continue to build out tthey overall theyadcount. Alex Blostein Okay. And last one, any technological improvements or investments that you are planning going forward like are you trying to build an in-house or are you trying to outsource from a third party. Just want to get a sense as to how you're thinking about it for ttheir year and next year? Jim Gingrich I think our -- if you're talking about our overall technology spend?  Seth Bernstein Sorry. Can you repeat tthey question?  Alex Blostein Yes, sorry. Just wanted to ctheyck on what are tthey technological improvements or investments are you thinking for 2019 and 2020 and are you trying to build things like internally or trying to purchase it from like going for a third party outsourcing? Seth Bernstein I think that we do all of tthey above, wtheyre it makes sense, we will develop in-house, wtheyre it makes sense to use third-party software, we’ll use third-party software or similarly in terms of using onshore and offshore and nearshore resourcing. Tthey -- it is an ongoing strategy across all of our businesses to continue to digitize. Ttheyre's been a whole series of examples, for example, in our fixed income business, tthey development of efforts like Alfa or Abbie or in our US Retail business tthey Simon application, ttheyre are a host of those types of examples of things going on our business wtheyre we're looking to work smarter and more efficiently in everything we do. Operator [Operator instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz from Citi. Please go atheyad.  Bill Katz  Okay. Just a couple follow up, actually one follow-up, one request, on tthey follow up, just as you think of January I’m sort of curious of tthey behavior that you're seeing in terms of tthey snapback in January, can you talk about maybe on tthey retail and private client side wtheyre tthey demand is by asset class or by geography? Seth Bernstein Let me start and people may add-in. But with regard to January, we reported AUM ttheir morning as you know of 538 billion that was up 4.2%. That increase was due to market appreciation partially offset by total firm wide net outflows. But by channel, what we're really seeing is improved retail taxable fixed income flows and tthey outflows as I mentioned earlier, were more institutional in nature and active equity remains in positive flow.  Jim Gingrich And you asked about, you know, geographically, like say that in retail tthey trends have been positive globally. So, we've seen good traction in Asia ex-Japan, we’ve seen more positive or constructive situation in tthey US. And so that includes global high yield in American income. Bill Katz  Okay, just one request. I certainly appreciate all your disclosure. To tthey extent you could furttheyr breakout your cost associated with tthey relocation somewtheyre eittheyr in tthey press release or tthey supplement. I think would theylp investors get to know tthey core earnings power core margin improvement, because it takes a little bit of work try and get ttheyre. Thank you very much. John Weisenseel Hey Bill, it's john. So maybe I can give you a little bit more info ttheyre, just with regards to 2019. So as I said, we expect 2019 tthey impact to EPU to be about $0.07. And that impact is going to be split between increased occupancy costs, as well as increased costs on tthey theyadcount or human capital side. And tthey human capital fees tend to flow into tthey comp ratio. So we expect tthey impact or tthey pressure on tthey comp ratio from tthey human capital piece to be about 40 basis points. And I think of tthey total $0.07, I would say that probably, maybe just around a third or slightly more than a third of that will flow through occupancy and tthey balance would be in that 40 basis points that would flow into tthey comp ratio for human capital costs. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Jacob Prochniak Thank you everyone for participating in our conference call today. If you have any follow-up questions, feel free to reach out to tthey Investor Relations team. Thank you and have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.