AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Adam Prochniak - Director of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich - Chief Operating Officer Analysts Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Katz - Citi Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Rob Lee - KBW Operator Thank you for standing-by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein's first quarter 2018 earnings review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, tthey Director of Investor Relations for AB, Ms. Adam Prochniak. Please go atheyad. Adam Prochniak Thank you Kim. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey investor relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO, John Weisenseel, our CFO and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I would like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on slide one of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our first quarter 2018 Form 10-Q, which we filed ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of a material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. We are also live tweeting today's earnings call. You can follow us on Twitter using our handle @AB_insights. Now I will turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you. Good morning. After a robust 2017, mounting concerns over inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical made for turbulent markets in tthey first quarter of 2018. In ttheir environment, I am proud of how our investment teams managed to maintain strong longer term track records. Tthey quarter's market volatility and client rebalancing activity did affect our active flows which were just over negative $1 billion for tthey quarter. However, it's worth noting that we still ended tthey quarter with slightly positive organic revenue growth. Higtheyr fees in our inflows into equity alternative and multi-asset strategies more than offset lower fees on our larger outflows from fixed income and passive. And our average fee rate continued to improve by 1% sequentially and 2% year-on-year. Let's get into tthey results, starting with a firmwide overview on slide three. Due largely to a $10 billion in customized retirement strategies or CRS fundings in our institutional business, total first quarter gross sales of $34.1 billion were up nearly 80% versus both prior periods. But higtheyr gross redemptions in retail and institutional fixed income as well as $7 billion from CRS reversed our three-quarter trend of net positive flows. Net outflows were $2.4 billion. Our assets under management finittheyyd up tthey year-on-year in line with tthey strength of tthey global markets last year and slightly lower on a sequential basis as ttheyy pulled back in tthey first quarter. Average assets under management were up versus both prior periods as tthey strong markets of 2017 extended into January of ttheir year. Slide four shows what flows did during tthey quarter. Of a roughly $15 billion year-on-year and sequential increase in total gross sales, about two thirds came from new institutional CRS fundings I mentioned. Tthey rest came from higtheyr sales across all three of our client channels. In retail, gross sales of $14.9 billion were our higtheyst since tthey fourth quarter of 2012. We saw notable strength in municipals and in active equities wtheyre retail quarterly sales were our higtheyst since 2007. In private client, a new return enhancing option overlay strategy called Option Advantage proved appealing, accounting for $1.3 billion of our total $1.7 billion in net flows during tthey quarter. Total gross redemptions of $36.5 billion were up on one large low fee CRS redemption as well as lumpy outflows from investment grade credit and institutional, as well as a spike in Asia ex-Japan retail fixed income redemptions. As I mentioned, ttheyse factors caused our shift to negative net flows. We expect anottheyr low fee $7 billion institutional CRS redemption at tthey end of ttheir month, which we will see reflected in our April AUM release in a couple of weeks. Let's move on to institutional performance, beginning on slide five. For fixed income, our performance did decline slightly amid tthey quarter's unusual global bond market volatility, but we still finittheyyd with 80% or more of our assets in outperforming services across time periods. In equities, tthey large majority of our services outperformed during tthey quarter. However, one large service fell out of tthey outperforming category which brought down our overall percentage for tthey three and five-year periods. Through quarter-end, 76% of our total rate of U.S. retail mutual fund assets and 89% of our rate of Luxembourg-based fund assets theyld four or five star MorningStar ratings. Slide six and seven delves into specific product performance, beginning with fixed income. Every eligible fund on slide six ranked in tthey top two quartiles for tthey five-year period, all but one due for tthey three years as well. Six ranked top quartile across all qualifying time periods with U.S., European and municipal income as standout performers. One slide seven, U.S. ttheymatic and European equity in Luxembourg maintained ttheyir top decile rankings for one, three and five-year periods. Services designed for optimum upside and downside capture like global and emerging markets will evolve posted top decile and top quartile performance for tthey three and five-year periods, respectively. Now I will discuss our client channels, beginning with retail on slide eight. I mentioned earlier that retail felt gross sales of $14.9 billion were our higtheyst since tthey fourth quarter of 2012. Ttheyy also continue to reflect more diversity by asset class and region. Increases of 10% year-on-year and 16% sequentially include sales growth in every region. In fact, our U.S. retail gross sales of $5 billion were our best since tthey third quarter of 2007. And as you can see on tthey top left chart, sales were up double digits in every asset class except taxable fixed income. However, first quarter total redemptions increased more by 36% versus both comparable quarters. Ttheir was particularly pronounced in Asia ex-Japan fixed income, our largest retail business. Sales of our flagship global high-yield and American income portfolios theyld up well despite tthey industrywide decline demonstrated in tthey bottom left chart. However, sales were surpassed by a 33% increase in combined redemption. Ttheyse two services accounted for virtually all of our $1.3 billion in net outflows for tthey quarter. Strength in active equities, multi-asset and municipals theylped offset our challenges in taxable fixed income. I mentioned earlier that our equity gross sales of $6.3 billion were higtheyst in 11 years. Gross sales of our Luxembourg-based emerging markets multi-asset or EMMA more than doubled year-on-year to $1.3 billion and gross sales of our Multi-Asset Fund of Funds product in Taiwan more than quadrupled during tthey same period. A range of diverse AB retail funds ranked in tthey top 10 among ttheyir MorningStar categories for tthey quarter including Mortgage Income at number one, EMAA at number two, large-cap growth at number three and Low Vol at number six. We are also excited about tthey progress we have made with our new FlexFee Funds. Four of ttheym are now available on several major U.S. distribution platforms and our partners are quite supportive. While it will take years to scale ttheyse innovative new offerings, we believe ttheyy have significant long-term growth potential. Let's move onto institutional on slide nine. Although, gross sales hit a 10-year high, redemptions of $17.6 billion were even higtheyr and included $7 billion from CRS and $4 billion from U.S. investment-grade corporate. Ttheir resulted in net outflows of $2.8 billion. At tthey same time, however, tthey annualized fee base of our institutional business increased during tthey first quarter. That's because of tthey continuing strong momentum and higtheyr fee active equity and alternative product. Large fundings in international value and emerging markets strategic core drove active equity gross sales of $3.3 billion in tthey first quarter, which exceeded our full-year 2017 total. And equity net flows of $2.2 billion were our higtheyst since tthey fourth quarter of 2007. New pipeline additions of $2.2 billion came largely from equities along with alternative strategies like commercial real estate debt and Arya Partners, our multi-PM long short theydge fund. Today, our $5.7 billion pipeline consists entirely of active assets. That's tthey top left chart. Of which 97% represent higtheyr fee equity in Alts. That's tthey bottom left chart. As a result, our pipeline average fee rate is at its higtheyst in six years, which certainly bodes well for future institutional revenues. Now I will discuss private wealth management on slide 10. For some time, we have been cautioning private clients to expect more volatility. Wtheyn that volatility came in tthey first quarter, we had tthey chance to demonstrate tthey value of our advice. Gross sales of $4.4 billion came from strength in core equity, fixed income and targeted services as well as client take-up on Option Advantage, our new options overlay strategy. At tthey same time, we kept clients properly invested through tthey market volatility. Gross redemptions theyld steady at $2.7 billion and our first quarter annualized outflow rate hit a 20-year low. That's tthey top left chart. As tthey bottom left chart shows, we keep broadening our appeal with more soptheirticated and hands-on clients with our targeted services. We have created 15 new services in tthey past five years, securing $7.3 billion in deployed and committed assets so far. Targeted services commitments were $400 million in tthey first quarter. Option Advantage, which is designed to enhance portfolio returns over tthey long term, has been well received in tthey current environment. We are proud to have introduced an innovative offering that distinguish Bernstein in a chaotic market, though we don't expect ttheir type of momentum to continue. Let me wrap up tthey business review with tthey sell side on slide 11. Bernstein Research first quarter revenues of $114 million increased 1% year-on-year and declined 4% sequentially. Tthey return to more normalized levels of U.S. market volatility theylped trading volumes, as you can see on tthey bottom left chart. Wtheyn you add in robust trends in Europe and Asia, our global trading volumes increased 23% year-on-year in tthey first quarter. We are four months into tthey implementation of MiFID II and while it's too early to draw any definitive conclusions, early signs reinforce our conviction in our long-term growth strategy. Tthey investments we have made to remain tthey industry's quality leader in research have enabled us to negotiate reasonable research prices so far with tthey majority of our unbundled European clients. In tthey first quarter, 47% of our revenue came from unbundled clients. It's worth noting that for many of our newly unbundled clients, we experienced a lag in first quarter revenues caused by clients switching to a program of paying execution rates with research paid in arrears. Tthey steps we have taken to strength our leading agency trading platform have increased client confidence in our execution capabilities. Newly unbundled clients increase ttheyir trading volume with us by 15% in tthey first quarter. Bernstein is also well-positioned in tthey continued industry shift toward electronic trading. Our 50/50 mix of high touch versus electronic trading revenues compares favorably with a 70/30 mix for tthey industry. And broadening our global business has acted as a buffer in a challenging U.S. environment. Today, 42% of our revenue comes from outside North America. And our first quarter Asia revenues were up more than 50% year-on-year. So to finish up on slide 12. We have made new strides of our long-term growth strategy in tthey first quarter. We show clients that we can deliver idiosyncratic, stock specific alpha streams that can't be replicated by factor or beta sources. And we have made furttheyr progress in commercializing and scaling our diverse suite of global offerings. Speaking to our financials, we increased our overall fee rate by 1% sequentially and 2% year-on-year on a continued positive shift in tthey mix of our business. And through continued strict expense discipline, we again expanded our adjusted operating margin year-on-year. Now John will take you through our financials. John Weisenseel Thank you Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 14. First quarter GAAP net revenues of $868 million increased 13% from tthey prior-year period. Operating income of $223 million increased 34% and tthey 23% operating margin increased by 340 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.60 compares to $0.46 in tthey first quarter of 2017. As always, I will focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders upon our adjusted results which we provide in addition to and not as substitutes for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation's appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slide 15. First quarter revenues of $782 million, operating income of $235 million and our margin of 30.1%, all increased year-on-year. We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.73 per unit compared to $0.46 for last year's first quarter. Higtheyr base and performance fees combined with flat G&A expenses primarily drove tthey improvement. Operating income and margin decreased from tthey fourth quarter of 2017, despite an increase in revenue due to tthey usual first quarter sequential increase in our compensation accrual. As discussed on our previous earnings call and in our quarterly filings, we have deferred tthey recognition of $35 million of operating income relating to our real estate equity investment fund which required a higtheyr threshold to achieve under tthey former accounting rules. ASC 606, tthey new revenue recognition accounting standard we implemented as of January 1, 2018, lowers tthey required threshold allowing performance fees to potentially be recognized as revenue sooner. As a result, tthey opening 2018 balance ttheyyet reflects a $35 million increase in partner's capital. Although ttheir amount has been excluded from tthey first quarter 2018 P&L per tthey implementation rules, it is included in our first quarter 2018 adjusted P&L, which increased our adjusted EPU and unitholder distribution by approximately $0.12. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on slide 16. Beginning with revenues. First quarter net revenues of $782 million increased 25% year-on-year. First quarter base fees increased 16% from tthey same prior period due to higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels and higtheyr fee rate realization reflecting a mix shift from lower to higtheyr fee products. Compared to tthey first quarter of 2017, total average AUM increased 13.4% and tthey portfolio fee rate increased 2% following a 3.7% fee rate increase for 1Q 2017 versus 1Q 2016 comparable period. Tthey 41.1 basis point portfolio fee rate for tthey first quarter of 2018 was tthey higtheyst quarterly rate in more than five years. Approximately $11 million or 14% of tthey $78 million total increase in first quarter 2018 base fees came from higtheyr fee rate realization. First quarter performance fees of $84 million compared to $6 million in tthey same prior-year period and includes $78 million from tthey real estate equity fund discussed earlier. So, excluding tthey real estate fund, performance fees would have been flat year-on-year. First quarter revenues for Bernstein Research services increased 1% year-on-year on higtheyr revenues in Asia and Europe which benefited from a weaker U.S. dollar offsetting lower U.S. revenues. Global revenues were adversely affected by lower fee realization due to delay in revenue recognition resulting from tthey unbundling of research payments from trading commissions in addition to a shift to lower fee electronic trading. First quarter net distribution expenses increased $2 million due to tthey distribution mix shift of Asia retail fund sales towards higtheyr fee distributors. Investment gains of $3 million declined by $2 million year-on-year on lower seed investment gains. Ottheyr revenues increased 35% compared to tthey same prior period because of higtheyr dividends and interest earned on broker-dealer investments and higtheyr shareholder servicing fee revenues. Interest expense increased $5 million for tthey first quarter year-on-year from higtheyr interest paid on broker-dealer customer balances because of higtheyr interest rates. Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total first quarter operating expenses of $547 million increased 15% year-on-year. Total compensation of benefits expense increased 21% year-on-year driven by higtheyr base, incentive compensation, commissions and fringes benefit costs. As discussed on last quarter's call, we accrued compensation at 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey first quarter ttheir year compared to 50% for tthey same period of tthey prior year and 42% for last year's fourth quarter. Tthey 150 basis point reduction in our comp ratio for tthey first quarter added approximately $0.04 to our first quarter EPU. We currently plan to accrue compensation at a 48.5% ratio in tthey second quarter with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey remainder of tthey year if market conditions change. First quarter promotion and servicing expenses increased 7% versus tthey same prior year period due to higtheyr Bernstein Research services trade execution expenses on higtheyr global client trading activity. G&A for tthey first quarter was essentially flat year-on-year, reflecting our continued focus on diligent expense management. First quarter operating income of $235 million increased 56% from tthey prior year as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. Tthey first quarter incremental margin versus tthey prior year period was 54% demonstrating tthey operating leverage of our business. First quarter operating margin of 30.1% was up 600 basis points year-on-year. Tthey sequential decline was entirely due to tthey higtheyr comp ratio. You may have noticed that our first quarter adjusted operating income was $12 million higtheyr than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir amount represents tthey net of tthey $35 million from tthey real estate equity fund performance fees discussed earlier and $23 million operating income related to consolidated seed capital investments, tthey latter of which is excluded from tthey adjusted results since ttheyre is no effect on net income or EPU. All of tthey non-GAAP adjustments are outlined in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Tthey financial results for tthey first quarter were strong even after excluding tthey effects of real estate equity fund performance fees. Total revenues increased approximately 13%. Total expenses increased 7%. Operating income increased 30%. And tthey margin was 27.7%, up 360 basis points. Finally, tthey first quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein LP was 7.1%, of which 190 basis points relate to tthey accrual of withholding taxes for foreign dividend that is unique to tthey first quarter. Excluding ttheir item, effective tax rate was 5.2% for tthey quarter which compares to tthey 5.5% we currently anticipate for full year 2018. We highlight ttheyse points on tthey next slide of ttheir presentation as well. And with that Seth, Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Michael Carrier Hi. Thanks guys. Seth, maybe a first question, you highlight some of tthey trends on tthey fee rates and tthey revenue growth has been favorable. Just on tthey flow trends and maybe tthey outlook, we saw really strong sales across channels. But tthey retail institutional, you mentioned in terms of tthey pickup in redemptions, like any indication on how much that was driven by like tthey market volatility and some of tthey shifts that we have seen in tthey quarter versus anything that's more product performance geared? Just trying to get some sense on tthey outlook on what's more environmental versus fundamental? Seth Bernstein Thanks Mike for tthey question. And I am going to start but I think John might jump in wtheyn I lead you astray. But my own view is that a lot of it is environmental, just given tthey theyightened level of volatility in tthey markets. I think that's most evident in Asia wtheyre our own investment performance remained quite strong, but market volatility which we have seen before had popped up again and I think we made note of that at tthey last earnings call that we are beginning to see greater volatility ttheyre. I think tthey trend toward more outflows is continuing generally. I think it's more industry related. Tthey one that I would highlight that's more related to us may have been investment performance and spread tightening and investment grade. That would be tthey one area that I would highlight as probably more unique to us in tthey industry. But John? John Weisenseel Mike I would add that particularly tthey redemption rates were very high in tthey high yield strategies, much higtheyr than tthey average for tthey portfolio. And I think theyre really tthey good news for tthey quarter was that even despite that and those are high fee products, we still had positive annual fee rate base add to tthey portfolio, which means that even though we had outflows, tthey net increase in revenue from tthey flows for tthey quarter was positive, which is a very strong thing. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at tthey institutional market, ttheyre tthey flows, tthey effective fee rate on tthey new flows were actually more than twice tthey fee rate on tthey outflows. So we are gaining ttheyre high fee business, losing low fee business. And ttheyn on tthey retail side, we lost some high fee business, but overall in tthey entire portfolio tthey revenues, we had positive contribution to revenues from tthey flows for tthey quarter. Michael Carrier Okay. Got it. And ttheyn just on tthey Bernstein Research services. You mentioned somewhat like tthey revenue recognition, like maybe timing. Just trying to get some color on, like was it a quarter impact that we would expect to see some of that come in throughout tthey year? Just trying to figure out like tthey MiFID stuff versus higtheyr activity levels and ttheyn whatever that factor was and how much that weigtheyd on tthey quarterly revenues? John Weisenseel Sure. Mike, it's John again. And I think tthey way to think about ttheir is, in tthey past we were paid a commission wtheyn we executed tthey trade. That commission covered both trading and tthey resources we were providing. What happened with tthey unbundling, we executed tthey trade. But, of course we were paid a commission just for tthey trading piece and we are supplying tthey research to tthey client, but haven't necessarily been paid for it. So for ttheir, we are on a cash basis recognition for revenue. So you are absolutely correct. We would expect that ttheyre is a lag theyre and that we would record that revenue wtheyn we get paid for that research in subsequent quarters. Michael Carrier Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. And your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citi. Your line is open. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey question ttheir morning. Just coming back to CRS platform. Could you size what that stands in terms of residual AUM? And maybe take a little bit layer deeper and sort of give us a sense of why you are seeing tthey lumpy outflows now? And how to size tthey revenue impact of that? Jim Gingrich Bill, in terms of tthey last part of your question, lumpy, it's a business that you might imagine that is from a outflow standpoint often impacted by corporate mergers or ottheyr types of events of that sort which can lead to decisions that are unrelated to performance, which is how I characterize both tthey situation that Seth mentioned, with respect to April as well as what we saw in tthey first quarter. I can see John is in tthey process of looking at tthey AUM. John Weisenseel Well, tthey AUM right now is about $44 billion that we currently have for tthey CRS strategies and keeping in mind ttheyse are all low fee. Ttheyy are typically just a couple of basis points. Bill Katz Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn tthey broader question is and I appreciate your guidance for tthey second quarter in terms of tthey comp ratio. You laid out a margin target of 30% by year-end as well as tthey potential for incremental margin improving on top of that from relocation. Could you give us an update on sort of how you can track relative to that 30% given wtheyre you are today? And ttheyn any update in terms of timing or decisions on tthey relocation that you can share with us today? John Weisenseel Sure. Bill, it's John. I think we are you are on track towards that 30%. And wtheyn we stripped out tthey real estate fees, as I mentioned, we were just below 28% for tthey quarter. So I think we are in good shape with regards to tthey 30% margin target. On tthey new office location, I think we have made some very good progress with regards to that during tthey quarter in terms of selecting a potential location and determining tthey potential scale of that office and anticipate that we will be able to make an announcement soon with regards to that. As we talked about before, ttheir will take place over a several year period. We would expect to incur transitional costs for tthey first couple of years before we achieve ongoing expense savings in tthey future. Not in a position to talk about that now, because we are still sizing everything up, but hope that wtheyn we have our next quarter call in July for tthey second quarter, that we will be able to give you some guidance with regards to that. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Alex Blostein Hi. Good morning everybody. I wanted to pick back up tthey discussion around fixed income trends and obviously, not particularly surprising again to see a little more volatility theyre high interest rates. But just taking a step back, can you guys spend a minute on just tthey lay of tthey land of your fixed income franctheire today? Wtheyn I look at tthey taxable side by channel and geography and ttheyn specifically again zoning in on high yield, maybe you guys can give us a again a sense of who are tthey holders in terms of retail, institutional and geographically to theylp us size tthey impact of volatility of higtheyr rates? Seth Bernstein Let me start and say, tthey Asian business is principally a credit business from tthey fixed income perspective and that's retail, principally again. I mean ttheyre are some large institutional, but that's more traditional global investment grade oriented for tthey most part. Tthey institutional nature of tthey business in tthey U.S. is much more significant and again it's a more traditional category and it runs tthey gamut of what we offer. But from a retail perspective in tthey U.S., I would say, it's again more high yield oriented in terms of tthey asset classes within fixed income that we have our allocations in. And in Europe, again like Asia, more credit oriented. John, do you have specific numbers? John Weisenseel No. I think I would have nothing to add ttheyre. Alex Blostein Okay. Thanks. And I guess like my second question is just an update on FlexFee Funds. I know you highlighted a couple of distribution partnerships that you formed already. But maybe just an update on what tthey uptick has been? Any sense of tthey assets on those platforms in ttheyse funds already? And kind of tthey puts and takes as you guys continue to market ttheir? Jim Gingrich Tthey asset from tthey funds remain small because we are now in startup mode with our distributors. But ttheyy are gearing pretty aggressively as are we from a marketing perspective to bring ttheir forward into tthey channels. But as we have said, ttheir is just a long lead time build and we want to manage expectations around that. Alex Blostein Sure. But I guess like any concerns or sounds of enthusiasm, positive or negative, early reads that you guys are getting from tthey channels? Jim Gingrich Tthey channels, we think, are quite excited about it. So I don't have reservations in that regard. My only theysitation is, I just don't want people to think that's going to impact 2018 or 2019 results materially, because I think it's really a long build out because remember, a lot of assets are in taxable accounts. for example and you don't want to trigger taxable events for clients moving ttheym in and out as a consequence. So I just want to manage expectations from that perspective. Alex Blostein Yes. Makes a lot of sense. Great. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. And your next question comes from tthey line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Craig Siegenthaler Thanks. Good morning Seth. First, as a follow-up theyre, with FlexFee. Do you think we will see ottheyr asset manager adopt ttheir vehicle in 2018? I know we have seen some already with Allianz. Seth Bernstein I think it's Allianz, I think also Fidelity, if I am not mistaken in Europe adopted it as well. I don't know wtheyttheyr we will see ottheyrs. I know ttheyy are talking about it or at least I have theyard ttheyy are talking about it. Craig Siegenthaler Okay. And ttheyn my second question theyre and listen I know you are limited on what you can say that tthey AXA USA split, but wtheyn you think about tthey business relationships you have between AXA SA and tthey parent, do you think ttheir could provide new business opportunities for you wtheyn tthey firm's split? Seth Bernstein It's hard to gauge that. We are very comfortable with relationships with both AXA SA and AXA Equitable and we have assurance that ttheyy want to maintain tthey relationship from tthey AXA SA level, which we have received recently. But I think on balance, tthey opportunities with AXA are pretty well explored. We continue to talk about new opportunities and ttheyy are supportive of it, particularly on seeding new ideas, but I would say tthey ottheyr opportunities away from it would be with regard to competitors of AXA who might consider us for more business than ttheyy might have in tthey prior structure. I think only time will tell ttheyre. Craig Siegenthaler Got it. Thank you Seth. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Rob Lee with KBW. Your line is open. Rob Lee Thanks. Good morning guys. I guess my first question, maybe ttheir is a question, maybe it's a little bit of a request. But given you have tthey improving fee rate and positive mix shift in your business, if we were to try to back into tthey revenue contribution of flows in ttheir quarter despite tthey kind of modest negative number, I am assuming that would be positive and any sense of tthey magnitude of that? And I guess maybe tthey second part of that, if tthey FlexFee products do start to take off and gattheyr assets, would you consider adding that type of disclosure so we can get a sense of how tthey impact of that is impacting tthey net revenue mix in tthey short term at least? Jim Gingrich Rob, as Seth indicated, I think, in their remarks, we did while our active equity flows were negative just over $1 billion, tthey actual if you were to measure organic growth in revenue terms to your point, it was slightly positive, about 1% positive, which contributed to tthey fee rate being up 1% sequentially. And that's just a function of tthey mix. And as you indicated, it's a combination of things like equities and alternatives or multi-asset which carry higtheyr fees in some of tthey areas wtheyre we saw outflows. Rob Lee Okay. Great. And maybe as a follow-up, Seth, I think wtheyn you joined, I guess, about a year ago now, give or take, almost, I think one of tthey things you talked about wtheyn you came onboard was how tthey firm had spent a lot of time rightly so expanding its product line in a lot of different areas over tthey years. And I think you felt that one of tthey things that you could value or need to be done was kind of really maximizing tthey sales of all ttheyse strategies that you had across tthey platform. And clearly ttheyre is evidence of that, given tthey good gross sales numbers. But can you maybe talk a little bit about what type of maybe distribution changes, if any, you implemented or you think maybe things that maybe could still be kind of tweaked to continue to drive tthey stronger gross sales, besides tthey obvious thing of having good performance to theylp? Seth Bernstein Thanks, Rob, for tthey question. I wish I could claim credit for tthey increasing momentum. I think it was already theyre and growing given tthey investments that were made and as you pointed out tthey performance that we have been able to demonstrate for clients. I did say and continue to believe that we have a full suite of services that I think offer a compelling value proposition for perspective clients. Our challenge was to effectively sell ttheym through our clients. And I would tell you that probably tthey largest investment we are making globally is in distribution, wtheyttheyr it's in Europe wtheyre we are continuing to build out on tthey ground on tthey continent wtheyre we are seeing real tick-up, in Asia to a lesser degree, wtheyre we are already pretty well-developed but we continue to explore opportunities ttheyre and ttheyn particularly theyre in tthey United States. And that build out isn't just people. In fact, it may more be technology wtheyre we are spending our time and effort to leverage our salespeople more and provide more immediate and actionable feedback to our clients and distributors. And so it is wtheyre we are focusing a lot of our time and effort. And I think tthey results so far have been promising but it's a long build. Rob Lee Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back to Ms. Prochniak for closing remarks. Adam Prochniak Thank you everyone for participating in our conference call today. If you have any follow up, feel free to contact Investor Relations. Thanks and have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.