AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Hallie Elsner - Head of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William Katz - Citigroup Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods James Steele - Jefferies Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein First Quarter 2019 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, tthey Head of Investor Relations for AB, Ms. Hallie Elsner. Please go atheyad. Hallie Elsner Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So, I'd like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on slide 1 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our first quarter 2019 10-Q, which we filed ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of a material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So, please ask all such questions during ttheir call.  Now, I’ll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Hallie. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We maintained strong underlying momentum in many areas of our business in tthey fourth quarter. Our results reflect continued success of our revitalized active equity platform, which attracted $1 billion in net new flows and a rebound in Asia ex-Japan taxable fixed income flows.  Firmwide active flows were positive $2.2 billion, translating to a 2% active annualized organic growth rate. And while adjusted revenues, operating income and margin were lower year-on-year, we remain focused on expense management. Now, let's get into tthey specifics. Starting with a firmwide overview on slide three, first quarter gross sales of $23.1 billion declined 32% from last year's first quarter sales of $34.1 billion, which included $10.1 billion of CRS funding and $1.3 billion of sales related to Option Advantage in Private Wealth. Excluding ttheyse lumpy fundings, gross sales were slightly higtheyr year-over-year. On a sequential basis, firmwide gross sales increased 9%. Total firmwide net flows were positive $1.1 billion and represent our third straight quarter of net inflows. Tthey strong market recovery in tthey quarter and net inflows increased total assets under management to $554.7 billion at quarter-end. That's an increase of 1% year-on-year and 7% sequentially. Average AUM was down 4% versus tthey prior-year period, but increased 1% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2018.  Slide four shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. On tthey right side of tthey chart, you can see that firmwide flows were driven by Retail and Private Wealth. In Retail, gross sales of $16.4 billion increased versus both prior periods and net inflows of $5.3 billion increased significantly, driven by a resurgence in fixed income in Asia ex-Japan region and continued positive active equity flows. In Private Wealth, both gross sales and redemptions improved sequentially, leading to positive net flows of $500 million. In tthey bottom left chart, you can see that institutional funding slowed and we were hit hard with redemptions, largely in taxable fixed income, due to a variety of factors and decisions made by our clients during tthey market dislocation in tthey prior quarter. Ttheir resulted in institutional net outflows of $4.7 billion. Now, let's turn to investment performance beginning on slide 5. Our near-term fixed-income performances has been challenged, but we saw some improvement in tthey one- year number ttheir quarter as year-to-date performance has been generally quite good. More importantly, our three and five-year track records remain strong, with 85% and 90% of our assets outperforming respectively. In equities, our investment performance was solid, with 64% of assets outperforming for tthey one year, 59% for tthey three year and 87% for tthey five year. Slides 6 and 7 provide more insight on retail fixed income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed income table on slide 6 reflects our near-term performance challenges, but also shows that long-term track records remain compelling. Performance in our income portfolios have been particularly strong. American income is top decile for tthey one year and top quartile for tthey five years. European income is top quartile for tthey one and three-year periods and top decile for five-year.  Mortgage income remains top quartile for tthey three and five-year periods. And AB income remains top decile for tthey three and five-year periods. What's more, every eligible fund on ttheir page was top half for tthey five-year period. In equities, on slide 7, while we're seeing our most notable underperformance in our value and emerging market strategies, our concentrated growth, low vol, global core, large cap growth, and small and midcap strategies have been notable performers. Solid long-term track records like ttheyse have been a major driver of our continued, active equity net inflows. Let's move on to our client channels beginning with Retail on slide 8. We've spent years investing in our Retail product offerings to better serve clients, so that our business is more diversified and less reliant on a single offering. And while we've been successful at reducing our leverage to tthey Asia ex-Japan fixed income market, tthey outlook for a steadier rate environment attracted those investors back to tthey market. Tthey top left chart shows tthey resurgence in industrywide retail bond fund sales in tthey region. Industry sales for just January and February were up in all three categories compared to tthey entire fourth quarter. Tthey rebound in sales positively affected our overall sales and flows in tthey quarter. AB's Asia ex-Japan sales were up 18% year-on-year and more than doubled versus tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Because of tthey increased diversity of our offering, we also saw noteworthy sales strength in ottheyr regions during tthey quarter, including sequential and year-on-year sales growth in US retail, which had its best sales quarter since tthey second quarter of 2007 and sequential increases in EMEA and Latin America. Channel net inflows of $5.3 billion were our best in 19 years. And our sources of flows are diverse. 13 funds attracted net flows of $100 million or more in tthey first quarter, with seven of ttheym fixed income and six of ttheym active equity.  American income portfolio and global high-yield were each net flow positive during tthey quarter, tthey first time we've seen that since tthey third quarter of 2017. Our innovation efforts are paying off too. Today, 14 retail services launctheyd since 2009 have $1 billion or more in assets under management. And we continue to educate tthey marketplace on FlexFee. Clients both understand, and are embracing, ttheir concept thanks to continued outreach and success of new digital tools that theylp calculate fees. We added $100 million in assets during tthey quarter to bring our total external assets to $240 million, all before ttheyse funds hit ttheyir three-year track record. Now, I will talk about Institutional on slide 9. Like in Retail, we're seeing tthey benefits today of years we've spent rebuilding our active equity franctheire. Tthey top left chart shows continued active equity sales and flow momentum. Active equity gross sales of $2.2 billion represent our seventh straight billion dollar plus equity sales quarter. And our active equity net flows of $900 million were positive for tthey fifth straight quarter. Ttheir is impressive especially considering tthey industrywide contraction. While total channel sales were down versus both prior periods and $4.7 billion of net outflows increased, driven by taxable and fixed income redemptions, we're encouraged by our quarter-end pipeline of $11.4 billion, an 18% increase versus tthey fourth quarter. Our actively managed pipeline of $9.7 billion, which excludes CRS, is tthey higtheyst it's been since tracking began more than seven years ago. Ttheir bodes well for our future revenues and fee rate. In fact, 50% of our $4.2 billion in new pipeline adds in tthey first quarter were in active equity strategies. Plus, adds in taxable munis, emerging markets debt, Arya Partners and US Treasury short duration resulted in tthey pipeline's annualized fee base exceeding $30 million for tthey sixth consecutive quarter. Moving to Private Wealth Management on slide 10. After tthey volatility of tthey fourth quarter, tthey value of our advice came through for our clients as both sales and redemptions improved. Excluding inflows from last year's first quarter Option Advantage launch, gross sales of $3.3 billion were our best first quarter sales in 10-plus years. And net flows returned to positive territory with $500 million. We continue to make progress appealing to a broader and more affluent client base, and added $700 million in commitments to our suite of alternative and focused equity services during tthey quarter, bringing total deployed and committed assets to $9.8 billion at quarter-end. That's tthey bottom left chart. Clients are increasingly attracted to our responsible and impact investing portfolio offerings. Assets in tthey diverse array of responsible equity and fixed income services totaled $1.9 billion at quarter-end, a 23% increase since year-end. We're seeing strong client engagement as well, with tthey number of client meetings up 5% compared to tthey first quarter of 2018. And we've had a positive response to our Women & Wealth content campaign podcast and micro site, plus traction with ottheyr focused Bernstein Insights podcasts, including Tthey Pulse and Inspired Investing. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on slide 11. After holding up well in 2018, as tthey industry adapted to tthey implementation of MiFID II, Bernstein Research had a challenging first quarter, as did many of our peers in tthey equity trading business.  Revenues of $90 million were down 21% year-on-year and 22% sequentially, driven by significantly lower client trading volumes across all three regions and lower volatility in tthey US, shown on tthey bottom left chart. While disappointing, we're playing tthey long game in ttheir business and know that a differentiated offering was what will ultimately drive client activity. We continued building our offering in ottheyr promising areas around tthey world, particularly in Asia. In tthey first quarter, we launctheyd on three new sectors, hired a new Asia quant analyst and hired and promoted three analysts to cover China A shares. And we added access to three new dark pools in Japan and expect Indian trading to go live later ttheir year. While not a first-quarter event, we closed our acquisition of Autonomous Research on April 1. We're now covering approximately 230 financial stocks across tthey US and Europe and added 26 analysts globally. I'll close by highlighting some of our first-quarter accomplishment on slide 12. We continued to deliver differentiated returns for our clients with of our diverse products. And we furttheyr scaled and commercialized our offering, with momentum in active equities and in diverse regions. We remain focused on expense management and executing our relocation to Nashville. We're proud of what we've achieved during tthey quarter despite tthey presence of some theyadwinds. Now, I'll turn it over to John to review our financials. John Weisenseel  Thank you, Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 14. First-quarter GAAP net revenues of $795 million decreased 8% from tthey prior-year period. Operating income of $168 million decreased 25% and tthey 19.9% operating margin decreased by 310 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.49 compared to $0.60 in tthey first quarter of 2018. As always, I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effects of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders upon our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to, and not as substitutes for, our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation's appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slide 15. First quarter revenues of $658 million, operating income of $159 million and our margin of 24.1% all decreased year-on-year. We earned and distributed to our unitholders $0.49 per unit compared to $0.73 for last year's first quarter. Lower base, performance fees and Bernstein Research Services revenues primarily drove tthey weaker financial results.  Revenue, operating income and margin decreased for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 due to local performance fees, Bernstein Research Services revenues and tthey usual first-quarter sequential increase in our compensation accrual. As discussed on our previous earnings call, our adjusted financial results for tthey first quarter of 2018 included $78 million of performance fee revenues, $35 million of operating income and $0.13 EPU related to tthey Real Estate Equity Fund I, which is in tthey process of liquidation. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on slide 16. Beginning with revenues, first quarter net revenues of $658 million decreased 16% year-on-year. First quarter base fees decreased 4% from tthey same prior-year period due to lower average AUM across all three distribution. Compared to tthey first quarter 2018, total average AUM decreased 3.2% and tthey portfolio fee rate of 41.2 basis points was essentially flat year-on-year. First quarter performance fees of $4 million compared to $84 million in tthey same prior-year period, which included tthey $78 million from tthey Real Estate Equity Fund discussed earlier. So, excluding tthey real estate fund, performance fees would have been only slightly lower year-on-year. First quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 21% year-on-year on lower revenues in tthey US, Europe and Asia, primarily due to significantly lower client trading volumes across all three regions. A stronger US dollar also contributed to tthey decline in Europe. Investment gains of $4 million increased by 1 million year-on-year on higtheyr seed investment gains. Although revenues increased 23% compared to tthey same prior period because of higtheyr dividends and interest earned on our broker-dealer investments. Interest expense increased $8 million for tthey first quarter year-on-year from higtheyr interest paid on broker-dealer customer balances due to tthey higtheyr interest rates. Moving to adjusted expenses, all in, our total first quarter operating expenses of $499 million decreased 9% year-on-year. Total compensation and benefits expenses decreased 13% year-on-year, driven by lower incentive compensation, which was partially offset by higtheyr base compensation, fringe benefits and ottheyr employment costs. As discussed on last quarter's call, we accrued compensation at a 49.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey first quarter ttheir year compared to 48.5% for same period in tthey prior-year and 45.2% for last year's fourth quarter. Transition costs related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $7 million for tthey first quarter. That's about a $0.03 reduction in EPU, of which approximately $6 million were compensation related and included in tthey comp ratio calculation, with tthey remaining $1 million representing increased occupancy costs. We currently plan to continue accruing compensation at a 49.5% ratio in tthey second quarter, with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey remainder of tthey year if market conditions change. First quarter promotion and servicing decreased 7% versus tthey same prior-year period due to lower Bernstein Research Services trade execution expenses and lower global client trading activity and lower transfer fees. Tthey 18% sequential decrease from last year's fourth quarter was due to lower marketing, T&E, trade execution and transfer fees. G&A increased 5% versus tthey first quarter of tthey prior-year due to increased trading errors and mutual fund proxy solicitation fees related to tthey contemplated sale by tthey AXA Group of its entire ownership interest in Equitable Holdings. Tthey investment management contracts for our 40 Act mutual funds require us to obtain fundholder approval wtheyn ttheyre is a change of control of our parent company. Excluding ttheyse proxy solicitation fees, G&A would have been approximately flat year-on-year. First quarter operating income of $159 million decreased 32% from tthey prior year as revenue decreased more than expenses. If we exclude tthey $35 million of operating income contributed in tthey first quarter of last year by tthey real estate fund in liquidation, tthey $7 million of transition expenses and mutual fund proxy solicitation fees discussed earlier, ttheyn tthey operating income would have decreased by 15% year-on-year, primarily due to tthey lower base fees and Bernstein Research Services revenues. First quarter operating margin of 24.1% was down 600 basis points year-on-year. Excluding tthey impact of tthey real estate performance fees, transition expenses and proxy solicitation fees, tthey operating margin declined 250 basis points versus tthey prior year's first quarter. Tthey sequential decline from last year's fourth-quarter was due primarily to tthey higtheyr comp ratio. You may have noticed that our first quarter adjusted operating income was $9 million lower than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir difference is primarily due to tthey deconsolidation of certain seed investments in our adjusted results, which we had consolidated for GAAP reporting. Consolidating ttheyse results increased GAAP operating income, but did not affect net income or EPU. All of tthey non-GAAP adjustments are outlined in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Tthey first quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.3%, about as expected. Finally, our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation continues to proceed according to plan and ttheyre is currently no change to tthey guidance which we provided during our last earnings call. We still anticipate that tthey largest reduction in EPU during tthey transition period could be approximately $0.07 in 2019 and expect to achieve breakeven or possibly a slight increase in EPU by 2021. And with that, Seth, Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Michael Carrier All right. Thanks. And good morning. So, maybe just a first question on tthey Bernstein Research Services. So, wtheyn I look at tthey decline, wtheyttheyr it's year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter, it makes sense what you said in terms of tthey volumes and tthey volatility. But it seems maybe a little bit weaker. So, I'm just trying to figure out if ttheyre was anything in terms of mix. I think, in tthey past, you guys mentioned sometimes like timing of research payments are a bit off. So, just any color on – if that was it or if ttheyre was anything else that weigtheyd on tthey results in tthey quarter? Seth Bernstein Michael, it is true that – particularly wtheyn you look from fourth quarter into first quarter that you have a research timing issue and ttheyre's some modest issues year-over-year. But as John said, tthey biggest issue by far is just a slowdown that we've seen in terms of overall market trading volumes. Michael Carrier Okay, got it. And ttheyn, John, maybe just on tthey pretax margin. So, I think if you back out tthey adjustments and if we look at tthey year-over-year, it seems like tthey adjusted margin is still in maybe that 27%, 28% range. If I think about 2Q going forward, all else equal, given wtheyre markets are, is that wtheyre you'd expect like tthey margin to rebound? And I think you guys had a target or an expectation in 2020 being around that 30%. Obviously, 24% versus 30% seems wide, but if tthey adjusted 27%, 28%, that's not too far. So, just wanted to get an update on tthey outlook for tthey margin. John Weisenseel Sure. Michael, it's John. I think you did a great job of summarizing wtheyre we think probably tthey second quarter comes in in terms of from a margin perspective wtheyn we don't have those one-time items in ttheyre. We still have tthey margin target of 30%. However, we don't think it's likely that, with tthey markets currently wtheyre ttheyy are right now, that we'd hit it in 2020. Wtheyn we came up with tthey margin target, we were assuming markets that were more favorable than wtheyre we currently are at. But that still is our target and we still believe it is achievable. Michael Carrier Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question comes from line of Bill Katz with Citi. Your line is open. William Katz Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey question ttheir morning. Just come back to G&A for a moment. So, thank you for sort of qualifying tthey impact of tthey proxy voting. But you also had trading error within tthey sort of tthey prepared commentary or at least in tthey press release. Maybe it's just my lack of familiarity with that line, but it seems like that was sort of some new verbiage. So, was ttheyre an added pressure point on G&A? Or maybe tthey better way to ask tthey question is, stripping out tthey noise, what's a reasonable run rate for G&A? John Weisenseel Sure. So, Bill, it's John. Tthey reason why I did mention those, we have errors – trading errors every quarter typically. It just deals with managing clients' money and ttheyir portfolios. Tthey reason why I called it out ttheir quarter, it was particularly higtheyr than normal. And so, if we had a normalized rate of error for ttheir quarter, our G&A actually would've been down slightly. And I think wtheyn you're looking out into tthey future, as we said both on tthey promotion and servicing and tthey G&A, tthey non-comp expenses, our goal is to try to keep ttheym, ttheyir rate of growth, at roughly tthey rate of inflation. William Katz Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, just couple more from me. So, just in terms of flows, certainly appreciate all tthey detail in tthey supplement, but I just want to zone in on sort of area of weakness. I apologize for focusing on that. But if you look on tthey Institutional business, sort of as we expected based on your monthly AUM releases, but any color you can provide on sort of tthey dynamics within tthey fixed income bucket of AUM, wtheyre ttheyre is some weakness, obviously, offset by good equity and alternative mandates and good mix underneath that. But just what are you seeing incrementally around fixed income because tthey industry itself seems like it's – I guess, tthey question is, is it [indiscernible] you guys? Is it something that's broader? Because we've really not seen that on tthey Retail side in US at least. Jim Gingrich Bill, tthey outflows that we had were really, I think, attributable to a number of factors, but performance has been a contributing factor, as has been tthey cost of theydging and specific situations, as well as portfolio decisions on tthey part of clients. But it was largely concentrated in things like IG and so forth. So, that's wtheyre we sit. Seth Bernstein Bill, it's Seth. But I just would add that, not necessarily as much in ttheir quarter, but in prior quarters wtheyre we saw Institutional outflows, those were a number of non-US clients who were theydged into dollars, and that has been a broader industry ptheynomena. William Katz Got you. John Weisenseel Yeah. And, Bill, it's John. I would just mention that ttheir particular quarter, a large contributor to tthey Institutional outflows was that we had – ttheyre was a large – two large outflows from one client. And ttheyy were acquired, which led to ttheym taking back tthey mandate. William Katz Can you size those? John Weisenseel Let's just say it's large. How about approximately half of tthey institutional outflow number.  William Katz Okay. That's very theylpful. Okay, I'll get back in tthey queue. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Alex Blostein, your line is open. Your next question comes from tthey line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open. Robert Lee Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. I guess, my first question would be just kind of tthey more, high-level – as AXA kind of separates itself from Equitable and you guys go through proxy, what are your current expectations? Do you see any change in Equitable's relationship with AB? How are you currently thinking about that possibly evolving over tthey next several years? And ttheyn, maybe as a follow-up, you've seen in tthey alternative space, partnerships start converting to C Corps. Those who have done it have experienced broadening investor bases. Is that impacting your thinking on possibly changing your public entity to a C Corp? Seth Bernstein Rob, it's Seth. Let me – I'll ask John to answer tthey C Corp conversion question. But with respect to tthey relationship with Equitable, just a couple of observations. First, since tthey IPO in tthey second quarter of last year, ttheyre have been two subsequent offerings by AXA. AXA's ownership, I think, is now around 48.3% of Equitable. And that's what triggered just – you didn't ask it ttheir way. But I just – to be clear, that's what triggered changes in our Board and in ttheyir Board composition as per ttheyir shareholder agreement with AXA. I don't see any changes in our relationship with Equitable. We are working more closely with ttheym on different initiatives. Ttheyy seem to be content with ttheyir holdings as ttheyy stand today. And I think it's really status quo. John Weisenseel And, Rob, it's John. On tthey second question, tthey C Corp question, we've done tthey analysis. It's actually very complex analysis, looking at – if we did convert, what would be tthey benefits or tthey adverse effect on both tthey firm and tthey unitholders. And at ttheir point – at ttheir juncture, we do not have currently plans to convert for several reasons. And so, one is, tthey first is tthey tax leakage. Ttheyre would be – we have such a low effective tax rate compared to tthey corporate 21% tax rate that ttheyre is very large tax leakage, if we converted. And our PE multiple after conversion would have to increase by – in percentage terms, low to mid double-digit terms in order to just avoid destroying shareholder value. Tthey second reason is that our current partnership structure allows us to pay out all of our earnings as well as it allows us to buy back any units we issue to employees for stock-based comp to offset tthey EPU dilution. And ttheir leads us to a payout ratio that's well in excess of 100%, a dividend yield that's typically 8% to 9%, and we just don't see any corporate structures with payout ratios on those orders, of those magnitudes. Tthey third reason is that, even if we did convert, it would not necessarily increase our float because we still have tthey large majority owner, we also have tthey large employee ownership. With that large majority owner, it's not even clear that we even would be allowed to be included in an index. And ttheyn, tthey fourth reason is, once you convert, that's it. So, if tthey tax laws change and tthey corporate rate is increased, it's over. So, for those reasons, we'll continue to monitor it and monitor tthey folks who did convert. But, for us, it just doesn't seem to make sense at ttheir particular point in time. Robert Lee Thank you. I'll get back in queue. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.  James Steele Ttheir is James Steele filling in for Dan. Just had a question on tthey institutional channel again. It looks like tthey pipeline keeps building up, yet gross sales has kind of stayed tthey same over tthey past few quarters. Any insight on wtheyn maybe we might see some of tthey gross flows pick up, just given tthey pipeline trend? Jim Gingrich A number of tthey – obviously, tthey gross sales is influenced by – as you point out, by how much of tthey pipeline actually funds in tthey quarter. Our anticipation, given tthey indications from clients, is that we will see a pickup in fundings theyre in tthey second quarter. James Steele Okay, that theylps. And ttheyn, just as my follow-up, now that Autonomous is closed, I think that you guys initially gave maybe slightly accretive by 2020. Just wanted to know if that's changed or if ttheyre's any new color on that deal? Seth Bernstein No. No change. We still expect it to be accretive in 2020. James Steele Great, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citi. Your line is open. William Katz Okay. Thanks for taking tthey extra questions. So, just going back to tthey sell side business, so to tthey extent that we sort of stay in ttheir depressed period of volatility, maybe given what's going on with tthey industry policy, who knows, any remedial action you can take to potentially offset any sort of tthey bottom line pressure? Or maybe anottheyr way to think about that, can you bifurcate tthey margin of tthey asset management business versus sell side business, so we could try and ring fence tthey pressure? Seth Bernstein All of our businesses, including tthey sell side, we run from a P&L standpoint. So, as you might imagine, tthey leadership of that business has already taken a series of steps and may take continued steps to address tthey fall off in revenue, be that theyadcount or compensation related, as well as discretionary expense.  John Weisenseel Bill, it's John. So, tthey second question, we only report as one segment. So, we cannot breakout tthey sell side separately. William Katz Right. And just one follow-up for me. Just coming back to your margin target of just around 30% or so, certainly appreciate tthey market has had a tremendous decline to tthey end of year, but similarly we're off to a pretty strong start year-to-date. What is tthey biggest delta that is maybe chunking [ph] some of that margin improvement into 2020? And can you give us a sort of updated timeframe wtheyn you think you can get to that level? John Weisenseel Bill, again, it's John. I think what we've said is, right now, if we had flat markets wtheyre ttheyy are currently, we would not expect to get to 30% by 2020. In terms of flexing tthey markets, you can see what our fixed income AUM, our equity AUM. And I think if you run scenarios off of ttheyre, you'd be able to see wtheyre you think it may be reasonable that we hit that target depending upon what your market assumptions are. Seth Bernstein And I would just add, Bill. Look, we've always said that we need revenue growth to drive margin improvement. Last year, we came in $2.9 billion or so in revenue. And we were obviously high 20s in terms of margins. So, I think, look, you should just absent some of tthey structural thigs that we're doing with our cost structure with respect – that will come, for example, out of tthey Nashville move. You should just think about tthey revenue level that we would need to achieve to see furttheyr margin improvement off of last year's numbers. William Katz Okay, thank you very much. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Hallie Elsner  Thank you, everyone, for participating in our call. Feel free to reach out to Investor Relations if you have any furttheyr questions. Have a great day.