AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President, and Chief Executive Officer Ali Dibadj - Chief Financial Officer, and Head of Strategy Kate Burke - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Bill Katz - Citigroup Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company Robert Lee - KBW John Dunn - Evercore ISI Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session, and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, and will be available for replay for two weeks. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our site of our Web site, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey Company's results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; and Ali Dibadj, CFO and Head of Strategy. Kate Burke, our COO, will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So, I'd like to point out tthey safe harbor language on slide two of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 10-K, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So, please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report 2021 results that showed a substantial progress. We accelerated our full-year organic revenue growth to 5%, including a 1% fee rate increase, marking our third year in a row of active organic growth, and fourth out of tthey last five. Active equities, including ESG, municipals, and alternatives/multi-asset, each grew organically at double-digit rates ttheir year. Investment performance strengttheyned, with 89% of fixed income and 72% of active equity AUM outperforming in 2021. Our institutional pipeline's annualized fee base exceeded $65 million, and we launctheyd a diverse set of new client-focused offerings, at tthey same time strengttheyning our strategic partnership with Equitable Holdings. For tthey year, our adjusted operating margin expanded 350 basis points to 33.6%. We delivered 34% growth in both earnings and distributions to unit holders. Let's get into tthey specifics, starting with a firm-wide overview on slide four. Fourth quarter gross sales accelerated to $39.4 billion, up 8% or 26% from a year ago, and up 22% sequentially, resulting in a record full-year gross sales of $150 billion, up 21% from tthey prior year. Fourth quarter firm-wide active net inflows were $6.4 billion; a 4% annualized organic growth rate, and a full-year active net inflows of $26.3 billion, also grew 4% organically or 5% including a 1% free rate improvement. Year-end assets under management, of $779 billion, rose 14% year-over-year. And full-year AUM, of $731 billion, increased 18% versus tthey prior year. Slide five shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firm-wide fourth quarter net inflows, of $7.4 billion, represented 4% annualized organic growth. Net inflows were positive in each channel for tthey fourth quarter in a row, and tthey sixth of tthey last -- fifth of tthey last six. Retail generated its strongest growth sales ever, leading to net inflows of $6.3 billion. Active equities and continued strength of munis theylped to offset outflows in taxable fixed income. Institutional sales, of $6.6 billion, led to net inflows of $400 million, driven by active equities. In Private Wealth, gross sales increased 40% over tthey prior year period, with net inflows, $700 million, as we continued to grow engagement in tthey ultra-high-net-worth cohort, supported by our focus on pre-liquidity planning, coupled with an innovative product suite. Slide six shows tthey annual net flows' trends. Tthey firm's strongest growth sales year ever led to firm-wide net inflows of $26.1 billion. Retail reactheyd a record $100 billion in gross sales, active inflows of $20.8 billion were driven by 20% organic growth in active equities, and 23% growth in municipals which offset continued outflows from global high income service. Institutional sales declined year-over-year net of a one-time benefit from tthey Venerable sale. We posted net inflows for tthey year of $2.3 billion. And Private Wealth had its strongest sales year I more than 20 years, with inflows of $3 billion positive in each quarter of 2021. Investment performance is shown on slide seven. Starting with fixed income, tthey fourth quarter concluded a [bolo] [Ph] year for fixed income markets, with yield curves in developed markets flattening, and longer-term yields mixed as central bank monetary policies diverged. For tthey year, yields rose in all major developed markets as tthey recovery in economic growth solidified, and inflation surged. Risk assets were mixed, with most credit sectors outperforming governments, let by U.S. and pan-European high yield. Our fixed income performance remained strong, with 89% of our fixed income assets outperforming over tthey one-year period, and 72% and 70% of assets outperforming over tthey three and five-year periods, respectively. In tax exempt, six of our 10 retain municipal funds remained in tthey top decile of ttheyir Morningstar peer group across all time periods, with all 10 in tthey top quartile across all periods. Our muni bond inflation strategy was in tthey top 1% across all periods, and our tax-aware vehicles, including SMA, grew by 25% organically. Turning to equities, despite bouts of volatility, 2021 was anottheyr strong year for equities globally as tthey MSCI World Index advanced by 24.2%. U.S. large caps led tthey way, with S&P 500 up 28.7%, and developed markets outperforming emerging markets. [Sales] [Ph] returns flipped repeatedly, with value stocks rallying through May, and gross stocks regaining leadership until December. In equities, our percentage of assets outperforming remained theyalthy, with 73% of AUM outperforming for tthey one-year period, 48% for tthey three-year period, and 75% for tthey five-year period. Three-year performance dipped sequentially as our U.S. large cap growth composite trailed tthey Russell 1000 growth benchmark, which is highly concentrated, with five companies comprising 38% weight at tthey year-end. Tthey strategy did however outperform relative to its Morningstar peer group for tthey three-year period. Our focus remains on identifying high-quality companies with strong fundamentals and reasonable valuations, characteristics which can theylp reduce risk in down markets while participating in a market recovery. We are paying close attention to pricing power as well as how distortions that may have inflated or compressed earnings over tthey past two years will play out as business conditions normalize. Now I would like to review our client channels beginning with retail on slide eight. Record annual sales of $100 billion were up $21 billion or 27% from tthey prior year high. Active equities sales grew by $23 billion with net flows up 20% organically driven by Japan, U.S., and sub-advisory. And muni sales grew by over 40%. Fourth quarter net inflows were $6.3 billion, up 9% annualized organically with full-year net inflows of $20.8 billion, up 8% organically. As shown on tthey upper left, 2021 was our fifth straight year of active equity inflows with organic growth averaging 11% over that period. U.S. large cap growth led tthey way among 10 different equity products that each exceeded $250 million of net inflows. Once again, municipals grew by over 20% annualized led by our SMA, tax aware, and muni bond inflation strategies theylping to offset continued taxable fixed income outflows. ESG Portfolios with Purpose grew to $31.5 billion, up 16% sequentially and 91% year-over-year driven by our U.S. and global sustainable ttheymatic strategies. In tthey fourth quarter, Sustainable Global Ttheymatic won tthey Green Fund Award and tthey Financial Services Awards of Excellence publittheyyd by tthey Hong Kong Economic Journal. Turning to institutional on slide nine, fourth quarter gross sales was $6.5 billion, declined 34% from year ago while rebounding from a slower third quarter. Full-year sales were $31.7 billion including tthey Venerable sale. We drove net inflows of $4 million in tthey fourth quarter and $2.3 billion for tthey year; our third consecutive year of organic growth. Inflows in Customized Retirement Solutions or CRS, Commercial Real Estate Debt or CRED, European CRED and active equities offset outflows in taxable fixed income and passive equities. Our middle market lending business was awarded to institutional mandates to consultants successfully competing against larger better known alternative managers. Our institutional pipeline grew to a record $21.5 billion at quarter-end led by $1.5 billion global core equity mandate. Tthey annualized fee base reactheyd $65 million. Tthey majority of which was from alternatives. Our pipeline included a $9.7 billion low-fee CRS mandate which funded in January 22. While pipeline AUM will be significantly reduced for tthey foreseeable future, tthey annualized fee base excluding ttheir mandate remains above $60 million with an active fee rate more than three times tthey channel average. With respect to AXA for whom we currently manage $20 billion in AUM, we continue to expect $5 billion of low-fee retail redemptions in tthey first-half of 2022. Moving to private wealth management on slide 10, fourth quarter and full-year gross sales grew by 40% and 27% respectively versus tthey year-ago period driven by strong advisor productivity. Net inflows were $700 million in tthey fourth quarter, positive in each quarter of 2021 and five of tthey last six quarters. For tthey year, we grew net inflows by $3 billion or 3% organically. We continue to see our mix shift towards our ultra high net worth $20 million and over clients influenced by a pre-liquidity event planning efforts. From which, gross sales more than doubled in 2021. In 2021, we launctheyd nine innovative product offerings including Real Estate Equity Plus, ABLSV Partners One [Ph], which is our new secondary's offering, global disrupters fund and sustainable intermediate duration to name a few. In tthey fourth quarter, we closed on our commercial U.S. real estate debt private debt fund with over $200 million in capital commitments. And for tthey full-year, commitments to private alternative products more than doubled versus tthey prior year. Our proprietary separately managed equity tax loss harvesting product grew by 32% sequentially while muni impact in tthey ESG portfolio continued to grow strongly. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on slide 11. Fourth quarter Bernstein Research revenues decreased by 4% year-over-year and full-year net revenues decreased by 2% year-over-year. We experienced a fourth quarter slowdown in Asia trading volumes reflecting caution on tthey part of investors measuring tthey spillover effect of tthey Chinese property market among ottheyr events. Full-year trading volumes reflected less volatility in 2021 as compared to 2020 wtheyn tthey COVID sell off and ensuing recovery lifted volumes. For tthey full-year, Asia trading commissions increased in tthey high teens while research ctheyck posted mid single-digit growth, reflecting our premium research franctheire. In November, we theyld our second virtual operational decisions conference with an impressive lineup of senior executives from over 51 companies in various sector. And we launctheyd coverage on three new sectors ttheir past quarter; two in China, one in Europe. I'll now review progress against our growth initiatives on slide 12. Our investment performance strengttheyned in 2021 with 70% more of our both fixed income and equity outperforming over tthey one and five year period. We drove organic growth across each channel all four quarters last year and five of tthey last six quarters with retail positive 12 of tthey last 14 quarters, and institutional positive, 10 of tthey last 11. Active's equities remained tthey standout performer. Private wealth grew by 3% positive in each quarter of 2021 and five of tthey last six quarters with active client engagement and nine diverse new product offering. Our ESG Portfolios with Purpose now stand at $31.5 billion and AUM of 91% year-over-year. In alternatives, we launctheyd our Climate-Focused 1.5 degree long short equity strategy and closed on our commercial real estate debt private debt fund. Financially, we delivered on our commitments posting incremental margins of 53% above our long-term target range of 45 to 50%. Full-year adjusted operating margin of 33.6% was up 350 basis points year-over-year with adjusted earnings unit holder distributions up 34% versus tthey prior year. I'll return to share thoughts on our growth strategy. But before that, I'll turn it over to Ali to review tthey financials. Ali? Ali Dibadj Thanks, Seth. Let's start with a GAAP income statement on slide 14. Fourth quarter GAAP net revenues of $1.3 billion increased 19% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $393 million increased 30%, and operating margin of 30.8% increased by 240 basis points. GAAP EPU of $1.27 in tthey quarter increased by 31% year-over-year. For tthey full-year, GAAP net revenues of $4.4 billion increased 20%. Operating income of $1.2 billion rose 34%. And, operating margin of 27.3% increased to 170 basis points. Full-year GAAP EPU of $3.88 increased by 34% year-over-year. As always, I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unit holders on adjusted results which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results in our presentation appendix, press release, and 10-K. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on slide 15. We shall touch on as we talk through tthey P&L shown on slide 16. On slide 16 beginning with revenues; net revenues increased 16% for tthey fourth quarter and 18% for tthey full-year versus tthey same prior year period. Base fees increased 19% for tthey fourth quarter and 20% for tthey full-year at higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channel was driven by both market and organic growth in each channel. Fee rates for both periods increased with a fourth quarter fee rate of 39.4 basis points, up 0.7 basis points or 2% year-over-year. And tthey full-year fee rate of 38.9 basis points, up 0.5 basis points or 1%. We continue to believe that although our fee rate may be volatile from time to time given large mandates that could skew averages such as tthey $10 billion low-fee CRS addition in January, tthey long-term trend should be grinding higtheyr. Fourth quarter performance fees of $134 million increased by $25 million over tthey prior year period driven by our financial services opportunity fund and real estate offerings offset by lower fees as compared with prior year at Arya Partners. Full-year performance fees up $222 million were up $92 million, compared to $130 million for tthey prior-year, reflecting a solid year for alpha generation, and more diversified across public and private alternative strategies, middle market lending of $55 million, financial services $41 million, and U.S. select equity long short $32 million with tthey largest generators of performance fees. 2021 was quite an anomalous year for performance fees, both in terms of source, magnitude and benefit to tthey bottom line. Although difficult to predict, a reasonable run rate for 2022 would likely be somewtheyre between 2019 and 2020 levels. Fourth quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 4% from tthey prior-year period, driven by lower trading volumes in Asia, reflecting a shift in Asian investor sentiment around risk. Full-year revenues declined by 2%, reflecting higtheyr COVID-driven market volatility in tthey prior-year. We incurred investment losses of $1 million in tthey fourth quarter similar to tthey prior-year period, and for tthey full-year a gain of $1 million as compared to a loss in tthey prior-year of $7 million. Moving to adjusted expenses, all-in our total fourth quarter operating expense of $630 million increased 9% year-over-year, while full-year operating expense of $2.4 billion increased 12% from tthey prior-year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 4% in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey prior-year period, primarily due to higtheyr base compensation and commission offset by lower incentive compensation. In tthey fourth quarter, some compensation expense move to G&A, reflecting investment as well as increased usage of outside consultants which can accelerate strategic initiatives and improves our flexibility as ttheyse represent variable as opposed to fixed comp expenses. Compensation was 41.7% of adjusted net revenues for tthey fourth quarter versus 46.7% in tthey prior-year period. Full-year 2021 revenues crystallize at a higtheyr level than we had anticipated earlier in tthey year, allowing us to leverage down tthey fourth quarter compensation ratio relative to prior-periods. For tthey full-year, compensation and benefits increased by 15% driven primarily by higtheyr incentive compensation, reflecting both higtheyr markets and increased performance fees and base compensation. Full-year base compensation increased by 9%. Average theyadcount rose by 4% as compared with tthey prior-year average. Tthey full-year 2021 compensation ratio was 46.5%, 140 basis points below tthey prior-year. While our 2021 compensation ratio benefited from favorable market conditions, 2022 has clearly brought more volatile markets given current market conditions as we plan to accrue compensation at a 48.0% ratio in tthey first quarter of 2022 and may adjust throughout tthey year if market conditions change. Should markets pull back furttheyr, ttheir ratio could go up as we plan to pay competitively given our people our most important asset. As a reminder, tthey compensation ratio is also sensitive to variability in tthey year-end mix of performance fee eligible funds and impact from tthey possibly increasing post-COVID fringe benefit. Promotion and servicing costs rose 24% in tthey fourth quarter, and were up 7% for tthey full-year reflecting lower T&E and meeting costs last year owing to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Going forward while we still strive to realize some portion of ongoing efficiencies, we would expect promotion and servicing spend levels to increase meaningfully as tthey pandemic stages subside. G&A expenses increased 20% in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey prior-year period or 15% excluding Nashville and related relocation expenses. Ttheir increase is split roughly evenly into three areas. One, growth related technology and efficiency projects, as well as new product launch support, two inflationary impact from areas such as market data and professional services, and three core G&A necessary to support tthey organic growth of our business. For tthey full-year, G&A rose 11% or 9% excluding Nashville and related relocation expenses. Ttheir 9% growth was also split relatively evenly between tthey same three categories, growth and efficiency projects, as we opportunistically invested in tthey future at an accelerated pace to take advantage of our strong performance in a year, inflation impact and core G&A including FX adding 1%. Looking forward, we expect tthey rate of G&A growth to moderate from 2021s rate though remaining above our theirtorical average to somewtheyre in tthey mid to high single digits. We'll continue to invest in return generating growth and efficiency projects, including tthey use of outsource consultants wtheyre appropriate and we expect inflation to remain persistent. Core G&A growth is necessary to support our organic growth. Intangible expenses were flat in tthey fourth quarter and declined by $16 million for tthey full-year as a quarterly amortization chart associated with our acquisition of Bernstein 20 years ago, and in tthey third quarter of 2020. Fourth quarter operating income of $394 million increased by 31% and full-year 2021 operating income of $1.2 billion increased by 32% versus tthey prior year periods as revenue growth outpaced expense increases. Fourth quarter operating margin of 38.5% was up 430 basis points year-on-year reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Tthey incremental fourth quarter margin was 64% as compared to tthey prior year period. Our full-year 2021 operating margin of 33.6% increased 350 basis points from 2020. For tthey full-year, we delivered incremental margin of 53% above tthey high-end of our long-term targeted 45% to 50% range. 2021 margins reflected strong markets, a robust level of beneficial mix of performance fees, and continued low T&E expenses due to COVID. Absent improvement in markets from today's level, we would expect 2022 margins to be impacted, reflecting continued higtheyr inflation in our investments to both deliver our services to our clients more efficiently and grow for our clients through diversification and expansion, as outlined in tthey appendix of our presentation, fourth quarter and full-year adjusted earnings include certain items, which are not part of our core business operation. In tthey fourth quarter, adjusted operating earnings were $2 million or $0.02 per unit above GAAP operating earnings due to tthey net impact of acquisition related expenses and contingent payments. For tthey full-year, adjusted operating income was $2 million below GAAP due to tthey net impact of acquisition related credits, offset by real-estate and contingent payments, but EPU is $0.02 higtheyr wtheyn excluding tthey impact of netting minority interest in operating income. Tthey full-year 2021 effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.2% about as expected. Going forward, we expect an effective tax rate for 2022 of approximately 5.0% to 5.5%. I'll finish with an update on our corporate relocation to Nashville. We're enjoying use of a new fifth in commerce location, which we moved into last July. At year-end, we had 974 Nashville based employees up 23% from a year ago and more than three-fourth of tthey way to our target of 1,250 colleagues. For tthey fourth quarter, estimated expense savings related to our national corporate theyadquarters relocation sold $12 million compared to transition cost of $6 million, resulting in a net $6 million increase in operating income or net $0.02 accretion to EPU. Of tthey net $6 million, approximately $10 million is compensation offset by $4 million to increase occupancy costs. For tthey full-year 2021 expense savings of $43 million were greater than transition costs of $27 million, resulting in a $16 million contribution to operating income for net increase of $0.06 per unit. Of tthey net $16 million, approximately $33 million in compensation related savings, offset by $17 million of increased occupancy costs. For 2022, we expect tthey natural relocation to remain accretive. We continue to estimate ongoing annual expense savings in 2025 once tthey transition period is over to be in tthey range of $75 million to $80 million per year. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth for some closing remarks before we take your questions. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Ali. Turning to slide 18, last year under Ali's leadership we undertook a fresh look at our strategy with tthey resulting five part strategy statement now guiding our path forward. Deliver, diversify and expand responsibly with Equitable. In 2021, we made great progress in ttheir regard. We delivered improved investment performance and accelerated our organic growth. Included in 2021's banner year, our active equity platform has grown organically by 5% annually over tthey last 5 years well above tthey industry. We diversified our global product offerings with innovative offerings across all channels. For example on alternatives, we grew our commercial real-estate debt and middle market lending offerings and onboarded climate focus long short to 1.5 degrees. We successfully expanded our global distribution footprint driving over 40% sales growth in U.S. retail SMA assets, accelerating our advisor hiring and private wealth and we're progressing in channel. Having received formal acceptance of our application in tthey fourth quarter, a key milestone in tthey FMC license application process. Our Responsible Investing platform continued to grow strongly as we added two new strategies that align with tthey UN Sustainable Development Goals, sustainable income and sustainable U.S. ttheymatic credit, as well as climate solutions and sustainable emerging markets debt, to name a few. And we announced, earlier in 2021, Equitable's commitment to allocate $10 billion of permanent capital to our Private Alternatives and Private Placement platform. We're pleased with progress, including recent commitments from Equitable for our CRED Core Plus, both fixed and floating, and our construction to permanent strategies. In response to client demand, we continue to assess inorganic growth opportunities to fill out our product gaps, with focus on tthey private credit side, including asset-based infrastructure and renewables, to name a few. In summary, we had a strong 2021. Entering a more volatile 2022, our teams remain focused on pursuing insight that unlocks opportunity for our clients, unit holders, and ottheyr stakeholders. With that, we welcome your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill Katz Okay, thank you very much for that detail, and taking tthey questions ttheir morning. So maybe, Seth, one for you, wtheyre you still left off with equitable, maybe tthey bigger picture question is wtheyre are you with Equitable in terms of some of that advancement of tthey $10 billion? Does it sound like ttheyre's a few things going on? And ttheyn, is ttheyre an opportunity to broaden that suite, beyond Equitable, to ottheyr players organically? Seth Bernstein Thank you, Bill. Let me take ttheym in turns. We are already utilizing a portion of that $10 billion on our existing strategies, wtheyttheyr it's middle markets lending, CLO, and our commercial real estate debt business, ttheyy were tthey initial investor in our Europe commercial real estate business which, as you know, we launctheyd last year. Look, it'll take time to deploy that, but commitments have been made. It is our absolute expectation that we will be able to commercialize those products and new services and teams we bring on beyond just Equitable or our existing base of insurance and clients. Tthey world continues to have a very strong demand for private debt. Generally, that has been tthey focus to date of our efforts, and so I feel pretty good about it. But let me leave it ttheyre. Bill Katz Okay. Maybe one more big-picture for you, just as you think about tthey opportunities in tthey retail democratization ttheyme, which large numbers no matter who you speak with. Can you talk about, a little bit, what tthey incremental plans are within your existing bulk of tthey private client business, and ttheyn how you might tap into sort of tthey market outside of your own footprint? Thank you. Seth Bernstein Sorry, from a private wealth basis, Bill, or? Bill Katz Right. So, I guess, A, what are you doing with your existing book, and ttheyn B, how do you sort of go after tthey mass affluent in non AB distribution channels? Seth Bernstein I'm going to actually answer tthey second part of that first, and I'm going to hand it over to Kate Burke to answer with respect to our private wealth business, ttheyy's on tthey phone, and runs that business. But more broadly, that's exactly who we've been attacking through our distribution partners, both in tthey United States and globally, wtheyttheyr it's tthey very strong receptivity to our large cap growth service, in Japan, or increasing interest in equities in Greater Asia. Our sustainable suite of products, which has really been driving strong interest, is principally retail in terms of those flows that we were talking about earlier in our presentation. And I really think we'd look to our retail growth strategies, both in tthey U.S., a bit in Europe, but more, in particular, in Asia to really drive that growth furttheyr in coming years. But, Kate, why don't you chip in with respect to private wealth management? Kate Burke Sure, thank you. So, tthey focus with Bernstein Private Wealth continues to be moving up market into tthey ultra high net-worth cohort, and we've seen a lot of success in that area growing tthey net AUM or tthey net flows higtheyr than our average flows. But we are recognizing that ttheyre is a real opportunity also in ttheir emerging wealth cohort that you talk about, but for us in a very specific area. And you see that in tthey success of tthey growth of our pre-liquidity and transactional events, wtheyre we are partnering with early-venture entrepreneurs and new -- and private business owners, looking at how we can provide ttheym with agnostic wealth advice separate from tthey transaction about how ttheyy want to be positioning ttheyir portfolios longer-term. And we're seeing that pre-transaction planning really be a nice driver of that emerging wealth cohort. And we continue to invest in making sure our wealth advice meets those client needs, and are looking to continue to kind of expand that offering, but in a very curated and specific audience of that emerging wealth, versus going after it broadly. Seth Bernstein Hey, Bill, can you just clarify something. Were you [talking] [Ph] about alts in particular or were you talking more broadly about into tthey affluent marketplace? Bill Katz Well, I was speaking directly to tthey alts, and that seems to be tthey incremental ttheyme at tthey margin. So, I was just hoping to get your thoughts ttheyre. Seth Bernstein I apologize, I misunderstood. Bill Katz I apologize if I was not clear. Thank you. Seth Bernstein Actually, it's been an important source of growth. Kate's business has been a large driver of that, and ttheyy can add more color ttheyre. But our Select platform is already seeing interest and was a strong contributor in 2021. And we also intend to sort of move into expand into retail our private credit capabilities through partnerships with ottheyrs. So, watch ttheir space. Kate, did anything specific? Kate Burke No, I would just add that alternatives continue to be an attractive area for our clientele. Bill Katz Thank you. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies & Company. Dan Fannon Thanks, good morning. I guess to start, just in terms of performance fees, appreciate tthey kind of forward-looking commentary. But as we think about tthey fourth quarter and tthey magnitude was ttheyre something different about tthey makeup of ttheyse performance fees as tthey comp ratio obviously came in a lot lower. And so, just thinking about payout or how we should think about tthey compensation associated with performance fees going forward as well? Ali Dibadj Thanks for tthey question. So, yes, I would say that tthey performance fees in tthey year and in tthey quarter were a little bit anomalous, both in terms of tthey size for tthey year, tthey 222 number was larger than we would expect, and to your point in on tthey mix of wtheyre ttheyy came from. Now, to mention a couple of tthey funds that you probably hadn't theyard a lot of over tthey past several years, Financial Services Opportunity Fund, from our real estate platform, those come in quite strong, more strongly than we saw it in any one year. It's hard to predict, as you can imagine what happens in one year versus anottheyr year. We do expect ttheyse funds to perform, but sometimes things come in a little bit earlier or less spread out than you would think, but does impact certainly tthey impact to tthey bottom line as well, depending on tthey mix. Tthey way we would think about performance fee, just to give you a guide going forward, in a more normalized manner, it's somewtheyre between 2019 and 2020 levels, that's kind of a more normalized level to think about tthey performance fees, going forward. Dan Fannon Understood. And ttheyn just as a follow-up theyre, you talked about promotion and servicing increasing significantly. So, maybe put some numbers around that, if you could or how to kind of frame that in terms of theirtorical or ottheyr periods? And ttheyn also, tthey comp ratio discussion for tthey first quarter, that, I think, you said is up-to-date for kind of current AUM levels. So, just want to see kind of what tthey starting point of that comp ratio in terms of year-to-date market performances within that? Thank you. Ali Dibadj Sure. So, on tthey promotion servicing elements, remember tthey two biggest buckets of that that have vacillated, given COVID, our T&E, and for meetings. What we said, in 2020 versus 2019, holds true actually for 2021, which is effectively say across both of those roughly $50 million worth appealing for meetings across those -- across those two relative 2019. So, essentially flat 2021 versus 2020 as a way to think about it. If you want a sense of wtheyre we are on that, we're probably around a quarter of tthey span of 2019 right now; we expect that to go up significantly. We hope for all of our steaks that that goes up significantly because we also get to be in front of our clients and say tthey pace of that is your guests as best as our guests. I would say that we do expect savings over tthey long-term relative to our 2019 numbers. We've talked on ttheyse calls before to something like 75%, 80%. Hopefully, from a run rate basis, but we would expect those costs to go up in tthey short-term. Certainly as people get back on tthey road and ttheyre's some pent up demand. Hopefully that gives you some context around that. On tthey comp ratio as we said, 48% in tthey comp ratio we're starting to accrue at in Q1. Obviously, if tthey markets go down since ttheyn, or if ttheyre's a big change in tthey markets that may change, we'll have to see how things play out, but we've been theirtorically very balanced and thinking about investing in tthey short-term of our business as well as importantly for tthey long-term of our business. And we have balanced that through all of our expenses, obviously including cleaning comp ratio. We understand its competitive market and our people are our asset, and we are going to make sure we're competitive in that marketplace as well. Dan Fannon Thank you. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Robert Lee with KBW. Robert Lee Great, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was just curious I mean tthey looking at tthey U.S. retail SMA. I mean, you highlighted on page 18, tthey 40% increase in sales, I'm just kind of curious, it's possible to what would you attribute that obviously performance, but were ttheyre some specific new strategies that you introduced wtheyttheyr product-wise or on tthey distribution, on tthey sales side, just trying to get a sense of kind of what drove that dramatic increase and how maybe broad-based it was? Seth Bernstein Rob it's Seth. It was -- look, tax, tax exempt SMAs have really been an important driver for us. We were an early mover ttheyre. And we've offered a considerable degree of flexibility in how we structured ttheym and ttheir is for our clients. And it resonated with distributors as well as in our private wealth business, more generally word cornerstone element of our offerings. But it's not just in tthey equities business. I'm sorry, in tthey fixed income business -- specifically, you've also seen I think, along with tthey industry more broadly increasing demand for more affluent investors, for SMAs over ETFs, or mutual funds for that matter, and so we think that demand will continue to grow as people become more tax sensitive, and I want to understand what's going on in tthey underlying -- [technical difficulty]… Robert Lee Great. And I know you don't want to focus too much on one month or one or two months, but tthey January obviously was on a flow front, in addition to tthey CRS and it was a strong start to tthey year I mean, can you put any kind of flesh out a bit, I mean, willing to say, kind of, theyre's what flows were in January outside of CRS, or give us some sense of that? Seth Bernstein But we don't disclose specific flows, but what I will tell you we've seen tthey continuation of tthey trends we've elucidated in tthey past pretty strong, continuing interest in equities, and continuing with ttheym actual fixed income principally from Asia. So, tthey momentum is okay, but look, ttheyre are theyadwinds in tthey marketplace. We recognize and ttheyn as Ali said earlier, I think we're anticipating more volatile markets generally with more rapid changes in investor interest. Robert Lee Great, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from tthey line of John Dunn with Evercore ISI. John Dunn All right. Maybe just on you mentioned Asia, any initial outlook for maybe getting a shift back in demand for retail and fixed income in Asia sometime in '22 and maybe how is ttheir pattern kind of played out in prior cycles? Seth Bernstein Thanks for tthey question. So, look generally, tthey strength of our business theirtorically although it's beginning to change today, it was really very much an income oriented fixed income, that continues to be a important part of that business. And investors in Asia tend to be much more market sensitive than performance sensitive and that's been our experience to-date. Our relative performance is reasonably good. I think what we're seeing is what we frankly see, every time tthey Fed is engaged and goes into tightening mode, a general lack of interest in fixed income assets generally and reallocations elsewtheyre. And so we face that, what I would tell you is, every time in tthey past, it's happened. And it's been from so far from a relative perspective more modest today and in 2021 than we saw in prior periods of disruption. We typically come back with pretty strong results and tthey enthusiasm for tthey services pick up. Look as high yield sort of top up over 5%, we think that is an important point wtheyre investors start to take more notice and begin to weigh carefully back into tthey market. But I think, more broadly, Asian investors are tending to be more interested in equities and multi-asset than ttheyy were in tthey past. And we continue to see interest in both of those as well. Q – John Dunn Got it. And ttheyn maybe on tthey institutional side, it's a different environment on a bunch of fronts ttheir year, are tthey questions, tthey institutional consultants asking, are ttheyy changing, are ttheyy looking at different stuff? Maybe a sense of how those conversations may have shifted? Seth Bernstein Yes, I would say ttheyre's certainly been over tthey last several years, much more focus on responsibility ESG, how it's integrated into our processes, we have a good story to tell. But in terms of interest in markets, look I think it continues to be driven by interest in alternatives. But in traditional markets, much less activity in fixed income although we've seen some of tthey participating and in equities, certainly we've seen more interest and have benefited from some businesses, people begin to rotate into value. Beyond that, I guess less clear to me after ttheyre has been changes. Q – John Dunn Got it. Thank you. Operator We do have a question from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill Katz Okay, thanks so much for follow-up. So, Seth, you mentioned that ttheyre might be some inorganic opportunities to build out tthey platform, A, I wonder if you could dive into a little bit more and ttheyn B, ttheyre's been some pretty big multiples being paid out ttheyre, how are you thinking about tthey sort of tthey gap between bid ask in terms of trying to affect tthey transaction. Thank you. Seth Bernstein Yes, I'm going to take ttheym in turn. And I may ask Ali to jump in, as well. As I've told you and ottheyrs all along, we continue to look at teams, our philosophy has been, I think fairly clear, which our interest is in teams, wtheyre we see an edge, wtheyre we see a culture, wtheyre we see a track record of excellence, wtheyre we think we can actually grow ttheym faster than ttheyy can grow ttheymselves and get ttheym to scale. People know we're tthey right kind of home for active managers, we understand how to manage teams, giving ttheym ttheyir space, but also realizing tthey benefits of integrating and unifying those services that ttheyy need, wtheyttheyr it's distribution, technology, operations, and core functions. And so we've had a very good track record to date of finding onboarding and getting teams to scout doesn't always work, but for tthey most part, it's done well, I'd say tthey activity levels remained fairly high at what we look at, Bill. So, ttheyre's nothing to report ttheyre. But let me make a couple of comments with respect to tthey valuation gap between traditional and alternative matters because we certainly recognize it. And our approach has been frankly to really focus on smaller teams, or teams that don't have significant assets under management and to theylp ttheym get to scale because if we're going to have to pay a relatively higtheyr multiple, we'd much rattheyr get tthey benefit for our unit holders by benefiting from tthey scaling of that business. So, I think we would shy away from buying a larger firm for that reason. But we continue to be focused on that area. Ali, would you like to jump in? Ali Dibadj Sure, just to add a little bit. Tthey question, Bill, one is we're certainly in tthey flow, everything that you read, and that you see. So, we've deliberately stayed away from some of tthey actions that you might have seen. And tthey context of why we stay away from ttheym is really exactly as Seth said, because we're not looking for things that are at scale. We're looking for things that we can grow, and that we have competency in and as Seth described of tthey team to grow. That is our number one thing we need to believe in tthey team to grow. And look, ttheyre's a lot of interesting stuff out ttheyre that we are again in tthey flow. From a -- if it's not scaling, what is it to grow bucket, we're very focused on alternatives, five alternatives in particular, we've built a very sizable business of $23 billion in overall alternatives for us so far, you've theyard us mention that on past earnings calls, we believe ttheyre's a lot more growth in that to deliver for our clients who are asking for ttheyse types of products. And we see some interesting opportunities to partner with firms and grow those firms. And we can grow ttheym in particular because we have a distribution channel that is very well honed. You mentioned retail just a moment ago, which is just opening up to all for us. But we have a very well honed private wealth channel that is looking for alternative, institutional of course we're theyaring that more and more. Seth mentioned that a moment ago and let's not forget our partner with Equitable, who is not just a $10 billion number, but just more broadly is a great partner to build private credit. So, again, it's busy out ttheyre. We have been fortunate to bring on some great teams and we look forward to bringing on some more teams that we can grow in tthey future. Bill Katz Many thanks. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I will turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Thank you, Natalia. Thank you everyone for participating in today's conference call. Feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any additional questions and have a great day.