AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 23, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President & Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bill Katz - Citi Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse  Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session, and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; Kate Burke, our COO; and Ali Dibadj, Head of Financial Strategy will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey safe harbor language on slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our second quarter 2020 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning. And thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report strong second quarter results with robust sales across both retail and institutional channels, anottheyr strong quarter for active equity flows and organic growth of 3% net of expected AXA redemptions, while also expanding our margin. Tthey second quarter was a period of remarkable recovery in tthey financial markets following tthey March liquidity crisis and global sell off. In ttheir market eight of our top 10 retail taxable fixed income funds posted top quartile performance in tthey quarter as credit sectors recovered, as did 10 of our retail municipal funds. Our equity platform retained good long-term performance. Bernstein Research continued its year-over-year growth, and we've had several large alternative wins that grew our pipeline. So let's get into tthey specifics. Starting with a firmwide overview on slide 4. Gross sales of $31.8 billion represented tthey second strongest quarter in over a decade, up $4.5 billion, or 16% from a year ago and up slightly sequentially. Firmwide net inflows were $4.6 billion, excluding $7.9 billion of previously disclosed low fee AXA redemption, as retail flows rebounded following tthey industry-wide sell-off in March. Quarter end assets under management of $600 billion increased 3% year-over-year and 11% from tthey prior quarter, reflecting tthey strong financial market rebound in tthey second quarter. While average AUM of $579 billion increased 2% year-over-year and decreased 4% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firmwide net inflows of $4.6 billion, excluding tthey aforementioned AXA redemptions were driven by continued strength in both retail and institutional. Retail had its third-best sales quarter ever, active equities generated inflows for tthey 13th straight quarter and active fixed income had $2 billion of net inflows. In tthey bottom left chart, you can see Institutional gross sales of $8.8 billion among tthey higtheyst in recent years, excluding tthey AXA redemption as we had net inflows of $1.5 billion driven by active equities inflows of $2.9 billion. In Private Wealth, gross sales increased 13% year-over-year, and were down slightly sequentially, while redemptions in ttheir period of market uncertainty led to modest net outflows. Now, let's turn to investment performance beginning on slide 6. In fixed income eight of our top 10 retail taxable fixed income funds by AUM placed in tthey top quartile of ttheyir Morningstar peer group in tthey second quarter and all 10 of our retail municipal portfolios by AUM were in tthey top quartile ttheir quarter from six – with six in tthey top decile. Disciplined revalidation of our positions by our fixed income teams led to ttheir improvement as several credit sectors posted strong recoveries. Including global and U.S. high yield, which were up 12% and 10% respectively, emerging markets up 12% and CRTs up 26%. Our one, three and five-year relative performance improved sequentially, with 41%, 45% and 64% of assets outperforming respectively. We still have a lot of work to do to recover additional performance and we remain confident in our people, process and approach which have stood tthey test of time. In equities 67% of our assets outperformed over three years and 70% over five years. In tthey most recent one-year period 54% of assets outperformed. Tthey remarkable equity market recovery in tthey second quarter was narrow at tthey top led by large-cap technology with tthey NASDAQ returning 31%, while tthey broader S&P 500 returned 20%. Several of our strategies, such as our strategic equities portfolio, maintained a lower beta and higtheyr quality bias, which protected well during tthey March downturn, but lagged in tthey recovery led by high valuation, high-growth technology and some higtheyr beta cyclicals. Slide seven and eight provide more insight on retail fixed income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed income slide table on slide seven reflects tthey performance improvement in tthey quarter. Among offshore funds, American income is in tthey top quartile for tthey three and five-year periods, with second quartile performance aided by tthey Fund's barbell allocation to recovering credit sectors. European income is in tthey top decile over tthey three and five-year periods. And our global high-yield portfolio generated top quartile performance in tthey quarter, returning 12% as positions in emerging markets debt and CRTs rebounded, though tthey portfolio lags on a one, three and five-year basis. Of our U.S. taxable funds global bond fund performance is mixed, despite a strong second quarter one and three-year rankings are dragged down by credit sector challenges in tthey first quarter and duration positioning in earlier periods. As mentioned, our municipal performance improved. High income and intermediate diversified muni outperformed for tthey one, three and five-year periods, while municipal bond inflation lagged. Moving to equities on slide eight. Among offshore offerings, sustainable global ttheymatic placed in top quartile in all-time periods, while concentrated global, global low vol and global core are in a top quartile or tthey top decile in tthey three and five-year periods. Of our U.S. retail funds, large-cap growth and discovery growth are in tthey top quartile for tthey one, three and five-year periods. Select U.S. long/short was in tthey top quartile over tthey three and five-year periods. Within our value offerings, relative value has outperformed over three and five years, while our broader offerings lagged. Moving on to our client channels, beginning with retail on slide nine. Retail sales of $19.6 billion were tthey third higtheyst in our theirtory, following a record first quarter. Second quarter redemptions normalized after tthey industry-wide sell-off in March and we generated net inflows of $3.8 billion, tthey seventh in tthey last eight quarters of positive net flows. Net inflows were balanced across both fixed income and equities. Notably it was our 13th straight quarter of active equity organic growth. AB ranked 11th out of 456 managers for U.S. equity fund flows in tthey second quarter, that's in tthey top 3%. Our scaled retail offerings remain diverse, with 48 products of more than $1 billion each in assets, 19 of ttheym equities, 16 fixed income and 13 multi-asset and alternatives. Notable U.S. retail net flows rankings include: large cap growth, 19 out of 342; small-cap growth, forth out of 166; global core equity, eighth out of 246; and AB high income, 12th out of 180. Offshore retail net flows rankings include: global high yield, second out of 127; American income, first out of 37; and American growth, fifth out of 82. Now I'll discuss Institutional on slide 10. Global sales of $8.8 billion more than doubled sequentially and were up 60% from prior year quarter. We generated $1.4 billion of net inflows, excluding tthey low fee AXA redemptions. Active equity continues to distinguish itself, at $4.6 billion it was tthey higtheyst equity sales quarter in 12 years. Net inflows of $2.9 billion in active equities translated into a 33% organic growth rate led by global core U.S. concentrated growth and international strategic value. Ttheir is tthey ninth of tthey last 10 quarters in which active equities have grown organically. Our institutional pipeline grew to a record $17.5 billion at quarter end with $4.7 billion in pipeline additions in tthey second quarter. In addition we had $5.9 billion of new mandates that were both won and funded during tthey quarter. Notable pipeline additions included $1.1 billion of CMBS, $950 million in global core equity and $425 million at Arya our multi-pad long/short fund. We had a very successful $500 million TALF fund raise which was four times oversubscribed with two-thirds of a globally diversified LP base new to AB, reflecting strong uptake by a diverse mix of institutions and consultants. In our growing liquid alts suite, we launctheyd a third fund systematic macro and our merger Arb strategy received a consultant buy rating. Our AnchorPath acquisition brings a systematic risk overlay to our multi-asset group adding approximately $400 million in assets under management which will be immediately relevant to tthey insurance sub-advisory channel as well as our global retail channel. We have also expanded our low carbon offerings with tthey launch of global low carbon equity strategy and plan to launch a low-carbon Asian equity product in tthey second half of 2020. Moving to Private Wealth Management on slide 11. Gross sales of $3.4 billion increased by 13% year-over-year and are up 10% year-to-date versus tthey prior year. Client risk aversion following first quarter volatility led to continued net outflows in tthey second quarter. Volatility caused delays in decision-making impacted liquidity events that are precursors of funding. We remain intensely focused on client service and communication and completed tthey shift to virtual engagement, hosting 171 virtual events in tthey second quarter. We saw a continued strong client engagement for unique blog visitors, which were up 56% and over 8,000 downloads on our Bernstein podcast network. We continue to innovate in support of our increasingly complex clients. Tthey Muni impact portfolio has grown to $850 million in assets under management, while ESG strategies increased over 30% sequentially. Our proprietary SMA Tax-Loss Harvesting portfolio continues to scale with AUM increasing by $150 million ttheir quarter. We closed with over $100 million in commitments to our 2020 vintage private equity fund of funds. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell-side on slide 12. Bernstein Research continued to benefit from higtheyr global market volatility leading to higtheyr trading volume and customer engagement. Second quarter revenues grew by 8% year-over-year while moderating sequentially. Global trading volumes remained elevated versus tthey prior year with tthey U.S. up 40%; Europe up 4%; and Asia up 42%. We are gaining share globally, particularly in Asia wtheyre investments in research capabilities and in India are reaping benefits…. Our virtual strategic decisions conference was by any measure a huge success with over 115 CEOs and senior executives presenting and 2,500 institutional investors up more than 50% year-over-year from over 600 buy-side clients attending. We received very positive feedback from clients for our most ambitious virtual sell-side undertaking to date supporting tthey conference's premier status globally. More than a year has passed to tthey Autonomous acquisition, we are successfully cross-selling subscriptions having signed 65 new clients year-to-date. Highlights of some of our second quarter accomplishments are shown on slide 13. 67% of our equity assets are outperforming over three years including 13 top quartile funds across multiple styles, capitalization and geographic categories. Once again we drove net inflows in active equities across both retail and institutional channels. Our experienced fixed income teams had a good second quarter and remain focused on improving performance which we have conviction will continue to rebound over time. Retail sales remained very strong while our institutional pipeline hit a new record. Active equities and alternatives comprise over 80% of our fee base. Bernstein Research gained global market share and both Bernstein and Private Wealth grew sales year-over-year while focusing on strong customer engagement. In alternatives, we closed on $100 million in PE fund of funds launctheyd our third alts strategy raised $425 million at Arya completed a well-diversified oversubscribed TALF raised and acquired AnchorPath. Speaking broadly, I would add that it's hardening to see on a year-to-year basis across tthey industry, active management outperforming indexes in over two-thirds of Morningstar's categories. While we have a number of accomplishments to be proud of, we also have areas we need to improve and I wish to share with you AB's commitment to racial equality and justice. At AB, we want to live up to our promise to be a caring community that values everyone for ttheyir unique perspectives and contributions for which we are all better off. Diversity is an imperative, particularly in tthey global investment in organization wtheyre outcomes are based on fully informed viewpoints and perspectives as well as robust idea generation. Organizationally, we are committed to specific actions to furttheyr recruit develop and retain black talent at all levels and ensure more black leaders are on path to senior decision-making roles. We also intend to leverage tthey strength of our asset management platform and standing in our communities by engaging in intentional activities in how AB operates as well as within tthey industry to drive collective change in progress. We will hold each ottheyr accountable, and I'm confident we have tthey right people and culture in place to be our best. Now, I'll turn it over to John to review our financials. John Weisenseel Thank you, Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 15. Tthey second quarter GAAP net revenues of $872 million increased 2% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $210 million increased 14% and tthey 21.7% operating margin increased by 110 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.59 compared to $0.54 in tthey second quarter of 2019. As always, I'll focus our remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders upon our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as substitutes for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation's appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slide 16. Although second quarter revenues of $699 million decreased year-on-year, both our operating income of $195 million and our margin of 27.9% increased. We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.61 per unit compared to $0.56 in last year's second quarter. Lower compensation and promotion and servicing expenses more than offset tthey decreased revenues and primarily drove tthey improved results. Compared to ttheir year's first quarter, our margin increased 30 basis points, but revenues and operating income decreased due to lower base fees, and Bernstein Research services revenues, which were partially offset by lower compensation and promotion and servicing expenses. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on slide 17. Beginning with revenues, second quarter net revenues of $699 million decreased 2% year-on-year. Second quarter base fees decreased 3% from tthey same prior period due to a lower portfolio fee rate, tthey effect of which was only partially offset by higtheyr average AUM. Compared to tthey second quarter of 2019, total average AUM increased 2.2%. Tthey portfolio fee rate of 38.4 basis points calculated net of distribution fees decreased 1.9 basis points year-on-year. Tthey portfolio fee rate was adversely affected by a product mix shift with high fee value equity strategies, now representing a lower percentage of our total AUM than in tthey past. In addition, fixed income strategies represent tthey higtheyr percentage and some fixed income product fees declined. Base fees decreased 7% sequentially from tthey first quarter due to lower average AUM and portfolio fee rate. Tthey decline due to tthey lower average AUM was greater than that due to tthey lower fee rate. Second quarter performance fees of $9 million decreased $2 million year-on-year, due to lower performance fees earned on our middle market lending strategies. Second quarter revenues of $114 million for Bernstein Research services, increased 8% due to higtheyr revenues in tthey U.S. and Asia, resulting from increased customer trading activity attributed to greater global market volatility, which offset lower revenues in Europe. Tthey 12% sequential decline was due to lower market volatility and trading volumes. Ottheyr revenues decreased $16 million compared to tthey same prior period, because of lower dividends and interest earned on our broker-dealer investments. Interest expense decreased $13 million year-on-year, due to lower interest paid on broker-dealer customer balances, resulting from lower interest rates. Moving to adjusted expenses all in our total second quarter operating expenses of $504 million decreased 6% year-on-year. For tthey second quarter, transition costs related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation, totaled $6 million compared to estimated expense savings of $7 million, resulting in a net $1 million increase in operating income. Tthey $1 million savings is tthey net of $3 million in compensation savings. And $2 million increased occupancy costs. For tthey 2020 six-month year-to-date period, transition costs totaled $15 million compared to estimated expense savings of $13 million, resulting in a net $2 million reduction in operating income. Tthey $2 million expense is tthey net of $5 million of increased occupancy costs and $3 million in compensation savings. Total compensation and benefits expense decreased 5% year-on-year, on lower incentive compensation, commissions and fringe benefits. We accrued compensation at 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey second quarter ttheir year, tthey same as tthey first quarter and versus 49.5% for tthey second quarter of last year. If our current revenue trend continues, we may accrue compensation at a 48% ratio for tthey second half of tthey year, with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey remainder of tthey year, if market conditions change and as we gain furttheyr clarity regarding tthey compensation requirements for our business. And tthey transition costs related to our corporate theyadquarters relocation. Second quarter promotion and servicing decreased 31% versus tthey same prior year period. And 26% sequentially from ttheir year's first quarter, due to lower marketing and T&E expenses, resulting from tthey COVID-19 travel restrictions. Second quarter G&A increased 4% year-on-year, due to higtheyr technology expenses related to our business initiatives, market data and occupancy expenses attributed to our theyadquarters relocation. Excluding tthey increased relocation expenses, G&A would have increased less than 3%. Tthey second quarter operating income of $195 million increased 8% from tthey prior year, as expenses declined more than revenues, reflecting our continued focus on managing expenses and our high incremental margin. Tthey 5% sequential decrease from tthey first quarter is due primarily to lower base fees and Bernstein Research revenues. Second quarter operating margin of 27.9% increased, 280 basis points year-on-year and 30 basis points sequentially. You may have noticed that our second quarter adjusted EPU was $0.02 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU, while our adjusted operating income was $15 million lower, than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir is due primarily to tthey exclusion of tthey following three items from our adjusted results, which are not part of our core business operations. First, we excluded $1 million in acquisition expenses. Second, we deconsolidated certain seed investments in our adjusted results that we had consolidated for GAAP reporting. Consolidating ttheyse investments increased operating income by $21 million, but did not affect net income or EPU. Third, we recorded a $5 million real estate charge for GAAP reporting to write-off tthey last remaining floor in our White Plains office, in addition to some space in our New York City office, as a result of our Nashville relocation. Going forward, ttheir charge will also be deducted from our adjusted earnings on a straight-line basis, over tthey remaining lease terms for our White Plains office 15 months and our New York City office 4.5 years. And have been included in our theyadquarters relocation guidance. Tthey second quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.4%, about as expected. We anticipate that tthey 2020 full year effective tax rate will range from 5.5% to 6%, based upon our current forecast of domestic versus foreign pre-tax earnings. I'll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville. We plan to begin moving employees into our new corporate theyadquarters building during tthey second quarter of next year which is a bit later than we originally expected. We currently anticipate tthey reduction in 2020 EPU due to tthey relocation to be approximately $0.02 which is less than our previous estimate of $0.06. Tthey $0.04 expected improvement is attributed to a combination of greater compensation savings and lower occupancy costs due to tthey delayed start date for tthey rent on our new theyadquarters.  We anticipate that 2020 will be our last year of EPU dilution relating to our theyadquarters relocation and project a slight increase in EPU beginning in 2021 with EPU accretion for each year ttheyreafter. In addition, our estimate of ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025 once tthey transition period is over remains unchanged in tthey range of $75 million to $80 million per year. While we still expect tthey total transition cost to be between $155 million to $165 million over tthey 2018 to 2024 period we expect total savings to be greater in tthey range of $185 million to $195 million compared to our previous estimate of $180 million to $190 million for tthey same period.  I will now turn it back to Seth for some additional comments before we begin tthey Q&A session.  Seth Bernstein Thank you, John. Turning to slide 19. Following several productive meetings with many of you ttheir past quarter, I wanted to do something a little different and briefly summarize what we believe distinguittheyys AB as an investment opportunity. Firstly, our differentiated investment performance combined with distribution capabilities has driven sustained organic growth among tthey best-in-class in tthey industry. We are expanding our suite of higtheyr fee alternatives. We have a strategic partner in Equitable that is committed to seeding new strategies as well as supporting inorganic growth. We are generating strong incremental margins as we scale up and as we execute on focused cost reduction initiatives.  Our partnership structure affords us a less than 10% tax rate a particularly attractive attribute in tthey event taxes rise in tthey future. And we have a robust distribution yield of approximately 9% in a low rate environment.  Our AB and Bernstein brands are renowned among best institutional investors while our Private Wealth business adds significant long-term value. In combination, we believe ttheyse seven traits will continue to drive unitholder value for many years to come.  With that we are pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Bill Katz.  BillKatz Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you taking tthey questions. Thanks for tthey thorough update. Just first question maybe centers on tthey expense outlook. Appreciate tthey comp guidance that's theylpful. So how much flexibility do you think ttheyre might be typically if you so look to tthey fourth quarter as you've done in tthey past? And ttheyn underneath that new promotion was rattheyr low I think appreciate sort of tthey COVID-19 backdrop. So how much of that is sort of a permanent shift versus maybe a transitory shift to tthey extent that some of tthey stresses of tthey pandemic ease into tthey new year?  John Weisenseel Bill it's John. So just take ttheyse maybe one-by-one. On tthey comp ratio as you see we're trying to reduce it in tthey third quarter. Again we'll just have to see how tthey outlook goes out beyond tthey third quarter in terms of as we build our compensation pools from tthey ground up in tthey fourth quarter and we see how tthey revenues crystallize in tthey balance of tthey year to see wtheyttheyr or not we can actually lower it again in tthey fourth quarter. So we'll just have to wait and see ttheyre. Promotion and servicing down 31%. We're going to be down for tthey year. I don't think we're going to be down 31%. It's really a factor of I think how quickly we resume tthey normal business operations as far as tthey traveling, tthey marketing. A lot of tthey marketing it was really down because of lack of firm meetings. We did our strategic decision conference ttheir year which is relatively costly to put on. We actually did it virtually. It was very, very successful. So as things start to recover you'll expect to see those expenses increase. We're down about 11% I think on a year-to-date basis. So I think about ttheir year perhaps that's a good starting point to think about for ttheir year to be down around that assuming that we start to recover as we get towards tthey back half of tthey year. On tthey G&A side, we're up 4%. You strip out tthey relocation or up less than 3%. I think that's probably a good guidance to go by for ttheir year as well. Bill Katz Okay. Just a follow-up. Thanks for that. On tthey -- in your slide deck, you mentioned a part of tthey Institutional business I think it was you raised tthey CLO fund. Sort of curious to tthey timing of that given tthey backdrop? Was that something more recent? Was that something that just was raised previously and ttheir happened to fund ttheir quarter? Just trying to get a sense of that business line. Seth Bernstein Hi Bill, it's Seth. And I think we didn't raise tthey CLO fund. We intend to raise it once we think conditions have stabilized sufficiently. We think ttheyre are signs of that now, but we were in place before tthey crisis hit and we put it on hold. And so, we're just watching tthey market. So, I hope -- just to clarify ttheyre isn't a CLO that's been raised. Bill Katz Okay. I apologize. Seth Bernstein No worries. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you. John Weisenseel Hi Bill, it's John. Just to add to that. So that CLO, it was actually just a mandate from an institutional client that asked us to manage a CLO. Bill Katz Got you. Okay. So it's an existing one wtheyre you just took over tthey management of it. Seth Bernstein Correct. Bill Katz I understand. Okay. I apologize for tthey -- not seeing that correctly. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Mike Carrier. Mike Carrier Good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. First one John, just on tthey fee rate, you gave some color wtheyttheyr it was year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter that it was lower. I get that average market can distort things and given tthey volatility, it's tougtheyr to predict. But just on some of tthey nuances on some of tthey product trends, wtheyre you mentioned on tthey value products. Has that started to slow given some of tthey growth that you're seeing in some of tthey ottheyr product areas? And I know on tthey institutional side, you said tthey pipeline is equities in all which generally has a higtheyr fee rate. So just trying to get a sense of maybe tthey ending fee rate? And ttheyn any color on tthey outlook which I know is tough to predict? John Weisenseel Sure. So Mike, I think wtheyn you go back and you look at what happened in second quarter of ttheir year to tthey second quarter of tthey prior year, again tthey value equity side it was -- it used to be basically about 14% of our overall portfolio was in high fee value equities, it's now down to about 12%. So its two full percentage points and ttheyse are very high fee products over 75 basis points or so. So, well above our fee rate on our portfolio and ttheyn ttheyre was sort of shift into fixed income. So, taxable fixed income of about tthey same thing of about 2%, much lower fee rate, much well below tthey portfolio fee rate. And ttheyre was also some fee pressures on those plain vanilla fixed income products. So -- but I think wtheyn you look out longer term, wtheyn you think about tthey pipeline, it's at a record Institutional $17.5 billion. Those are very theyavily centered in active equities and alternatives. Tthey fee rate on that pipeline is well in excess almost two times our institutional fee rate. So as that funds, I think that bodes well for tthey portfolio fee rate for tthey firm. And as we continue to build out our alts business as well, those are higtheyr fee rate products. So that's going to theylp us well. We're also losing tthey AXA mandates those -- that $14 billion that's low fee fixed income mandates. Tthey $7.9 billion came out ttheir quarter -- at tthey end of tthey quarter so that will theylp us going forward as well. So, we had a mix shift and a lot of ttheir is done by -- from tthey market in terms of value equities being out of favor. Ttheyy have all equity markets sold off in tthey fourth quarter, but tthey growth equity is [rebounded and valuated][ph]. And so we're really seeing tthey effects of that ttheir quarter. Mike Carrier Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn, just as a follow-up, Seth, just in fixed income good to see tthey performance rebound ttheir quarter, but if you look at tthey one to three-year still under a little bit of pressure. It seems like if we back out AXA, you're still seeing decent trends despite that. But just more curious from tthey distribution standpoint and talking to clients, is tthey long-term process enough to kind of keep demand ttheyre, or are you getting more questions concerns from clients on tthey shorter-term underperformance? Seth Bernstein Thanks Mike. Interestingly, I have been concerned that tthey impact of tthey first quarter would hurt tthey potential for continuing flows. I'm delighted to say we haven't seen that yet, although, it's still possible given that tthey longer-term track records or at least tthey three-year and five-year track record still need to theyal more, but tthey fact is we have seen inflows both in institutional. And I think more from a revenue perspective, more importantly, from retail and in particular from Asia wtheyre those key funds are principally sold. So it hasn't been impacting us, but we're watching it pretty closely. Mike Carrier Okay. Thanks a lot. Seth Bernstein A much longer-term track records of both AIP. AIP is still very strong, but global high-yield as well remain quite competitive. But you're right that three-year and five-year is still challenged. Mike Carrier Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of James Phil [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Hey, good morning. So my question is just on slide 19. It looks like you mentioned M&A couple of times ttheyre. Ttheir hadn’t previously been a huge part of tthey AB story. So, I'm just curious if ttheir is a new focus for you guys, if it's based on feedback that you've received or your assessment of tthey current M&A landscape? Seth Bernstein I don't think it's a change, and I'd respond to you by saying, I think, it's a reaction to tthey current landscape. It's my contention, our contention that tthey market is increasingly challenging for subscale managers, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're in private alternatives or in traditional areas. And I think we offer a really appealing proposition for those people who have a really differentiated return stream. I think we can get ttheym scaled quicker and to a much faster breakeven through our distribution capabilities as well as our relationship with equitable and with our private client franctheire. So I just feel as ttheir current extraordinary economic situation continues, and I suspect we'll see quite a lot of volatility in markets. That smaller managers may be looking for ways to monetize ttheyir positions or frankly find a more stable platform ttheyy're on today. What we're not suggesting, and let me make ttheir really clear is that we've changed our M&A strategy and are searching for a large merger of equals kind of strategy. We continue to be focused on incremental capabilities that we can add eittheyr in our product areas or in distribution selectively. So no I don't think it's a change. We just think tthey marketplace may offer more opportunities. I'm hoping that's tthey case. Unidentified Analyst All right. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Craig Siegenthaler. Craig Siegenthaler Hey, good morning. Can you guys theyar me? Seth Bernstein Yes. Craig Siegenthaler Perfect. Good morning Seth. Good morning, John. First, an industry flow question. Just given how low rates are across most of tthey fixed income market, do you think retail and institutional investors will continue to migrate aggressively into all segments, or do you think we're going to see more of a tilt into higtheyr-yielding segments like high-yield or global bond or maybe that active equity momentum you're seeing will actually continue for longer? Seth Bernstein Look I think tthey Fed and tthey ECB, BoE and ottheyrs are forcing people into equities. I think that is tthey implications of tthey actions ttheyy've taken and tthey put ttheyy've effectively placed certainly on tthey front end of tthey fixed income market. That said, we still see value for institutions particularly those who are managing liabilities in tthey investment-grade arena institutionally. But that's a finite group of people and you know who ttheyy are. I think it's going to continue to concentrate in higtheyr-yielding portions of tthey market, because that's tthey only play ttheyy have. I'd say to you that if all ttheyy're looking for is duration ttheyy need a lot less of it to accomplish tthey same diversification benefit in a multi-asset portfolio. So I don't know that that speaks optimistically for tthey demand for government bonds generally. I think it actually decreases demand over time. And I also think that fixed income markets ottheyr than high-yield and elements of structured credit and EM don't really provide income anymore. So I think people are being forced to look at equities as a replacement ttheyre as well. So I think your inclination is correct. And I guess in regard to Muni's, we continue to see pretty strong demand ttheyre. But Muni's demand has increased for sure after ttheir -- tthey instability that we all saw at tthey end of tthey first quarter, it seems to have stabilized pretty well. I think tthey Fed and tthey treasury have been pretty important to that. And to tthey extent we do see deterioration in Muni credit quality that may change that calculus. But at tthey moment ttheyre is still demand ttheyre. Not as much for sure but ttheyre is still some. Craig Siegenthaler Thanks, Seth. Just as my follow-up, maybe a few details on what is driving tthey outflows in tthey private client channel. And do you think ttheyre's a path towards positive organic growth in ttheir channel over tthey intermediate term? Seth Bernstein What's been driving it for us really has been risk aversion that has caused a number of our clients who want to stay on tthey sidelines in private client. I think performance in tthey first quarter was also challenging for ttheym particularly wtheyn ttheyy looked at Muni portfolios and saw negative returns in some cases that's a pretty unusual circumstance. I think that's an industry-wide ptheynomenon, it certainly is not a reflection of our own unique performance. But we shared it. And so I guess I'd say Craig that I think that's temporary. And while we have seen modest outflows over tthey past several quarters, we have experienced ourselves pretty good growth ttheyre prior to that. And I think that's a function of tthey team's focus on really on ultra-high net worth clients wtheyre we're seeing increasing demand and that's driving our strength ttheyre. But in contrast we have a book of business of smaller accounts that we've had for a long time wtheyre we're seeing aging and decay. And so that's a treading as tthey ottheyr side as our growth in tthey ultra-high net worth is expanding. So ttheyy're underlying crosscurrents in our results in private wealth, but I suspect that we will begin to see stronger organic growth in tthey future. It may not be next quarter, but tthey teams are very focused on what ttheyy're doing. Ttheyy have interesting services, ttheyy're marketing to clients. And frankly ttheir is a really volatile year. And given that tthey overall level of uncertainty, which I think really characterize as markets broadly, I'm not particularly surprised. But look we're focused on it. It's an important area to see renewed growth ttheyre. Craig Siegenthaler Great. Thanks, Seth. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Alex Blostein. Alex Blostein Great. Hi, good morning Seth. Good morning, John. I wanted to follow-up on tthey comment you made earlier around tthey clients and some of tthey fixed income product fees. Is that a function of lower interest rates? And just ttheyre's just more sensitivity in terms of tthey fee people are paying given gross yields have come down as much as ttheyy did. Any channel or geography that's pushing harder I guess on ttheir, or any additional color would be theylpful. John Weisenseel Sure. Alex it's John. So some of it is just tthey plain vanilla institutional fixed income products wtheyre ttheyre's been fee pressure across tthey industry now for quite some time, and our peers are feeling it and we're feeling it as well. Ttheyre is though some element of tthey lower interest rate in terms of more of tthey retail sector and tthey private wealth sector. So ttheyre has been some folks in tthey private wealth channel that have moved into lower interest bearing, lower fee fixed income products that we manage. So that's had an impact as well. And tthey private wealth channel was actually hit tthey hardest as far as tthey decline in fee rate compared to tthey retail and institutional channel. Alex Blostein Got it. And ttheyn just maybe a follow-up around tthey dynamics in tthey active equity business. Seth, you guys have been, obviously, uniquely I think positioned in ttheir part of tthey world most of your peers are seeing active equity outflows. So maybe incremental detail would be theylpful ttheyre in terms of what are you seeing from eittheyr increased search activity or anything idiosyncratic that AB is doing to drive flows into active equities, obviously, beyond performance, performance has been great. But curious if ttheyre is anything unique what you guys are doing on tthey distribution side that's been theylpful over tthey last couple of quarters now. Seth Bernstein Thanks. Look we have -- some of it's luck, some of it is surely skill. Ttheir has been a growth in core driven market and we happen to have strong candidates for both Retail and Institutional clients to consider. And what I think is really driving it more recently is search activity amongst institutions. We've seen pretty robust new inquiry and new RFPs coming out of consultants. Ttheyse are replacement searctheys typically and so, we are seeing good flow ttheyre in several particular strategies that have been beneficiaries. So that particularly in global space global core equity for example and concentrated growth. So we've seen in our strategic core product. So we've seen increased activity ttheyre. I do think that it's becoming received wisdom among gatekeepers in Institutional and Retail that you really do have to have an idiosyncratic return stream net of your factor returns to really earn your place in ttheyse portfolios. And that makes intuitive sense to us and I think more and more people are using that as a basis to screen product. And so, shortly ttheyre's some luck involved. Some of it is wtheyre we invested in tthey past 10 years to rebuild our capabilities. That said wtheyre tthey market-focused to shift to value we'd have a more challenging opportunity ttheyre because we have seen some slightly improved performance in one or two areas within our value suite, but that suite continues to be pretty challenged. Alex Blostein Great, thanks for tthey time. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Robert Lee. Robert Lee Great. Thank you and good morning everyone. Hope you are doing well. Seth maybe first question just one follow-up a little bit on tthey equitable part of support yes I think you highlighted tthey -- I know tthey willingness to support kind of wtheyttheyr it's seeding products or maybe something inorganic. But could you maybe give an update on what ttheyy're contributing currently to ottheyr assets or gross flows? Is it really more of tthey contribution from tthey support of tthey strategy, or is ttheyre -- are you seeing some kind of change or pickup in ttheyir contribution to kind of new business? Seth Bernstein We may have to come back to you on specific details, but it is both. And maybe Mark could clarify if I'm wrong on tthey numbers. But ttheyy have been -- ttheyy will be tthey equity investor for example in tthey CLO portfolios that we're starting up. Ttheyy're also going to be key investors on some commercial real estate debt investments that we intend to undertake particularly in Europe. Ttheyy have continued to show us flows and work with us on different parts of ttheyir general account. If ttheyir general account is not growing in size, so I'm just -- I'm going to actually turn to Mark or to John, maybe to John to give specifics on tthey flows ttheyre just to theylp me through. John Weisenseel Sure. Thank you, Seth. Rob just to give you some perspective theyre. Still as has been for many years tthey percentage of our AUM related to AXA Group and Equitable is around a quarter around 25% or just below and tthey fee is roughly about 5% of our revenue. Over time though ttheyre's been a shift, so as AXA Group has exited or redeemed some of those strategies. Ttheyre's been talking about ttheir $14 billion of low fixed rate -- fixed income. It's been picked up by equitable. Ttheyy picked up tthey slack. So we still sit at those overall numbers on tthey portfolio in terms of AUM and fees. But it's much more now theyavily over on tthey equitable side of tthey coin. Ttheyy picked up a lot over tthey past couple of years as AXA Group has basically redeemed certain strategies. Seth Bernstein And look it's been pretty beneficial to equitable in doing it. I neglect if I mentioned I think ttheyy just seeded a merger ARB fund for us as well. So ttheyy continue to be quite supportive to us. John Weisenseel But it's been very theylpful even in terms of -- we put in place a credit facility a $900 million credit facility several months ago that is actually allowing us to borrow in tthey markets well below tthey commercial paper rates. And so wtheyn you look at our interest expense it's down for two reasons. One is just rates are down, but it's also because of tthey borrowing out that we're doing from Equitable as opposed to in tthey CP market. Ttheyy've been very theylpful.  Robert Lee Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up also on tthey Private Wealth business. During your comments Seth about it's still positive to have longer-term outlook particularly in that ultra-high net worth. I'm just kind of curious kind of maybe more near-term -- how -- what your thoughts are about your ability in ttheir environment to add to tthey adviser theyadcount? And I would assume it's notwithstanding tthey more positive outlook it's just client acquisition it's just moderating it's harder to get in front of people certainly in tthey ultra-high net worth segment. Would that be a fair characterization or not so much? Seth Bernstein Well, I'd certainly say that with tthey shutdowns of tthey company tthey pandemic it certainly forced us to change tthey way we're trying to engage. Although tthey activity levels are pretty high, but I suspect that that is creating a temporary slowdown, but we haven't really experienced much resistance to our introductions and meeting and networking with new higtheyr -- ultra-high net worth clients. But with respect to your first question with regard to financial advisers, we've been growing that group by 5% or 6% annually for tthey last couple of years three years and we want to continue doing that. But as you know we're not hiring typically laterally from ottheyr financial advisers. We're typically training our own taking people make career from ottheyr segments tthey law ottheyr sales functions and retraining ttheym. And that is a longer term investment, but we have a pretty high hit rate. So I don't have anything really to report different ttheyre now, but we are continuing to do that and it's proven successful over time. Robert Lee Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from tthey line of John Dunn [ph] Unidentified Analyst Good morning and thank you. Your ESG has been growing well and building, but it's becoming more and more ubiquitous in people's conversations. Can you maybe just give us a little color on why you think your approach is going to outpace ottheyr guys? Seth Bernstein It's certainly -- you're right that it seems to be tthey order of tthey day. But I think what will make -- differentiate us is exactly what differentiates us across our services today and that's our commitment to fundamental research. Our contention is that people are not going to be -- buyers are not going to be content in simply tthey statement that you utilize an ESG lens to analyze stuff or that you're prompting or engaging companies and providing a voice to push management to a more responsible approach to managing ttheyir business. I don't think that's enough. We don't think that's enough. What we think is important is to actually be able to track it, audit it and report it. Because people want to see both investment performance as well as performance results that are auditable on non-financial measures or non-investment measures. And that's what we're working really hard to do. We have incorporated in our equity and credit research functions, proprietary research and collaboration tools which allow all our teams to share information on what ttheyy learn with clients. So we try to use that ESG integration in our fundamental analysis across asset classes to give us shared understanding of tthey progress or lack of progress individual companies are making. But in addition we think we need to continue to educate ourselves. And that's why we entered into ttheir partnership with Columbia University's Lamont-Dotheyrty Earth Institute. We've already -- Phase 1 is already done which is we developed a client with ttheym. Ttheyir faculty a client curriculum for our investors and it's been available for all of our investors to take classes. It starts pretty grim, but ttheyre's really exciting stuff that rolls out of it because tthey impact of climate change have been so profound already. But we're taking that into a Phase 2 which includes joint research initiatives, hopefully leveraging Columbia's capabilities to theylp us develop climate risk scenario tools for our investors. And even to think about potentially product development ideas. So, I'm very excited about what we're doing and it is translating to different steps that we're taking on tthey product side today. So, for example, we launctheyd a couple of years ago now a carbon-neutral portfolio that invests in global stocks and ttheyy're valued. We utilize a tool to measure carbon cost with respect to valuing those stocks for inclusion in tthey portfolio. We launctheyd a credit version of tthey sustainable global ttheymatic strategy which investment companies that are focused on achieving tthey UN strategic development goals. So, we have a number of products that we think will speak and resonate with different types of investors both institutional and retail as we go forward. But I think ultimately what will differentiate us is again returns; returns measured more broadly in ttheir case, but returns nonettheyless. Unidentified Analyst Got you. And ttheyn just on investment spending you guys talked about tech data. Maybe could you go a layer down on maybe some of tthey projects you're working on and particularly in tthey vein of customization? John Weisenseel Sure. John, it's John. Tthey big project we're working on has been driving a lot of that -- most of that increase in tech is actually we're redoing our multi-asset systems. So, our portfolio management for multi-asset we had a kind of a conglomeration of an equity system a fixed income system alternatives and we're actually redoing tthey entire platform to be a holistic multi-asset. So, that's really been tthey largest spend ttheyre. Ttheyre also has been some spend in terms of -- for our client experience on tthey private wealth side some mobile applications. And ttheyn with regards to our client group which is our distribution function for tthey -- for our team to be able to be more efficiently -- function more efficiently and manage ttheyir client relationships more efficiently as well. So, those have been kind of tthey main areas of tthey spend. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks very much. John Weisenseel You're welcome. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin I turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Thanks Natalia. Thank you everyone for participating in our conference call today. Now, please feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions and have a great day. Good bye.