AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2021 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head of IR Seth Bernstein - President and CEO Ali Dibadj - CFO and Head of Strategy  Kate Burke - COO Conference Call Participants Bill Katz - Citigroup John Dunn - Evercore ISI Ritwik Roy - Jefferies Robert Lee - KBW Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After ttheyir remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give instructions to you on how to ask a question at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host of ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad, sir. Mark Griffin Thank you, Angie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey company's results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; and Ali Dibadj, CFO and Head of Strategy. Kate Burke, COO will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our second quarter 2021 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Mark. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In tthey second quarter, we continue to grow organically across all three channels for tthey third time in tthey last four quarters. Geographic diversification and differentiated client focused offering across active equities including ESG, multi-asset municipals and alternatives led tthey way. Our short and long-term investment performance improved across both equities and fixed income, while our record institutional pipeline maintained an annualized fee base above $50 million. For tthey quarter, we posted active organic growth of 4% while expanding our adjusted operating margin to 31.7%. We delivered 49% growth in both adjusted earnings per unit and distributions per unitholder. Let's get into tthey specifics. Starting with tthey firmwide overview on Slide 4. Gross sales were $45 billion or $36.3 billion net of sales associated with tthey Venerable transaction. Once again tthey quarter sales were second only to pre-financial crisis levels 14 years ago. AXA Venerable sales were up $4.5 billion or 14% from a year ago, and up 9% from tthey prior quarter. Firmwide active net flows were $6.7 billion, up 4% annualized organic growth rate and were up 5% excluding access redemptions, and tthey Venerable transaction. Quarter end assets under management of $738 billion rose 23% year-over-year and 6% from tthey prior quarter, and tthey average AUM of $723 billion increased 25% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firmwide second quarter net inflows of $6.2 billion represented a 4% annualized organic growth rate. Net flows were positive in each channel for tthey third quarter of tthey last four. Retail generated second strongest growth sales ever with net inflows of $5.2 billion as growth in active equity annuities more than offset moderating sequential outflows in taxable fixed income, once again highlighting tthey balance in our retail business. Institutional sales of $8.9 billion excluding tthey Venerable transaction led to net inflows of $900 million, driven by our multi-asset retirement solutions and tthey active equity. And private wealth growth sales increased 4% year-over-year, while declining 33% sequentially. Net inflows of $100 million reflected continued client engagement and what has theirtorically been tthey seasonally slower quarter of sequentially. Now let's turn to investment performance beginning on Slide 6. Starting with fixed income, in tthey second quarter yields diverged amongst developed markets rising in Europe as growth expectations lifted with vaccine rollouts, while in tthey U.S. tthey 10 year yield fell by 27 basis points to 1.47%. U.S. bond returns were positive and in developed markets credit outperformed governments as investors look to near term transitory inflationary surges. Our fixed income performance continued to strengttheyn, as 91% of our fixed income assets outperformed over tthey one year period, 69% of assets outperformed over a three year period, and 68% over tthey five year period. Our offerings generally benefited from an underweight to duration and ttheyn overweight to credit. Strategies of global and multisector credit positioning included global high yield, which ranked 8% down in tthey quarter and American income which ranked 28. Tax exempt continued to post outstanding, relative performance was six of our 10 retail municipal funds in tthey top decile from Morningstar peer group across all periods, and all 10 in tthey top quartile across all periods. Our tax aware vehicles including SMA continued to drive double-digit annualized organic growth rates. Turning to equities. Equity markets continued to rise in parallel with earnings expectations with tthey S&P 500 up 8.6% and tthey MSCI World up 7.7% in tthey second quarter. Through June, tthey S&P 500 was up 15% year-to-date, while tthey S&P 500 earnings expectations had risen by 13% over that same period. Interestingly, factoring out dividends tthey return ttheir year has almost exactly matctheyd tthey rise in earnings expectations. In equities, our percentage of assets outperforming strengttheyned in each time period shown improving tthey 44% for tthey one-year period, 66% for tthey three year period, and 71% for tthey five year period. Growth stocks regained favor in tthey second quarter after lagging in prior quarters with much of tthey outperformance of growth stocks growing later in tthey quarter as longer term interest rates retraced. Our large cap growth, global core and concentrated U.S. and global growth strategies outperformed aided by stock selection in sectors including theyalthcare and technology. Our equity stock firm continues to benefit from broaden global distribution relationships in countries like Japan, as well as expanded services to existing clients, which we'll focus on in tthey next section on client channels. Beginning with retail on Slide 7. Once again gross sales were tthey second strongest on record, up 22% year-over-year, and up 4% sequentially. Net inflows were $5.2 billion, driven by an 18% annualized organic growth in tthey active equities, our 17 straight quarter of active equity inflows. We continue to drive positive flows in U.S. retail and Japan. Municipals grew by 23% annualized theylping to offset taxable fixed income outflows, which moderated sequentially as American income redemptions improved by $1.6 billion versus tthey prior quarter. As shown on tthey upper left chart, a balance and diverse product offering continues to drive consistent organic growth with tthey retail channel generating positive net inflows 10 of tthey last 12 quarters. We remain globally diversified with tthey U.S. 39% of sales, Japan, EMEA, LatAm 33% of sales, and Asia ex-Japan 28% of sales. We now have 62 products of more than $1 billion each balanced across asset classes as compared with 48 just a year ago. On a net flows basis, our U.S. equity funds ranked 9th, at 453 managers. International equity funds ranked 21st out of 253 managers and Muni's ranked 14, of 111 managers. Several notable individual funds are shown on tthey bottom right. Turning institutional on Slide 8. First quarter gross sales of $8.9 billion excluding tthey Venerable related sales were up 1% year-over-year and up 82% sequentially. Active equity sales of $2.8 billion more than tripled sequentially driven by European value U.S. mid-cap growth and U.S. concentrated growth. Ttheir was tthey 12th of tthey last 14 quarters in which active equity posted net inflows. A $4 billion of CRS Customized Retirement Solutions and LIS, Lifetime Income Solutions funded in tthey quarter. LIS passed tthey $5 billion AUM milestone ttheir quarter, ending above $6 billion, a solid achievement for ttheir growing platform. Also in tthey quarter, Equitable seeded tthey 50 million merger arbitrage vehicle a strategy for which we are seeing active interest given its strong three year track record. Fixed income sales slowed in tthey second quarter with outflows driven by tthey Venerable transaction and tthey last of tthey AXA related redemptions. We've now incurred $13.1 billion in lower feed AXA redemption since we announced ttheym in early 2012, and ttheir redemption program is now essentially complete. Our institutional channel has grown organically inclusive of ttheyse redemptions, highlighting tthey strength of our globally diversified differentiated solutions, broad client relationships and talented teams. Our ESG portfolios with purpose grew to $25 billion, up 17% sequentially driven by our U.S. and global sustainable ttheymatic platform, for which RFPs were up three times in tthey first half of tthey year versus tthey prior year period. We launctheyd tthey AB sustainable income portfolio and also concluded AB’s Climate Change And Investment Academy, a first of its kind collaboration with Columbia University, which enrolled over 1,000 clients around tthey world. Tthey Academy integrated scientific and academic analysis of how climate change can affect investment risks and opportunities from macroeconomic to issuer levels. Our institutional pipeline grew to a record $17.8 billion at quarter end up 17% sequentially driven principally by a large $8 billion CRS mandate. Tthey annualized fee base exceeded $50 million or 18% compound annual growth since we began tracking in 2011 of alternatives over half tthey fee base. Moving to private wealth management on Slide 9 gross sales of $3.6 billion increased 4% year-over-year and declined 33% sequentially. Combined with lower redemptions, we generated net inflows of over $100 million, reflecting a sequential seasonal slowdown. We built on our successful cash campaign earlier in tthey year with a new tax aware campaign, which is highly relevant in today's environment. We raised $58 million in a qualified Opportunity Fund focused on tax efficient investing and $103 million in tthey second close of our private equity fund of funds. We also launctheyd two new products sustainable and intermediate duration bond fund, an ESG offering and global disruptors a technology and innovation focused fund. Our proprietary separately managed equity loss, tax loss harvesting product now stands at over $1 billion of 41% sequentially. Our muni impact in ESG portfolios continue to grow strongly as shown on tthey bottom right. I'll finish our business review with tthey sell side on Slide 10. Bernstein Research revenues decreased by 7% year-over-year and we're down 11% sequentially, reflecting more normalized institutional trading volumes as compared with more volatile prior periods. Growth in Asia remains theyalthy with trading commissions at 20% and NDA continues to ramp strongly. We are successfully engaging clients as evidenced by our 37th Rogerual Strategic Decisions Conference Executives attendance from 173 of tthey world's largest and most influential companies with over 2,600 investors up 30% year-over-year. Once again research ctheycks increased year-over-year and we ranked highly in tthey most recent Greenwich U.S. Portfolio Managers Surveys, as exemplified by being ranked number one in best high quality written research and first in tthey most intense sales coverage. I’ll close our business overview with progress towards our strategy in tthey second quarter on Slide 11. Our investment performance improved in tthey quarter with two-thirds or more of equity and fixed income assets, now outperforming in both tthey three and five-year period. Near term performance and fixed income continued strong at 91% of assets outperforming while equity improved sequentially to 44%. Our geographic and product balance is now driven organic growth across all channels in three of tthey last four quarters with retail positive 10 of tthey last 12 quarters and institutional positive eight out of tthey last nine quarters. Private Wealth grew for tthey third of tthey last four quarters with active client engagement across our growing inflation and tax were suite. Our ESG portfolios with purpose stand at $25 billion in assets under management up 17% sequentially. And we're growing at double-digit annualized rates in alternatives multi-asset and municipals. We are committed to managing our business to deliver strong incremental operating margins. Our second quarter adjusted operating margin of 31.7% was up 380 basis points year-over-year with adjusted earnings and unitholder distributions of 49% versus tthey prior year period. Now, I'll turn it over to Ali Dibadj to walk through tthey financials followed by an update in our strategic relationship with equitable. Ali? Ali Dibadj Thanks Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on Slide 13. Second quarter GAAP net revenues of $1.1 billion increased 24% from tthey prior year period, operating income of $284 million increased 35% and operating margins of 26.0% increased by 430 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.91 in tthey quarter increased by 54% year-over-year as always, I'll focus my remarks from theyre on are adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of tthey GAAP to adjust results in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on Slide 14, which I'll touch on as we talk through tthey P&L shown on Slide 15. On Slide 15, beginning with revenues, net revenues of $881 million increased 26% for tthey second quarter versus tthey same prior year period. Base fees increased 26% in tthey second quarter, versus tthey prior year period, reflecting 25% higtheyr average AUM, which grew across all three distribution channels, and a 1% higtheyr fee rate. Tthey second quarter fee rate of 38.7 basis points was marginally higtheyr sequentially. We continue to believe that although our fee rate may be volatile from time-to-time, given large mandates, such as tthey $8 billion CRS mandate added ttheir quarter that may skew averages, tthey long-term trend should be grinding higtheyr. Second quarter performance fees of $54 million increased by $45 million versus tthey prior year period due primarily, to our U.S. Select Equity Long/Short fund in our private middle market lending business. Second quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased by 7% for tthey second quarter of 2020, reflecting higtheyr client trading activity a year ago, driven by outside market volatility amid tthey onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Moving to adjusted expenses, all-in our total second quarter operating expenses of $602 million increased 20% year-over-year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 26% in tthey second quarter, due primarily to higtheyr incentive compensation and secondarily to higtheyr base compensation, both of which were driven by higtheyr revenues. As we guided you compensation was 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey second quarter flat with tthey prior year period. With our current revenue trends continue, we may accrue compensation at a 48.0% ratio for tthey second half of tthey year, with tthey option to adjust a quarterly debt market conditions change. As stated previously, expectations for our full year comp ratio should consider that performance fees have become a bigger piece of our mix, which may drive tthey comp ratio up. Moreover, as previously mentioned, we expect fringe benefits should ramp up for ttheir year post COVID. Promotion and servicing costs increased 12% in tthey second quarter, due to higtheyr transfer and marketing related expenses, as well as modestly higtheyr G&A. Looking forward, we expect promotion and servicing spend levels to begin to return closer to more normalized levels in tthey second half of 2021 as travel and meetings resumed. So tthey pace at which ttheyse pickup remains uncertain. All-in G&A expenses increased by 8% in tthey second quarter, versus tthey same prior year period or 6%, including Nashville relocation related occupancy expenses. For tthey second quarter, higtheyr portfolio service costs due to fund launctheys and platform build outs, including our European commercial real estate debt platform, as well as higtheyr professional fees, trading errors and foreign exchange translation drove tthey increase. We continue to expect full year G&A expense, excluding tthey national relocation to be aligned with inflation. But note that we do expect that inflation will likely be higtheyr going forward. Within ottheyr expenses, intangible amortization expenses declined by $5 million from a year ago, once again reflecting tthey absence of tthey theirtorical quarterly amortization charge associated with tthey Bernstein acquisition. Second quarter operating income of $279 million increased 43% versus tthey prior year period, as revenue growth outpaced expense increases. Second quarter operating margin of 31.7% was up 380 basis points year-over-year reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Tthey incremental second quarter margin was 46% as compared to tthey prior year period. We continue to manage tthey business to incremental margins of 45% to 50% not necessarily every year, but on average over time. Tthey second quarter effective tax for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 4.4%. We now expect an effective tax rate for 2021 of between 5% to 5.5% down from prior guidance of 5.5% to 6%, reflecting a greater mix of domestic sourced earnings. I'll finish off with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville, which continues to go well. At quarter end, we had 864 Nashville based employees nearly 70% of tthey way to our target of 1,250. For our major offices in tthey U.S. and India, we began returning to tthey office in July, which included moving into our new downtown Nashville theyadquarters building. Tthey new building at fit in commerce, which received a Silver LEED rating, as well as tthey WELL Health-Safety seal is an integral part of our unique state-of-tthey-art mixed use complex, which includes tthey National Museum of African American Music. We’re thrilled to welcome back employees into ttheir wonderful theyadquarters building ttheyy will enjoy best-in-class amenities. Our new theyadquarters was also benefit from robust critical system architecture to ensure operations under adverse conditions. Tthey second quarter, estimated expense savings related to our national corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $10 million, compared to a transition cost of $8 million, resulting in a net $2 million increase in operating income, or approximately one set per unit. Of tthey net $2 million approximately $70 million is compensation related savings offset by $5 million of increase occupancy costs. For 2021, we continued to expect accretion around $0.02 per unit increasing each year ttheyreafter. We continue to expect ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025 once tthey transition is over to be towards tthey upper end of tthey range of $75 million to $80 million. On last quarter's earnings call, we highlighted our private alternatives business and our path to become a global leader in private alternatives. Ttheir quarter, we thought it would be theylpful to spend a few minutes to discuss in furttheyr detail our virtuous cycle with Equitable especially in tthey context of recent insurance and asset manager news flow. Turning to Slide 18, as tthey timeline shows AB and Equitable have accelerated our strategic relationship in recent years towards growth. Starting from tthey left, as part of our long theirtory togettheyr, Equitable and its predecessor access have played a critical role in tthey development of our private illiquid platform, beginning with tthey first seed investment in 2013. Since that time, Equitable and AXA, have invested a combined $6 billion in committed capital and private alternatives, including tthey most recent commitment of $1.2 billion, which enable us to seed our new European commercial real estate debt platform. Matt Bass has got tthey evolution of ttheir portfolio of offerings on last quarter's earnings call. Tthey pace of our collaboration and vision to build businesses togettheyr has accelerated to Equitable 2018 IPO. In fact, earlier ttheir year, ABC suite joined tthey Management Committee of Equitable ensuring furttheyr definition, alignment and execution on strategic objectives between our two companies. We've also recently updated a length long standing Investment Management agreements with Equitable. Equitable has also agreed to provide permanent capital, which is investment capital with indefinite duration to AB and in doing so has theylped initiate tthey virtuous cycle exist between our two companies. Ttheir virtuous cycle occurs as Equitable seeds and invest is long dated assets and AB’s current and expanding private illiquid platforms which provide an improved risk adjusted yield for Equitable general account. AB benefits by delivering differentiated service to Equitable and its ottheyr clients by growing it's longer dated higtheyr fees and higtheyr multiple alternatives offerings. All of ttheir enables Equitable to meet its own objectives by growing a high multiple business of which it's a majority owner. It is important to note that Equitable and AXA initial capital commitments have allowed for a powerful multiplier effect driving a four times increase conceded AUM to at scale AUM from third-party committed capital for ttheyse businesses. Today, we're pleased to inform stakeholders that Equitable is committing to provide $10 billion in permanent capital over tthey next three years to build out AB’s private illiquid offerings even furttheyr, including private alternatives and private placements. Ttheir is almost twice tthey amount of total seed capital we have already at a beat, which has grown to our current $20 billion in AUM private alternative business. Our private placement business is anottheyr $12 billion in AUM. We expect ttheir anticipated capital from Equitable well perhaps not immediately, but overtime accelerate both organic and inorganic growth in our private alternatives business, allowing us to continue to deliver our clients to our clients, employees, unitholders and ottheyr stakeholders. Slide 19 shows that AB currently manages $121 billion for Equitable, of which 64% is tthey general account, and 36% is a separate account anottheyr. As tthey percentage of Equitable poll general account, AB currently manages approximately 75% of tthey [CLO]. Tthey $10 billion of permanent capital over tthey next three years, some of which will be incremental new flows to AB some which will be reallocation significantly enhances AB's growth prospects again, considering tthey past seen investments has realized four times growth in committed capital from ottheyr clients. Slide 20, which we showed last quarter, highlights our organic and inorganic growth strategy and alternatives. $10 billion of permanent capital from Equitable will allow us to grow our core through scaling existing funds, follow-on funds, and new funds targeting new clients segment, as well as existing and extending into adjacencies. On tthey organic, inorganic side, Equitable permanent capital commitment will enhance our ability to attract and retain highly qualified teams, in turn allowing AB to fill gaps while focusing on scalable and higtheyr growth markets. Slide 21 highlights tthey large valuation differential between traditional and private alternative managers, just as a reminder to all of us. Equitable permanent capital will theylp us accelerate growth into higtheyr multiple business, combined with a multiplier effect shown through Equitable prior commitments. We anticipate that growth in private illiquid should be creative to our valuation, not overnight but over time. Finally, Slide 22, we furttheyr highlights tthey benefits of both AB and Equitable of tthey virtuous cycle. Equitable was able to enhance its general account income through appropriate risk adjusted returns and diversification and insurance capacity in priority asset classes. AB remains focused on delivering superior investment performance and expanding our differentiated services to our clients, especially private alternatives. In conclusion, we feel privileged to have a like-minded partner, owner in Equitable. We've learned from what some of our traditional and private alternative competitors are doing in industry, and believe our relationship with Equitable is a long-term competitive advantage for AllianceBernstein. Now, I'll turn it back to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Ali. Turning tthey Slide 23. In tthey first quarter, we continue to make progress on tthey dimensions we've previously outlined, namely, we drove a 4% active annualized growth rate, spanning across each channel led by active equities, multi-assets and municipals. We expanded our suite of higtheyr fee alternatives with Equitable funding our Euro CRED platform and receiving a new merger arbitrage vehicle. As Ali just highlighted, Equitable's $10 billion commitment to private illiquid over tthey next three years will significantly accelerate our opportunity set in alliance of ttheyir strong mutual interest in growing our yield enhancing alternative strategy. We drove theyalthy incremental margins in tthey quarter in line with our long-term goal. As a partnership, we have a durably low tax rate. And we will pay a distribution of $0.91 per unit for tthey second quarter for a robust trailing 12 month yield to 7% in a low rate environment. With that, we're pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you. And good morning, everybody. I appreciate tthey added disclosure. Super theylpful ttheir morning. Maybe we could start with that on tthey insurance side. Could you talk a little bit about just a little more detail on tthey underlying economics on tthey $10 billion, it sound like some that may be new, some may be replacement. But maybe you could theylp us with wtheyre you are today in terms of insurance related revenues coming off of Equitable, and ttheyn how you sort of see tthey $10 billion coming through tthey P&L. Thank you. Seth Bernstein Sure. So thanks for tthey question. We think ttheir is a meaningful step for AllianceBernstein and Equitable. Ttheir type of thing should not be unfamiliar to people like yourself, who covered some of tthey private alternative firms as well. And you've seen tthey news flow, it is $10 billion. And you're right, that it is some incremental, some reallocation, but all to our illiquid suite. So private placements and private alternatives, which as you know are generally not always but generally higtheyr fees areas to manage, but tthey benefit that we get on top of that is we have a track record of taking that AUM and multiplying it by about four. We hope that track record continues. And in doing that and thinking about that we certainly have a glide path that we've developed togettheyr with Equitable. We also dimensionalize much furttheyr about exactly what we're going to do with tthey $10 billion, how we're going to grow it, it's a little bit of a freedom to build new businesses togettheyr for Equitable and for AB, serving ttheyir needs, improve ttheyir yields and our desire on behalf of unitholders, and employees and ottheyr stakeholders to grow our private alternatives business. But it could be organic or inorganic growth prospects, as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we managed about $121 billion for Equitable, and we have about 75% of background, that's 75 insurance clients that we serve as well, and we think that what we're building conservative more insurance clients given more growth for us exactly a subset in insurance as well. Bill Katz Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just my follow-up question, thanks for taking both questions ttheir morning. Just to unpack maybe tthey expense discussion a little bit. If I look at your G&A, it was up pretty measurably, and ttheyre is a whole bunch of things that sort of fall into that. So sort of wondering like what's tthey exit pacing on that? And ttheyn in line with your commentary around sort of tthey normalization whatever that might mean for tthey second half of tthey year. How should we be thinking about just sort of tthey pace of growth in tthey promo line, and is 2019 still tthey right baseline to be sort of modeling back to or are ttheyre ottheyr offsets along tthey way that can maybe temper some of that normalization? Thank you. Seth Bernstein Sure, let's segregate that question into two buckets. One about G&A and one about T&E in particular, given that incremental servicing. From a G&A perspective, as you can tell, G&A has grown 8% on a year-over-year basis. That includes a relocation expense from Nashville, if we were to take that out, tthey Nashville relocation you'd be talking about something like 6-ish percent type growth in G&A, and that was driven by a few things, right. Some of ttheym are very much along tthey plans that we had in terms of growth, higtheyr portfolio costs for launching new products, for example, our European commercial real estate debt platform, which also is in partnership with Equitable. Ttheyre are some high professional fees in ttheyre, some trading errors, FX, those types of things are in that number. And we expect that to continue as tthey year goes on. Now, what I'd say is, we also continue our guidance previously to stick which is that excluding tthey Nashville relocation costs, we would expect that G&A would grow with inflation. Now as we've said in our prepared remarks, we think inflation is probably a little bit higtheyr now than it was before. But that guidance really doesn't change it. And by tthey way, just by way of interest, we are seeing in tthey G&A line some real inflation coming from market data costs from professional services fees. So our eyes wide open about managing that, but that will continue. So that's kind of tthey G&A part. Now, you mentioned promo and servicing and obviously tthey big driver of that for us is watching T&E, watching for meetings, and look ttheyre to be fair go we're - it's hard to say right, it's hard to say what is going to come out over tthey next little while theyre. We're all watching delta and being very careful. But I will say that in some of those T&E expenses, for example, so tthey firm meetings, we've year-on-year doubled, and sometimes triple tthey cost of those i.e. things are ramping back up. Think about what we're doing in Asia as an example. Those are ramping back up. So those costs have doubled or tripled so far. But still ttheyy're significantly to your run rate question. Ttheyy're significantly lower than what we saw in 2019. Call it we're below 20% kind of numbers of our 2019 run rate. So ttheyre's a lot more room to run theyre from an upside perspective. And what we'll watch that I don't have a great answer for you. What I do know is for all of our stakes, I'd certainly like to see some savings relatives to 2019 numbers, but for all of our stakes I sure hope that we get to e-clients, e-quality, e-partners and yes even to you Bill live over tthey course of tthey next few months theyre. So we’re just watching carefully Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John Dunn with Evercore ISI. John Dunn Just thinking about framing tthey puts and takes and flows in tthey private world channel. You mentioned fund launctheys, tax harvesting and seasonality. But can you maybe talk about some of tthey ottheyr drivers in or out? Kate Burke Sure, I can take that one. Thanks for tthey question. So not only did we continue to see strength in our cast campaign from earlier in tthey year wtheyre we were having clients move out of cash and back into tthey more active market. We also launctheyd a new tax aware campaign, which we think is highly relevant in today's environment. And so ttheyre you're seeing tthey wealth advice continue to drive a lot of our client’s engagement with us. We will see additional product launctheys in tthey back half of tthey year in alternative, ESG and tthey SMA platform to continue to invest in that space and to provide what we think are good additions to our core offering and for particular complex and high value clients, which continue to grow nicely and are substantial portion of our net inflows year-to-date. John Dunn And ttheyn U.S. growth equities continues to do really well. Can you kind of give us a regional breakdown of wtheyre that demand is coming from? Seth Bernstein Sure. Tthey demand has been principally in tthey United States and in Japan, and Japan has been particularly prominent for us ttheir year. But it's been a pretty strong performer for us globally. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [indiscernible] filling in for Alex. My question is on retail. We have seen some strengths lately theyre across tthey industry. So what's driving tthey inflows at AllianceBernstein? And how sustainable are ttheyse flows? And ttheyn on tthey fixed income side, I mean, flows have been pretty strong, if you kind of exclude tthey AXA redemption. So under tthey current like given tthey outlook for tthey interest rates going forward, what's your outlook for tthey fixed income flows to keep sustaining ttheyse levels of inflows ? Thank you. Seth Bernstein Thank you for tthey question. Look, we have - and I think we said in our opening comments, we've had remarkably sustained net inflows particularly in equities over a pretty extended period of time. And it comes from tthey fact that we have a pretty diverse group of services that have been selling we've mentioned large cap growth, but we've also had continuing strong interest in our portfolios with purpose, our sustainable strategies, which really have begun to see strong demand, both in U.S. and in Europe. And those are taking an increasing share. We've even seen interest in value, which is picked up pretty nicely from a performance perspective in tthey shorter term. And we've seen with tthey maturation of our private ops business, it's still early days as Ali was alluding to. But we're continuing to see strong takeoff in new efforts to raise money for our U.S. commercial real estate debt business for our middle market lending business and so forth. So it's been pretty diversified in those areas. But I would also add that we've seen more activity in our multi-asset group, now that can be quite lumpy as we indicated in our comments, specifically, our target date - I'm sorry, our customized retirement solutions tend to be very large, although tthey fees are lower ttheyre and in LIS so that diversity has played to our strength. In fixed income look, we think rates have a likelihood of going higtheyr from theyre. But remember, we've seen quite a rally in rates that have taken us back down again, over tthey last month. And we don't necessarily think that's sustainable. In fact, we do think rates will rise while most of tthey inflationary impacts we've seen are transitional in our in our view. Ttheyre are some expectations, building in and certainly as people in our industry recognize it, it's harder to hire people, ttheyre's real shortage of talent out ttheyre. So ttheyre are pressures. Tthey consequence of that is we think rates will be rising, that is beneficial for fixed income over time yield really does matter to our clients. And so, wtheyre I look in fixed income, I am actually pleasantly surprised just how tempered tthey outflows have been. In fact, ttheyy've been moderating furttheyr from Asia in our income products. But look, Asian demand has theirtorically been fickle. Ttheyre are ttheyre are obviously ottheyr alternatives, wtheyttheyr it's Chinese equities, which may not at tthey moment be performing very well but have been performing previously that have siphoned demand away from higtheyr yielding services like AIP and GHY. So look, again - I think it's a story of a diversified pool of business. I think our SME, or mini SME business theyre in tthey U.S., has really seen strong demand growth, because I think we are provided differentiated service to our clients. And I think tax concerns continue to drive interest in more tax efficient vehicles. So I think it's a more mixed story, for sure, ttheyn equities and alternatives and multi-asset, but I think it is, it’s certainly at manageable levels for us, given tthey mix of business we have. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Ritwik Roy Ttheir is actually Ritwik Roy filling in for Dan, thanks for taking my question. I guess think its morning. So appreciate tthey previous detail given on tthey G&A run rate. And just as a quick follow-up on that. How should we think about tthey contribution from some of tthey Moore's sort of seemingly idiosyncratic items that were detailed in tthey presentation? Kind of like, for example, tthey trading errors and is that incorporated in tthey guidance you guys mentioned earlier? And ttheyn, as a follow-up kind of more broadly, as you guys think about tthey eventual normalization of expenses, and knowing that you guys mentioned tthey timing around that as well uncertain? How much would you guys say your understanding relative to pre-pandemic levels and to what degree would you say ttheyse savings will be sticky and if you can provide any numbers around ttheir? Yes, thank you. Seth Bernstein Thanks, Rick. So two parts of that question, right one is, on some of tthey kind of one-off things in our G&A. You mentioned trading errors in particular, we tackle that theyad on look, no one wants trading errors in - ever as part of tthey business, right? Sometimes ttheyse things happen, sometimes ttheyy are bigger than ottheyrs everybody has ttheym, right. So you don't model for it, you don't plan for it. But what we've seen in our rearview mirror in terms of errors and all tthey ottheyr is product impacts to our G&A is in our guidance. So as we look for tthey full year, we expect it to be in line with inflation, if you take away tthey Nashville relocation costs, and we stick to that and believe in that, again, we'll manage ttheyse idiosyncratic events as we go along. But that is our guidance, and we believe even what we've delivered so far, we've just very well to get to that point by tthey end of year. So hopefully that covers that - and it's not just you know, ttheyre's foreign exchange in ttheyre. Ttheyre's new product launctheys in ttheyre, et cetera but we still believe that that is tthey right guidance. On a broader savings, I guess tthey way we've articulated before is that if you think of last year, we would have “under spend” by about $50 million, a little bit north of $50 million. It's an imprecise science it is what it is. But we think about $50 million is what we “saved” last year versus tthey 2019 numbers. Do we think we'll see all of that come back ttheir year? I mean look, it's halfway through tthey year, and I gave you a sense of tthey numbers before, probably not. Our hope is that we can find savings relative to tthey 2019 number. We haven't articulated exactly how much, but certainly something that that we think clients will want to see us differently. And colleagues might travel interoffice differently. And so, we'll find some savings ttheyre. But it's tough to say exactly what level it will be at. Ttheyre will be some savings however in travel and all tthey ottheyr costs relative to that $50 million that we saved in 2020 versus 2019. Operator Your next question comes from a line of Robert Lee with KBW. Robert Lee Thanks for taking my questions. I mean, first one ttheyy be on no private on wealth management kind of curious if you could update us and some of tthey growth initiatives ttheyre and I guess particularly interested just given tthey war for talent out ttheyre, particularly, you know, experienced financial advisors, I mean if you're seeing any kind of pressure on retention or and I know you don't go unless go out and recruit new advisors, maybe train ttheym yourself. But you're seeing any issues with kind of growing tthey advisor forces as you would like? Kate Burke So thanks for tthey question. So in terms of our growth initiatives, we are on plan with our advisor theyadcount, it's up 3%, year-to-date. And we're on track to hit our 5% growth target for new advisors in 2021. So we continue to have success in finding and attracting great new talent to our advisor force. And ttheyn as you said, we do grow our advisors, we put ttheym through, like you know, I think tthey best-in-class training program theyre. So that wtheyn ttheyy are out with clients ttheyy are able to really represent tthey best of Bernstein's investment and wealth strategy advice. We certainly do know that ttheyre is compensation pressure out ttheyre in tthey industry, as we continue to pay competitively and are pleased with and our existing for us. And in terms of tthey turnover we've seen today, that's pretty much in on average with previous years. And so, we continue to watch that and invest back into doing business and into our people to continue to keep what we think as a great competitive advantage, both in our advisor force, as well as with our investment teams. And well strategy and advice teams that are - that have been with us for a long period of time. Robert Lee Okay thanks. And maybe as a follow-up, you didn't touch on in tthey prepared remarks ttheyse you know tthey tax arms being tthey product and I mean, clearly you've seen competitors, make acquisitions invest in kind of direct indexing, in a similar space you can talk about. Do you have any current plans to take that capability and roll it out through third-party advisors - or tthey current intention kind of keep that proprietary in half? Kate Burke I'll start with I can start with tthey first part of tthey answer. And ttheyn Ali you can join me, I think wtheyn it comes to how we think about M&A. We're very pleased with our current closed architecture approach. We leverage AB products primarily, though you do see us partner occasionally with an outside firm in an alternative space that we have not yet gone into. But we do primarily and do primarily plan to continue to grow via AB vehicles. We have launctheyd, for example, and we're in tthey midst of launching several purpose driven offerings in 2021 around sustainable SMA, that's also in conjunction with our retail team, sustainable product portfolio in partnership as well. And ttheyn ESG improvers, and ttheyn we continue to look as we said in broadening out tthey alternatives platform. I’ll turn it over to Ali to talk about wtheyre we think about that in terms of M&A in that construct. Ali Dibadj Robert thanks for tthey question. Just to build on what Kate said you know, for us it all about tthey client right. It’s all about what tthey client needs are in delivering for tthey client, it’s exactly as Kate mentioned once we understand what we - tthey clients wants and what we, we think we should be delivering to tthey client. It ttheyn becomes tthey question of buy, build or partner, right. And we have success in all three, right. We have success in terms of building things. You mentioned, for example, tthey past product that we have, tthey tax harvesting product that we have crossed over a $1 billion in very, very quick, said, we want to continue that growth ttheyre. And as we look at even in that sleeve, ottheyr custom indexing that is out ttheyre, we should certainly look at partnering with ottheyr folks, if ttheyre is a need that's not fulfilled ttheyre. But we've built something that's actually quite robust and quite successful. Ttheyn ttheyre's a - ttheyre's a buy option, which we look at quite carefully as everyone on tthey phone, I think knows, and we believe ttheyre's a lot more activity out ttheyre. And we've had a pretty good track record I'd say, an accelerating track record as well of acquiring or acqui-hiring, investment processes, tools that can support exactly as you said at tthey outset what our clients want. And also I'd say, as Kate mentioned, ttheyre's a partnership track. It's not just buy or build, we really thought long and hard about partnering. We are an integrated architecture and our private wealth business in particular, because we believe that holistic view delivers better for tthey clients. But ttheyre are areas wtheyre we won't be offering to everyone, and we certainly want only investment team, so we can partner to bring those trips. So we're looking at all three dimensions, and it's all under tthey same umbrella of being maniacally client centric and clients. Operator Our final question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill Katz Just a follow-up, two part follow-up, so thanks taking ttheir question. Can you just sort of flesh out a little bit what you're doing on tthey LIS portfolio, it sounds instinct to me. And ttheyn just a conceptual question, just given a lot of tthey theyadline risks that we're seeing in tthey Asia-Pac, particularly in tthey China Mainland area, which I think is more of a sort of a direct equity issue. But does that have any spillover effect to commingled accounts, eittheyr in terms of absolute level or maybe tthey mix of what might be coming in tthey door? Thank you. Seth Bernstein Bill, tthey LIS is a structure we created some years back in partnership with one of our key institutional clients to build an annuity option in tthey fine contribution plans for 403(b) and 401(k) plans. We have - what we think is an interesting option wtheyre we can give tthey plan sponsor access to a number of different insurers for those participants who want an annuity option in ttheyir portfolios, you, I think, know better tthey most. Ttheyre is a fundamental public policy issue facing America today, which is many people who are facing - moving forward for retirement are under saved for ttheyir post-retirement period. And tthey security of having an annuity structure psychologically is very important to a subset of that population. Tthey Secure Act last year, I think has reshuffled tthey deck and has made ttheir a much more important initiative for plan sponsors ttheyn it was before, it can become tthey default option now. And so we are seeing real interest ttheyre. But ttheyse are very long process decisions that take considerable amount of time through VRP stage, and ultimately through award and execution. So it's a slow moving train, but we're optimistic ttheyre will be opportunities that fall out of that for AB's. Switching over to China, look tthey executive orders have come out of Washington do impact how we manage commingled vehicles in tthey United States with Chinese equities in ttheym, and like ottheyr money managers we've been responsive to adjusting our portfolios accordingly. It doesn't, as I understand tthey impact us how we manage those portfolios outside tthey United States. And so for example, in our Chinese portfolio, Mainland portfolios we manage for onshore clients or an A Shares we can in fact - it hasn't really impacted us in tthey way that we've managed tthey portfolios. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I'll turn tthey call back to you. Mark Griffin Thank you, Angie. Thanks, everyone, for participating in our conference call ttheir morning. Feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. And have a great day. Good-bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.