AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call February 12, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants James Steele - Jefferies Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs William Katz - Citigroup Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Operator Thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Jodie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So, I'd like to point out tthey safe harbor language on slide 1 of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 2019 10-K, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So, please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report our 2019 results reflected broad-based strength across AB. Firmwide active net inflows were $8.1 billion in tthey fourth quarter, bringing full-year active net inflows to $29.7 billion which translates to a 6.5% active annualized organic growth rate, our best year in more than a decade. Flows were driven by a very strong year in fixed income and continuing success with active equities, which were well-diversified across channels and region. And in an environment of declining fee rates, AB's overall portfolio fee rate remained fairly stable thanks to a favorable mix change. Now, let's get into tthey specifics, starting with a firmwide overview on slide 3. Bryanual gross sales of $103.7 billion in 2019 were up $10 billion or 11% from 2018. Tthey retail channel was robust, reflecting high demand for global fixed income products throughout 2019. Total firmwide net inflows were $25.2 billion for tthey year, comprised of $29.7 billion in active net inflows and $4.5 billion in passive net outflows. Combined with strong markets and solid investment performance, our year-end assets under management of $623 billion increased 21% from tthey prior year. We also reported strong net inflows for January ttheir morning, a continuation of trends we saw in 2019. Slide 4 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firmwide net inflows of $6.5 billion consisted of $8.1 billion in active net inflows, partially offset by $1.6 billion of passive net outflows. Net inflows were positive for tthey sixth consecutive quarter, driven by theyalthy retail and solid institutional results, while private wealth flows were essentially flat.  In retail, gross sales of $18.9 billion were tthey second higtheyst in our retail theirtory, eclipsed only by tthey prior quarter. And retail net inflows of $5.2 billion exceeded $5 billion for tthey fourth consecutive quarter.  In tthey bottom left chart, you can see institutional gross sales of $5.4 billion increase sequentially, resulting in net inflows of $1.4 billion as active equity inflows of $2.6 billion grew at an annualized rate of 27%. In private wealth, gross sales and redemptions both improved relative to sequential and prior-year periods. Slide five is an annual flows view. Firmwide net inflows of $25.2 billion were tthey best we produced since before tthey global financial crisis and were led by retail, which had net inflows of $23.8 billion. Institutional had net inflows of $2.4 billion and private wealth flows contracted by $1 billion following three years of growth. Now, let's turn to investment performance beginning on slide 6. In fixed income, our global diversified approach continued to drive highly competitive risk-adjusted returns, with 81% of assets outperforming over three years and 92% of assets outperforming over five years. Our one-year performance improved to 86% of assets outperforming, led by our Global High-Yield Fund, AB Income and Global Bond Funds.  Tthey barbell approach in our multisector funds, which includes exposure to high-yield, combined with outperformance of risk assets in tthey fourth quarter, contributed to ttheyse results. In equities, our long-term investment performance also remained strong with 62% of assets outperforming over three years and 84% over five years. In tthey most recent one-year period, 43% of assets outperformed. Our large-cap growth funds quality biased, combined with its higtheyr cash position, led to underperformance. In our strategic equities portfolio, lower beta caused us to trail tthey market as did underexposure to more cyclical sectors such as semiconductors. Slides 7 and 8 provide more insight on retail fixed income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed income table on slide 7 reflects that our track records are compelling across tthey near, mid and long-term horizons. Performance in our income portfolios have been particularly strong. South American income and European income are well within tthey top quartile for each of tthey one, three and five-year periods.  Tthey income fund is top decile for tthey one, three and five-year periods and our municipal strategy showed consistent outperformance, with municipal bond inflation and intermediate diversified muni strategies in tthey top decile for each of ttheyir comparable periods and tthey high income portfolio in tthey top quartile for tthey one, three and five-year periods. Moving to equities on slide 8. Among offshore offerings, our concentrated global, global core and select US long/short strategies continue to place in tthey top quartile in all time periods. And global low vol was in tthey top decile for tthey three and five-year time periods.  Of our US retail funds, our concentrated US and international growth portfolios were both in tthey top decile over tthey one-year period, while maintaining strong performance over tthey three and five-year periods. And our large-cap growth fund maintained top quartile performance over tthey three and five-year periods. Within our value offerings, we continued to underperform, while emerging markets growth service experienced to rebound in one-year performance.  Let's move on to our client channels beginning with retail on slide 9. We enjoyed tremendous success ttheir year following years of investment in our retail platform. Our overall sales of $75.3 billion were up 39% year-over-year and surpassed our prior record by $19 billion or 34%.  As tthey top left chart shows, while exhibiting particular strength in Asia, sales grew in all regions versus tthey prior period. And net flows were positive in each region as well.  Full-year active net inflows were $27.2 billion, exceeding $5 billion in each quarter of 2019. Ttheyse results were led by our fixed income platform, which saw active net inflows of $23.6 billion or 31% organic growth. We ranked third out of 412 peers in cross-border retail net fixed income flows. Turning to equities, our active equity platform grew its net flows $3.4 billion, tthey third consecutive year of organic growth. We demonstrated consistency with active equity net inflows in 11 of tthey past 12 quarters.  We continued to show significant diversity in flows as 33 funds attracted net inflows of $100 million or more in tthey in tthey year, 17 of ttheym equities, 14 fixed income and 2 multiasset.  At year-end, AB retail assets under management were $239 billion, an all-time high, up 32% versus tthey prior year. And 55 retail offerings at more than $1 billion in assets under management. Our US retail active equity net inflows for tthey year were excellent. AB ranked sixth out of 455 asset managers. Our international equity and tactical fixed income platforms both ranked in tthey top decile of flows and our municipal bond and liquid alt strategies placed in tthey mid-teen percentiles for net flows versus peers. Ttheyse are distinguittheyyd results.  We also continued to see success in our multiasset strategies, particularly those oriented towards income, as exemplified by our all-market Lux Fund, which was approved for 15 platforms in 2019 and just surpassed over $1 billion in AUM with over $700 million in gross sales during tthey year. Now, I'll discuss institutional on slide 10. Gross sales for tthey year were $17.1 billion, with net inflows of $2.4 billion, comprised of $3.8 billion in active net inflows, partially offset by $1.4 billion of passive outflows. Sales continued to be led by our active equity platform, which is $9.2 billion or up 25% versus tthey prior year, our best year since 2008. It's worth noting that gross sales have exceeded $1 billion for 9 of tthey past 10 quarters. Net inflows of $2.9 billion in active equities translated into a 9% organic growth rate, led by our global core and global concentrated growth strategies. Over tthey past two years, our institutional equities business has grown at an average organic growth rate of 11%. Very strong results given tthey landscape. Our institutional pipeline grew to $15.1 billion at year-end, with $9.2 billion in pipeline additions in tthey fourth quarter. That's up 30% sequentially and 56% year-on-year. Ttheir is tthey second quarter in a row that our pipeline's annual fee base has exceeded $40 million and shows diversification across asset classes and geography. New additions in tthey fourth quarter of $9.2 billion included a $5 billion low fee passive strategy. Excluding that, tthey average fee rate remains more than twice tthey channel average. One additional note. As stated in our earnings release and 10-K, we were sorry recently to receive notification from AXA of its intent to terminate approximately $14 billion of fixed income investment mandate during tthey first half of 2020. However, tthey fees we earned from managing ttheyse assets are low and tthey revenue impact is not significant.  Moving to private wealth management on slide 11. Full-year sales of $11.3 billion reflected some softness due to tthey broader geopolitical environment. In some cases, inflows from clients expecting to sell ttheyir businesses did not materialize wtheyn small business transactions were put on hold due to growing economic uncertainty and some clients with cash to invest turned cautious, awaiting resolution of tthey China trade situation and clarification of Fed interest rate policy. Redemptions in 2019 were below our long-term average, resulting in full-year net outflows of $1 billion. An important element of our strategy is to continue to grow tthey high-end portion of our business.  In 2019, client accounts of assets greater than $20 million grew by 1.1% and alternatives committed and deployed now comprise $11.2 billion, having grown by $1.9 billion or 20% versus tthey prior year. Ttheyse products are supportive of continued growth in our targeted affluent and more highly complex client base. We grew our advisor base by 6%, which is at tthey high-end of our target due to lower-than-expected advisor turnover. And we also saw strong growth in ESG strategies, which grew to $2.7 billion, up 80% from tthey prior year. A few comments regarding our firm's ESG strategy. As a fiduciary responsible investor and research firm, we believe that being a responsible company and investing responsibly go hand-in-hand as we noted in our corporate responsibility report publittheyyd ttheir past quarter. We've invested in several tools to extend and integrate our ESG capabilities into our investing platforms, including a proprietary digital platform called ESIGHT to theylp teams formalize ttheyir ESG evaluations and share insights from company engagement. Our fixed income Prism research platform includes proprietary ESG scores that directly impacts analyst ratings for each issuer. And our sell side research teams integrate ESG factors into ttheyir stock and company analyses. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on slide 12. Bernstein Research continues to feel tthey effects of a difficult environment as customer activity remained depressed in most geographies. Fourth quarter and full-year revenues declined by 4% and 7% respectively as compared with tthey prior-year period. In 2019, we continued to focus on our efforts on a few select growth opportunities, while taking appropriate steps to manage tthey business to ensure that it continues to contribute to AB's profitability. Accomplishments in 2019 included, we remained on plan with our integration of autonomous, achieving our cost savings targets, while our cross-selling efforts are on track with more than 100 potential new clients on trial, launch of both Indian trading and buildout of an Indian research and sales team in Mumbai, focused Asian research investments including seven sector launctheys, and an increased pre-IPO research. Importantly, we had anottheyr strong showing in tthey institutional investor AART survey, with 18 top ranked sectors.  I'll close by highlighting some of our 2019 accomplishments on slide 13. We continued delivering strong, differentiated investment returns for clients across fixed income, equities, multiasset and alternatives, which combined with our global distribution capabilities drove 6.5% active organic growth for tthey full year. Retail had record results with active organic growth of 20% for tthey full year, achieved through diversified net inflows across a diverse number of products.  Institutional saw strength in active equity flows and growing pipeline of higtheyr fee business.  New alternative offerings in 2019 included a fund of funds JV as well as our third commercial real estate fund. We built tthey CLO management business, leveraging our existing high-yield and middle-market direct lending platforms. All of ttheir was done while simultaneously relocating key functions to Nashville wtheyre we now expect to employ 1,250 people, resulting in meaningful expense savings. In summary, we had a strong year across our global platform and we're well positioned for continued growth in 2020. Now, I'll turn it over to John to review tthey financials. John Weisenseel Thank you, Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 15. Fourth-quarter GAAP net revenues of $987 million increased 23% from tthey prior-year period. Operating income of $268 million increased 35% and tthey 26.4% operating margin increased by 140 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.84 compared to $0.63 in tthey fourth-quarter of 2018.  As always, I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which removes tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders upon our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to, and not as substitutes for, our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentations appendix, press release and 10-K. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slides 16. Fourth-quarter revenues of $817 million, operating income of $264 million and our margin of 32.3% all increased year-on-year.  We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.85 per unit compared to $0.64 for last year's fourth quarter. Higtheyr base and performance fees, combined with flat promotion and servicing expenses, primarily drove tthey stronger results. For tthey year, revenues decreased by $10 million to $2.9 billion. Operating income decreased by $50 million to $802 million. And operating margin decreased by 160 basis points to 27.5%. Adjusted EPU decreased to $2.52 from tthey prior year's $2.67. Lower performance fees, Bernstein Research service revenues combined with higtheyr G&A expenses were tthey primary drivers of tthey weaker results. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on slide 17. Beginning with revenues. Net revenues increased 17% for tthey fourth quarter, but were relatively flat for tthey full year versus tthey same prior-year periods. Base fees increased 15% for tthey fourth quarter and 5% for tthey full year due to higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels and a stable portfolio of fee rate of approximately 41 basis points. Fourth-quarter performance fees increased by $39 million to $74 million as result of higtheyr performance fees earned on our US concentrated growth, $43 million; securitized assets, $11 million; and Arya, $8 million strategies.  Full-year performance fees of $97 million compared to $196 million for tthey same prior year period. As discussed on our prior earnings call, 2018 performance fees included approximately $129 million of fees related to two funds – Financial Services Opportunity Fund I and Real Estate Equity Fund I, which were eittheyr liquidated or mostly liquidated in 2018. Fourth quarter and full-year revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 4% and 7% respectively from tthey same prior-year periods. Tthey current-year period includes revenue from tthey Autonomous acquisition which closed on April 1. Excluding Autonomous, Bernstein Research revenues decreased 19% for tthey fourth quarter and 15% for tthey full year due to lower global client activity and trading commissions. Fourth quarter and full-year net distribution expenses increased $8 million and $18 million respectively as a result of higtheyr Asia retail fund sales and AUM.  Fourth quarter and full-year investment gains of $3 million and $16 million respectively result from higtheyr seed investment gains compared to investment losses in tthey same prior-year periods, which included a $6 million realized loss on tthey sale of a seed capital investment in a private equity fund in tthey fourth quarter 2018. Moving to adjusted expenses. All in, our total fourth-quarter operating expenses of $553 million increased 12%. Full year operating expenses of $2.1 billion increased 2% from tthey prior year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 15% in tthey fourth quarter due to higtheyr base and incentive compensation and increased 1% for tthey full year due to higtheyr base compensation and fringe benefits, which were mostly offset by lower incentive compensation.  Compensation was 44.8% of adjusted net revenues for tthey fourth quarter versus 45.2% in tthey prior-year period. Tthey full-year 2019 comp ratio was 47.9%, up 40 basis points from tthey prior year. Going forward, we expect to continue to manage to a comp ratio that will not exceed 50% in any given year.  Given current market conditions, we plan to accrue compensation at a 48.5% ratio in tthey first quarter of 2020 with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey year if market conditions change.  Promotion and servicing was down slightly versus tthey same prior-year periods due to lower marketing expenses, which were partially offset by higtheyr T&E. Lower trade execution expenses also contributed to tthey full-year decline. G&A expenses increased 10% in tthey fourth quarter and 7% for tthey full year versus tthey same prior-year periods due to higtheyr technology expenses related to our business initiatives, increased occupancy primarily related to our theyadquarters relocation and unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Higtheyr errors also contributed to tthey full-year increase.  Excluding tthey theyadquarters relocation and unfavorable foreign exchange effects, G&A increased by 5% in tthey fourth quarter and 4% for tthey full year wtheyn tthey increased errors are excluded as well. Fourth quarter operating income of $264 million increased 29% versus tthey prior-year period as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. Full-year 2019 operating income of $802 million decreased 6% from tthey prior year, primarily as a result of lower performance fees and Bernstein Research revenues.  Fourth quarter operating margin of 32.3% was up 300 basis points year-on-year, reflecting tthey operating leverage of our business. Our full-year 2019 operating margin of 27.5% was down 160 basis points from 2018. Of tthey 160 basis point decline, 80 basis points is due to tthey lower performance fees discussed earlier, 25 basis points is due to tthey theyadquarters relocation and tthey remaining 55 basis points is primarily attributed to tthey Autonomous acquisition, increased trading errors and unfavorable foreign exchange translation. You may have noticed that our fourth quarter adjusted EPU was $0.01 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU, while our adjusted operating income was $4 million lower than our GAAP operating income.  Ttheir is due to tthey exclusion of tthey following three items which are not part of our core business operations. First, we recorded $3 million real estate charge for GAAP reporting, most of which was to write off of a floor, which we had vacated in our White Plains office as a result of our Nashville relocation. Going forward, ttheir charge will also be deducted from our adjusted earnings on a straight line basis over tthey remaining two year lease term and has been included in our theyadquarters relocation guidance. Second, we recorded a $3 million GAAP P&L credit to reduce tthey contention payment liability and a $3 million GAAP P&L intangible asset impairment charge related to a previous acquisition. Finally, we deconsolidated certain seed investments in our adjusted results that we had consolidated for GAAP reporting. Consolidating ttheyse investments increased operating income by $8 million, but did not affect net income or EPU.  For tthey year, our adjusted EPU was $0.03 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU, while adjusted operating income was $21 million lower than our GAAP operating income. Here, in addition to tthey real estate charge and contention payment liability reduction discussed earlier, we excluded $7 million in acquisition costs, which includes tthey intangible asset impairment charge recorded in tthey fourth quarter and $30 million in consolidated variable interest entities operating income. Ttheyse non-GAAP adjustments are outlined in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Tthey full-year 2019 effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.1%, about as expected. Going forward, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 5.5% for 2020 based upon our current forecasted mix of domestic versus foreign pre-tax earnings.  Also, in 2020, tthey intangible assets resulting from Alliance Capital acquisition of Bernstein 20 years ago are about to be fully amortized. We have had an annual amortization charge of approximately $21 million for ttheyse assets, primarily investment contracts. $16 million remains to be amortized in tthey first three quarters of 2020 and ttheyn tthey charge will end. I'll finish with an update on our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville. Our relocation is going very well. Last month, we announced that we plan to relocate 200 additional positions to Nashville, increasing tthey total planned relocated positions to 1,250. At year end, we had over 600 Nashville-based employees. For tthey fourth quarter, transition costs related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $8 million compared to estimated expense savings of $4 million, resulting in a net $4 million reduction in operating income and about a net $0.02 reduction in EPU. Of tthey net $4 million, approximately $1 was compensation related and tthey remaining $3 million representing increased occupancy costs. For tthey full year of 2019, transition costs totaled $33 million compared to estimated expense savings of $16 million, resulting in a net $17 million reduction in operating income. That is about a net $0.06 reduction in EPU, which is $0.02 less than we had expected. Of tthey net $17 million, approximately $9 million is compensation related, with substantially all included in tthey comp ratio calculation and tthey remaining $8 million representing increased occupancy costs. We expect a similar $0.06 reduction in full-year 2020 EPU due to tthey relocation, breakeven to slightly positive EPU accretion in 2021 and an EPU accretion for each year ttheyreafter. We now estimate that our ongoing annual expense savings beginning in 2025 once tthey transition period is over to be approximately $5 million higtheyr than we previously discussed. It will be in tthey range of $75 million to $80 million per year.  Ttheyre is currently no change to our estimates of ranges for cumulative transition costs, $155 million to $165 million, or expense savings $180 million to $190 million to be realized over tthey transition periods 2018 through 2024 wtheyn our New York City building lease expires.  Our estimates for both tthey transition costs and tthey corresponding expense savings are based upon our best current assumptions of employee relocation costs, severance, recruitment and overlapping compensation and occupancy costs. Our estimates for tthey timing of both incurring transition costs and realizing tthey related expense savings are based on our current relocation implementation plan and tthey timing for tthey execution of each phase.  Tthey actual total charges eventually recorded and tthey related expense savings realized and tthey timing of tthey EPU impact are likely to differ from our current estimates as we implement each phase of our theyadquarters relocation.  And with that, Seth, Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. James Steele Hey, good morning. Ttheir is actually James Steele filling in for Dan. So, my question is on tthey comp ratio. I'm just curious as to what might drag ttheir kind of toward tthey high end or above your range. I guess we would've expected it might have come in a bit higtheyr just given wtheyre performance fees were ttheir quarter. John Weisenseel Ttheir is John. In terms of wtheyre we came in for tthey fourth quarter, we were able to leverage that down with tthey increased rise in tthey market. And ttheyn also, as we got into tthey fourth quarter, we true-up our compensation requirements on an individual basis for each SPU. So, that allowed us to actually bring tthey ratio down.  Starting off for tthey year, again, we're going to start at 48.5%, which is actually a full percentage point lower than wtheyre we had started a year ago and it's really function of wtheyre we're starting off with tthey AUM. Our AUM starting ttheir year is about $110 billion higtheyr than wtheyre we had ended tthey prior year and that's translating into much higtheyr base fees, much higtheyr revenue and allowing us to leverage that comp ratio down. James Steele Got it. And ttheyn, secondly, just on AXA mandate termination. Just curious on, I guess, wtheyre those assets are going, if you know why it was terminated? And ttheyn, if you just kind of theylp us wtheyre those assets currently sit. Is it taxable fixed income or [indiscernible]? Seth Bernstein Yeah. As you may or may not know, AXA has its own in-house money manager, AXA investment managers, and our understanding ttheyy will move that in-house. It was all taxable fixed income. Mark Griffin Operator, we can move to tthey next question please. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Mike Carrier Good morning. And thanks for taking tthey questions. Overall, just on tthey flow side, you guys pointed out tthey flows are strong, both on tthey retail and institutional side and tthey pipelines looks good. I guess, just one follow-up on tthey AXA. Just given maybe ttheyir relationship or you guys' relationship with ttheym and what remains, I guess, ttheyre, like more of tthey assets that potentially go in-house or was ttheir sort of a one-off? I know tthey fees are low, but just so we kind of can gauge what that relationship is going forward. Seth Bernstein Mike, it's Seth. Thanks for tthey question. As we've discussed in tthey past, ultimately, AXA having sold out its ownership stake would over time, we thought, move to more of an arm's length business partnership. And while we have continued to enjoy inflows and specific strategies with ttheym in 2019, we knew that it was a potential possibility that ttheyy would begin to bring assets in-house, which ttheyy decided to do. We don't know what ttheyir long-term plans will be. But as I said to you earlier, I think it'll move to be more of an arm's-length relationship. So, ttheyy're pleased with tthey overall level and service performance that we are providing today. John Weisenseel And, Mike, it's John. Just to add to add to Seth's comments, we've looked at tthey total combined AXA and equitable relationship and we've disclosed that it's roughly 25% of our total AUM, about 5% of our fees. But wtheyn you break that down, tthey equitable piece now is much larger than tthey AXA piece, both in terms of assets under management as well as tthey revenues that are derived from those assets. Mike Carrier Got it, okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just one more on expenses and margins, I think ttheir is a while back, but you guys, I think, had a 2020 margin kind of range. I think it was around that 30% and ttheyn you've got kind of tthey Nashville efficiencies that you will come in over tthey next couple of years. Just maybe bigger picture, just given what you're seeing in terms of tthey momentum on tthey flows and even tthey fee rates and wtheyre you're investing and wtheyre you think you can get some incremental operating leverage, how are you thinking about maybe hit a margin over tthey next few years based on tthey core business plus with tthey natural synergies coming into play? John Weisenseel So, Mike, it's John again. Again, we were still committed to tthey 30% margin and we're going to definitely get ttheyre. We just don't think it's likely in 2020 unless we get markets like we had last year. And if we had markets like we had last year, we'll definitely be ttheyre. But tthey markets were much more of a driver than tthey flows in terms of bringing up tthey AUM and tthey bass fees and tthey performance fees as well. So, we're still targeting that 30%. We're going to get ttheyre. Again, if we get really strong markets in 2020, we could potentially get ttheyre, but we just don't think it's likely. Seth Bernstein I guess what I would say also is, look, nobody's happy with 27.5% margin. We think tthey margins can be higtheyr. And we've always talked about a 50% incremental margin as we can drive revenue and we remain committed to that. So, as John is saying, to tthey extent that we can see higtheyr revenues, that's tthey easiest path to get to a higtheyr margin level, be it 30% or higtheyr. Mike Carrier All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Alex Blostein Hey, good morning. Thanks, guys, for taking tthey question. Seth, a little bit of a bigger picture question for you. So, wtheyn we take a step back, AllianceBernstein has been one of tthey best flowing asset managers in tthey space with pretty attractive fee rates. So, one could argue that your organic fee growth is top decile. Yet, wtheyn you look at tthey valuation, stock has been sort of stuck theyre at around 11 times earnings. So, anything you guys could do to theylp unlock shareholder value given tthey strong top line growth? Seth Bernstein God, that's what we were already trying to do through tthey results we're generating. Look, I don't think ttheyre are obvious levers for us to pull that we aren't pulling today. We have been proactive in addressing what we think is a structural cost challenge in tthey long-only industry by trying to utilize technology to automate lots of processes. And I think more importantly in tthey short term, relocating our theyadquarters to Nashville. I think those were important steps that are still in execution and people are working very hard to achieve our objectives ttheyre.  But, Alex, from our perspective, we think we're doing what we're supposed to do. We're focusing on blocking and tackling, focusing on finding new teams that can theylp supplement tthey suite of strategies we currently field and continuing to retain and attract really talented people. Beyond that, I think ttheyre's not a lot we can do. Alex Blostein Yeah. That was kind of tthey point, sorry, of tthey question. It didn't come out that way. You guys are executing on tthey initiatives that you outlined. It's just not resonating in much of a multiple improvement and it feels like a lot of it ultimately has to do with tthey structure with tthey K1 and, obviously, tthey ownership. So, any updated thoughts around – I guess on that front would be theylpful. John Weisenseel Alex, it's John. I think in terms of – wtheyn you look at tthey folks that have converted, tthey alt managers and you look at us, we're very different, right? So, our trading market cap is about $3 billion. And of that $3 billion, roughly a third of that is theyld with employees and directors. So, it just doesn't trade that much. Some of tthey ottheyr folks that have converted ttheyir trading market caps are going from $12 billion up to $80 billion. Ttheyy are trading several million shares a day. We're trading 300,0000. We're controlled. We have a controlling parent that has an economic interest of 65%. So, much different than tthey ottheyr folks. And so, it's not clear to me that a conversion actually theylps our unitholders from that perspective and ttheyre is incredible tax leakage involved in something like that.  And ttheyn also too, with an election coming up, once you convert, you can't go back. And last time I ctheycked, I think it's all of tthey Democratic candidates are calling for increased corporate taxes. So, I just don't think ttheir is something that makes sense for us. Alex Blostein Got it. All right. Fair enough. My second question is around tthey expenses. I think you guys talked about tthey margins overall, but theylp maybe dissect what's going on in G&A. You gave a couple of bullet points on – kind of core G&A growth, I think, was around 4% for 2019 wtheyn you ex out some of tthey errors and tthey FX dynamics. But as you're looking out into 2020, what's sort of a reasonable G&A growth and off of what base you would be, I guess, considering that? John Weisenseel Yeah. No, I think again off tthey current base, wtheyn you strip out those items I mentioned, we would be looking to grow at around tthey rate of inflation. So, I think we're talking 2% to 3%. And that growth in tthey G&A I think, going forward, is primarily driven by many of our technology initiatives that we're investing in technology across multiple business lines that we have, both for tthey client experience as well as for tthey manager to give ttheym better tools to do ttheyir jobs. Alex Blostein Great. Perfect. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz of Citi. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. William Katz Okay. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. I guess maybe just one performance fees. Could you give us a sense of wtheyre you are in terms of performance fee eligible AUM, how it may have changed year-on-year and ttheyn how to think about any of tthey seasonable locks as we think about 2020? John Weisenseel I think it's just over 5% of our total assets now are performance fee based. Tthey biggest part of that is in tthey private wealth business, which is about 9%, and ttheyn institutional about 8% and retail is very small. But that's wtheyre we are. It's been slowly creeping up. We are seeing some on tthey institutional side, some of tthey recent equity mandates are coming in with perhaps a bit lower [indiscernible], but also include a performance fee as well. So, we are seeing on tthey institutional side more interest in performance fees. We're also seeing more interest as well as on tthey private wealth side as well. But it's slowly creeping up. William Katz Okay. And just as a follow-up just within tthey ottheyr bucket. Could you maybe talk a little bit about your opportunities to sort of seed for growth in tthey alternative segment as we look out to 2020 and beyond? Seth Bernstein We continue to focus on private alternatives, in particular, Bill. And so, we are continuing to uncover teams wtheyre we think ttheyy have really a compelling investment proposition and a proven track record who we think we can get to scale fairly quickly. That's our appeal to ttheym. And we have nothing to report at tthey moment, but ttheyre are ongoing discussions. And our goal was to add additional teams ttheir year and each year going forward. John Weisenseel And I would just add within our existing suite of services, tthey flows remain quite robust, Bill. William Katz Okay, thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Robert Lee of KBW. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Robert Lee Great, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe following up to Bill's question a little bit on tthey alternatives. I'm just kind of curious. I guess a lot of your alternatives business, as you point out, comes from tthey private wealth segment, but can you talk a little bit about maybe what success or what you're seeing in broadening your alternatives distribution, tthey institutional channels, kind of what proportion of your new business is coming from outside private wealth and some of your initiatives ttheyre? Seth Bernstein Let me start, but I'm going to actually defer to Jim later on. He may have something to add theyre. But for tthey private credit strategies, wtheyttheyr it's commercial real estate debt or a middle market lending, I believe a preponderance of ttheyir flows are coming now from institutional clients. And we've seen particular interest among insurers both theyre in tthey United States, but also outside tthey US for those assets and ttheyy continue to be interested in different strategies that we're developing within those groups. Jim, do you have anything to add? Jim Gingrich Yeah. I guess I would say a couple of things. One is that in our wealth management business, our clients remain under-exposed to alternative. So, it remains an essential part of our strategy to expand our wealth management business as well as in terms of attracting new clients as well as additional penetration within tthey client base that exists today.  As Seth said, wtheyttheyr or not we're talking about Arya, which is our multi PM long/short strategy, our securitized fund, our middle market lending capabilities or our commercial lending capabilities in tthey real estate space, all of those are experiencing very nice growth in institutional.  And I guess, I would add, we also think ttheyre's opportunity in traditional retail space for those types of strategies as well. So, as I indicated earlier, we're pretty excited about tthey opportunities we have within tthey set of services that we have today as well as our ability to add new services and scale ttheym over time. Robert Lee Thanks. So, maybe sticking with tthey private wealth channel, I think, Seth, you've mentioned 6% was kind of towards tthey high end of your expectations for advisor theyadcount. But can you maybe update us on kind of what you're thinking of that channel for advisor growth over tthey coming years and maybe any current plans to go back to expanding tthey footprint somewhat or is it kind of just fill in with tthey existing footprint? Seth Bernstein We think we have an enormous opportunity within our existing footprint to expand beyond wtheyre we currently stand today, Bill. We think we're underpenetrated in a number of cities outside of New York that we've grown in. We just opened in Nashville, as you know, and we continue to see real interesting activity ttheyre as well as in our ottheyr offices. But with respect to tthey theyadcount we're looking for, we're hoping to see 5-odd-percent kind of growth rate year-over-year ttheyre. We think that's about as fast as we can manage to grow organically, just given tthey commitment to education we make on each new financial advisor that we bring in. Jim Gingrich I guess I'd also say we remain very focused on growing tthey productivity of tthey advisors that we have in place. And as outlined in tthey presentation, our track record is pretty strong ttheyre, but we still think we have real opportunities for that to continue. Robert Lee Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for participating in our conference call. Feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. Have a great day.