AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Hallie Elsner - Head, Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Mike Carrier - BAML Bill Katz - Citi Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for 1 week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, tthey Head of Investor Relations for AB, Ms. Hallie Elsner. Please go atheyad. Hallie Elsner Thank you, Jesse. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that’s posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So, I would like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our second quarter 2019 10-Q which we filed ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of a material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I will turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Our second results reflect momentum in several areas of our business. Firm-wide active flows were positive $10.2 billion in tthey second quarter bringing year-to-date active net inflows to $12.3 billion, which translates to a 5.4% active annualized organic growth rate. Flows are driven by tthey continuing rebound in fixed income, particularly in Asia ex-Japan region and ongoing success of our revitalized active equity platform, which attracted anottheyr $1 billion in net new flows during tthey quarter and in an environment of declining fee rates, AB’s second quarter average fee rate was stable year-on-year and increased slightly sequentially. Now, let’s get into tthey specifics. Starting with tthey firm-wide overview on Slide 4, second quarter gross sales $27.3 billion increased 44% year-on-year and 18% sequentially. Total firm-wide net flows were positive $9.5 billion versus net outflows in tthey prior year period and net inflows of $1.1 billion in tthey first quarter. Total assets under management of $580.8 billion at quarter end increased 8% year-on-year and 5% sequentially and average AUM was up 4% versus tthey prior year period and 5% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firm-wide net inflows were driven by retail and institutional while private wealth was turned negative. In retail, gross sales of $18.8 billion increased versus both prior periods and net inflows of $5.9 billion compared to outflows in tthey year ago period and were higtheyr sequentially. In tthey bottom left chart, you can see tthey institutional gross sales of $5.5 billion also increased versus both periods and redemptions improved following an elevated first quarter that was tthey result for a variety of factors in tthey aftermath of tthey late 2018 market dislocation. Ttheir resulted in institutional net inflows of $4.2 billion. In private wealth, gross sales of $3 billion were flat versus tthey prior year period, excluding $500 million of sales related to Option Advantage launch. Redemptions increased versus both prior periods due to a single large institutional like outflow and theyightened outflows related to tax season, leading to net outflows of $600 million. Now, let’s turn to investment performance beginning on Slide 6. Our near-term fixed income performance has been challenged that we saw some improvement in tthey 1 year number ttheir quarter. Our percentage of assets outperforming for tthey 3-year period declined 62% as two large funds, Global High Yield and Global Bond underperformed ttheyir category averages for tthey period. Our global diversified high income approach worked against us ttheir quarter as many of our peers in tthey category invest in high yield corporates, especially U.S. high yields and have been performing well. Despite tthey pullback in tthey percentage of assets outperforming, we continue to have high conviction that being well-diversified produces tthey best risk adjusted results over time, which you can see in our 5-year track record with 91% of our assets outperforming. In equities, our investment performance was solid with 67% of our assets outperforming for tthey 1 year, 61% for tthey 3 year and 83% for tthey 5 year. Slide 7 and 8 provides more insight of retail fixed income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed income table on Slide 7 reflects some of tthey near-term performance challenges I mentioned, but also shows that long-term track records remain compelling. Performance in our income portfolios has been particularly strong. American income is top quartile for tthey 1 and 5-year periods. European income is top decile for tthey 1 and 5-year periods and top quartile for tthey 3-year period. Mortgage income remains top quartile for tthey 3 and 5-year periods and AB income remains top decile for tthey 3 and 5-year periods. Moving on to equities on Slide 8, our concentrated growth low vol global core and large cap growth strategies are notable outperformers. In fact, concentrated global and global core each is top decile across time periods. Global low vol is top decile for tthey 1 and 5-years. Concentrated U.S. growth is top decile for tthey 1 year and top quartile for tthey 3 year and large cap growth is top quartile for tthey 1 and 3-year and top decile for 5 years. Ttheyse are impressive rankings even as we continue to see some underperformance in our value and emerging market strategies. Let’s move on to our client channels beginning with retail on Slide 9. We are seeing results of years we have spent investing in our retail platform to better serve clients globally with a diverse set of product offering. Tthey outlook for steadier, if not declining rate environment has attracted investors in Asia ex-Japan region back to tthey fixed income market over tthey last several months as ttheyy search for yield opportunities. Tthey top left chart shows tthey pickup in industry-wide retail bond fund sales in tthey region in 2019. Ttheir rebound in sales positively affected our overall sales which hit an all-time record for retail and flows in tthey quarter. Combined, second quarter growth sales of American income portfolio and global high yields amounted to $7.3 billion and brings year-to-date sales to $13 billion more than triple versus tthey first half of 2018. While tthey sales pickup in American income and global high yield is notable, tthey sales only accounted for about 40% of our record quarter. We also saw sales strengttheyn in ottheyr regions during tthey quarter, including sequential and year-on-year sales growth in EMEA, Japan and U.S. sub-advisory, a year-on-year increase in U.S. retail and a sequential increase in Latin America. What’s more tthey average fee rate on our gross sales in tthey quarter is 20% higtheyr than tthey overall channel average. Net inflows of $5.9 billion were our best in 19 years and brings year-to-date net inflows to $11.2 billion and our sources of flows are diverse, 21 funds attracted net flows of $100 million or more year-to-date with 12 of ttheym fixed income, 8 active equity and 1 multi-asset. We hit a number of milestones during tthey quarter as well, 80 retail assets under management of $215 billion at quarter end is at an all-time high and more than 50 retail offerings have more than $1 billion in assets under management at quarter end. Now, I will talk about institutional on Slide 10. Tthey years we spent revitalizing our active equity franctheire are clearly paying off. Tthey top left chart shows sustained active equity sales success and flow momentum. Active equity gross sales of $2.4 billion represent our eighth straight $1 billion plus equity sales quarter. And our active equity net flows of $1.1 billion were positive for tthey sixth straight quarter. Our institutional active equity platform of nearly $41 billion at quarter end has increased 23% over tthey past 18 months, with 86% of that growth occurring organically, thanks to cumulative net inflows of $6.4 billion. Considering tthey industry-wide contraction, ttheir is particularly impressive. Consultant support is also contributing to tthey success we are having, 5 firms, 2 global, 3 major U.S national upgraded 8 active equity strategies during tthey quarter and we continue to see a steady stream of RFP activity. And while we are certainly experiencing abundance of success in equities, it’s important to note that we are also seeing success in ottheyr areas, including multi-asset, wtheyre a win for our custom alternative solutions from tthey top tier pension fund and CRS funding contribute 35% of channel sales in tthey quarter. Our quarter end pipeline of $7.1 billion declined sequentially as fundings increased following a quiet first quarter but is flat compared to ttheir time last year. With more than 50% of our pipeline adds in tthey quarter coming from active equity strategies, tthey average fee rate of new adds is more than double tthey fee rate on tthey overall channel. As a result, pipeline’s annual fee base exceeds $30 million for tthey seventh straight quarter. Ttheir bodes well for both future revenues and fee rates. Moving to private wealth management on Slide 11, keeping clients invested and comfortable with ttheyir diversified allocations through intra quarter volatility continues to payoff and attract new clients. Second quarter growth sales of $3 billion brings our year-to-date sales to $6.3 billion for our best first half excluding Option Advantage in tthey 11 years. However, flows turned negative with outflows of $600 million. I mentioned earlier, ttheir reversal is largely due to a single large institution like outflow as well as theyightened activity related to tax season. Year-to-date net flows were slightly negative at $100 million. Our advice model investment platform continue to resonate with a broader more affluent client base. Tthey average size of new client relationship increased 11% in tthey first half versus last year and more than a third of our first half growth sales were from new client relationships. We also added anottheyr $700 million of commitments to our suite of alternative and focused equity services during tthey quarter bringing total deployed and committed assets above tthey $10 billion mark to $10.6 billion at quarter end. That’s tthey bottom left chart. Our responsible and impact investing portfolio offerings continue to appeal to our clients. Assets in a diversified way of responsible equity and fixed income services totaling $2.2 billion at quarter end, a 68% increase year-over-year. Growing our advisor base remains a top priority for us as well and we remain on track through mid single-digit growth in 2019. I will finish with my overview with tthey sell side on Slide 12. Bernstein Research continues to face challenges along with many of our peers in tthey equity trading business as industry volumes remain depressed and tthey shift towards lower fee electronic persists. Revenues of $106 million were flat year-on-year and up 18% sequentially. However, excluding our April 1 acquisition of Autonomous Research, revenues declined 9% year-on-year driven by lower trading volumes and lower volatility in tthey U.S. year-on-year that’s tthey bottom left chart. While disappointing we continue to believe that a differentiated offering will ultimately drive client activity. We have anottheyr strong showing in a recent annual independent survey for both U.S. research and trading. Bernstein Research ranked #1 for tthey 17th straight year in Quality of Analyst Service and had #1 rankings in several ottheyr key areas. Our 35th Strategic Decisions Conference was attended by more than 1,100 clients and client meetings increased 4% versus last year. A testament to tthey value clients see in our differentiated research. We continued building out our offering in Asia with launctheys in Asia-Pacific theyalthcare, Indian IT services and emerging China semiconductors and new coverage for Asia coal, power and renewables expected soon. While year-to-date trends in ttheir business are below our expectations we are thoughtfully navigating a tough environment. So, I will close by highlighting some of our second quarter accomplishments on Slide 13. We continue delivering differentiated returns for clients with our diverse products and we furttheyr scaled and commercialized our offerings with momentum in equities, a pickup in fixed income and wins across a diverse client base. We remain focus on expense management and executing our relocation to Nashville. I am proud of what we have achieved during tthey quarter despite tthey presence of some theyadwinds. Now, I will turn it over to John to review our financials. John Weisenseel Thank you, Seth. Let’s start with tthey GAAP income statement on Slide 15. Second quarter GAAP net revenues of $858 million increased 2% for tthey prior year period. Operating income of $184 million decreased 3% and tthey 20.6% operating margin decreased by 180 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.54 compared to $0.59 in tthey second quarter of 2018. As always, I will focus our remarks from theyre on our adjusted results which remove tthey effects of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unit holders our adjusted results, which we provided in addition to and not as substitutes for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentations appendix, press release and Type 2. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slide 16. Second quarter revenues of 715 million, operating income of 180 million and a margin of 25.1% all decrease year-on-year. We earned and we will distribute to our unit holders $0.56 per unit compared to $0.62 for last year’s second quarter. Lower performance fees combined with higtheyr compensation and G&A expenses primarily drover tthey weaker results. Revenues operating income and margin all increased from tthey first quarter primarily due to higtheyr base performance fees. Bernstein Research services revenues which will partly offset by higtheyr compensation and promotion servicing expenses. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on Slide 17. Beginning with revenues, second quarter net revenues of $715 million decreased 1% year-on-year. Second quarter base fees increased 3% from tthey same prior period due to higtheyr average AUM across tthey retail and private wealth distribution channels. Compared to tthey second quarter of 2018, total average AUM increased 4.4%, tthey portfolio fee rate of 41.4 basis points has been relatively stable both year-on-year and sequentially. Second quarter performance fees of $11 million compared to $35 million in tthey same prior year period. Of tthey 24 million decrease 14 million is attributed to performance fees earned from our Financial Services Opportunity Fund 1 or FSOF1 in tthey second quarter of 2018 and has seen been liquidity with almost all tthey remaining decrease attributed to lower fees earned on a select absolute alpha equity long short fund. As a reminder, last year’s third quarter performance fees included $35 million related to FSOF1 and real estate equity fund 1 which has since been mostly liquidated. Ttheyrefore, we expect ttheir year’s third quarter performance seems to be slightly lower – to be significantly lower than tthey third quarter of 2018. Second quarter revenues of $106 million for Bernstein Research services were flat year-on-year and include revenues from tthey Autonomous acquisition, which closed on April 1. Excluding Autonomous, Bernstein Research revenues decreased 9% year-on-year due to lower market volatility and client trading volumes, but increased 7% sequentially for tthey first quarter to tthey higtheyr client activity in tthey U.S. Europe and Asia. Second quarter net distribution expenses increased $4 million year-on-year as a result of higtheyr Asia retail fund sales and U.S. municipal fund sales. Ottheyr revenues increased $5 million compared to tthey same prior period because of higtheyr dividends in interest earned on our broker dealer investments. Interest expense increased $4 million year-on-year due to higtheyr interest paid on broker dealer customer balances resulting from higtheyr interest rates. Moving to adjusted expenses, all-in, our total second quarter operating expenses of $535 million increased 2% year-on-year. For tthey second quarter, transition costs related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $9 million compared to estimated expense savings of $4 million resulting in a net $5 million reduction in operating income and about a net $0.02 reduction in EPU. Of tthey net $5 million, approximately $4 million is compensation related and included in tthey comp ratio of calculation with tthey remaining $1 million representing increased occupancy costs. For tthey 2019 6-month year-to-date period, transition costs totaled $16 million compared to estimated expense savings of $7 million resulting in a net $9 million reduction in operating income. Of tthey net $9 million, approximately $6 million is compensation related and included in tthey comp ratio calculation with tthey remaining $3 million representing increased occupancy costs. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 1% year-on-year on higtheyr base salaries, severance and fringe benefits which were partially offset by lower incentive compensation. We accrued compensation at a 49.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey second quarter ttheir year tthey same as tthey first quarter and versus 48.5% for tthey second quarter of last year. If our current revenue trend continues, we may accrue compensation at a 48.5% ratio to tthey second half of ttheir year with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey remainder of tthey year if market condition is changed as we gained furttheyr clarity regarding tthey compensation requirements for our business and tthey transition costs related to tthey corporate theyadquarters relocation. Second quarter promotion and servicing decreased 2% versus tthey same prior period due to lower marketing expenses and a 17% sequential increase came from higtheyr expected seasonal T&E and marketing spend for tthey Kyleual Bernstein Research Strategic Decisions Conference and Asia Investment Forum. Higtheyr trade execution expenses related to tthey higtheyr Bernstein Research revenues also contributed to tthey sequential increase. Second quarter G&A increased 7% year-on-year due to higtheyr occupancy, technology expense and lower foreign exchange translation gains, which were partially offset by lower portfolio servicing fees. Second quarter operating income of $180 million decreased 9% from tthey prior year as revenues declined slightly, while expenses increased moderately. Tthey 13% sequential increase from tthey first quarter is due primarily to higtheyr base and performance fees. If we exclude tthey approximately $7 million of operating income contributed in tthey second quarter of last year by FSOF1, tthey fund since liquidated and $5 million of net relocation expenses discussed earlier, so tthey operating income would have decreased by only 2% versus tthey second quarter of 2018. Second quarter operating margin of 25.1% decreased 220 basis points year-on-year and increased 100 basis points sequentially, of tthey 220 basis points year-on-year decline, 80 basis points is attributed to tthey net relocation expenses, 40 basis points to tthey FSOF performance fees and tthey remaining 100 basis points to tthey higtheyr comp ratio. You may have noticed that our second quarter adjusted EPU was $0.02 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU, while our adjusted operating income was $4 million lower than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir is due primarily to tthey exclusion of tthey following two items from our adjusted results, which are not part of our core business operations. First, we excluded $3 million in acquisition expenses related to Autonomous Research. Second, we deconsolidated certain seed investments in our adjusted results that we had consolidated for GAAP reporting. Consolidating ttheyse investments increased operating income by $7 million, but did not affect net income or EPU. Tthey second quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.5% about as expected. Finally, our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation continues to proceed according to plan. We currently anticipate that tthey largest reduction in EPU during tthey transition period could be approximately $0.08 in 2019, which is $0.01 higtheyr than our previous estimate. However, we still expect to achieve breakeven or possibly a slight increase in EPU by 2021. In addition, all ottheyr components or our guidance remain unchanged and are currently estimated within tthey range as previously reported for transition costs expected savings over tthey transition period and tthey ongoing annual cost savings once tthey transition period is completed in 2024. And with that Seth Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question ttheir morning comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Alex Blostein Great thanks hi good morning everybody first question just maybe start with tthey dynamic around fee rates in tthey quarter you guys are seeing significant traction on flows on ttheyse are higtheyr free flows but tthey base fee felt a little bit light I am not sure wtheyttheyr just tthey average in dynamic something else going on so may be flush that out for us a little bit more and as you think on go forward basis given a mix of business and of course you guys are seeing how should we think about tthey blended fee rate over tthey coming quarters? John Weisenseel Alex it’s John tthey fee rate for tthey quarter was actually 41.4 basis points which was up 0.2 basis points from tthey first quarter and I think it was essentially almost flat versus tthey prior year so I think we are very pleased as its hung in tthey way it has been with strength of in tthey retail sector particularly tthey high yield instruments and strategies and tthey continued strength in tthey active equities is really what’s keeping it eittheyr flat or slightly higtheyr I think you know longer term wtheyn we think out for tthey rest of ttheir year I would expect to remain somewhat around tthey level as currently at and as we look forward into future years as we continue to build out our alternatives platform those are higtheyr fee rate products I think we are positioned to see potential increases going forward in future years. Alex Blostein Got it thanks for that and I guess on tthey business side of things clearly significant turn around in fixed income flows for you guys over tthey last couple of quarters ttheir quarter in particular can you talk a little bit sustainability of that I know Asia ex-Japan could be fairly lumpy so as you think about tthey macro conditions today and tthey kind of tthey appetite on tthey ground for consistency of ttheyse flows going forward I guess how should we think about that over tthey near term thanks? John Weisenseel I think you are right it is that fixed income business is exposed to Asia and well that is a very positive story over tthey long haul it does tend to have ups and down for tthey time being we continue to see that momentum and we will just have to see how that plays that over time. I think tthey ottheyr thing though that is interesting is that we have had some nice results in both tthey U.S. with AB income and Europe with things like European income all of which are quite positive. Alex Blostein Great. Alright, thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Carrier from BAML. Please go atheyad. Mike Carrier Hi good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe first question just given tthey strength in diversification in tthey flow and ttheyn particularly you guys mentioned I think it was 52 products that were over $1 billion be at scale, how should we be thinking about tthey operating leverage and margins atheyad. John, I know you mentioned tthey comp ratio in tthey second half theyading a bit lower to that, that’s going to theylp. And ttheyn I know ttheir year has been Nashville cost, but even as we think beyond ttheir given tthey momentum that you are seeing and I think in tthey past you guys have said if tthey flows in revenue that we should expect some margin improvement over time? Seth Bernstein John? John Weisenseel Why don’t I start off and I think Jim may add some comments as well, but again regarding tthey margin targets we still are targeting 30% and we think we definitely believe it’s achievable. Ttheyre is a couple of theyadwinds currently that we have for example for ttheir year. So we are dealing with tthey real occasion to Nashville and that’s going to continue for couple of more years. We also are dealing with tthey performance fees wtheyre last year we had $195 million of performance fees, $130 million of ttheym were from tthey two funds that have been liquidated or in tthey process of being liquidated that I mentioned earlier. And ttheyn of course we have tthey sell side which is tthey revenues were down year-on-year I think in fact year-to-date excluding Autonomous, ttheyy are down about 15%. So we are dealing with ttheyse items in tthey short run and ttheyn of course we have tthey markets that were very much dependent upon as well. So ttheir all factors into obviously wtheyn we get to that 30%. We definitely believe we are going to get ttheyre just a question of wtheyn. Jim Gingrich I would just add that we have always talked about tthey operating leverage to tthey incremental margin in ttheir business being 45% to 50% and ttheyre is no reason that, that doesn’t continue on a go forward basis. Mike Carrier Okay, thanks. And maybe tthey second question just given tthey strength in tthey flows particularly on tthey active side and particularly in tthey retail relative to what we are seeing in tthey industry, what do you like attribute driving tthey strength given tthey industry backdrop and tthey performance in some of tthey products and also how did tthey fixed income stream is sensing that demand, but is it more a product differentiation, tthey distribution, is it some challenged competition out ttheyre, but just seeing that tthey magnitude is much different than what we are seeing across tthey industry? Seth Bernstein I think it is different. But Jim, why don’t you go? Jim Gingrich Go atheyad, Seth. Seth Bernstein I think it is different. Tthey performance that we have been generating I think is differentiated, but I also think it’s tthey relevance of tthey products that we have designed and have introduced that I think resonate with clients, particularly in equities wtheyre our focus and wtheyttheyr it’s large cap growth or a concentrate growth have been very well received and tthey audience has been broadening in both retail and in tthey institutional for that matter. So I think that’s been ttheyre. I also think that relative to some of our competitors, we are relatively under penetrated. So I think people are interested in seeing our products and are giving us a shot. And we have been delivering. So I don’t know, Jim, do you want to add something? Jim Gingrich I think you are right. I mean, we have – if I look at tthey quarters obviously strength that we saw in tthey Asia ex-Japan was a big contribution, but that said we were positive in retail in all geographies with particular strength in tthey U.S. and Japan in addition to Asia ex. So as you just said Seth, I think it is a pretty broad-based positive story that’s happening. Mike Carrier Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi. Please go atheyad. Bill Katz Okay, thank you. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. My calculations might be little quick, but as I look at your fee rate in tthey institutional bucket, it looks like it came down over 1 basis point sequentially, how much of that was due to maybe some particular strength in tthey first quarter and I guess I am surprised just given your commentary about what’s coming in tthey door versus what’s going out tthey door? That was for you to pickup rattheyr than what looks to be a pretty substantial sequential decline? John Weisenseel Bill, it’s John. We did move some fixed income mandates which would theylp bring that rate down somewhat. So, it’s really – it’s tthey mix of tthey business. Ttheyre is nothing specific really we can point to or nothing specifically that we are worried about ttheyre. In our ottheyr bucket, our fee rates actually have increased which is offsetting, which is seeing an institutional side in keeping tthey fee rate on tthey portfolio actually up 0.2 basis points sequentially. What’s going on ttheyre is just that as we build out tthey alternative platforms that’s in that ottheyr bucket ttheyre, those are higtheyr fee rate by products. Bill Katz So just to clarify, John, fixed income is accretive to your institutional bucket as it stands today versus equity and alternatives? John Weisenseel Well, it depends upon with which – again, which products we are losing and which we are gaining. Bill Katz Okay. Anottheyr question on tthey comp ratio just in terms of your guidance, let me make sure I am just apples-to-apples theyre, wtheyn you say your comp ratio are you including fringe and relocation charges in that and if so, can you bifurcate between those? John Weisenseel Yes, ttheyy are included. And as I mentioned, tthey part that will bifurcate is what I mentioned in tthey comments as far as tthey part that falls within tthey comp ratio. So I think I mentioned that in my prepared remarks. Bill Katz Okay. And ttheyn just one last one, I think I read in tthey supplement that part of your expense increase was continued payment on Autonomous. I may have missed it in prepared commentary did you quantify tthey size of that? If not, could you? John Weisenseel No. And we will, because ttheyre is also – in that bucket ttheyre is also ottheyr acquisitions, but we do mentioned in terms of tthey 10-Q in terms of tthey discount rate that’s being used to discount tthey payments. And so of course that will tthey rate that’s being used to accrete it. And tthey rate being used for that acquisition and again I don’t have it in front of me is in tthey Q, but it is higtheyr than some of tthey ottheyr acquisitions that was done. Bill Katz Okay, thank you. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. Hallie Elsner Alright. Well, thank you everyone for participating in today’s call. Feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. Great day.