AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Cowen 41st Jamesual Health Care Conference March 3, 2021 11:40 AM ET Company Participants Richard Gonzalez - Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Stewart - EVP, Commercial Operations Michael Severino - VC and President Robert Michael - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Steve Scala - Cowen & Company Steve Scala Good afternoon and welcome to tthey AbbVie portion of Cowen's 41st Jamesual Health Care Conference. Representing tthey company is Mike Severino, who's Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, who's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, who is Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. AbbVie has been a favorite of Cowen for several years, and it's quite simple. We don't think tthey company's growth prospects, new product portfolio and total return opportunity are reflected in tthey stock, and we feel ttheir is an opportunity for, you, investors who are participating in ttheir session. So, with that, ttheyre's lots of ground to cover in tthey next 30 minutes. Let's jump right in. Let's start with Humira. Perhaps you can just tell us what level of detailing is Humira receiving today, and is ttheyre any active efforts to switch patients from Humira to RINVOQ or SKYRIZI in tthey applicable indications? Richard Gonzalez Well, thanks, Steve. It's a pleasure to be theyre. I'll start with tthey answer to that question and Jeff and Rob may want to add in. So Humira means a very important product for us and it's a mainstay of ttheyrapy across a wide range of indications. We've made great progress with our immunology portfolio overall, obviously RINVOQ and SKYRIZI are performing very well in ttheyir lead indications. Ttheyre are on market indications of RA and psoriasis respectively, and are also progressing very rapidly and generating very strong data across tthey new areas in which we register ttheym both in tthey rtheyumatology space, in tthey dermatology space and in tthey IBD segments, tthey gastro segment. So overall, our portfolio is performing very strongly. If you look at tthey promotion effort, as I said, Humira remains an important product and is a mainstay across a wide range of disease states. And ttheyre is still considerable promotional effort in areas wtheyre RINVOQ and SKYRIZI are not yet approved. What you see is as tthey new indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI come online, we shift attention to those molecules, and we feel that that's appropriate. Wtheyn one looks at tthey data that we've generated, ttheyse molecules are generally superior to Humira and to tthey ottheyr alternatives in tthey indications that we've studied. And we feel like tthey shift in promotional focus reflects that overall benefit that will be delivered to tthey patients. With respect to switching, we don't try to actively switch well-controlled patients because we don't believe that that would be medically appropriate. But each of ttheyse agents has raised tthey bar on standard of care. Ttheyy provide superior outcomes, greater depth of response, better long-term control in many agents. And so we think with that new standard being set, it will over time accelerate, move to what we view as a new standard of care. So we would never actively switch well-controlled patients, but we do think ttheyre'll be a natural migration to ttheyse agents based on tthey benefit/risk profile and tthey value that ttheyy deliver to patients. Jeff, you may want to comment more on tthey detail. Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I think Mike, just to add to your comments, and maybe I'll use an example. Wtheyn we looked at tthey SKYRIZI data relative to tthey HUMIRA data or even ottheyr standards, we knew that our primary representation would be for SKYRIZI. It just was a superior product, and we had tthey direct theyad-to-theyad data. So how we executed that was that in tthey psoriasis segment, SKYRIZI is tthey primary detail. And in fact, we did no longer highlighted Humira. So that was tthey decision we made based on tthey profile. Now it's important to know that tthey dermatologists can still prescribe Humira, and it was one of tthey standards over time. So now wtheyn we look at our in-play share, we can see that we have SKYRIZI at 33% or 34%. Humira is still in tthey second, third, fourth position, far behind in tthey teens. But overall, almost 45% or 46% of all in-play patients are getting an AbbVie product. But SKYRIZI is tthey one that we auttheyntically represent as tthey choice for tthey psoriasis patients. I'll give anottheyr comment on how ttheir will play out practically with some color over time. In tthey dermatology space, again primary detailing is on SKYRIZI for tthey reasons I highlighted. But we still actually promote Humira for anottheyr very important indication, and that's HS, which is a billion-dollar segment right now in dermatology, and we are tthey only approved indication ttheyre. So ttheyre's still effort around that orphan drug. And we will also ttheyn build dedicated sales teams, and we are doing that actively now for atopic dermatitis for RINVOQ. And so as we cycle through those big dermatology prescribers, ttheyy're getting a SKYRIZI message. Ttheyy're getting a Humira HS message and ttheyy will get a RINVOQ message as well. So that's how we've gone at tthey market. I think tthey principles that Mike Severino highlighted, which is, as we see efficacy that is raising tthey standard of care, we basically execute that commercially in tthey field with our customers. Richard Gonzalez And Steve, you'll see that come through in investment. If you go back to 2019, wtheyn we launctheyd both products and ttheyir lead indications, we fully funded tthey launch of both RINVOQ and SKYRIZI for those lead indications, but you didn't see us increase tthey overall company SG&A. So you saw that play out as we've shifted tthey investment from Humira to RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, but still obviously fully funding those launctheys, but doing it in a way wtheyre we can maintain tthey overall level of investment for tthey company. Steve Scala Got it. Got it. Let's peer atheyad to 2023. And we're well aware that a number of biosimilars for Humira will show up on tthey market and some may be substitutable, some not. Some might be citrate-free, some not. But what is your intelligence, market intelligence telling you about collectively, what is tthey total number of units those seven or eight players could satisfy? Is it 100% of tthey market? Is it 75%? Is it 50%? Do you have any intelligence relative to that point? Richard Gonzalez Sure. I mean so I think as we look at it, and we've talked about our strategy with Humira, if you look at just tthey strategy employed in tthey international markets and also tthey way we intend to approach tthey U.S., it's really around price, right? So I would say that to tthey extent as long as it's profitable, our intent is to maintain tthey volume. I can't speak to tthey capacity of tthey ottheyr biosimilar competitors, but what I can tell you is certainly factor that into our LRP. I mean tthey ottheyr thing to keep in mind for us as a company in terms of biologics capacity, obviously, SKYRIZI plays a role in that as well. So to tthey extent that ttheyre's any impact on manufacturing capacity from Humira, we have SKYRIZI. And ttheyn we've had a long theirtory to tthey extent we have excess capacity in our biologics manufacturing. We have sold that capacity externally through our contract manufacturing organization. So from an AbbVie perspective, we're not concerned about tthey impact on overall manufacturing capacity. Steve Scala Okay. One last question on Humira, and ttheyn we'll move to ottheyr topics, and that is tthey China opportunity. How big could ttheir be? Is ttheir - would you call a relatively modest opportunity? Or could it be substantially more than that? Robert Michael I think, Steve, it's relatively modest. I'll give you some color on ttheir. It certainly has improved recently. But in tthey big sctheyme of things, it's still relatively modest. So theyre's how we see it. So in China, ttheyre's no longer IP on Humira, and that's - it's gone. So we're starting to see biosimilars come in. Importantly, earlier in tthey year, we did receive reimbursement on tthey big national drug list. And we saw our sales significantly accelerate even through COVID. To give you some flavor, we were operating in tthey private market for China, which was about a $20 million opportunity. And we've seen tthey sales accelerate to - we forecast above $100 million. So in that sense, it's a significant acceleration. We also see at tthey very same time that Humira achieved tthey national drug reimbursement. And it was only for about 60% of tthey indications. We did not receive it for tthey big gastro indications. Several ottheyr local biosimilar players have also jumped in. So it is encouraging that we are going to be able to access tthey bigger public market in China. But we believe that tthey competition will be quite fierce as basically it rolls out through tthey different regions. So in that sense, I would say it's a relatively modest opportunity as we've lost tthey exclusivity ttheyre. On anottheyr note, though, we are encouraged, and Mike can ctheme in on ttheir as well. We are encouraged that what we're seeing on tthey innovative pipeline in China. We're seeing ttheym move much faster for approvals, which is very encouraging. For example, we've recently received tthey approval for Venclexta for acute leukemia. And that's coming even faster than Japan and in line with what we're seeing in some of tthey big European markets. And that's a substantial leukemia in tthey Chinese market. And we think that bodes very, very well as we expand our specialty business in China. I would also say that tthey affiliate and internally, we're very excited about RINVOQ, particularly around atopic dermatitis, which is over-expressed in China. Tthey price points appear to be quite good. And it's a large population. So again, those will start initially in tthey private market, but we anticipate some nice dynamics ttheyre with tthey pipeline that we've been discussing. Michael Severino And I would just add that obviously we have anaesttheytics business that's growing very nicely in China. It's tthey largest international market for aesttheytics. And we've put some additional investments to expand into tthey mid-tier city. So we're very excited about tthey aesttheytics opportunity in China. It's about today between $300 million to $400 million business in aesttheytics with significant growth potential. Steve Scala Okay, great. So let's move to some of tthey newer products and talk more globally. So let's start with SKYRIZI. Wtheyn your reps are out in tthey field today marketing SKYRIZI, what is ttheyir principal competitor? And what is that principal competitors detail against SKYRIZI? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I'll take that one. So SKYRIZI has been a stunning achievement, I think both scientifically and commercially. So again as we've highlighted before, we're collecting over a third of all dynamic patient starts. And we're actually seeing tthey dynamism shift furttheyr and furttheyr into frontline. So it's significant. It's more than double any individual competitor in that dynamic space. So SKYRIZI is doing very, very well. And it's tthey fastest launch across tthey global territories in terms of uptake in psoriasis, even during some COVID times in our international market. So it's doing quite well. What we highlight for tthey physician obviously is tthey incredible skin clearance, but not only that tthey durability of tthey clearance with very, very nice dosing, right? After tthey loading doses, it's every quarter. So ttheir idea of durable, simple and safe is tthey - really tthey global SKYRIZI marketing message and has led to ttheir fantastic performance. Tthey key competitors differ by territory, but specifically in many territories like tthey U.S. or Germany, we see that Cosentyx IL17 is a pretty big player, although we have again doubled tthey in-play share. In some cases, we see in Europe, it's tthey old IL 1223 Stelara. I think what's nice is that we're able to handle those competitors quite well because we have three theyad-to-theyad trials. We have a theyad-to-theyad trial against tthey old standard Humira. We have a theyad-to-theyad trial against Stelara. And we also have a theyad-to-theyad trial against Cosentyx, which as I mentioned, some of tthey bigger territories is one of tthey leaders that we have tthey market share battle with. And we have direct superiority versus all three. What do ttheyy say in some cases? Well, ttheyy - typically, I would say, tthey IL-17s often play off tthey fact that right now SKYRIZI does not have tthey psoriatic arthritis indication. So ttheyy have a skin and joint in actually what's a relatively small segment in dermatology. But that's how tthey competition plays out. And I would just reiterate, we feel that we're in a very solid competitive position theyre with SKYRIZI. Steve Scala And one product - competitive product that Wall Street pays a lot of attention to is tthey Bristol TYK 2 product that - for which we're getting data apparently at a dermatology conference next month. So what is your market intelligence telling you about tthey profile of that product? Jeffrey Stewart Wtheyn we look at tthey Phase IIb data for TYK2, because those are tthey data that are available to review in detail, we see an efficacy profile that we would describe as Humira-like. So it comes in tthey range of traditional biologics, if you will, but falls below that of tthey high efficacy agents, and certainly below a high-efficacy agent like SKYRIZI. And so wtheyn we look at how orals have performed, I think ttheyre is a clear place for orals for patients who are in that earlier phase of tthey treatment paradigm, may be more in tthey mild to moderate spectrum, or not yet being considered for a systemic ttheyrapy. And ttheyy've tended to be market expanding. So ttheyy haven't directly competed with SKYRIZI, and in fact ttheyy've been market expanding. That was clearly tthey impact that Otezla had. Now tthey challenge with Otezla is that tthey efficacy is substantially lower than what I just described for tthey ottheyr agents, lower than Humira, tthey biologics and lower than what's been reported for TYK2. And so many patients came off of that ttheyrapy. And so we would see TYK2 playing in a similar space. We think it will be market expanding and bringing more patients into systemic ttheyrapy. We think it will principally compete with Otezla and ottheyr agents that have efficacy in that range. We don't see it as a competitor to tthey high-efficacy agents. And we don't see it impeding our ability to continue to drive SKYRIZI growth, because we're really talking about a very different level of response, a very different depth of response and durability of response with that agent. Steve Scala Okay. Let's move to a similar group of questions for RINVOQ. So wtheyn tthey reps are out in tthey field, what is ttheyir primary competitor that ttheyy are up against? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Let me give some color on that one as well. So again, depending on tthey territory, our core claims and promotional approach for RINVOQ in RA is tthey level of efficacy on tthey joints and also remission on higtheyr levels of measurement. So for example instead of traditionally over tthey years an ACR 20 score, tthey reps highlight tthey ACR 50, tthey ACR 70. And it's quite striking. Ttheyy also are able to highlight tthey data in multiple failures that show tthey just incredible strength of tthey molecule itself. And ttheyn we have something very important, which was our select COMPARE study, which was a very, very robust theyad-to-theyad trial directly against Humira, which our same representatives have been talking about for years. And so we're able to uniquely - and Humira is tthey leading competitor in RA, our own product. So we're able to frame how we design tthey trials, how we're able to basically suggest that, look, ttheyre's now been a new standard, and ttheir is tthey first time ttheyre's really been a high-efficacy product in rtheyumatoid arthritis. In addition to that, we also see, particularly in tthey U.S., a significant competitor with Orencia or abatacept. And we've been able to also have a theyad-to-theyad trial against that agent. And so it's tthey first agent that's had two direct comparators with superiority. So ttheir is a very, very strong message that's based on tthey science. And our teams are very, very stable and strong in front of those rtheyumatologists. So we often ttheyn besides tthey Humira, we do are often asked for comparisons versus Xeljanz or ottheyr JAK inhibitors. We haven't had direct comparisons ttheyre. But wtheyn you look at tthey overall efficacy that we've built up, we can see in our data, our research, our market research that rtheyumatologists are basically reporting that RINVOQ is a different animal in ttheir case based on tthey data set. And I think Steve, tthey performance has backed that up. If we look at tthey launch trajectory across all of tthey major markets, we're seeing 2x to 3x tthey speed of ramp that tthey ottheyr JAK inhibitors have been able to attain. And so I think we've establittheyyd ourselves very well against tthey major competitors in rtheyumatoid arthritis so far. Steve Scala Let's move to one of tthey exciting drugs that's in tthey pipeline, and that is VRAYLAR. I assume that tthey two trials, MDD trials that we're waiting for, were designed prior to tthey acquisition of Allergan. Are ttheyre any features of those studies that AbbVie would have designed differently had you have tthey opportunity? Richard Gonzalez Well, you're correct that both of those studies were underway at tthey time of tthey acquisition. So ttheyy were designed by tthey Allergan group. And what I would say is tthey Allergan Group really dates back through tthey forest days and has a tremendous amount of experience in ttheir area in particular. And after tthey acquisition, we did a deep dive on tthey prior data, prior studies not only for VRAYLAR but for ottheyr molecules that have been in ttheir space, to understand features of study design that might impact tthey ability to reproduce, to have a positive study if one had tthey right agent. And we felt that those studies were very robustly designed, and that ttheyre was nothing that we would change. We had an opportunity to look in aggregate data in a blinded fashion at tthey patient characteristics, tthey performance of tthey inclusion/exclusion criteria, and also had a very favorable assessment that tthey study was designed well and was performing as expected. So we think ttheyy give VRAYLAR a very good opportunity to have at least one additional positive study, which is what would be required to gain tthey indication since we already have one positive pivotal study in hand. We think ttheir is a very attractive potential upside. It's not something we baked into our deal model or factored into tthey guidance that we've given around VRAYLAR, because of challenges with reproducibility in ttheir area. But we do think ttheyy're well-designed studies. We think VRAYLAR has tthey right pharmacology to have an impact theyre as very strong performance in bipolar depression, a different disease. But tthey brightening effect may be tthey link between performance ttheyre and ultimately tthey performance in MDD. So we look forward to those readouts, which will come in tthey back half of ttheir year. Steve Scala Okay. Great. Maybe we can move to migraine, anottheyr important area for AbbVie. So UBRELVY is obviously marketed for treatment, and Atogepant is under review for prevention. Can you talk about how you're commercializing ttheyse two agents, particularly given tthey fact that competitor drugs have both indications? How much of a limitation is that for you, given what tthey competition can offer? Richard Gonzalez Well, we don't view it as a limitation. We view it as a strength. If you look at tthey data that we've generated, both with UBRELVY and with Atogepant, ttheyy're very strong. And particularly in tthey prevention of episodic migraine, tthey Atogepant data exceeded our expectations based on Phase IIb, was very strong with respect to reduction in migraine days, had a very favorable benefit/risk profile, allows tthey opportunity for dose selection and ability to navigate drug-drug interactions and ottheyr challenges that often appear in ttheir patient population. And we feel like tthey ability to optimize dose selection, optimize tthey regimen for each of ttheyse two indications is actually a strength, it's not a limitation. And we feel very good about tthey profile that we've observed. Obviously, UBRELVY is performing well in tthey marketplace, and we think ttheyre's a very strong need for new mechanisms to treat migraines wtheyn ttheyy do occur. And we also think that ttheyre's a strong preference amongst many patients for an oral in tthey prevention space. And so we think that will favor Atogepant. And tthey last thing that I would add is we're tthey only company that will have a broad spectrum of potential offerings. With BOTOX for chronic migraine, Atogepant initially for tthey prevention of episodic migraine, but with a chronic migraine program well underway; and UBRELVY for tthey acute treatment, and we think that's a real strength in terms of our offering to patients and physicians. Steve Scala Great. Maybe we can move to Botox Cosmetic, and tthey company talked on tthey fourth quarter call about tthey V-shaped recovery. Can you just talk about why you think ttheyre was ttheir V-shaped recovery? It kind of maybe defies logic a bit, but it is obviously reality. So why do you think it happened? And how sustainable is it? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Thanks, Steve. So look, it exceeded our expectations. We've been very pleased with tthey strength of recovery and aesttheytics. And I'd point to a few things. One, tthey consumer base theyre is very motivated. We saw a lot of pent-up demand, and that pent-up demand was consumed very rapidly in tthey summer of last year, given how motivated consumer base is. At tthey same time, we have a very motivated set of providers. Many of ttheyse are small businesses who obviously count on ttheir to survive. And ttheyy quickly adapted to tthey safety protocols that were necessary to reopen. And so we saw a very, I'd say, very effective reopening at tthey provider level. And I give our aesttheytics team a lot of credit. Ttheyy have very strong relationships in tthey field. Ttheyy support tthey providers through that process. And ttheyn I'd say tthey third factor is really our ability to understand how promotionally sensitive ttheir market is. And I'd say as a company, AbbVie, we've been very effective at understanding tthey ability to drive that type of investment and tthey necessary ROI. And as we've put more investment behind tthey business, you've seen us now both for Botox Cosmetic and Juvederm run DTC concurrently. We've seen a very nice return, which is ultimately why we took up our long-term guidance. If you recall at tthey time of tthey deal, we talked about mid-single digit long-term growth for aesttheytics. Now we're talking about high single-digit growth for that business. And it's really driven by tthey ability to drive that investment and get a solid return. So I'd say those are all tthey factors I would point to in terms of tthey recovery, ultimately our long-term confidence in that business. Steve Scala Okay. Maybe we can move to anottheyr big product for AbbVie, but growth is a little bit more sluggish, and that's Maviret. So what is going on in tthey theyp C market? And is it always going to be kind of flattish? Or do you see inflections one way or tthey ottheyr? Michael Severino Yes. I mean Maviret, Steve, has been one of tthey brands that has been hit by tthey COVID dynamic. And so early on in COVID, we saw a 40% or 50% decrease in new patient starts. And some of ttheir, depending on tthey territory was because you've had physicians that were pulled into tthey hospital systems to deal with COVID. Or it just wasn't as urgent over ttheir time period. Now across tthey globe, we started to see tthey new patient start to recover, but it's still below sort of tthey run rate that we saw prior to COVID. However, over that time period, and it's important that AbbVie has consistently been gaining market share, so ttheir is important as we try to consolidate that share leadership, and we are tthey global share leader in terms of those new patient starts. So we're still in a COVID dynamic, but if I look into tthey crystal ball, we would anticipate that those people have untreated liver disease, and ttheyy are going to start to cycle back into tthey big gastro offices, tthey theyp offices and tthey ID offices in tthey second part of tthey year. So we are anticipating a recovery of that market wtheyre we would participate at a higtheyr share level. So that's how we see things shaping up with Maviret. It remains a very important part of our story, and we're clearly tthey global leader ttheyre. Steve Scala Okay. We only have a few more minutes. Let's try to fit in a few more questions. So Restasis, what is your competitive intelligence telling you about tthey status of generics? Michael Severino Well, that's been a challenging area to predict. I mean I think what we can clearly say is that generics have not come forward in tthey time frame that ttheyy would have been expected. So ttheyre is something that is being asked of tthey generics providers that ttheyy've not yet been able to produce. But we can't tell you exactly what it is. Ttheyre's no public information, and we don't have any competitive intelligence that would tell us specifically what it is. We're monitoring tthey situation closely. What we've assumed for our model is that ttheyre won't be generic competition for tthey first half of ttheir year, and that's what we built in. But we're going to have to continue to monitor and see how ttheir situation develops. Steve Scala Okay. AbbVie has an exciting product in development, ABBV 154 Prior to that, it was tthey 3373, tthey difference being tthey linker technology. What exactly about tthey linker has been changed in 154? Michael Severino So those are related programs. Ttheyre are TNF steroid conjugates in tthey immune space, and ttheyy represent a new class of agents. 3373 was tthey initial molecule, and that was tthey molecule that we conducted our proof-of-concept studies with and read those out in tthey first half of last year; and based on those results, advanced tthey platform. We have moved tthey 154 into tthey lead based on linker technology, as you described. And what I would say is tthey difference is relatively minor. Tthey performance of tthey linker with respect to clinical performance, PK performance, is tthey same, and ttheyre are no expected differences. Tthey real difference is have to do with tthey ability to formulate at high concentration, which will be important as tthey product moves forward and ease of manufacturability. So you should think of tthey clinical data as transferable. And that's tthey way we view it, with tthey real advantages being in tthey areas that I described, high formulation concentrations that are necessary for effective delivery in tthey marketplace and ease of manufacturing. Steve Scala Okay, maybe two more questions. AbbVie has always had a pipeline footprint, at least in CF. What - can you give us an update on what is going on now with your CF products in development? Michael Severino Certainly. If you look at our CF candidates, we have had for a number of years, strong potentiator choices as well as a C1 that we feel is best-in-class. And what has been missing from a triple combination, and I think tthey field broadly accepts and we certainly have tthey point of view that a triple combination is what is needed, was a C2 corrector, so mechanistically distinct corrector. That's why we restructured tthey Galapagos partnership to take direct control over that ctheymistry effort. And over tthey last 18 months, two years, we put a very focused, very dedicated ctheymistry effort, to come up with C2 correctors that we believe can be best in class and can support a best-in-class triple combination. We now have those in hand. We're in tthey clinic with more advance on tthey two. And we are now moving forward with tthey Phase II development that will be necessary to determine wtheyttheyr we do in fact have that best-in-category triple combination. We'll have Phase II doublet work with tthey potentiator and tthey C1. And at tthey same time, we'll be advancing monottheyrapy studies for safety and tolerability in PK with tthey C2 with tthey ability to merge tthey three into a triple wtheyre we'll have proof-of-concept data right around tthey end of tthey year, at least in-house. We'll have those data by tthey end of tthey year. That will be with a single high dose of tthey C2 to tell us wtheyttheyr we have that efficacy profile we are looking for. And if we do, ttheyn we'd be able to continue to development. Ttheyre'll be some additional dose-ranging to make sure that we optimize tthey dose of tthey C 2. And ttheyn that would be tthey last step that's required before moving to full late-stage development. So that proof-of-concept readout that will come in right around tthey end of tthey year is what will tell us wtheyttheyr we have that opportunity to go after a best in category triple. I think it's a good disease area for us that fits our talents well. We're good at optimizing small molecules against difficult-to-drug targets. I think ttheyre's a need for anottheyr triple combination, particularly a very high-efficacy combination. That's something that we factored into our models because ttheyy're still Phase I programs. But if we can capture that upside, I think it represents a very attractive opportunity. Steve Scala We are out of time, but allow me to ask one more question, Mike, and I'll put it to you. What is tthey one thing that you feel investors don't quite get about tthey AbbVie story, and you wish ttheyy had a deeper understanding and appreciation for it? Michael Severino I think if ttheyre's one thing I would point to, it's tthey quality of tthey pipeline. If you look at what we've done with tthey late-stage pipeline, which is now our newly launctheyd, unmarketed product suite, it's performed very well. It's generating a large amount of revenue, growing robustly not only in tthey immunology space but also in tthey theym/onc space, with potential to expand into new indications that are still I think underappreciated in terms of tthey revenue potential. Entirely new disease areas, like atopic derm, which is outside of tthey HUMIRA revenue footprint and represents a very nice footprint. Very strong data in inflammatory valve diseases that can be game-changing for that indication, wtheyre it's difficult to keep patients in long-term control. And at tthey same time, we focused on reloading our pipeline, bringing new molecules that are post proof-of-concept into late-stage development, and in some cases mid-stage development as well. So 951 in Parkinson's disease, navitoclax in myelofibrosis, epcoritamab in diffuse large based cell lymphoma. Tthey CD47 antibody, which is a target that's very attractive and an IO mechanism that can complement many of tthey things that we've done, just to name a few. So I think tthey quality of that pipeline is one thing that I would point to that folks have not completely understood yet. Steve Scala Great. Mike, Rob, Jeff, I want to thank you for your time. Ttheir has been a fascinating overview in a relatively short period of time. And we look forward to watching future developments of AbbVie and tthey success that will come along with it. So thank you so much, and enjoy tthey rest of tthey day. Robert Michael Thank you, Steve. Jeffrey Stewart Thank you, Steve. Michael Severino Thanks, Steve. Question-and-Answer Session Q -