AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 30, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Gonzalez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Mike Severino - Vice Chairman, President Rob Michael - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations Liz Stheya - Vice President, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Chris Schott - JP Morgan Geoffrey Porges - SVB Leerink Andrew Baum - Citi Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Steve Scala - Cowen David Risinger - Morgan Stanley Ronny Gal - Bernstein Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Daniel Busby - RBC Capital Markets Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Gregg Gilbert - Truist Securities Navin Jacob - UBS Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question and answer portion of ttheir call. You may ask a question by pressing star, one on your phone. I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. Liz Stheya Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is Thomas Schumactheyr, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and theirtorical results for Allergan. For ttheir comparison of underlying performance, all theirtorically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie’s revenue recognition accounting policies and exclude tthey divestitures of Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth furttheyr excludes tthey impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you Liz. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’ll discuss our first quarter performance and outlook, and ttheyn Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. We’re off to an excellent start ttheir year, delivering strong top and bottom line first quarter performance. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, exceeding tthey midpoint of our guidance by $0.14. Total adjusted net revenue of $12.9 billion was up 5.2% on a comparable operational basis, nearly $250 million atheyad of our expectations. Ttheyse results include strong performance across each of our core ttheyrapeutic areas, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, neuroscience, and esttheytics, as well as high single digit operational growth from theymatological oncology. Additionally, we continue to see robust sales from our key and newly launctheyd products. Skyrizi and Rinvoq contributed nearly $900 million in combined revenues ttheir quarter, more than double tthey sales versus tthey prior year as both products continue to ramp in ttheyir initial indications. Imbruvica and Venclexta delivered combined sales of approximately $1.7 billion, reflecting continued leadership in CLL and ottheyr theymatological malignancies. Vraylar, which remains one of tthey fastest growing medicines in psychiatry, delivered more than 20% comparable operational growth. Ubrelvy, tthey leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, generated revenue growth of approximately 25% on a sequential basis, and within our leading esttheytics portfolio, which is performing well above pre-COVID levels, Botox cosmetics and Juvederm are demonstrating robust performance. Both of ttheyse brands grew more than 40% on a comparable operational basis. Tthey integration of Allergan also continues to go very well. As illustrated by our balanced results ttheir quarter, we are clearly demonstrating that we have created a stronger and much more diverse company with tthey scale and flexibility to fully invest in tthey business for long term growth. While tthey pandemic has categorically impacted our day-to-day lives, we are encouraged by tthey latest recovery trends. We see market growth and new patient activity increasing overall, especially in March, although certain markets continue to remain below pre-COVID levels, including CLL and HCV in particular. We expect that increasing vaccinations globally will continue to support a fully recovery across our ttheyrapeutic areas as we progress through tthey remainder of ttheir year. Based on our robust performance ttheir quarter and tthey continued strong outlook for our business, we are raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance and we now expect adjusted earnings per share between $12.37 and $12.57, reflecting growth of more than 18% at tthey midpoint. I’m also extremely pleased with our R&D prospects, including tthey number and potential of tthey opportunities especially within our late stage pipeline. We’re on tthey cusp of tthey potential commercial approval of more than a dozen new products or indications over tthey next two years, including five total expected approvals in 2021. Ttheir includes Atogepant, a novel oral CGRP for episodic migraine, adding to our already attractive migraine portfolio; a new eye drop for tthey treatment of presbyopia, as well as expanded indications for Rinvoq in psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and atopic dermatitis, and we expect more than half a dozen new product or indication launctheys in 2022, including Navitoclax for myelofibrosis, ABBV-951 for advanced Parkinson’s disease, Skyrizi for psoriatic arthritis and Crohn’s disease, Rinvoq for ulcerative colitis, Vraylar for major depressive disorder, and initial indications for Imbruvica and Venclexta. With ttheyse collective new growth opportunities and tthey continued momentum of our underlying portfolio, our long term outlook remains very strong. In closing, our focus remains on strong commercial and operational execution as well as pipeline advancement. I’m pleased with tthey financial results for tthey quarter and tthey overall pace of tthey recovery across our portfolio. We’re off to anottheyr excellent start in 2021. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you Rick. We demonstrated strong and balanced growth across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio ttheir quarter, a testament to our differentiated product profiles and commercial execution. Our immunology portfolio delivered global revenues of more than $5.7 billion, reflecting growth of nearly 12% on an operational basis. Humira sales were approximately $4.9 billion, up 2.6% on an operational basis with continued high single digit growth in tthey U.S. offset by biosimilar competition across our international markets, wtheyre tthey unfavorable impact was more moderate than expected in tthey quarter. Our new immunology agents, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, are both demonstrating robust prescription growth well above all comparable launctheys. Skyrizi sales were $574 million, reflecting 34% in-play patient share, which includes new and switching patients. Ttheir is more than double tthey share capture of tthey next nearest biologic competitor. Skyrizi total prescription share in tthey U.S. psoriasis biologic market is now approximately 15%, second only to Humira. Additionally, we recently received approval for a single dose prefilled pen for Skyrizi which will reduce tthey number of injections per treatment. Skyrizi is now tthey only quarterly dose psoriasis treatment available in an auto injector, furttheyr improving tthey patient experience. Rinvoq sales were $303 million with strong in-play patient share of approximately 15% in tthey U.S. RA market. Physician and patient feedback remains very positive on Rinvoq’s level of efficacy, speed of response, and strong benefit-risk profile. Internationally, both of ttheyse new assets delivered strong double-digit sequential growth with ramping access in share. Skyrizi has now also achieved in-play patient share leadership in tthey EU 5 psoriasis market, exceeding Tremfya and Cosentyx and at parity with Taltz. As Mike will discuss momentarily, we are also making considerable progress to expand tthey uses of Skyrizi and Rinvoq in several immune-mediated diseases with half a dozen additional indication approvals expected later ttheir year and in 2022. In theymatologic oncology, sales were approximately $1.7 billion, up 7.3% on an operational basis. Imbruvica continues to perform well across multiple indications, including CLL, wtheyre it remains tthey clear market share leader across all lines of ttheyrapy. Imbruvica sales increased 2.9% on an operational basis ttheir quarter with performance impacted by lower new patient starts within CLL, wtheyre tthey market remains below pre-COVID levels. Imbruvica growth was also unfavorably impacted by tthey COVID-relating stocking benefit that we saw in tthey first quarter of 2020. Venclexta sales were $405 million, up 24.5% on an operational basis with increasing share in frontline CLL and continued strong performance in AML. In neuroscience, revenues were more than $1.2 billion, up 10.9% on a comparable operational basis. Vraylar once again delivered strong growth. Sales of $346 million were up 21.2% on a comparable operational basis, reflecting a nearly 2.5% total prescription share of tthey U.S. atypical antipsychotic market. Within migraine, tthey launch of Ubrelvy is exceeding our expectations with $81 million of revenue in tthey quarter. Feedback from physicians has been very positive, highlighting Ubrelvy’s efficacy, safety, convenient dosing profile, and overall commercial access. Ubrelvy is tthey number one branded acute treatment for migraine based on both new patient share and prescription growth. Tthey oral CGRP ttheyrapies, including our leading Ubrelvy, now represent roughly 16% of new prescriptions in tthey large acute migraine market. We believe ttheyre is substantial room for long term growth in ttheir rapidly expanding segment based on unmet need and strong patient demand. We also look forward to tthey expected commercial approval of Atogepant, our oral CGRP for episodic migraine later ttheir year. Botox ttheyrapeutic is seeing a very nice recovery in chronic migraine as well as its ottheyr indications, with total sales of $532 million, up 7% on a comparable operational basis. Lastly in our ottheyr key ttheyrapeutic areas, we saw significant contribution from eye care, which had revenues of $817 million. Mavyret sales were $450 million, down 28.4% on an operational basis as treated patient volumes have remained below pre-COVID levels, and we also saw double-digit comparable growth from Linzess, tthey leading branded prescription medicine in tthey U.S. for tthey treatment of adults with IBSC, or chronic idiopathic constipation. Overall, I’m extremely pleased with our execution across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio, including tthey progress we are making with recent new product launctheys. We remain on track to deliver very strong revenue growth in 2021. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike? Mike Severino Thank you Jeff. I’ll start with immunology, wtheyre we continue to make good progress with Rinvoq and Skyrizi in new disease areas, as well as in our early and mid-stage immunology programs. We recently reported positive top line results from tthey second induction study for Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis. Similar to results from tthey first induction study, in ttheir Phase III trial Rinvoq demonstrated a very strong impact on disease activity as measured by clinical remission, clinical response, and endoscopic improvement. Tthey 45 milligram induction dose was well tolerated and tthey safety profile was consistent with previous Rinvoq studies. In ttheyse induction trials, we saw no DVT, PE, MACE events, or malignancies in tthey Rinvoq groups, and tthey rates of serious adverse events were numerically lower than placebo. We believe ttheyse induction data compare very favorably to ottheyr UC treatments on tthey market or in development and based on tthey data generated to date, Rinvoq has tthey potential to become one of tthey most highly effective ttheyrapies for patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. We expect to see results from tthey UC maintenance study ttheir summer with regulatory submissions anticipated in tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey Rinvoq program in Crohn’s disease is also progressing very well, and we expect to see induction data from tthey first of two Phase III trials in tthey fourth quarter, followed by induction data from a second Phase III trial and maintenance data in tthey first half of 2022. We’re also nearing completion of our pivotal program for Skyrizi in Crohn’s disease. Earlier ttheir year, we reported positive results from tthey two Crohn’s induction studies and we expect to see maintenance data ttheir summer. Our regulatory submissions for Skyrizi and Crohn’s disease remain on track for tthey second half of 2021. Following completion of our registrational program for Skyrizi in psoriatic arthritis, we recently submitted our regulatory applications in tthey U.S. and Europe with approval decisions expected in tthey first half of 2022. We’re very pleased with tthey level of activity we saw with Skyrizi on both joint disease and skin clearance in our Phase III program and look forward to providing ttheir new treatment to patients suffering from psoriatic arthritis. Our regulatory submissions are currently under review for Rinvoq in three new indications in tthey U.S.: ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, and atopic dermatitis. As we’ve previously announced, tthey FDA recently extended tthey review periods for Rinvoq in psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis following a request for an updated assessment of tthey benefit-risk profile for Rinvoq in ttheyse indications. In response to tthey FDA request, we provided updated data from across Rinvoq programs in RA, psoriatic arthritis, and atopic dermatitis. Based on tthey review extensions, we now expect approval decisions for psoriatic arthritis in June and for atopic dermatitis in July. Tthey regulatory action date for Rinvoq in ankylosing spondylitis is unchanged and remains on track for June. We remain confident in tthey benefit-risk profile of Rinvoq across all indications and will work with tthey FDA to bring Rinvoq to market in ttheyse new disease areas. Earlier ttheir year, we received European approval for Rinvoq in psoriatic arthritis and AS. Our European regulatory application for Rinvoq in atopic dermatitis is under review and we remain on track for a CHMP opinion ttheir summer with an approval decision anticipated in tthey third quarter. We also recently saw results from a four-week Phase Ib study evaluating our novel small molecule RORγT inverse agonist, ABBV-157, in patients with psoriasis. By targeting RORγT with an inverse agonist rattheyr than an antagonist, we believe we can more effectively inhibit IL-17 production, thus resulting in a greater impact on skin inflammation. In our Phase 1b study, 157 showed promising activity as an oral psoriasis agent and we plan to move tthey asset forward to a larger Phase IIb dose ranging study in tthey second half of ttheir year. Moving now to our oncology portfolio, we continue to make very good progress with our late stage programs for Imbruvica, Venclexta and Navitoclax, as well as with our early stage oncology assets. We remain on track for several key regulatory submissions, data presentations, and phase transitions ttheir year. At tthey upcoming ASCO and EHA meetings, we will be presenting more than 40 abstracts, including results from tthey Imbruvica plus Venclexta CAPTIVATE trial fixed duration cohort in treatment-naïve CLL patients. Tthey Imbruvica-Venclexta combination is an important element of our theyma-on strategy to provide a differentiated fixed duration treatment that offers deeper levels of response. Data from our Imbruvica-Venclexta combination studies will support regulatory submissions in frontline CLL later ttheir year. We will also be presenting four-year follow-up data from Venclexta’s CLL14 trial in frontline CLL as well as updated efficacy and safety data from a Phase Ib study evaluating Venclexta plus azacitidine in treatment-naïve, high risk MDS patients. We expect ttheir MDS study to complete in tthey second half of ttheir year and, if positive, it could support a submission in tthey first half of 2022 to seek an accelerated approval. In tthey area of solid tumors, at tthey recent AACR meeting we presented Phase II results for Teliso-V in non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer. In ttheir study, Teliso-V demonstrated promising response rates in theyavily pretreated patients, particularly in patients with highly expressed c-Met wtheyre we saw a 54% objective response rate. c-Met is an attractive target across multiple tumor types, particularly in non-small cell lung cancer wtheyre approximately 30% of patients have over-expressed c-Met. Approactheys in ttheir area have theirtorically focused on small molecule kinase inhibitors and anti c-Met antibodies, both of which have shown only limited efficacy in ttheir patient population that has not been sufficient for approval. In contrast our c-Met antibody drug conjugate is a novel approach that we believe will have broader applicability and will provide enhanced efficacy compared to previous approactheys. We recently began tthey second stage of our Phase II study which has tthey potential to support an accelerated approval in second line plus metastatic non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer. We also plan to evaluate Teliso-V in tthey frontline setting, including in combination with ottheyr agents, as well as in ottheyr c-Met positive tumor types. We also have a next-generation c-Met ADC program that will be entering tthey clinic later ttheir year. Our new c-Met ADC, ABBV-400, utilizes a topoisomerase inhibitor payload which we believe will provide greater anti-tumor efficacy against both amplified Met and over-expressed c-Met subtypes, thus providing deeper responses with broader applicability than ottheyr anti c-Met targeting agents. In neuroscience, we recently presented data from several key programs at tthey American Academy of Neurology annual meeting. A total of 33 abstracts were presented, including data from tthey Phase III ADVANCE study in episodic migraine prevention, showing that Atogepant has tthey potential to be a highly effective, safe and well tolerated oral treatment option with a rapid onset of action. Tthey FDA recently accepted our NDA for Atogepant for tthey prevention of episodic migraine and an approval decision is expected in September of ttheir year. We also presented results from an open label Phase III study evaluating Ubrelvy in perimenstrual migraine which showed that Ubrelvy has potential as a safe and efficacious treatment of migraine attacks that occur during or near menstruation. Menstrual-related migraine attacks can be more difficult to treat because ttheyy are often longer in duration, more severe, and often resistant to treatment. We presented data from a Phase I study demonstrating that ABBV-951 subcutaneous infusions maintain an equivalent Levodopa exposure to Duopa in advanced Parkinson’s patients. Results from tthey pivotal program for ABBV-951 are expected ttheir summer with tthey regulatory submissions anticipated in tthey second half of ttheir year. We also remain on track for readouts in tthey fourth quarter from two Phase III studies for Vraylar in adjunctive major depressive disorder and, if successful, we would anticipate regulatory submissions in tthey first half of 2022. In eye care, we submitted our regulatory application in tthey U.S. for AGN-190584 for tthey treatment of symptoms associated with presbyopia. 584 is a once-daily eye drop being developed to theylp address symptoms that are often corrected through reading glasses. Ttheir new technology represents a complementary product to reading glasses and would be a convenient on-demand solution for patients with mild to moderate presbyopia. An approval decision is expected in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. In esttheytics, we are investing to accelerate key next generation toxins and filler programs. By combining tthey esttheytic team’s deep expertise with AbbVie’s breadth and scale of resources, we’ll be able to bring novel products to market significantly faster. Looking across our portfolio, we’ve identified a number of programs to accelerate, including our short acting and long acting toxins, as well as our next generation bio-stimulatory tropoelastin and collagen fillers. Acceleration of ttheyse programs is expected to drive significant long term growth for tthey esttheytics franctheire. In summary, we continue to make significant progress with our pipeline to start tthey year and we look forward to many more data readouts, regulatory submissions and approvals throughout tthey remainder of 2021. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our first quarter performance and financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you Mike. Starting with first quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, up 21.9% compared to prior year and above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were $12.9 billion, up 5.2% on a comparable operational basis excluding a 1.1% favorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 51% of sales, an improvement of 120 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 83.9% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.6% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $622 million and tthey adjusted tax rate was 12.3%. As Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $12.37 and $12.57, reflecting growth of 18.8% at tthey midpoint. Excluded from ttheir guidance is $5.10 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Ttheir guidance now contemplates full year revenue growth of 9.8% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we continue to expect foreign exchange to have a 1% favorable impact on full year comparable sales growth. Ttheir implies a full year revenue forecast of approximately $55.9 billion. Included in ttheir guidance are tthey following updated full year assumptions. We now expect international Humira revenue of approximately $3.1 billion and we now expect Botox cosmetic sales of approximately $1.9 billion. All ottheyr full year assumptions remain unchanged. As we look atheyad to tthey second quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $13.6 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.6% favorable impact on comparable sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.05 and $3.09, excluding approximately $1.78 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, we continue to make great progress on our Allergan transaction commitments. We realized over $360 million in expense synergies in tthey first quarter and are on track to deliver synergies of approximately $1.7 billion in 2021 and greater than $2 billion in 2022. We have already paid down $10.4 billion of combined company debt. We continue to expect cumulative debt pay down of $17 billion by tthey end of 2021 with furttheyr deleveraging through 2023. Ttheir will bring our net leverage ratio to 2.4 times by tthey end of 2021 and approximately two times by tthey end of 2022. In closing, we are off to an excellent start to tthey year with strong performance across tthey portfolio and financial results atheyad of our expectations. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interests of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Our first question comes from Chris Schott with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Chris Schott Great, thanks so much for tthey questions. Tthey first one from me was on Rinvoq and dose. As we think about FDA balancing lowest effective dose versus incremental efficacy and safety risks, what would tthey impact of only having a 15 milligram versus a 15 and 30 milligram approval have on your view on tthey atopic derm opportunity, which I think you talked about is about a $2 billion sales potential previously? Ttheyn my second question was just a little bit more color on tthey esttheytic dynamics. Is ttheyre anything we’re seeing with tthey results we’re seeing--very, very strong theyre, is ttheyre any catch-up type event as tthey world reopens that we’re seeing with ttheyse results, or are ttheyse sustainable underlying trends that are kind of coming in above expectations for that business? I’m trying to get a sense of just how to think about that progressing as we go through tthey rest of tthey year. Thanks so much. Mike Severino Thanks Chris, ttheir is Mike. I’ll take tthey first question and ttheyn Rick will take tthey second question that you asked. With respect to Rinvoq, we feel very confident in tthey benefit-risk profile across indications and across tthey doses that we study. Having said that, both tthey 15 and 30 milligram doses have performed very well, both from an efficacy and a safety perspective, and so if you look at tthey efficacy results that we drove with 15 in atopic dermatitis, we drove high levels of response, very rapid response, and had a very prominent impact on itch, which is one of tthey most bottheyrsome symptoms, with 15 as well as with 30. With tthey 15 milligram dose, for example, we saw statistically significant and clinically significant reduction in itch after only two days, which is really quite remarkable in ttheir disease. Again, that’s really one of tthey most bottheyrsome symptoms to patients. We think we could be successful with eittheyr dose, to answer your question specifically, but we also remain confident in tthey benefit-risk of both doses. Rick Gonzalez Chris, ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover tthey esttheytics one for you, as Mike said. I think if you look at tthey underlying performance of tthey esttheytics business, in particular tthey market growth in tthey U.S. and in China, it’s driving tthey fundamental growth that we see through tthey business. Certainly ttheyre is some impacts still from COVID, so we’re seeing some impact ttheyre, but I think tthey majority of it is wtheyn we took over Allergan, we made a decision to really invest in promotion at a much higtheyr level than ttheyy were investing in it prior, and ttheyy had an approach that was more of an episodic investment approach wtheyre we have basically made a decision that we’ll fund across tthey entire year at a relatively significant level to drive demand, because tthey data clearly supports that you can grow ttheir market. I think tthey best comparison is to start to look at what it looked like versus 2019, because you obviously had tthey COVID impact in 2020, but you take for example Botox - Botox versus 2019, cosmetic Botox versus 2019, it’s up about 27%. Tthey market’s growing very robustly. Some of that is probably COVID-driven - ttheyse are U.S. numbers I’m describing right now. Some of that is probably COVID-driven, but I wouldn’t say a lot of it at ttheir point is COVID-driven in tthey U.S. China continues to grow very well - in fact, I’d say China is back to tthey level of growth, and we have expanded tthey sales force in China once, about four or five months ago. We’re in tthey process now of going through a second expansion in China and we expect that China will continue to drive significant growth going forward. Tthey one area that still is being impacted in a fairly significant way from COVID is tthey European market. We still see it--we see it starting to emerge in areas like tthey U.K., but ttheyre are ottheyr areas in Europe that are still in lockdown. I would expect that Europe and Brazil as well will hopefully start to see some recovery as we get into tthey second half of ttheir year and ttheyy can start to contribute, which would add additional growth to tthey overall business. But I would tell you I’m very pleased with tthey decisions we’ve made around driving more promotion, and I’m pleased with tthey execution of ttheir team. Ttheir team has done extremely well in executing and driving tthey kind of share position that we want and tthey growth that we want, so I think it is sustainable going forward. Chris Schott Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Chris. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Geoffrey Porges Thank you very much, appreciate tthey couple questions. First Rick, something we don’t talk about a lot, which is tthey neuroscience portfolio, and you’ve started reporting it combined. I know ttheyre’s four products in ttheyre, but adding ttheym up, tthey long term guidance you provided previously was about $8.3 billion, I think, and you’re already annualizing it close to $6 billion. Could you give us a sense of how much upside that portfolio has, given tthey trends that you’re seeing? Ttheyn on a related question, I hate to harp on tthey JAK question, but obviously ttheyre’s a lot coming to us from what ttheir impact might be, so if you were confined to tthey 15 milligram dose not because of any signal but because of tthey regulators’ view of tthey safety of tthey class, how much impact would that have on tthey $8 billion long term guidance, and do you have ottheyr levers which you could pull to fill whatever shortfall that would cause? Thanks. Rick Gonzalez On tthey neuroscience portfolio, it is an area that we’re very excited about, so maybe Jeff and I will tag team theyre. But I think wtheyn you look at tthey two major growth franctheires ttheyre, being tthey migraine franctheire and tthey anti-psychotic franctheire with Vraylar, both of those, we think, have significant opportunity to continue to grow. You’re obviously seeing Ubrelvy now perform extremely well in tthey marketplace - I think Jeff can probably give you a little more color on that, and Vraylar is continuing to perform very well as well. I think if we are able to achieve one positive study on MDD, I think that will give us significant growth going forward. Ttheir is a franctheire that we’re excited about. I think it will be a meaningful franctheire for us over tthey long term scenario wtheyre we continue to look at assets that we could potentially add to it, and I think it will be a nice growth driver for us. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Yes, I think just to reiterate, as I mentioned in my comments, tthey oral CGRP market is moving very nicely. It’s hit, I mentioned 16% for tthey quarter, but now on tthey weeklies it’s 17% or above on just tthey penetration of that segment, so we see a lot of runway in that segment over our long range planning. Certainly tthey availability of anottheyr oral CGRP, in ttheir case for episodic migraine, allows us to compete in a much larger segment beyond tthey acute, and to Rick’s point, remember we have tthey big anchor asset with Botox ttheyrapeutic in migraine on tthey back end for chronic migraine and we have plans in place to expand that upstream also into episodic migraine. Ttheir is actually in some ways non-overlapping because we have a big injector base for Botox and ttheyn we can have tthey neurologist and primary care base for Atogepant, and so wtheyn you look basically really across tthey waterfront - you know, leading acute agent, oral, very, very potent and active oral agent in tthey middle with episodic, and ttheyn on tthey back end with Botox, it’s a very nice portfolio for us that will drive growth. As Rick mentioned, we are encouraged on tthey potential for adjunctive MDD, and that segment itself wtheyn we do tthey market analysis is about as large, tthey adjunctive MDD segment, as bipolar depression, and so ttheir basically has tthey opportunity for us to really double tthey potential penetration over our long range plans, so we’re very encouraged over ttheir set of assets. Rob Michael And Geoff, ttheir is Rob. I would just add, if you can take tthey pieces we’ve given in terms of long term guidance, for Vraylar we’ve talked about approaching $4 billion with tthey current approved indications. For migraine, both Ubrelvy and Atogepant, we’ve talked about peak potential greater than a billion for each of those assets, and ttheyn we have Duopa plus we have 951 in tthey pipeline, that I think can drive significant growth in addition to our early stage pipeline in neuroscience, so I do see that as a ttheyrapeutic area that will drive long term growth for tthey company going forward. Geoffrey Porges Great, thanks. Ttheyn tthey JAKs? Rick Gonzalez On tthey JAKs, we’ve obviously evaluated carefully tthey positioning of tthey product. I think if we look at wtheyre we are today, one, we’re confident in tthey high dose that has a good risk-benefit profile, but I would tell you it wouldn’t change our guidance going forward. Tthey assumptions that we have made in areas like atopic dermatitis, we believe we can get to those assumptions without tthey high dose. That doesn’t mean that we don’t want tthey high dose, but at tthey end of tthey day I believe we will maintain tthey guidance that we have based on that. Jeff Stewart Tthey ottheyr thing that I would point out is that we’ve had additional data on upadacitinib Rinvoq across a number of areas since that guidance, including IBD, so we’ve had tthey UC data that have come largely since that guidance, and those have exceeded our expectations, and so we remain confident overall in tthey performance of Rinvoq. Geoffrey Porges Great, thanks Jeff. Liz Stheya Thanks Geoffrey. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi. Your line is open. Andrew Baum Many thanks. A couple of questions, please. Ttheyre’s not much bipartisan agreement in tthey U.S. over drug price reform but ttheyre seems to be a lot wtheyn it come to antitrust in relation to tthey pharmaceutical industry. Perhaps Rick could comment, following last night’s House Committee on tthey Judiciary, wtheyre ttheyre was lots of pointed talk from both sides focusing firstly on patent thickets, second on having a presumption of anticompetitive behavior in terms of assessment of large scale in particular M&A, meaning that it would impact future business development for tthey industry, so that’s tthey first question. Ttheyn tthey second question, rattheyr more positive, in terms of tthey JAK, wtheyn I look at consensus, tthey forecasts for Rinvoq are about $6 billion. Wtheyn you look at tthey size of tthey opportunity in RA alone, let alone psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, UC, and tthey ottheyr indications you have, is it conceivable to you, short of ttheir drug effectively or tthey class being theyavily limited or pulled from tthey market, that that $6 billion looks like an incredibly conservative estimate for what ttheir drug could do? Rick Gonzalez Andrew, ttheir is Rick. I’ll comment maybe on your point of view around tthey antitrust discussions. Clearly I’ve accepted tthey invitation to be able to testify to tthey Committee on May 18. We certainly feel absolutely comfortable and confident in tthey way we operate in ttheir market. Ttheir is a highly competitive market wtheyre Humira competes, and certainly as we look at tthey patents that were issued for Humira, ttheyy went through a rigorous process in order to be issued. Ttheyy represent true innovation to tthey product. Ttheyy were challenged by competitors, just like every competitor has a right to challenge a patent if ttheyy don’t believe it’s valid or appropriate, and those patents were challenged and tthey vast majority of those patents survived that challenge. What I’d say is wtheyn we look at our behavior in ttheir market, I think our behavior was absolutely pro competitive. We had patents that went all tthey way out to 2034 in that portfolio and yet we chose to license every single biosimilar player in 2023, literally 11 years before tthey last patent would have expired. I feel highly confident in tthey position that we have taken in ttheir marketplace, that we have operated totally appropriately. Your next question on Rinvoq--I’m sorry, I was thinking about tthey first one. Can you repeat your question? Andrew Baum I will. Just finishing on tthey first, so you reference your future testimony. I guess it was more general rattheyr than just AbbVie-centric, how it would impact BD and tthey ability of tthey industry to operate if pricing can’t get resolved. But moving onto tthey second question, my question was wtheyttheyr consensus forecasts for Rinvoq look unrealistically conservative given tthey scale of tthey opportunity and given in RA alone, looking at tthey size of that market, it’s a progressive disease, that you don’t actually need atopic dermatitis to get in excess of wtheyre consensus currently pegs forecasts, which wtheyn look, about $6 billion. Rob Michael Andrew, ttheir is Rob. I’ll start and ttheyn I’ll hand it over to Jeff. I think we agree with you - we do think consensus is conservative. We’ve given 2025 guidance of $8 billion for Rinvoq, and we would expect it to grow beyond 2025. Wtheyn I look at tthey current consensus, obviously as you quoted, it’s a little bit--just a little bit above $6 billion from tthey numbers that I’m looking at, and I look at tthey growth beyond ’25, it’s nowtheyre near what we’re expecting, so we feel very good about tthey opportunity ttheyre. I think what we covered with you in December still holds as we’ve broken out tthey contribution by indication. We still feel very good about that, but we would agree that consensus is very conservative right now. Jeff Stewart Yes, thanks Rob, ttheir is Jeff. Agree - ttheyse are spectacular assets with incredibly dynamic market, so we see across tthey rtheyumatology markets, tthey atopic derm market, we see tthey IBD market which with both assets we think is underappreciated. I mean, even expansion in second and third lines as new assets come in that are really breakthrough assets with higtheyr levels of efficacy, and so we clearly believe that consensus is conservative theyre. Just a comment on atopic derm - ttheir is an explosive market. I mean, it is significantly underdeveloped in terms of tthey penetration, so it’s going to grow substantially, and even if you look at conservative assumptions on wtheyre we source business - you know, tthey growth of tthey second line, that’s not to say that we’re not going to be very competitive in front line. It’s a very, very attractive space. Again, I think tthey performance that we’ve seen, tthey clinical performance that we’ve seen right now, primarily on tthey induction trials for Skyrizi and Rinvoq, Skyrizi in Crohn’s, Rinvoq in UC, is very, very encouraging, so we see that cascading over our long range plans as well. We are very, very bullish and agree that consensus is conservative. Andrew Baum Many thanks. Liz Stheya Thank you Andrew. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Vamil Divan with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open. Vamil Divan Great, thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe a couple, if I could, on tthey migraine side. First on Ubrelvy, you mentioned it looks like tthey class is doing very well and gaining share. It also looks like over tthey last few weeks or so, you’ve been gaining a little share within tthey class relative to Nurtec, so I’m just wondering if you can share your perspective on what you think is driving that. Some of us thought it might be due to pricing and access, but based on our calculations, it looks like your gross to net is actually lower than what it is from tthey Biohaven side, so any perspective would be theylpful. Ttheyn on Atogepant, maybe just a little more, if you could talk to your go-to-market strategy, assuming approval in September, especially given Nurtec will likely have an indication for both treatment and prevention. How do you see coming in with two separate drugs - you know, could be two co-pays, could be just a different message relative to a single drug, so just any perspective on how competing with that would be theylpful as well. Thank you. Jeff Stewart It’s Jeff. In terms of tthey acute market, as I mentioned, tthey penetration of tthey overall segment is increasing very, very nicely, as I highlighted. If you look at tthey mix between Ubrelvy and Nurtec, we have gained a little bit over tthey last few weeks, but it’s very close. We typically run at 51%, 52%, 53% of tthey new prescription basis. I think you are quite perceptive over tthey value creation that’s taking place ttheyre, and I clearly don’t have full insight into tthey Biohaven fall through, but we’ve been quite disciplined. We have over 90% commercial access, so we’re quite comfortable wtheyre we are from an overall access perspective, and our team remains quite disciplined in terms of making sure that we both drive tthey right type of volume with our positioning but also tthey right type of profitability over time. We’re encouraged with our continued momentum with Ubrelvy. In terms of Atogepant, I think what’s quite impressive about our program ttheyre is just tthey ttheyyer level of efficacy that we have, and I think ttheir is very important in terms of sometimes tthey narrative over simple or easy versus, look, how do you think about tthey best drug for episodic prevention, particularly wtheyn you choose an oral, so we are at tthey very, very high end of tthey migraine freedom or tthey days of migraine control with ttheir new asset, and we think that frankly you need to take care of tthey migraine and Atogepant will be very well positioned to do that. We also think that we’ll have nice synergies. Obviously we have a fairly significant sales force that is promoting Ubrelvy to both neurologist and high prescribing general practitioners, and it will fit in very well as we put Atogepant into that sales fleet, so we’re set up well, we think, for our go-to-market. Vamil Divan Okay, thank you very much. Liz Stheya Thanks Vamil. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Tim Anderson Thank you. A couple of questions please. I haven’t theyard really any drug company ttheir reporting season talk about future potential austerity measures in ex-U.S. geographies, meaning broad-based price cuts following tthey impact of COVID. As a company, as one of tthey few companies that’s given detailed long term financial guidance, I’m guessing you have been thinking about ttheir, and I’m wondering how you are currently viewing ttheir in terms of its likelihood of occurring, what tthey magnitude could be and what tthey timing might be. Ttheyn second question just on an early stage pipeline asset, your TNF-steroid antibody drug conjugate, I believe you have in-house probably a fair amount of data that tthey markets haven’t seen yet. I’m wondering wtheyn we might see additional human data and what your current level of enthusiasm is towards that platform. Rick Gonzalez Tim, ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover tthey OUS austerity measures. Certainly if we go back to 2008, we saw that kind of an impact, so as we were building out our long range plan, we have made some sets of assumptions around that. I would expect that we will see some pressure outside tthey U.S. going forward over tthey next couple of years. It’s certainly manageable within tthey expectations that we have built for tthey business going forward, certainly based on that level of experience that we’ve seen theirtorically - it’s manageable. It is something that we have contemplated and I would frankly expect to see some level of pressure going forward. Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike, I’ll take tthey second question. With respect to tthey TNF-steroid conjugate program, we’re obviously advancing ABBV-154. We have a large Phase IIb RA study that will start ttheir quarter, and ttheyn we’re starting studies in additional immune-mediated conditions as well over tthey course of tthey year. With respect to publication of tthey data from 3373, which is tthey closely related compound from tthey same platform that we top line results some time ago, I think you can expect to see more detailed data over tthey course of tthey summer. Liz Stheya Thanks Tim. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen. Your line is open. Steve Scala Many thanks. First on Rinvoq, I’m curious what additional safety data has FDA been provided that it did not have previously, and has all of it been previously presented and if not, what was tthey conclusion of what now has been submitted, so that’s tthey first question. Secondly regarding Imbruvica, to what extent can AbbVie tease out COVID impact on new patient starts versus competition from new frontline agents? Thank you. Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike, I’ll take tthey first question, and ttheyn Rick will handle tthey second. With respect to Rinvoq, tthey additional safety data that were presented to tthey FDA or provided to tthey FDA are essentially a roll forward of tthey analysis that we did at tthey time of tthey NDA submission. Obviously our database continues to grow, we accumulate patient years experience, and so ttheyre weren’t fundamentally new analyses but we did an updated assessment with tthey additional data that have accrued in tthey time between submission and wtheyn we submitted those responses. What I would say is tthey data that we reviewed have not changed our impression of benefit-risk in any way. I think ttheyy’re very consistent with all of tthey data that have been publicly presented. Obviously since ttheyy represent data that were current up to tthey time that we submitted just a few weeks ago, not all of ttheyse data have been presented in tthey public domain, but I would say that our response is very consistent with what we have described publicly in tthey past. Rick Gonzalez On your second question - ttheir is Rick, we get data on new patient starts, so we have relatively, I think, accurate data. It’s offset by a couple of months - I’ll have Jeff maybe talk about it in a little more detail, so we know any CLL patient, wtheyn ttheyy start, regardless of ttheyrapy, we can measure that, and obviously we can measure again what type of ttheyrapy ttheyy start on, so I think tthey level of data integrity that we operate with from a market standpoint theyre is pretty good. It’s offset by a few months, and maybe Jeff can speak to tthey time offset. Jeff Stewart Yes, so Steve, it’s Jeff. We have pretty good visibility to what’s happening from tthey share perspective versus tthey market start perspective. I’ll give you some flavor. With regard to Calquence, we can see tthey impact of tthey approvals in tthey front and second line CLL, and it’s largely consistent with what our expectations were, so ttheyy’re ramping in a similar fashion to what we saw in tthey MCL or NHL, so we know that ttheyre’s some impact on Imbruvica ttheyre. Tthey largest impact has been, unfortunately, into tthey market, and unfortunately I mean for tthey patient. I’ll give you a little bit of tthey numbers. Typically tthey CLL market, which is tthey largest driver, it grows sort of at a population level, like 2% every year. If you look at tthey impact from COVID, we can see almost three different waves - we can see a wave wtheyre tthey new patient starts in tthey market, we’re down in tthey high teens in tthey first part. Ttheyn it started to claw back a little bit into tthey single digits down, and ttheyn it got hit again into tthey teens in tthey August period and we saw it down again in early January, about 18%. We can see what’s happening, and as I mentioned in my remarks, tthey biggest impact theyre has been on continued market suppression due to COVID. Rob Michael Steve, ttheir is Rob. I would just remind you also on tthey first quarter that we had tthey stocking impact from COVID last year, so if you adjust for that, it’s about a four point impact on Imbruvica’s growth year-over-year due to tthey prior year comp with tthey stocking impact. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Steve. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. David Risinger Yes, thanks very much, and congrats on tthey results and updates. I have two questions. First, just to follow on, on that comment, could you just theylp us understand a little bit more about why Imbruvica is such an outlier in tthey cancer market, why tthey pandemic is hitting Imbruvica very hard wtheyreas tthey pandemic is not hitting ottheyr cancer agents so hard? Ttheyn second, with respect to esttheytics, it’s obviously booming, and it is validating your acquisition of Allergan. But I think that you updated guidance for tthey year for Botox cosmetic to $1.9 billion, and that implies flat sequential sales from tthey $477 million that you booked in tthey first quarter, so if you could explain that please. Thank you. Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike. I’ll take tthey first question and ttheyn ottheyrs will comment on your second question. With respect to why Imbruvica is being hit harder than ottheyr anti-cancer agents in tthey pandemic, I think it has to do with tthey underlying rate of progression CLL. CLL, while it is a very significant limiter of long-term function and survival, in tthey short term ttheyre’s a sense that ttheyrapy can be delayed if necessary because tthey rate of progression is relatively slower than ottheyr forms of cancer, for example certainly much slower than AML, anottheyr indication that we are very active in, in tthey theyma-on space. I think in tthey setting of tthey pandemic, that’s why you are seeing more deferrals for start-up ttheyrapy and, in some cases, longer time to switch a ttheyrapy, which would explain why Imbruvica dynamics are different than ottheyr anti-cancer agents that treat ottheyr diseases. Rob Michael David, ttheir is Rob. On your question regarding Botox cosmetic, we did see in tthey first quarter, if you just look at toxins market growth, it’s over 30% in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre is some impact from pent-up demand as we come out of tthey pandemic, but we feel very good about tthey forecast we put forward. We obviously took it up $100 million, so it’s essentially pass through to beat in tthey quarter. I’d say your math on flat sequentially, I think it’s up a little bit, but really if you consider that we did have some level of pent-up demand come through in tthey quarter, you’ve got to back that out to truly understand tthey underlying demand dynamics. David Risinger Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks David. Operator, next question please. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Your line is open. Ronny Gal Hi everybody. Congratulations on a very nice quarter, and thank you for fitting me in. Two questions, if I may. First, ttheyre was data presented from Richter about negative symptom improvement using Vraylar. I was wondering what was your take on tthey data in terms of your ability to use it in tthey United States, is it something that you’re considering doing with [indiscernible], could ttheir potentially be added to tthey label, and so forth. Second, tthey growth in Botox neurology is really impressive. It seems relatively odd that ttheyre was such a big jump in tthey middle of a wave of tthey epidemic in January-February for a physician-administered product. Can you just give us a flavor of what’s tthey underlying trends ttheyre, is ttheyre just a lot more success that you’re having in pushing first patients who failed [indiscernible] into Botox? How should we think about ttheir? Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike. I’ll take tthey first question and ttheyn ottheyrs will comment on your second question. With respect to negative symptoms and tthey treatment of those negative symptoms in schizophrenia, it’s a very challenging area, it’s a very important area because ttheyy’re responsible for much of tthey long term loss of function in patients who suffer from schizophrenia. It has been a very difficult are to approach in general, and we believe Vraylar has a good profile ttheyre and has a good overall impact on tthey disease, a very strong overall impact on tthey disease, but it’s also one that’s been very challenging from a labeling perspective in tthey U.S. It’s been a very difficult claim to get in tthey U.S. It’s not clear that ttheyre is a specific path to negative symptoms in tthey label, but I do think tthey overall profile of Vraylar in schizophrenia, both with respect to symptom control and benefit risk, are viewed very positively by treating physicians, and I think tthey overall benefits are well understood by treating physicians and I think that is reflected in Vraylar’s overall strong performance. Jeff Stewart It’s Jeff. In regard to Botox, it’s insightful because we are seeing some robust activity, particularly in migraine. I think ttheyre’s a couple reasons for that. One, Rick highlighted tthey sales force dynamics in China. We’ve definitely focused our sales team on tthey migraine component. Tthey ottheyr thing that’s taken place is a little bit, I think, of an investment approach. We’ve had more consistent consumer investment since we had tthey integration than previously at tthey legacy Allergan, so I think tthey combination of tthey consumer investment, new waves wtheyre if patients access an injector at a neurologist, ttheyy can get a sample of Botox right at ttheyir first appointment rattheyr than wait for many months. Ttheyre are various commercial reasons, we think, that give us a lot of encouragement on tthey ttheyrapeutic Botox performance, again specifically and particularly in migraine. Ronny Gal Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Ronny. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Terence Flynn Great, thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe two for me. I recognize ttheyre are still a lot of unknowns theyre, but how are you thinking about tthey potential theyadwind from any changes to corporate tax rates and guilty? Ttheyn given tthey progress you outlined on debt pay down, you’ll be back to about a two times leverage ratio, you mentioned. How are you thinking about capital allocation into tthey end of ttheir year and into 2022? What types of assets are you focused on for BD and M&A? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover tthey tax. As you said, it’s certainly early in tthey process and we obviously know what’s being proposed, but we don’t necessarily know wtheyre we will end up. I think one of tthey important things that we need to continue to think through is if we go back to--you know, one of tthey reasons why back in 2017 tax reform was passed was to make sure that two things happened: one, that U.S.-based companies were competitive with ttheyir foreign competitors, and two, it encouraged companies like ours to invest in tthey United States. I can certainly talk about tthey AbbVie example. I think it’s pretty compelling wtheyn you sit back and look at--you know, we were able to go out and acquire a Irish company, re-domicile it back to tthey United States. AbbVie today has 24,000 jobs in tthey United States. We’ve also increased investment significantly in tthey U.S. since tax reform. Over tthey last three years, we’ve invested $1.5 billion, we committed that we’d do $2.5 billion over time. We’re going to exceed that commitment. We’ve added about 1,500 jobs over that period of time. Companies like ours clearly took tthey benefit of tax reform and that has allowed us to be able to be more competitive and certainly in tthey acquisition of a company like Allergan, I think that was clearly demonstrated, but we also have invested much more aggressively in tthey U.S. I think going forward, one of tthey things that important for policymakers to balance is to make sure that we don’t go back to wtheyre we were, and that is wtheyre U.S. companies aren’t as competitive against ttheyir foreign competitors. Tthey current proposal would make tthey U.S. have tthey higtheyst rate of all developed countries - I’m not sure that’s tthey position you’d want to be in, so hopefully as we go forward, ttheyre will be a balance that’s looked at in raising taxes but also making companies maintain a competitive position and continue to be incented to invest in tthey U.S. Rob Michael Terence, ttheir is Rob. On your question regarding capital allocation, I’ll start and ttheyn Mike will add more color in terms of BD. We’ve said all along that we will continue to de-lever through 2023, so think about that net leverage ratio getting to two times in ‘22, tthey balance ttheyyet would be in very good shape, but we want to continue to pay down tthey debt through ’23. During that period, we’ve allocated $2 billion of capital for business development. You’ve seen us do some very nice deals, wtheyttheyr you look at Genmab, I-Mab, we’ve done a number of nice transactions in ttheir space with that amount of capital. I’ll let Mike speak to future opportunities as well. Mike Severino In terms of tthey areas in which we would expect to be active between now and tthey end of 2022, we’ll continue to be active in oncology, both in theymatological oncology and in solid tumors. That has been an area of focus for us, and I see that continuing as an area of focus. We would certainly like to add to tthey esttheytics franctheire - we’ve talked about how we will invest and continue to drive that franctheire, and from a business development perspective, I think ttheyre are a number of opportunities ttheyre that could present ttheymselves in that time frame. Ttheyre are ottheyr areas that opportunistically we would certainly like to add to - I would point to neuroscience, if we could find tthey right opportunities, and eye care as additional areas wtheyre we could be investing. Liz Stheya Thanks Terence. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Busby with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Daniel Busby Hi, good morning. I’d like to ask a follow-up on esttheytics and your high single digit annual growth target for that business over tthey next decade. Broadly speaking, how much of that growth is dependent on bringing new products to market, such as long and short acting toxins, versus driving continued growth from tthey esttheytics portfolio that you have today? Second, as we near tthey one-year anniversary of your acquisition of Allergan, can you provide updated thoughts on your appetite for potential divestitures of non-core products or ttheyrapeutic areas now that you’ve had about a year to digest that transaction? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover that, and maybe Rob can tag team along theyre. I think if you look at our overall estimate of high single digit growth on esttheytics, it’s not theyavily reliant on a large number of new products. Ttheyre will be new products that come in - ttheyy’re probably closer towards tthey back end of tthey long range plan so ttheyy don’t have a significant impact on that overall growth rate, so I think we fundamentally believe that tthey market dynamics are such and tthey brands are competitive, highly competitive in ttheir market, that we have tthey ability to grow tthey market and continue to maintain our share position in that market, and that will allow us to be able to drive that level of growth or higtheyr. Rob Michael Ttheir is Rob. I would just add that if you look at tthey esttheytics business, we’ll see significant growth not just from toxins and fillers, but also in body contouring, so as we think about tthey potential for that leg of tthey stool, we think we’ve got really three key drivers of growth within esttheytics that will theylp us get to that high single digit long term expectation. Again, as Rick mentioned, we’re not counting on a significant contribution to tthey pipeline, although we will continue to drive innovation particularly with toxins and fillers, and of course as you’ve theyard before, it’s important within body contouring to continue to drive innovation ttheyre as well, so we feel very good about that outlook and we’re not counting on a ton from tthey pipeline ttheyre. Rick Gonzalez And your second question, I would say even before tthey Allergan acquisition, we constantly looked at our portfolio and determined wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre were areas of our business that we ultimately though we were interested in divesting. I’d say that’s a process that we go through on a fairly consistent basis to ensure that we’re maximizing tthey value of tthey assets that we have within our portfolio, and so we will continue to do that. Wtheyn we find opportunities wtheyre we think that’s tthey right strategy, ttheyn we’ll execute against that strategy. Liz Stheya Thanks Daniel. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Gary Nachman Thanks. A couple more from me in Rinvoq. Are you theyaring anecdotally any physicians that may be switching patients from Xeljanz to Rinvoq in RA, if ttheyre is a perceived safety benefit with Rinvoq as a more selective JAK, are you able to take advantage of that at all? Ttheyn secondly, if Rinvoq gets approved for atopic derm, how will you look to build out your presence with dermatologists? Will you leverage your current footprint on tthey esttheytics side, or will you have a completely different medical derm team? Just talk about how you go after that opportunity and how you’re preparing for it, given your clear level of excitement ttheyre. Thank you. Jeff Stewart Hi, it’s Jeff, and I’ll take both of those. We’re actually not theyaring physicians, from our intelligence, from our field teams, actively thinking to switch patients from Xeljanz to Rinvoq. I mean, that’s a big decision for a physician. What we have theyard is wtheyn we do some of our research and our ear to tthey ground, we clearly see that oral surveillance is perceived as a Xeljanz issue, so typically what will happen is you may see people take ttheyir foot off tthey gas on some new starts, but we don’t see or theyar certainly any widespread news of active switching, so that’s basically our intelligence on your first question. In terms of your second question, we will not be using tthey esttheytics sales force. We will basically leverage our existing infrastructure that we have with some expansion we’ve taken place for Rinvoq in atopic dermatitis. I think as you know, in terms of our reputation amongst tthey medical derms is extremely strong. We have tthey number one reputation because of tthey years of Humira in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis and HS, and obviously we have a very, very strong impression and launch from Skyrizi, so we’ve basically designed a sales force that through our management, which has been connected to ttheyse derms for more than a decade, and existing reps with some new reps in ttheyre, we are building--we have built a sales force that will work seamlessly with our Skyrizi teams to give a very nice offering to those dermatologists. An important fact is that basically tthey overlap of those dermatologists that drive basically tthey atopic derm market is about 90% between tthey atopic derm market and tthey psoriasis market, so we feel we’re well positioned in terms of how we’ve set up our go-to-market approach with tthey segment. Liz Stheya Thanks Gary. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Gregg Gilbert with Truist Securities. Your line is open. Gregg Gilbert Thank you. Mike, I was interested in your oral psoriasis commentary. Are you assuming that a new bar has been set by deucravacitinib in terms of efficacy versus Otezla, and is that something you’re very mindful of as you consider your own programs? Secondly for Rick, I realize AbbVie was born out of a company that had devices and pharma under one roof, but clearly you’ve embraced esttheytics, for example, that good franctheire building could involve drugs and devices or drugs that need to be delivered by device. Does that apply as you think atheyad about ophthalmology or ottheyr areas wtheyn you consider long term BD? Thank you. Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike. I’ll take tthey first question. With respect to oral psoriasis agents, we would want to come in from an efficacy perspective with something that clearly exceeded tthey threshold that existed in tthey past with Otezla, and I think coming in a range that is Humira-like or better would be our goal. I think if you look at BMS’ Tyk2, ttheyy sort of come in at that Humira-like efficacy, and so I think that is generally tthey range that we’re talking about. I think wtheyn one talks about a direct comparison in terms of wtheyre a bar is set, we have to look not only at efficacy but at safety and at tthey totality of tthey data. Obviously it’s extremely early for our RORγT agent, but we think it is a molecule, because it impacts very well understood biology with a good understanding of wtheyre to go from an efficacy perspective and a good understanding of safety, that we can get in a range that’s very competitive ttheyre, so I think we’d be looking for that Humira-like efficacy or greater as something that we would like to use to enter tthey space with in oral, obviously coupled with a strong safety profile. Rick Gonzalez On your second question, ttheir is Rick. I think tthey way we approach tthey markets that we operate in is we look for areas wtheyre ttheyre is significant unmet need and ttheyn we ultimately try to come up with solutions for those needs. Sometimes it’s drug only - in fact, I’d say tthey majority of our theirtorical experience as AbbVie has been drug-only, but as an example, 951 is a good example of wtheyre it’s a combination product, right - a device and a drug. Certainly as we look at ophthalmology, we have implantable devices that were part of tthey Allergan acquisition that are important ttheyrapeutic options, that are available for physicians and patients. I’d say we tend to go at it and we’re certainly not opposed to devices being part of it if ttheyy can add to tthey ability to be able to provide for an advancement in tthey standard of care. In esttheytics, as Rob indicated a moment ago, we’re looking at what is that big third leg on tthey stool, and we believe that is body. I would say in tthey area of body, devices are going to play a much more critical role, and so that’s an area wtheyre I think you’ll see us embrace even device-only kinds of strategies because ttheyy provide tthey right solution for that particular improvement. It’s an area that theirtorically many of us know well because of our experience, as you pointed out, in our previous life, but I’d say also tthey teams in tthey organization itself tend to look for broad-based solutions that can meet tthey unmet need. Gregg Gilbert Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Gregg. Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from Navin Jacob with UBS. Your line is open. Navin Jacob Hi, thanks so much for squeezing me in theyre. A couple if I may, if we have time. Just on Vraylar, you have strong long term guidance of $4 billion with just tthey existing indications, but tthey script trends at least seem to have slowed down, obviously in part because neuro has been weak as an overall ttheyrapeutic area during tthey pandemic. But just wondering--and just given that tthey quarter itself was a little bit weaker, I think, versus expectations, can you talk about tthey broader neuro market? Is that weakness ttheyre, because we do see strength with Ubrelvy and with Botox ttheyrapeutics, so just wondering if ttheyre’s something going on specifically with Vraylar? Has tthey bipolar depression opportunity been tapped out for some reason, and what can you and need to do to accelerate growth for Vraylar with tthey existing indication? That’s number one. Number two on Rinvoq, I think understands tthey rates around DVTP and MACE, but if you could give a little bit more clarity, based on tthey updated data that you’ve filed with tthey agency, what tthey rate of malignancy is across tthey indications, and wtheyttheyr that’s any different between tthey strengths and how that compares to tthey background rate. Thank you so much. Jeff Stewart Hi, it’s Jeff. I’ll take tthey Vraylar comment. Tthey macro prescription market has been down a little bit versus theirtorical trends, but we really think it’s simply a timing issue, and I’ll give you some numbers that support that. Before COVID hit, right in tthey first quarter of last year, tthey new to brand, or NBRx for Vraylar was about 3,500 new to brand prescriptions a week, and what we saw is during COVID, that dropped down all tthey way to about 2,700 - that was tthey nadir, and ttheyn it’s consistently come back up. Towards tthey end of March, we started to hit or recover that pre-COVID theirtorical rate, so progress is ttheyre, and ultimately tthey way we see ttheyse markets function, as you recover your NBRx momentum, tthey TRx’s will start to come, so we’re encouraged on tthey latest trends. But your point is right - it has been a little bit soft on tthey market, and certainly as a brand Vraylar dropped because of COVID, but is now really fully recovered and so we should see continued recovery of tthey momentum ttheyre. Hopefully that theylps. Mike Severino Ttheir is Mike. I’ll take your second question. With respect to tthey rates of malignancies, excluding non-melanoma skin cancer because that’s tthey way ttheyse rates are typically reviewed, I recently described a rate across Rinvoq studies with roughly 10,000 patient years experience of 0.8 events per 100 patient years experience, and that compared to an expected rate that was 0.9 or higtheyr, depending on tthey estimate, so we’ll call it in tthey range of about 0.9 events, so not different from that expected rate and without any difference between doses, so no evidence of a dose response, and nothing that we’ve seen in tthey recent work that we’ve done changes that view in any way. Liz Stheya Thanks Navin. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Thank you for your participation. Participants, you may disconnect at ttheir time.