AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Vice President of Investor Relations Rick Gonzalez - Chairman of tthey Board & Chief Executive Officer Rob Michael - President & Chief Operating Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Carrie Strom - Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan Aesttheytics Tom Hudson - Senior Vice President, R&D & Chief Scientific Officer Scott Reents - Executive Vice President & Chief Financer Roopal Thakkar - Senior Vice President, Development & Regulatory Affairs & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Vamil Divan - Guggentheyim Securities Chris Schott - JPMorgan Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Evan Seigerman - BMO Chris Raymond - Piper Sandler Steve Scala - TD Cowen Carter Gould - Barclays David Risinger - Leerink Partners Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Operator Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President and Chief Financer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan aesttheytics; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is Roopal Thakkar, Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Medical Officer. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie's business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website.  Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rick.  Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2023 is an important year for AbbVie as we experience Humira biosimilar competition in tthey U.S. market, and as we execute our long-term diversification growth strategy. Now roughly seven months into tthey year, I'm extremely pleased with tthey progress that we're making against ttheyse objectives. Tthey U.S. Humira biosimilar impact is playing out as projected and slightly better than our planning assumptions. We are competing very effectively with tthey various biosimilar offerings. We have exceeded our guidance in burst in second quarters with tthey overachievement predominantly driven by our growth platform, tthey base portfolio, excluding Humira which, as you know, is tthey critical driver in our rapid return to growth in 2025 and beyond. To that point, ttheir platform demonstrated operational revenue growth of nearly 8% ttheir quarter with growth expected to furttheyr accelerate in tthey second half of ttheir year. We are also once again raising our full year revenue guidance by $1 billion, which is on top of tthey $400 million sales increase we delivered in tthey first quarter for a total overachievement of $1.4 billion. And lastly, we are making good progress with our pipeline, across all stages of development, including recent strong data for Skyrizi in ulcerative colitis as well as tthey recent U.S. approvals for Rinvoq in Crohn's disease and Epkinly in relapsed or refractory DLBCL, both important new ttheyrapies for patients. So in summary, I'm extremely pleased with tthey strong momentum and execution across tthey business. It reinforces our confidence in our ability to return to robust growth in 2025 with high single-digit compounded growth rate to tthey end of tthey decade. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our business performance. Rob?  Rob Michael Thank you, Rick. AbbVie delivered excellent results once again ttheir quarter. We are demonstrating strong execution across our business with each of our five key ttheyrapeutic areas beating expectations. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.91, which is $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. Total net revenues were nearly $13.9 billion, more than $350 million atheyad of our guidance with tthey vast majority of tthey beat coming from our ex Humira growth platform. In immunology, Skyrizi and Rinvoq are demonstrating impressive growth with sales for both ttheyrapies up more than 50% versus tthey prior year. Ttheyse two agents have achieved differentiated clinical profiles, including theyad-to-theyad data versus Humira and ottheyr novel ttheyrapies. Skyrizi and Rinvoq are now collectively approved across 10 large indications, and we are forecasting combined revenue growth of more than $3.5 billion ttheir year. With ongoing programs in several additional disease areas, we expect both Skyrizi and Rinvoq to deliver robust growth into tthey next decade and significantly exceed Humira peak revenue. U.S. Humira is also performing well. Tthey first half erosion coming in better than our expectations due to volume. We have been carefully analyzing tthey biosimilar marketplace, wtheyre tthey total number of competitors has now expanded to 8. While many of ttheyse biosimilars have been added to payer formularies, Humira continues to maintain strong parity access. Based on tthey volume trends and parity access, we now anticipate U.S. Humira erosion of approximately 35%, an improvement of two points versus our original guidance. Neuroscience is anottheyr area that is outperforming expectations. Based on tthey current run rate, ttheir portfolio is now on pace to add more than $1 billion of incremental revenue ttheir year. with continued strong growth from Vraylar as well as our leading migraine portfolio. In aesttheytics, tthey outlook continues to improve. We delivered positive growth ttheir quarter, driven by strong international performance and stabilizing trends in tthey U.S. Ttheyse positive trends give us tthey confidence to once again raise our full year guidance for aesttheytics. And as a clear market leader, we are focused on expanding tthey aesttheytics category with increased commercial investment and continued innovation to support robust long-term growth. Given tthey strong and balanced performance across our diverse portfolio, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.23 and now expect adjusted earnings per share between $10.90 and $11.10. In closing, our operational execution has been outstanding, and we are very well positioned to deliver on our commitments in 2023 and beyond. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff?  Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rob. I'll start with immunology, which delivered total revenues of $6.8 billion, exceeding our expectations. Skyrizi continues to perform exceptionally well. Global sales were approximately $1.9 billion, reflecting very strong operational growth of 51%. Our performance in psoriasis continues to be impressive. Total prescription share in tthey U.S. biologic market is now at 32%, double tthey share of tthey next closest biologic ttheyrapy. Wtheyn you consider that Skyrizi is capturing roughly one out of two every in-play patient, which are eittheyr new to ttheyrapy or switching, ttheyre remains substantial opportunity for continued robust sales growth. And based on tthey available clinical data we are seeing from emerging competitive ttheyrapies in psoriasis, including orals, we feel very confident in Skyrizi's long-term potential with robust sales growth expected through tthey early part of tthey next decade. We are also seeing very nice prescription growth in psoriatic arthritis, especially in tthey U.S. dermatology segment wtheyre Skyrizi is approaching tthey leading new patient biologic market share. Skyrizi's momentum across psoriatic disease is very solid globally as well with total in-play share leadership in nearly 30 key countries. Turning now to IBD, wtheyre Skyrizi has demonstrated a very compelling clinical profile, including strong endoscopic data paired with convenient dosing. Uptake in Crohn's disease has been rapid, with total in-play patient share of approximately 25% in tthey U.S., roughly at parity leadership with Stelara. Ttheir uptake is very encouraging for Skyrizi's potential in ulcerative colitis, wtheyre we recently reported positive maintenance data with approval and commercialization anticipated next year. Given tthey momentum we are seeing across all of tthey approved indications, we will be raising our full year sales outlook for Skyrizi. Moving now to Rinvoq which delivered global sales of $918 million, reflecting operational growth of nearly 57%. A key element of Rinvoq's success is its strong differentiation. It is now approved across seven distinct indications, including four in rtheyumatology, two in IBD as well as atopic dermatitis. It's tthey only potent daily oral medication with compelling theyad-to-theyad data against multiple novel ttheyrapies, including superiority to Humira in RA and Dupixent in AD. It's tthey only JAK inhibitor now approved to treat both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. And we have establittheyyd strong and broad commercial access for each of tthey core diseases with formulary coverage for Crohn's expected to ramp quickly over tthey next months. As it pertains to Rinvoq's book performance, we are seeing increasing prescriptions across each of tthey room indications globally, furttheyr market share momentum in atopic dermatitis, including now high-teens in-play patient share in tthey U.S. and robust uptake in IBD, wtheyre Rinvoq has demonstrated strong rates of remission and endoscopic improvement. Rinvoq is now capturing roughly one out of every four in-play ulcerative colitis patients in tthey second line plus setting. And tthey early data for Crohn's, which launctheyd just in May, also shows a very strong ramp in new patient starts. We remained well positioned for continued momentum in ttheir new indication as tthey only jack inhibitor approved to treat Crohn's disease.  Ttheir level of performance, along with tthey development of ongoing projects across several ottheyr diseases, such as giant cell arteritis and systemic lupus in rtheyumatology and multiple additional derm indications, reinforces tthey long-term potential for Rinvoq with strong sales growth expected through tthey early part of tthey next decade. Global Humira sales were $4 billion, down 24.8% on an operational basis due to biosimilar competition. Erosion in tthey U.S. remains slightly better than our expectations due to volume with tthey vast majority of tthey impact ttheir quarter driven by price. Turning now to theymatologic oncology, wtheyre total revenues were approaching $1.5 billion. Imbruvica global revenues were $907 million, down 20.8%, consistent with our expectations. Venclexta global sales were $571 million, up 15% on an operational basis with strong demand for both CLL and AML, and we are particularly pleased with tthey international performance theyre, following continued reimbursement progress in tthey EU and inclusion in China's national reimbursement list.  We also recently received tthey U.S. approval for Epkinly in third line plus DLBCL furttheyr expanding our on-market portfolio in theym onc. Early prescription trends have been encouraging, with a more robust opportunity expected as we progress development in earlier lines of ttheyrapy. We also anticipate approval and commercialization in Europe and Japan later ttheir year. In neuroscience, revenues were nearly $1.9 billion, up 14.2% on an operational basis. Vraylar continues to exceed our expectations. Sales of $658 million were up 33.9% on an operational basis with increasing momentum across all indications following tthey MDD approval late last year. Within migraine, we remain tthey clear market leader with unique treatment options for both acute and chronic conditions.  Our oral CGRP portfolio contributed $292 million in combined sales ttheir quarter reflecting growth of more than 30% as we continue to see strong prescription demand for both Ubrelvy and Qulipta. Lastly, total Botox Ttheyrapeutic sales were $748 million, up 11.3% on an operational basis, reflecting nice momentum in chronic migraine as well as ottheyr approved indications. Ttheir franctheire continues to outperform our expectations, and we will be raising our full year guidance for tthey collective neuroscience portfolio. So overall, I'm extremely pleased with tthey performance and execution across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio with growth expected to accelerate through tthey second half of tthey year. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Carrie for additional comments on aesttheytics. Carrie?  Carrie Strom Thank you, Jeff. Second quarter global aesttheytics sales were approximately $1.4 billion up 2.9% on an operational basis with strong performance from our international portfolio offsetting tthey economic impact in tthey U.S. U.S. aesttheytic sales were $829 million, down 6.2%. Our U.S. portfolio continues to perform well from a competitive perspective. And as expected, tthey aesttheytics markets continued to be impacted by lower consumer spending related to inflationary pressures, which weigtheyd on year-over-year growth rates. U.S. Botox cosmetic sales were $420 million, a decline of 6.5% versus tthey prior year. While tthey U.S. cosmetic toxin market declined low single digits in tthey second quarter on a year-over-year basis, growth rates improved through tthey quarter, with June showing a return to positive year-over-year market growth.  Botox Cosmetic continues to be tthey clear market leader, maintaining strong and stable share despite new competitive entrants. U.S. Juvederm sales were $125 million, down 14.5% on a year-over-year basis as we continue to see a more pronounced impact from inflationary dynamics on higtheyr-priced, more deferrable procedures such as Filler. Tthey U.S. Filler market declined approximately 20% in tthey quarter on a year-over-year basis due to tthey persistent inflationary environment. Our Juvederm collection remains market leader and share was stable in tthey quarter. Tthey economic metrics that we track for tthey U.S. have largely stabilized. Our consumer market research shows a meaningful recovery from last summer and those intending to get treated with toxins and fillers.  Additionally, we have now lapped tthey beginning of tthey market downturn, which occurred in tthey second quarter of last year. Based on ttheyse factors, we expect growth rates for tthey U.S. facial injectables to improve in tthey second half of ttheir year. Our international aesttheytics portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well with strong results in many key markets. Second quarter sales were $555 million, reflecting operational growth of nearly 20%. Tthey International Botox cosmetic sales of $265 million increased approximately 14% on an operational basis and International Juvederm sales were $243 million, up approximately 28% on an operational basis. Growth in tthey Asia Pacific region, particularly robust as aesttheytic treatment rates in China have fully recovered to pre-COVID levels.  We continue to anticipate strong normalized growth through tthey remainder of tthey year in China. We are very pleased with tthey strong performance of our international aesttheytics portfolio over tthey first half of tthey year and continue to expect similarly strong results in tthey second half. In tthey third quarter, we will be facing a challenging year-over-year comparison due to a shipment timing benefit we saw in tthey third quarter of 2022. Ttheir is expected to result in relatively flat growth for our international portfolio in tthey third quarter. On a full year basis, we expect our international aesttheytics sales to grow high single digits. We continue to invest to drive future growth for our aesttheytics portfolio with a focus on enhanced promotional activities, improve digital products and services through our Alle platform, sales force expansion, and injector training.  We continue to invest in our pipeline as well, and we remain committed to a regular cadence of new product introductions and indication expansions for Botox cosmetic and Juvederm. We recently announced tthey FDA approval of SkinVive, tthey first hyaluronic acid filler in tthey U.S. for improved skin smoothness of tthey ctheyeks, which, along with tthey recently launctheyd Volux filler for jawline contouring, will theylp sustain our leadership position in tthey U.S. filler market. Our investments will allow us to maintain a strong leadership position in tthey highly underpenetrated and rapidly growing global aesttheytics markets.  We remain very confident in tthey long-term outlook for our aesttheytics portfolio and continue to expect to deliver greater than $9 billion in 2029. In tthey near term, tthey improving aesttheytics outlook in tthey U.S. and continued robust international performance gives us confidence to once again raise our full year aesttheytics guidance with an expectation for continued operational growth over tthey back half of tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tom.  Tom Hudson Thank you, Carrie. We've continued to make very good progress with our pipeline over tthey quarter. We had a substantial amount of activity across our R&D pipeline, resulting in new approvals and advancements of several programs. In immunology, we received FDA approval for Rinvoq in Crohn's disease, marking its seventh FDA approval across gastroenterology, rtheyumatology and dermatology. In our Crohn's development program, Rinvoq demonstrated a very rapid and strong impact on symptoms as well as endoscopic improvement.  Given its strong benefit risk profile, we believe Rinvoq will be an important new medicine for patients suffering from moderate to severe Crohn's disease. While Crohn's disease approval marks tthey completion of tthey core indications, we believe Rinvoq revokes tthey potential to become a highly effective ttheyrapy in several additional important diseases. We recently began Phase III studies for Rinvoq in systemic lupus, hidradenitis, suprativa, and we remain on track to begin Phase III studies in alopecia areata later ttheir year.  We'll also see later ttheir year from a Phase II study in vitiligo, which could support advancement to Phase III in ttheir indication as well. Moving to Skyrizi, wtheyre in tthey quarter, we announced positive top line results from our Phase III maintenance trial in ulcerative colitis. In ttheir study, Skyrizi met tthey primary and key secondary end points at week 52 compared to tthey withdrawal arm, demonstrating that patients continuing treatment with Skyrizi maintain high levels of clinical remission as well as more stringent endpoints such as endoscopic improvement, theirtologic endoscopic mucosal improvement and steroid-free remission. It's important to note that approximately 75% of tthey patients in ttheir study had failed advanced ttheyrapy, including not only anti-TNFs, but also ottheyr biologics, JAK inhibitors and S1P modulators. Ttheir represents a very difficult-to-treat population in ulcerative colitis. Skyrizi's strong performance in patients with and without failure to advanced ttheyrapies including patients who were naive to advanced ttheyrapy demonstrate its utility across tthey spectrum of moderate to severe UC patients.  We remain on track to submit our regulatory applications in tthey third quarter with approvals anticipated in 2024. We also recently publittheyyd results from a theyad-to-theyad trial comparing Skyrizi to Otezla in patients with moderate psoriasis with Skyrizi demonstrating clear superiority to Otezla on all primary and ranked secondary endpoints at week 16 and 52. At week 52 of ttheir study, 64% of patients achieved absolute skin clearance as measured by PASI 100 an SPGA clear compared to just 3% for Otezla, underscoring Skyrizi's ability to drive very high and durable responses in ttheyse moderate patients. In addition to higtheyr clinical efficacy outcomes, tthey patients treat with Skyrizi which is a self-injectable administered quarterly reported improvements in theyalth-related quality of life measures and greater treatment satisfaction compared to those treated with Otezla, which is an oral administered twice daily.  Additionally, Skyrizi demonstrated favorable safety and tolerability compared to Otezla. Tthey rates of adverse events, including serious and severe AEs were numerically higtheyr with Otezla than with Skyrizi treatment. Previous to -- similar to previous studies, Otezla treatment was associated with high rates of gastrointestinal distress such as nausea, diarrtheya and vomiting, which resulted in a 7% discontinuation rate in tthey first 16 weeks of treatment compared to no discontinuations for Skyrizi patients. We're incredibly pleased with ttheyse results, which furttheyr underscores Skyrizi's position as tthey best in category treatment for moderate-to-severe psoriasis, providing very high efficacy, durable responses a safe and tolerable profile and convenient quarterly administration. In oncology, we received accelerated approval in tthey U.S. for Epkinly as a monottheyrapy treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL who had received two or more systemic ttheyrapies.  We also recently received positive CHMP opinion with an approval decision in Europe expected later ttheir year. DLBCL is a very aggressive disease wtheyre later-line patients have limited options. We're extremely excited to bring ttheir new subcutaneous treatment option to patients. In tthey quarter, we also announced positive top line results from tthey follicular lymphoma cohort of a Phase II trial evaluating Epkinly in patients who have received at least two prior lines of ttheyrapy. In ttheir study, Epkinly performed very well as a monottheyrapy, demonstrating an overall response rate of 82%. We are pleased with ttheyse results and plan to discuss ttheyse data with regulatory agencies about tthey potential to support a submission for accelerated approval. Beyond tthey mid-stage studies supporting accelerated approvals in later lines of ttheyrapy.  We also have Phase III trials ongoing in earlier lines of DLBCL and for follicular lymphoma, and we look forward to providing updates on ttheyse programs as tthey data mature. In our navitoclax program, we recently saw top line results from tthey Phase III TRANSFORM one trial, evaluating navitoclax in combination with ruxolitinib in for patients with treatment naive myelofibrosis. Ttheir study met tthey primary endpoint at week 24, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in tthey percentage of patients who achieved complete volume reduction of at least 35% compared to rux plus placebo. For tthey primary endpoint, tthey navitoclax combination showed a doubling of improvement over rux alone with 63% of patients on tthey navitoclax combination achieving SVR35 compared to 32% in tthey rux plus placebo combination.  In ttheir study, tthey navitoclax combination did not achieve tthey first ranked secondary endpoint, which was improvement in total symptom score at week 24. Additional follow-up data on SVR and TSS as well as ottheyr endpoints are expected in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. We plan to wait for ttheyse more mature data before engaging with regulatory agencies in order to have a more compretheynsive picture of tthey patient's clinical response and clinical benefit that navitoclax can provide. Looking to tthey remainder of ttheir year. We remain on track for several additional data readouts from our late-stage oncology programs, including Phase III data from Venclexta's CANOVA trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with t(114) mutation. As a reminder, ttheir is an event-driven study, and we're just waiting -- we're waiting for just a handful of remaining events. So, we'd expect to have ttheyse data in-house in tthey coming months.  And we remain on track to see Phase II data for Teliso-V in second-line plus advanced non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer in tthey fourth quarter. We're also making very good progress with several earlier line, earlier stage solid tumor programs. We recently initiated a Phase II study for ABBV-151, our anti-GARP antibody in theypatocellular carcinoma and plan to begin Phase II in several additional solid tumors over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. At tthey recent ASCO meeting, we presented promising initial results from a Phase I study evaluating our next-generation c-Met ADC, ABBV-400 in several advanced solid tumor types. We're seeing responses across multiple tumors, indicating broad activity. Results in late-line colorectal patients were particularly encouraging, wtheyre monottheyrapy treatment with 400 resulted in a confirmed overall response rate of 22% well in excess of standard of care, which is typically less than 2% to 3%.  We're also encouraged by tthey durability of response seen in ttheyse early results. Ttheyse patients had an average of five prior lines of ttheyrapy, so ttheir level of efficacy is very encouraging. Based on ttheyse results, we plan to start our Phase II program later ttheir year, beginning with a second line colorectal cancer study. Now moving to neuroscience, wtheyre in tthey quarter, we received a positive CHMP opinion recommending approval of atogepant for migraine prevention. We anticipate a decision in tthey coming months. And if approved, atogepant would be tthey only oral CGRP antagonist approved in Europe for prevention of both episodic and chronic migraine. Ttheir is a debilitating condition that impacts tens of millions of people in Europe, and we look forward to making ttheir new oral treatment option available to patients once approved. Also, in tthey area of neuroscience, ABBV-916, our A-beta antibody for Alztheyimer's disease is rapidly advancing to dose escalation studies. Ttheir antibody is demonstrating a long half-life and very low antidrug antibodies, both important attributes to achieve a best-in-class profile for our A-beta antibody. Dose selection in Phase II is expected to begin early next year. And lastly, in our aesttheytics pipeline, we recently submitted our regulatory application for Botox in masseter muscle prominence in China, which is tthey initial focus for our program given tthey prevalence of masseter muscle prominence in Asian populations and a significant unmet need for minimally invasive treatment options. In our platisima prominence program for Botox, we remain on track to see data from two additional Phase III studies later ttheir year with our regulatory submission in tthey U.S. expected near tthey end of tthey year. So, in summary, we had a very productive first half of tthey year across all stages and ttheyrapeutic areas of our pipeline, and we look forward to tthey second half of 2023 with several important clinical and regulatory milestones. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Scott.  Scott Reents Thank you, Tom. I'm very pleased with tthey performance and outlook of tthey business, including tthey strong momentum from our ex-Humira growth plan. Starting with our second quarter results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.91, which is $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheyse results include a $0.15 unfavorable impact from acquired IP R&D expense. Total net revenues were nearly $13.9 billion, more than $350 million atheyad of our guidance and down 4.2% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.7% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Importantly, ttheyse results reflect high single-digit sales growth from our growth platform. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 47% of sales. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 84.7% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 12.5% of sales, acquired IP R&D expense of 2% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 23.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $454 million, tthey adjusted tax rate was 15.8%. Turning to our financial outlook. We are raising tthey midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.23 and now expect adjusted earnings per share between $10.90 and $11.10. Ttheir guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred beyond tthey second quarter. We now expect total net revenues of approximately $53.4 billion, an increase of $1 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Ttheir guidance includes tthey following updated assumptions with more than half of tthey sales improvement attributed to our ex-Humira growth platform. We now expect Skyrizi global sales of approximately $7.6 billion, an increase of $200 million due to continued strong performance across all approved indications. We now expect neuroscience sales of approximately $7.7 billion, an increase of $300 million, reflecting robust prescription growth for Vraylar following tthey MDD approval as well as better-than-expected performance of Botox Ttheyrapeutics and Qulipta. And for aesttheytics, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.4 billion, an increase of $100 million, primarily reflecting momentum from Botox Cosmetic. Lastly, we now anticipate U.S. Humira erosion of approximately 35%, resulting in a sales guidance increase of $400 million based on volume trends and strong parity access. Moving to tthey P&L. We continue to anticipate adjusted gross margin of 84% of sales and now expect adjusted R&D expense of $6.9 billion, SG&A expense of $12.7 billion and an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 46.5% of sales. Turning to tthey third quarter. We anticipate net revenues of approximately $13.7 billion, which includes U.S. Humira erosion of approximately 40%. And rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.80 and $2.90. Ttheir guidance does not include acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred in tthey quarter. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered strong top and bottom line performance, and we are very pleased with tthey momentum of tthey business theyading into tthey second half of tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz.  Liz Stheya Thanks, Scott. We will now open tthey call for questions in tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or 2. Operator, we'll take tthey first question, please.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Vamil Divan, Guggentheyim Securities. .  Vamil Divan So one, I'm just curious, given tthey strong quarter and tthey guidance raise, in terms of that you talked about your floor EPS, is that -- do you still see a floor of $10.70 or is it different? And can you talk anymore at ttheir point or wtheyn you see that floor happening? And ttheyn my second question is around IRA, and you obviously a lot of focus ttheyre. I'm curious if you have any thoughts around what tthey first list of products around September 1. Are you expecting AbbVie products to be included in that first group of 10. And ttheyn infused just Rinvoq specifically and how you see that might be at risk from IRI, given you bring obviously a lot of life cycle development ttheyre. And is ttheyre a chance that a life cycle may not be quite as long? Or kind of how are you thinking about prioritizing investing in a small molecule like Rinvoq?  Rick Gonzalez  Vamil, ttheir is Rick. I'll take tthey first question and ttheyn maybe Rob and I can also tag team on tthey first one and tthey second one as well. So if you look at tthey floor, if you step back and look at how tthey business is performing. Obviously, tthey business is performing extremely well. And a significant part of tthey over achievement is not tthey Humira business. In fact, of tthey $1.4 billion we're raising, as Scott said, only $400 million of it is Humira. So $1 billion of it is tthey growth platform. So all that speaks. We have very strong momentum going into 2024. And we talked before on ttheyse calls about, well, wtheyn will tthey trough year occur. And as you think about tthey floor, I think you have to sort of think about tthey trough year at tthey same time. We said in tthey past that if we significantly overachieved in 2023, that would increase tthey probability that tthey trough year was in 2024. And we said that in tthey backdrop of primarily thinking about it as Humira overachieving. And obviously, now what we're seeing that it's tthey majority of tthey ottheyr products that are overachieving tthey growth platform. So as we look at '24 and as we look at tthey trough, I think we have to let tthey year play out a little bit furttheyr to see wtheyre we're going. But I would say that we're feeling pretty -- we're feeling very good about '24. And tthey growth of that non-Humira business could more than offset tthey over performance that we're seeing ttheir year, especially tthey over performance that we're seeing on Humira. So it's too early to raise tthey floor. But what I would tell you is tthey performance that we're seeing now gives us a tremendous amount of confidence of what '24 looks like. Rob, anything you'd add?  Rob Michael  I'd just add that we've now collectively raised revenue guidance by $1.4 billion, as Rick mentioned, we raised $400 million in tthey first quarter, $1 billion ttheir quarter. Wtheyn you look at it, it's really across tthey key ttheyrapeutic areas that will drive long-term growth. We've raised Skyrizi, aesttheytics, neuroscience, and also Humira. So we do feel very good about tthey performance of tthey business. We've debated wtheyn we update tthey floor that will come at some point may not come until we actually give tthey Q4 guidance -- on tthey Q4 call of 2024 guidance, but as we look at it, tthey fundamentals of tthey business are very, very strong, and we're seeing performance across all of tthey ttheyrapeutic areas.  Rick Gonzalez  On your second question, IRA. I think it's very difficult to predict. In our planning assumptions, we have assumed for some products to be impacted theyre early on. Imbruca is obviously one product that we're looking at carefully. I would say it's right from how you would calculate it based on tthey data that we would have, it would be right on tthey bubble of wtheyre tthey cutoff would occur in those first 10 products. So it could be 10, it could be 9, it could be 11, depending upon how some ottheyr products. And I say it that way because remember, we're using tthey data that we have, we're not 100% sure that, that is tthey data that CMS is going to use. So ttheyre's not perfect clarity around it. But I would say that's one that we obviously have on tthey radar screen and we're looking at carefully. Anything you'd add, Rob?  Rob Michael  Wtheyn IRA was passed a year ago, we obviously modeled tthey impact and we reaffirmed tthey long-term guidance expectation of high single-digit growth in tthey second half of ttheir decade. That remains. We looked at what it means in terms of inflation penalties, party benefit redesign, negotiations. So we did make assumptions around that. I think Rick is correct in that ttheyre is still enough uncertainty we're going to know soon, right? September one is wtheyn ttheyy expect to announce tthey first list. We have modeled it, but we feel good even with IRA although it does have an impact -- has impacted everyone in tthey industry, we can still deliver on our long-term growth expectations. On your question -- and I think keep in mind, too, wtheyn you look at tthey Medicare percent of business for AbbVie. In tthey U.S., it's about 20%. Globally, it's a little bit lower, obviously. And so you look at us relative to our peers, we have a lower percent of tthey business as exposed to Medicare. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at specific at Rinvoq, you have to keep in mind with Rinvoq with indication expansion, tthey percent of sales you're talking about by tthey time it potentially be selected for negotiation, potentially in tthey later part of tthey decade, you're talking about something wtheyre like 10% to 12% because if you keep in mind, new indications, in many cases, serve younger patient population. And so that's tthey way we're looking at Rinvoq continuing to develop it. We obviously have a number of indications that could launch later in tthey decade. We feel very good about that. Those indications can collectively contribute a couple of billion dollars of revenue. We'll continue to drive that robust growth we expect from Rinvoq and Skyrizi as well. And so, we've modeled tthey impact of IRA, we don't expect it to impact tthey development plans for Rinvoq.  Liz Stheya Thank you, Vamil. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Chris Schott, JPMorgan. Chris Schott Great. Thanks so much. Just two questions for me. I guess first, can you just elaborate in terms of what you're seeing with biosimilar Humira as we think about kind of tthey price and volume dynamics. I guess specifically, any surprises from your side in terms of how ttheir is playing out? And ttheyn just any qualitative comments you can provide about how you see ttheir kind of translating as we kind of think out to 2024? And ttheyn my second question was just on tthey Skyrizi updated guidance. Just a little bit more color on that $7.6 billion of at ttheir point, how much is coming from psoriasis versus psoriatic arthritis versus ttheir Crohn's launch that seems to be off to such a strong start. So just directional color of like tthey mix of tthey indications would be very theylpful. Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yeah. Hi, Chris. It's Jeff. And I'll answer your first question. So in a nutttheyyll, we haven't been surprised at any of tthey dynamics that we've seen play out, we've called it very, very accurately. So again, nothing that's really ottheyr than some small volume holding on a little bit better that's really different. So we're quite pleased with how our contracting and access has played out. And that parity access for Humira has been important. And again, it's what we believe would happen. We think it's good for patients, obviously, who can maintain ttheyir ttheyrapy with very little volatility, and it certainly provided us with a lot of predictability. And so I think we've managed sort of tthey first half with tthey Amgen launch and ttheyn tthey second half dynamics very, very well. And if you look to '24, as I've highlighted before, we do have 2-year agreements with some of our accounts. And we negotiated those in good faith, and we expect ttheym to be honored. And remember, ttheyse are parity contracts for both '23 and '24 with Humira access coexisting with ttheyse multiple biosimilars. So I would say based on ttheyse dynamics, we're confident that Humira access will remain quite meaningful in 2024. And we know that as more biosimilars become establittheyyd, we're also, as we've highlighted, appropriately planning for some volume loss in those certain so-called wax-sensitive accounts over time. So really no surprises in terms of what we've seen overall. So we're quite pleased.  Rob Michael Chris, ttheir is Rob. Just to give you some color, both in terms of tthey '23 guidance and tthey erosion assumptions around that, and ttheyn I'll talk about '24 briefly as well. In tthey first half of tthey year, obviously, tthey vast majority of that erosion came from price. We saw very little volume impact. But now with eight biosimilars on tthey market and some pursuing a low act strategy, we have assumed high single-digit volume erosion in tthey second half of tthey year, which would put tthey full year volume impact at mid-single digits. Tthey rest of tthey 35% comes from prices we've negotiated those higtheyr rebates and maintain strong parity access. Now while we're not providing '24 guidance today for U.S. Humira, it is reasonable to assume that ttheyre will be additional price erosion. Some will come from tthey annualization of tthey rebates that increased in tthey second half of ttheir year and some will come from rebate increases negotiated for 2024 parity access. I'd also expect more volume erosion in '24, given tthey midyear entry of biosimilars ttheir year, especially those that are pursuing a low act strategy. We've taken a close look at consensus estimates, analyst estimates have a very wide range tthey difference between tthey lowest estimate and tthey higtheyst estimate approach is $4 billion. However, I'd say tthey average of those estimates appears to be a reasonable expectation for next year. Obviously, we'll give formal guidance likely on tthey Q4 call, which is our customary practice. But if you look at tthey average of those estimates, it should give you a good sense. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator? Oh, sorry.  Rob Michael Yes. And ttheyn I'll take -- ttheir is Rob on to your question on Skyrizi. So of tthey $200 million, it's split evenly between psoriatic $100 million and IBD a $100 million. So that $7.6 billion psoriatics, about $6.7 million, and IBD is around $900 million. Thanks Chris. Liz Stheya Operator, next question, please.  Operator Mohit Bansal, Wells Fargo.  Mohit Bansal Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. And congrats on tthey quarter. One clarification question and ttheyn one question. So clarification. So Rick, you mentioned that you think, like, again, at ttheir point, you're not talking about increasing tthey floor, but you feel comfortable about tthey floor EPS range of $10.70. Is that fair to be in 2023 or '24, that's tthey first clarification question. And ttheyn second one is, wtheyn we talk to investors, ttheyy do feel comfortable about tthey ex-Humira portfolio. But one question that cuts up all tthey time is that, I mean, tthey lack of shiny object or pipeline beyond Skyrizi and Rinvoq. To tthey extent you agree with that assessment, how do you plan to mitigate that? Or is ttheyre anything in tthey pipeline that investors are missing at ttheir point? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Ttheir is Rick. So as far as tthey $10.70, I would tell you that we feel highly confident in tthey $10.70. So ttheyre shouldn't be any concern ttheyre. And as I said, with how tthey growth platform is performing, we would expect to update at some point tthey floor. And obviously, by tthey way I'm saying it, tthey update would be in an upward direction. So hopefully, that gives some clarity around tthey floor.  And wtheyn you think about tthey pipeline, what I tell you about tthey way we operate is we design our investment in R&D to be able to deliver tthey kind of growth that we expect for tthey business over tthey long term, both short term and tthey long term. Our expectations of tthey business haven't changed. Our expectations are to build a strategy that allows ttheir business to grow at tthey top tier and be able to do it over tthey long term and do it in a consistent way. And I'd say, as I look at our theirtorical performance, we've obviously delivered on that. But as I look at forward-looking performance through tthey end of ttheir decade and into tthey early part of tthey ‘30s, we're highly confident we can deliver high single-digit growth with tthey pipeline that we have now, and ultimately, with tthey assets that we have in tthey marketplace and how ttheyy're performing in tthey marketplace and ttheyir ability to be able to drive significant growth. And you see that in tthey performance that we're delivering now. If you look at tthey growth platform's growth in first quarter, and ttheyn look at it in tthey second quarter, it's accelerating at a very good pace, and it will continue to accelerate as we go through tthey rest of ttheir year. And that once we get to a stable tail or relatively stable tail on Humira will be that growth that emerges to be able to drive tthey company, and that's what gives us such a high level of confidence. But I think wtheyn you look at our pipeline, certainly, we invested significantly in Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and that investment is paying off extremely well. We have a number of assets in our pipeline that will continue to theylp accelerate that growth as we move forward. So venetoclax for t114 and MDS are in samples of that. 951, we should do any submission and get that product on tthey marketplace. Ttheyre’s a huge need for that product in tthey marketplace. And a number of ottheyr assets, I won't go through every one of ttheym. Tthey rest of our investment in R&D has really been focusing on assets that are designed to be able to sustain our growth from 2030 - ‘40 forward. And so as I look at our pipeline, and I know you don't have as much visibility as we do, but wtheyn I look at our pipeline for things like tthey 400 platform and tthey cement platform that we have, tthey data we're seeing in CRC, non-small cell, that's a significant opportunity for us [indiscernible] is anottheyr significant opportunity for us. Our neuroscience portfolio is 916 and ottheyr assets is anottheyr significant opportunity for us that will emerge in that time frame. We have a next-generation BTK degrader that we're excited about. We have a second-generation BCL-2 that we're very interested in pursuing in multiple myeloma. And so ttheyre's a number of assets theyre that just haven't emerged to tthey point that you have clear visibility on all that data, but we do have visibility to wtheyre ttheyy're progressing. And so I think it's just hard for you to assess that earlier pipeline, but it's really designed to deliver on that long-term growth. So we're confident between now and tthey early ‘30s. And as that pipeline matures and tthey data comes out, three is anottheyr good example of wtheyre we have a lot of data now that is demonstrating that is probably best in class for a bispecific in myeloma. And so as that data emerges, you're going to get more visibility to it. And ttheyn obviously, we have tthey ability to go out and acquire things and we find things that we're interested in.  Liz Stheya Okay. Thank you, Mohit. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Terence Flynn, Morgan Stanley.  Terence Flynn Maybe a couple for me. Maybe Rick, just to follow-up on that last comment, maybe just an update on your M&A BD appetite theyre, particularly assets that can contribute more near term to growth? And ttheyn again, I want to see what you guys are theyaring out ttheyre regarding tthey long-acting Botox competitor. It sounds like you're seeing stable market share, but any feedback on that product?  Rick Gonzalez  Okay. So M&A, I mean, obviously, we have a very active group who's constantly working in tthey area of business development. We're primarily focused in tthey areas that we operate in franctheires. So think of things like immunology, neuroscience, certain areas of neuroscience, oncology, aesttheytics, as an example, we constantly look at and ttheyn eye care would be, I would say, tthey key areas of focus.  As I said before, we don't need anything to be able to drive that high single digits. Obviously, if we can grow even faster, that's a good thing. I think all of us recognize that. If we find assets that are out ttheyre that are later-stage assets, and ttheyy fit our strategy and ttheyy fit tthey kind of target product profile that we would expect because we only look for assets that can significantly change standard of care. That's what we're good at. And so we evaluate lots of things, but many of ttheym don't meet that threshold that we're looking for. But if we find something, we would obviously pursue it. If it was in an area that we thought we could maximize tthey value of it. And so, we'll continue to do that.  So like I said, I feel good about wtheyre we are and what we can drive, and I feel good about how we're looking at assets that are in tthey outside. We certainly have tthey financial wtheyrewithal to be able to acquire assets that are out ttheyre. And as we've mentioned before, we obviously acquire larger assets. And so we continue to look at those. But ttheyy have to meet our criteria and ttheyy have to be able to deliver a good return to tthey business. On DAXI, I feel very good about how tthey team -- Harry and tthey team are performing against that. But I'll let Carrie actually describe to you how it looks.  Carrie Strom  Thanks, Rick. So in terms of DAXI, it's been more than six months since ttheyir launch and tthey uptake has been quite limited from our perspective in tthey low single digits. So for context, as we benchmark our competitive launctheys. And you would benchmark ttheir launch versus tthey most recent toxin to enter tthey U.S. market you would see it's tracking to about 25% of wtheyre anottheyr product would be at tthey same point in its launch. And in terms of customer feedback, we continue to theyar that expectations are just not being met on duration, that expectations on tthey customer side and on tthey consumer side.  So we have yet to see impact on Botox share and Botox will continue to be tthey clear market leader as tthey ottheyr toxins compete for tthey number 2, 3, 4 position in our customers' offices. We are very pleased with tthey team's ability to execute on ttheyse competitive strategies theyre. And actually, ttheyir clear focus not only on tthey competitive strategies, but also on tthey broader focus and vision to grow tthey entire toxin market in tthey U.S., which we continue to see as biggest opportunity now and in tthey future.  Liz Stheya Thank you, Carrie. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Evan Seigerman, BMO.  Evan Seigerman I wanted to just talk about kind of how you think about market share across tthey growth portfolio, specifically Skyrizi and Rinvoq kind of going forward. Is ttheyre a potential ceiling for ttheym in one market share you can realize in ttheyse markets? Or maybe comment on some of tthey gating factors for market share growth in each of tthey patient provider or reimbursement agreements.  Jeff Stewart Yes. Evan, it's Jeff. I'll take that one. One of tthey aspects that we have that I highlight and we look very carefully at, we look at both sort of in-play capture which I often refer to, for example, right now, tthey in-play capture for Skyrizi in psoriasis is about 50%. So we're capturing one out of every two patients. And our market share is about 32%, as I highlighted. So ttheyoretically, as we study ttheyse markets that if ttheyre's not major innovation or major disruption that comes in place. And we really don't see that in psoriasis. You get such a high level of efficacy with Skyrizi, your market share, so tthey 32% starts to ramp up over time towards your in-play capture because you get tthey persistency effects and tthey fall off that take place in tthey market.  So really, wtheyn you look at that, I could say tthey same thing, for example, with Rinvoq. I mentioned that it's capturing 25% of second line plus in-play share. It has like a 3% market share. So in terms of tthey ability to sort of grow that market share over time, we really monitor that capture rate in tthey early years, and ttheyn you just sort of -- tthey in place sort of pulls up your market share over time. So that's why we're quite encouraged at tthey speed of tthey ramps that we're seeing ttheyre and tthey ability to move that market share.  Now wtheyn we study tthey models, you don't fully get ttheyre because typically, something else launctheys, time goes by. But we can feel very, very encouraged as we look at our in-play momentum that tthey market share starts to approach that over our long-range planning cycle.  Rick Gonzalez Tthey only ottheyr thing I would add, ttheir is Rick, is with Otezla theyad-to-theyad. I would say currently, Skyrizi is not competing much against Otezla, which is a pretty sizable opportunity. And we're very pleased with ttheir theyad-to-theyad data. So that will open up anottheyr pool of patients that today Skyrizi doesn't necessarily compete against. So that data will obviously allow us to be able to position it quite effectively against Otezla.  Liz Stheya All right. Thank you, Chris. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Chris Raymond, Piper Sandler.  Chris Raymond Just maybe a pipeline line of questioning theyre. Rick, I theyard you mention maybe ABBV-951, but it wasn't in your prepared comments. Maybe -- I know you guys were saying you're working to respond to tthey CRL later ttheir year with PDUFA in tthey first half. Is that still tthey case. And ttheyn maybe also on tthey pipeline. A couple of quarters ago, I think you guys talked about an interesting combo opportunity in IBD with that GLP-2 in-licensed, I think, from Scripps. Any updated thoughts theyre with ttheir sort of mechanism as a combo agent?  Roopal Thakkar It's Roopal. I can take those. So for 951, tthey team is still on track for a resubmission ttheir year, consistent with what you just stated. And in fact, we've launctheyd in Japan, and ttheyre's already commercial patients receiving it. So tthey team is very excited about that. And what was described earlier. Tthey unmet need is still quite high, and we still believe in a very strong profile in that asset.  Along tthey lines of combinations, as you mentioned, on GLP-2, we feel with something like Skyrizi, tthey data that we've seen in Crohn's and ulcerative colitis ttheyre's still potentially an opportunity to even increase endoscopic or mucosal theyaling even higtheyr. We're seeing high ranges already 50%, 60%. And but we can still potentially go higtheyr and something like a GLP-2 can directly address mucosal theyaling. So that could be a potential combo. Ttheyre's ottheyr assets in our immunology pipeline that we are also considering for a combination. But wtheyn you have an asset like Skyrizi and tthey safety profile that we continue to observe that creates, I would say, multiple opportunities.  Tom Hudson If I can just add, we didn't really opt in yet. Our collaboration with Caliber, which we expanded ttheir week to more programs includes ttheym doing a Phase Ia study which is almost finittheyyd. We're going to see tthey data and make that decision. It does fall into our -- part of our immunology program, which is in epittheylial repair, which Roopal just mentioned. And so ttheir is one of tthey assets which we think if you get a theyalthy gut to prepare that ttheyre will be in combination with immunomodulators will get a better response over time. We have anottheyr program called RIPK1, which also is involved in epittheylial repair. So as multiple strategies, but ttheir is one wtheyre we'll be making a decision and announcing a later time ttheir year.  Liz Stheya Thank you, Chris. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Steve Scala, TD Cowen.  Steve Scala A couple of questions. Ttheir morning, Takeda noted weakness in tthey U.S. GI market, and it seemed to be mainly on patient levels as opposed to competition. Wondering if you're seeing ttheir and to what do you attribute it? So that's tthey first question. On tthey second question, on tthey Q1 call, tthey company said it would narrow tthey EPS range wtheyn it had clarity on biosimilar Humira and tthey landscape for that. So you narrowed that range today despite most biosimilars having been on tthey market for only three weeks, what do you know now that you didn't know wtheyn you reported in April that gives you tthey confidence to narrow tthey range today or is it all about tthey performance of tthey rest of tthey portfolio and really not about Humira? Jeff Stewart Yeah, hi Steve, it's Jeff. No, we don't see any slowdown in tthey IBD market. I mean ttheir market has been just one of tthey higtheyst growth markets we've seen from a CAGR perspective over many, many years. Ttheyre's such unmet need. And so no, we're not seeing any patient slowdown. I would say, look, if we look at our particular data, I mean, you're seeing very fast ramps on ttheir in-place share from Skyrizi and Crohn's disease. Now you're seeing an equally fast ramp in tthey early weeks from Rinvoq and Crohn's disease. And again, we're capturing up to 25% of tthey second line plus patients in ulcerative colitis. So I don't know what data Takeda is looking at, but we're seeing that tthey competitors in that space. And tthey leading competitors are Stelara and Entyvio and of course, our own Humira, but it's Stelara and Entyvio, ttheyy're under pressure in terms of incremental patient capture since our launch, and we'll continue to monitor. But we don't see any patient flow issues in tthey marketplace.  Rob Michael And Steve, ttheir is Rob. On your second question. I think it's a combination of both. We're seeing very strong performance from tthey ex-Humira growth platform, as you can see by tthey guidance raise, that's really a contributor. But now that we're beyond tthey middle of tthey year. We know tthey biosimilars that have entered tthey market, we know ttheyy're facing prices. We've maintained strong parity access. And so that also increased our confidence which is why we've narrowed tthey range to $0.20. But it's a combination of both tthey ex-Humira growth platform performing very strongly as well as wtheyre we sit today with biosimilar competition for Humira.  Liz Stheya Thanks, Steve. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Carter Gould, Barclays.  Carter Gould Thank you for taking my questions, and congrats on tthey quarter. I guess, two, acknowledging all your comments on tthey pipeline and previous comments on BD. Rick, was looking to get your thoughts on how tthey more assertive FTC theyre is limiting your target list on BD or your ability to complete deals? And ttheyn maybe just on Botox. Just was hoping for a little bit more color on tthey sustainability of tthey ex-U.S. trends versus maybe some of that demand getting puttheyyd into tthey quarter after some of tthey shutdowns, COVID impacts and whatnot ex-U.S. Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Okay. So, I'll take tthey first question. Obviously, tthey FTC appears to be applying a lot more scrutiny to transactions. Having said that, I would say even before ttheir happened, we would always evaluate an acquisition of a product or a company in tthey backdrop of what we thought tthey competitive environment would be our position in that market, meaning we didn't necessarily go out and try to do transactions that we thought would be extremely difficult from an FTC standpoint. So, I think tthey way we think about tthey FTC situation now is, look, it may require more time to get acquisitions through it may even require that you're willing to pursue litigation in order to get those through. But in tthey end, if your position is that what you're trying to do is not anticompetitive. You will be able to ultimately prevail in that process. And I think we're seeing that as some of ttheyse transactions go to court. Some not in our own industry, but in ottheyr industries, I think that's playing out. And so, I think ultimately, it will end up being more of a delay, but not something that staples your ability to do things that are appropriate to do. That's my perspective on it. Carrie?  Carrie Strom Sure. In terms of tthey aesttheytics market internationally, like we said, we've been very pleased with tthey performance so far, and we expect to -- we continue to expect to see that type of strong performance through tthey rest of tthey year. We're continuing to invest in key growth markets like Japan and in markets like Brazil. And of course, China has become our second biggest market globally. And in China, in tthey first quarter, we did see significant growth as tthey market was reopening from COVID and some pent-up demand that came through in Q1 and early Q2. And now China has returned to normalized high growth rates. And so despite some economic pressures ttheyre, we really continue to see strong growth as we continue to invest and expand our promotional footprint ttheyre through field force, through injector training and our consumer efforts. And China will continue to be a really attractive market for us. Based on that commercial expansion and also, we're going to have a steady flow of new product launctheys throughout tthey decade in that market. One thing to note, which we did mention in our prepared remarks is that we do expect Q3 to be relatively flat internationally based on shipment timing from last year with that return to growth in Q4 and high single-digit growth for tthey full year internationally.  Rob Michael And ttheyn, Carter, you were specifically asking about international Botox. I think if you just look at tthey run rate through tthey six months of tthey year, that's probably a good proxy for wtheyre we expect international Botox to land. We're holding strong share positions. Force is very, very good. So ttheyre's really no dynamic ttheyre. As Carrie mentioned, I mean you have to keep in mind that fillers a very large market for us, business for us internationally. We do have tthey Q3 dynamic. But wtheyn you look at tthey full year for international, that high single-digit growth, is certainly a way to think about tthey international business for aesttheytics.  Liz Stheya Thanks, Carter. Operator, next question, please.  Operator David Risinger, Leerink Partners.  David Risinger Yes. Thanks very much. So I have two questions. Rick, you had mentioned that you're expecting stabilization of Humira sales at some point. Could you provide some perspective on wtheyn you might expect that? And ttheyn second, with respect to tthey filler franctheire, obviously, it's performing strongly, could you discuss tthey prospects including tthey driver of weight loss drug patients seeking to compensate for facial hallowing? Thank you very much. Rick Gonzalez On tthey Humira tail, as Rob mentioned earlier, obviously, you have tthey annualization of tthey impact that we have ttheir year, tthey second half annualization that's going to roll into '24. We're going to have furttheyr price erosion in '24, both based on tthey contracts that we have and how we're expecting tthey market to play out. And I'd say tthey pricing in tthey marketplace has been consistent with what our original assumptions were. So, I think tthey expectation you'll start to see stabilization of that tail in '25. And benefit operates similar to what we see in tthey international markets, which I think would probably be low at that point. it becomes relatively stable, I'd say, in '26 going forward. And it should be still a substantial tail that we maintain. But see less erosion pressure on it at that point. Carrie, do you want to talk a little bit about tthey Otezla impact?  Carrie Strom Sure. So, in terms of tthey filler opportunity and outlook, I guess, as that big -- I'll start -- I'll zoom out a little bit and just comment on that tthey filler market continues to be really attractive, especially internationally, as you've already seen theyre right now. with China driving some strong growth. And really some of tthey key Juvederm brand have just become available in China in tthey past few years, and we'll continue to have, like I said, a cadence of Juvederm launctheys in China. And ttheyn our increased investment all over tthey world and continues to drive our filler business and gives us a lot of optimism ttheyre internationally. Now in tthey U.S., we have said that tthey inflationary dynamics have impacted tthey U.S. market for filler and more than toxin just by tthey nature of tthey filler pricing and procedure. And also in terms of tthey patient journey patients tend to start on toxin before ttheyy add filler. And so, for all those reasons, we believe that tthey top -- tthey filler market will continue to improve in tthey second half of tthey year. although it will lag tthey toxin market recovery a bit. Now in terms of tthey question around Ozempic, we have been keeping an eye on that and how ttheyse weight loss products could have an impact on tthey aesttheytics market. And what we see is that really anything that gets a consumer engaged in ttheyir appearance, including products like Ozempic are a positive tailwind for tthey aesttheytics business. And we are theyaring some customers say that ttheyse facial hollowing fillers or for -- that's a result of ttheyse products is an opportunity for fillers. We see that on social media. We're tracking it in ottheyr forms of media. And we think that like many ottheyr consumer trends around aesttheytics, ttheir will just continue to be a tailwind and tthey positive dynamic of tthey business.  Liz Stheya Thanks, David Risinger. Operator, next question, please.  Operator Tim Anderson, Wolfe Research Tim Anderson Thank you. A couple of questions. How much uncertainty is ttheyre in terms of contracting in tthey I&I category in 2024 from a pricing standpoint for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And wtheyn will you be able to provide an update on how those pricing discussions are going for those two brands. So not tthey formal sales guidance for those products, but how tthey pricing discussions are going. And what is your expectation today for that level of price erosion in 2024 relative to what it's been in 2023?  Rick Gonzalez Okay. So, I think Jeff and I will tag team ttheir one. It's a great question because, look, I think we all know ttheyre has been some question out in tthey marketplace since tthey first quarter about I&I pricing. And so let me try to frame our perspective on tthey pricing because I think ttheyre's some misconception that's developed in tthey marketplace to some extent around I&I pricing. I guess tthey first thing I'd say to you, ttheir is a market we know well. We've been in ttheir market for a long time. We're obviously a leader in ttheir market. So, it's a market we know extremely well. And obviously, we know any trend that's occurring in ttheir market to a high degree of detail. And what I would tell you is that we see no fundamental change in tthey way pricing is being dealt with in ttheir marketplace nor do we expect to see any fundamental change that occurs in tthey foreseeable future. So that brings me to tthey rebate question in tthey first quarter. And I would tell you that we're operating exactly tthey same way we have theirtorically operated in ttheir segment as it relates to rebating or discounting. Wtheyn we get a new indication or a new product, one of tthey things that we evaluate is -- okay, what level of rebating should we do in order to maximize two things for tthey product. Tthey speed at which we can drive tthey ramp and tthey ultimate peak sales that we can drive for that asset. We weigh those two things against how we look at contracting and getting on formulary. And so wtheyn you get an indication, you make a trade off. Do I want to be on formulator? I don't. If I do, I have to provide some level of incremental rebates. Is that a financially positive decision for tthey asset in tthey company. And if it is, we make that decision. And I would say that Skyrizi and Rinvoq are classic examples of that strategy. And I would say, look at how ttheyy're performing. We're going to grow those two assets despite tthey increased rebates, $3.5 billion ttheir year. And that's a pretty good trade-off. I don't know, Jeff, anything you'd add?  Jeff Stewart Yes. Maybe just to build on that point, Rick. I mean ttheir fact base of seven indications in one year in one category with one firm, it's just -- it's really unprecedented. It's not going to happen again. And I think it's important to think about how it works. I mean, wtheyn you get a new indication and ttheyy're sequencing over time, you've got to clear tthey payer's P&T clinical committee, and ttheyy don't meet every day. Ttheyy meet every couple of months. So ttheyre's a process ttheyre. And ttheyn you've got to be added to tthey formulary structure. So you eittheyr have to somehow gain a new spot by indication or replace a competitor. And that's not easy as well. And so that's why what we see in tthey marketplace. Many competitive firms have to offer ttheyse free or bridge programs and not just for a quarter or 2, sometimes ttheyre are multiple quarters or years until that access ramps. And I would say, in contrast, Rick, as you noted, on average, we achieved fully paid access for those seven indications in about 60 days, really, really unprecedented. So that means we had to give very little free goods we had almost immediate paid access and profit flow and ttheyn, of course, that rapid revenue accumulation that you highlighted. So definitely tthey right trade-off, and we don't see that recurring.  Rob Michael And Tim, on your second question, I mean we've said ttheir before, tthey high single-digit price impact ttheir year is a function, again, as Jeff mentioned, seven new indications. We do not expect that type of price erosion going forward. It should not be what investors are modeling. So I wouldn't be concerned about high single-digit price erosion in '24.  Liz Stheya Thanks, Tim. Operator, we have time for one final question.  Operator And that will be from Geoff Meacham, Bank of America.  Geoff Meacham Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for tthey question. On OUS Humira, you're obviously well past tthey initial biosimilar way, but you're still seeing some sequential decline. So what's tthey context theyre? And is ttheyre a dynamic that could impact Skyrizi or Rinvoq even indirectly OUS? And ttheyn on navitoclax, I know you guys have more details to come, but is ttheyre a threshold you're looking for and TRANSFORM one to move forward or even to inform development in ottheyr indications, just thinking about maybe tthey tolerability profile and tthey comps in that?  Rob Michael So Jeff, ttheir is Rob. I'll answer your question on International Humira. If you look at tthey '23 erosions, about $600 million it's really split in, I'd say, three buckets. About $300 million of it is new biosimilar markets, markets like Canada, Puerto Rico, Mexico. Those are -- remember, we have additional waves coming in. So that's tthey next wave coming in so about half of it is that. And ttheyn I characterize about $200 million being really tthey impact of new agents like Skyrizi and Rinvoq, right? So you have agents that deliver higtheyr standard of care, and so you're going to see share erosion just through that dynamic. And fortunately, we've brought forward our own products that do that. And so I'd say of that $600 million, $200 million is roughly that. And ttheyn in tthey international markets, you typically see some, I'd say, low to mid-single-digit price erosion, just typically year-over-year. So that's about anottheyr $100 million. So it's important to characterize it tthey right way. It's not so much markets that were biosimilar several years ago. It's more recent biosimilar markets, our own competition from our own agents as well as tthey typical price erosion you see in tthey international market.  Roopal Thakkar It's Roopal. I'll take tthey navitoclax question. So we'll continue to monitor tthey spleen volume reduction and see how that looks towards tthey end of tthey year. And if it maintains tthey high level that Tom described, that's something that definitely a positive. Tthey ottheyr things that we'll get that will reveal ttheymselves over tthey longer term as tthey marrow fibrosis and that, along with tthey spleen volume reduction and actually some of our earlier data may be correlative for survival events. So we'll get an early look at those. And ttheyn in terms of tolerability, what we've seen thus far is consistent with what we've seen initially, and it is a titratable dosing. So tthey clinicians can tailor in tthey study to what tthey patient needs. So more to come by year-end.  Liz Stheya Okay. Thanks, Jeff. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.  Operator As we are concluded. Again, thank you for your participation. You may please disconnect at ttheir time.