AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Vice President of Investor Relations Rick Gonzalez - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rob Michael - Vice Chairman and President Jeff Stewart - EVP, Chief Commercial Officer Scott Reents - EVP, Chief Financial Officer Carrie Strom - SVP and President of Allergan Aesttheytics Tom Hudson - SVP of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer Roopal Thakkar - SVP of Development and Regulatory Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen & Company Chris Schott - JPMorgan Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Philip Nettleton - Wolfe Research Carter Gould - Barclays Vamil Divan - Guggentheyim Securities Evan Seigerman - BMO Capital Markets Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Liz Stheya Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Allergan Aesttheytics; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is Roopal Thakkar - Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs, and Chief Medical Officer. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie's business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our Web site. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm extremely pleased with our start to 2023, with first quarter total revenues and adjusted earnings per share, both exceeding our expectations. Ttheir performance was driven by double-digit sales growth from several key products including, Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Venclexta, and Vraylar, positive momentum from our aesttheytics business, and strong results internationally, and stabilizing consumer trends in tthey U.S., and in-line performance from U.S. Humira, [or biosimilar allergen] (ph) is tracking as expected with much of tthey impact driven by price. Since our inception, we have successfully created a well-diversified portfolio with multiple growth platforms in highly attractive markets, including immunology, theymatological oncology, neuroscience, and aesttheytics. Our commercial execution, including tthey launch of new products and expanded indications, has been outstanding, especially across Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and recently with Vraylar in MDD. Each of ttheyse assets are expected to contribute significant revenue growth over tthey decade. Tthey breadth and tthey depth of our R&D pipeline also supports our long-term growth outlook, and we anticipate numerous important pipeline milestones over tthey next two years. In summary, we are one quarter into tthey U.S. biosimilar event for Humira, and are managing tthey erosion well. Most importantly, our growth platform is demonstrating strong performance, exceeding our expectations. We are executing well across all aspects of our business, and see numerous opportunities for our diverse portfolio to drive long-term growth. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our business performance. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Rick. We're off to an excellent start in 2023, with each of our five key ttheyrapeutic areas meeting or exceeding our first quarter expectations, a testament to tthey strength of our broad portfolio. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.46, which is $0.10 above our guidance midpoint. Total net revenues were $12.2 billion, approximately $400 million atheyad of our expectations. First quarter results include continued robust performance from Skyrizi and Rinvoq, which remain on track to contribute more than $11 billion in combined sales ttheir year. Growth rates in tthey first quarter for both products are consistent with our full-year expectations. Skyrizi and Rinvoq are demonstrating momentum across all approved indications. And we expect to round out ttheyir opportunities in IBD later ttheir year. Ttheir includes Rinvoq's anticipated U.S. approval in Crohn's disease, as well as Skyrizi's European launch in Crohn's and its global regulatory submission in UC. We are also performing exceptionally well in neuroscience. Total net revenues ttheir quarter were nearly $200 million above our guidance, with Vraylar sales accelerating following MDD approval and migraine delivering strong growth. As a result, we will be increasing our full-year outlook for neuroscience. Aesttheytics is also performing better than expected. We are seeing positive recovery trends in China, and some stability in tthey U.S. market wtheyre we are closely monitoring several economic indicators that correlate with aesttheytics procedures including consumer confidence, personal consumption, and Google searctheys. Although it's still early in tthey year, ttheyse positive trends, especially across our international markets, give us tthey confidence to increase our full-year outlook for aesttheytics as well. Ttheir continues to be an under-penetrated market with significant growth potential. Based on our robust performance ttheir quarter and tthey continued strong outlook for our business, we are raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.10, and now expect adjusted earnings per share between $10.72 and $11.12. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with tthey performance of our diverse portfolio. We're off to a strong start to tthey year, which furttheyr reinforces our confidence in tthey long-term outlook of tthey business. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rob. I'm very pleased with tthey strong commercial execution across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio. Immunology delivered total revenues of approximately $5.6 billion, with continued robust double-digit growth from Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Skyrizi global sales were nearly $1.4 billion, reflecting operational growth of more than 46% despite retail inventory destocking in tthey quarter. Skyrizi is tthey clear market leader in tthey U.S. biologic psoriasis market, with a total prescription share now at 30%. In psoriasis, Skyrizi has set a very high bar relative to ottheyr ttheyrapies on tthey market or in development, with differentiated attributes across tthey categories that physicians and patients deem most important. Ttheir includes tthey rapid onset of action after tthey first dose, nearly complete skin clearance with multifold higtheyr rates on PASI 90 and PASI 100; high durability of response, which we have demonstrated can increase over time, as well as quarterly dosing for maintenance ttheyrapy, a convenient alternative to daily oral or more frequently administered injectables. With a nearly 50% U.S. in-play share of new and switching patients, ttheyre is substantial room for Skyrizi's continued growth in psoriasis. Ttheir best-in-class profile is supporting strong momentum now in psoriatic arthritis with Skyrizi achieving an in-play biologic share of roughly 20% in tthey U.S. dermatology segment. Skyrizi is also been co-positioned with Rinvoq in tthey U.S. rtheyum segment in PsA wtheyre we are seeing increasing utilization among rtheyumatologists as well. Globally, Skyrizi has achieved in-play psoriatic disease leadership in more than 25 countries. And, total market share leadership in nearly 20 of those key markets. In Crohn's disease, we are seeing very fast adoption of Skyrizi in tthey U.S. with a total in-play patient share at approximately 20%, second only to Stelara. Feedback from gastroenterologist is very positive, especially as it relates to Skyrizi's novel dosing and overall clinical profile. We see strong uptake in Japan and Canada as well with tthey European launch forthcoming. We also recently reported strong induction data for Skyrizi in ulcerative colitis, which Tom will discuss momentarily. Based on tthey results of that trial, it is increasingly clear that Skyrizi represents a differentiated asset across inflammatory bowel disease. And, we look forward to bringing ttheir potential new indication to physicians and patients next year. Turning now to Rinvoq, which delivered global sales of $686 million, reflecting operational growth of more than 50% despite similar retail inventory destocking in tthey quarter. I am very pleased with tthey performance in rtheyumatology with total prescriptions increasing across each of tthey four approved indications. Atopic dermatitis is also tracking in line with our expectations. We continue to see market share momentum globally including in-play patient share increasing to approximately 17% in tthey U.S. We are very excited about tthey growth potential in gastroenterology. Rinvoq has set a high bar for efficacy in both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, demonstrating strong rates of remission and endoscopic improvement. We are seeing very strong momentum in UC wtheyre adoption has been robust. Rinvoq is now achieving a 23% in-play share in tthey U.S. second-line plus setting, reflecting an impressive ramp since our launch in UC less than one year ago. Ttheir accelerated adoption among gastroenterologist is very encouraging for Rinvoq's pending outlook in Crohn's. We are currently launching ttheir indication in tthey E.U., a geography wtheyre Rinvoq is tthey only JAK approved to treat both IBD conditions. And, we remain on track for CD approval and commercialization in tthey U.S. later in ttheir quarter with broad formulary access anticipated to ramp quickly over tthey back half of ttheir year. Though we see inflammatory bowel disease continues to be an area of high unmet need, having two novel ttheyrapies in IBD with Skyrizi and Rinvoq that each delivered differentiated levels of efficacy is an important step forward for patients. And with ttheyse two complementary assets, we are very well positioned to compete against ottheyr oral or biological agents. Global Humira sales were approximately $3.5 billion, down 24.3% on an operational basis due to biosimilar competition. Erosion in tthey U.S. remains in line with our expectations with most of tthey impact driven by price. Turning now to Hematologic Oncology wtheyre total revenues were $1.4 billion with continued pressure on Imbruvica partially offset by robust double digit growth with Venclexta. Imbruvica global revenues were $878 million, down 25.2% due to increasing competition and tthey cumulative impact of a suppressed market. Venclexta global sales were $538 million, up 17.5% on an operational basis with strong momentum across both AML and CLL. In Neuroscience, revenues were approximately $1.7 billion, up 15% on an operational basis. Vraylar is performing exceptionally well. Sales of $561 million were up 31.3% on an operational basis, above our expectations. We are very pleased with tthey AMDD label and tthey launch, which has resulted in a significant uplift in total new prescriptions for Vraylar. With a dedicated sales force that calls on both psychiatrists and primary care, as well as ramping DTC promotion, we see an opportunity for accelerated growth across all approved indications, and we will be raising our full-year guidance for Vraylar accordingly. Within migraine, we remain uniquely positioned with a portfolio to support complete migraine freedom. Our leading oral CGRP ttheyrapies contributed $218 million in combined sales ttheir quarter, reflecting growth of more than 45% as we continue to see strong prescription demand for both Ubrelvy and QULIPTA. We recently expanded tthey label for QULIPTA, which is now uniquely positioned as tthey only oral CGRP available as a preventative treatment for patients with both chronic and episodic migraine, furttheyr strengttheyning our competitive profile. Lastly, total BOTOX Ttheyrapeutic sales were $719 million, reflecting strong performance in chronic migraine as well as ottheyr approved indications. Though overall, I'm extremely pleased with tthey performance across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Carrie for additional comments on aesttheytics, Carrie? Carrie Strom Thank you, Jeff. First quarter global aesttheytic sales were approximately $1.3 billion, which came in atheyad of our guidance, primarily due to a faster reopening in China as well as a slightly stronger economy in tthey U.S. versus our planning assumptions. In tthey U.S. Aesttheytic sales were $777 million, down 8.1%, as we continue to see softness in aesttheytic procedures related to inflationary dynamics. As a reminder, we saw very robust performance for our U.S. performance in tthey first quarter of 2022, which created a difficult comparison for growth in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. U.S. Botox cosmetic sales were $409 million down slightly on a year-over-year basis. We continue to see a lesser impact from inflationary dynamics on BOTOX cosmetic compared to ottheyr areas of our aesttheytic portfolio due to its relatively lower price point and large installed base of loyal repeat consumers. Tthey U.S. cosmetic toxin market was down low single-digits in tthey first quarter on a year-over-year basis. BOTOX cosmetic continues to be tthey clear market leader and its share of tthey U.S. toxin market remains stable. Sales for our U.S. Juvederm collection were down 18% as our dermal filler portfolio continues to be impacted by inflationary pressure on consumer spending. Tthey U.S. filler market was down nearly 20% in tthey quarter on a year-over-year basis due to tthey persistent inflationary environment. Our Juvederm collection remains tthey clear market leader and share was stable in tthey quarter. Tthey economic pressure on our U.S. dermal filler business is partially offset in tthey quarter by strong initial uptake for our recently launctheyd VOLUX filler, which is approved for tthey improvement of jawline definition. We expect VOLUX combined with tthey upcoming launch of our skin quality injectable Skin Vive to support long-term growth for our filler portfolio in tthey U.S. While tthey aesttheytics category in tthey U.S. continues to be challenged due to tthey soft economy, tthey key external economic metrics that we track have remained relatively consistent with year-end 2022 levels. Our international aesttheytics portfolio continues to demonstrate robust growth with strong performance in Japan, which is rapidly growing, and China, which is recovering faster than expected. Sales from our international aesttheytics portfolio were $523 million up 7.8% on an operational basis. International BOTOX cosmetic sales grew approximately 17.5% operationally and international Juvederm sales were down approximately 1.4% on an operational basis. China, which is our second largest market was negatively impacted by COVID in January and February but experienced a sharp recovery in March. We expect ttheir level of activity to be sustained throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. Recall our original guidance assumed we would not reach a full recovery until tthey second-half of ttheir year. And in Japan, which is an underdeveloped market, improving to be very responsive to promotion, we continue to make significant investment in injector training, our field force and consumer education. Overall, we are pleased with how our team has been executing through ttheir dynamic environment and remain encouraged by improving trends internationally and stabilization across our U.S. portfolio. Ttheyse positive trends and continued strong momentum give us tthey confidence to increase tthey full-year outlook for our aesttheytics business. Longer term, we remain extremely confident in our ability to grow tthey aesttheytics business and continue to expect to achieve total sales of more than $9 billion by tthey end of ttheir decade. Aesttheytics continues to be an extremely attractive underpenetrated market, and our proven ability to drive consumer demand and develop a strong base of loyal customers, as well as bring innovative new products to tthey market, will support robust growth over tthey long-term. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Hudson Thank you, Carrie. We've continued to make very good progress with our pipeline to start ttheir year. In immunology, we recently received European approval for Rinvoq in Crohn's disease, making it tthey first JAK inhibitor approved for ttheir indication. We continue to anticipate FDA approval for Rinvoq and Crohn's disease next month. We also recently announced positive top line results from our Phase 3 induction study for Skyrizi in ulcerative colitis, which is a disease with unpredictable symptoms and frequent players making it challenging to manage. In our study, Skyrizi met tthey primary and all secondary endpoints, demonstrating a very strong impact on tthey disease as measured by clinical remission, clinical response, and endoscopic improvement. We're particularly pleased with Skyrizi's impressive performance on tthey more stringent measures in ttheir trial, with approximately 37% of Skyrizi treated patients achieving endoscopic improvement compared to 12% of patients on placebo. Ttheir level of efficacy has tthey potential to position Skyrizi as a highly effective ttheyrapy. And we believe it will be a welcome new treatment option for physicians and patients once approved. Detailed data from ttheir induction study will be presented at a forthcoming medical meeting. We expect to see data from tthey Phase 3 maintenance study in tthey second quarter, with our regulatory submissions planned for tthey second-half of tthey year. In oncology, we continue to make good progress across all stages of our theymatology and solid tumor pipelines. We remain on track for several important regulatory and clinical milestones ttheir year, including regulatory approval for Epcoritamab in relapsed refractory large B cell lymphoma. Phase 3 data from VENCLEXTA CANOVA trial in relapsed refractory multiple myeloma patients with a T11,14 mutation and Navitoclax's TRANSFORM-1 trial in frontline myelofibrosis. And Phase 2 data for Teliso-V in second line plus advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer, which has tthey potential to support a regulatory submission for accelerated approval. We're also beginning to see very encouraging data for our next generation CMAT ADC, which uses a more potent topo payload than our Teliso-V ADC. Based on tthey data, we've seen to date for ABBV-400 in our Phase 1 solid tumor Basket study, we plan to expand tthey program to earlier lines in colorectal cancer, as well as evaluate in ottheyr tumors wtheyre CMAT is expressed, including pancreatic and liver cancer. Moving to our Neuroscience pipeline, wtheyre we've recently received FDA approval for QULIPTA as a preventive treatment for patients with chronic migraine making it tthey only oral CGRP antagonist approved for prevention of both episodic and chronic migraine. In our Phase 3 study, QULIPTA provided a significant reduction in migraine days as well as significant improvements in function and quality of life in patients with chronic migraine, a common and debilitating disease. As a highly effective oral treatment option, we believe QULIPTA will be well positioned in tthey chronic migraine prevention market. In Europe, we continue to anticipate an approval decision in tthey third quarter for Atogepant as a preventive treatment for patients with both chronic and episodic migraine. Turning now to ABBV-951, we announced that we received a complete response letter for our regulatory application in tthey U.S. Tthey FDA has not asked for additional efficacy or safety studies related to our drug device delivery system, but rattheyr ttheyy have requested additional information regarding tthey pump as well as updates to instruction for use. We are working to generate tthey necessary information, and we expect to respond to tthey CRL later ttheir year, with a nifty action anticipated in tthey first-half of '24. In international markets, we have recently received approval for 951 in Japan, and we continue to expect approval in Europe in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. In our early stage neuroscience pipeline, we recently began Phase 1 studies of our selective D3 dopamine receptor agonist ABBV-932. Our experience with Vraylar, as highlighted, is our potential clinical benefit of achieving D3 selectivity, and we believe that a compound that more selectively engages with D3 dopamine receptor has tthey potential to provide enhanced efficacy. Our program will initially focus on general anxiety disorder, with tthey potential to expand to ottheyr new psychiatric disorders. Tthey programs under our collaboration with Calico are also progressing well. We now have four assets in clinical trials, including two PTPN2 inhibitors in Phase 1 in oncology, our eIF2B activator for neuro degenerative diseases, and an IGF1 signaling pathway modulator that will be explored in ageing-related diseases. Our most advanced program is tthey eIF2B activator 7262. Tthey first patient was recently enrolled in tthey HEALEY ALS platform trial, a Phase 2-3 study conducted by tthey Healey Center for ALS at Mass General. Ttheir trial is designed to evaluate multiple ttheyrapies simultaneously with tthey goal to accelerate tthey development of potential break-through treatments for ALS. Now, I would like to provide a brief update on two earlier stage programs in our ttheyrapeutic pipeline. In cystic fibrosis, we recently analyzed data from an ongoing proof-of-concept study evaluating our triple combination ttheyrapy. Tthey results from ttheir interim analysis did not meet our criteria for advancing, and we are discontinuing our cystic fibrosis program. We also recently reviewed interim data from our exploratory studies for ABBV-154 in PMR in Crohn's disease. Similar to results from tthey RA study, while we observe efficacy with 154, we also observed some changes in biomarkers that are consistent with systemic steroid exposure at tthey higtheyr doses. Tthey benefit risk profile does not sufficiently differentiate 154 from ottheyr available treatments. Based on tthey totality of tthey data across RA, PMR and Crohn's disease studies, we will not be pursuing for tthey development of ttheir asset. Now, moving to our aesttheytic pipeline, we recently saw data from our Phase 3 studies for Botox in platysma prominence and masseter muscle prominence. In our study for prominent neck muscles, Botox met all primary and secondary endpoints, demonstrating a significant reduction in tthey unwanted appearance of platysma prominence on tthey neck and jaw lines. Ttheir was tthey first of three Phase 3 studies in platysma prominence with data from tthey two remaining trials expected in tthey second-half of tthey year, followed by regulatory submission in tthey U.S. near tthey end of 2023. Botox also performed very well in our study for prominent masseter muscle, meeting tthey primary and all secondary endpoints in tthey trial. Our program is initially focused on China and ottheyr Asian markets, as masseter prominence is common in Asian populations, and ttheyre is significant unmet need for minimally-invasive treatment options. Based on tthey results from ttheir trial, we expect to submit our regulatory application in China in tthey second-half of tthey year. Once approved, we anticipate high demand for Botox in ttheir novel indication, which will theylp to furttheyr build our portfolio in lower phase segment. So, in summary, we continue to demonstrate significant progress across all stages of our pipeline, and anticipate numerous important regulatory and clinical milestones throughout tthey remainder of 2023. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Reents Thank you, Tom. I will discuss our most recent financial results and guidance. Starting with our first quarter results, we delivered strong top and bottom line performance. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.46, which is $0.10 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheyse results included $0.08 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $12.2 billion, $400 million atheyad of our guidance and down 8.3% on an operational basis excluding a 1.4% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 45% of sales. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 84.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investments of 13.6% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.2% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 24.4% of sales. Net interest expense was $454 million. Tthey adjusted tax rate was 13.7%. Turning to our financial outlook, we are raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $10.72 and $11.12. Ttheir earning per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond tthey first quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $52.4 billion, an increase of $400 million. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on full-year sales growth. Ttheir guidance includes tthey following updated assumptions. We now expect Vraylar sales of approximately $2.7 billion, an increase of $200 million, reflecting tthey strong prescription growth following tthey MDD approval. And for aesttheytics, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.3 billion, reflecting tthey better-than-expected recovery in China and stable economic trends in tthey U.S. Turning to tthey second quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $13.5 billion, which includes U.S. Humira erosion of 27%. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.6% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of 48.5% of sales. We are modeling a non-GAAP tax rate of 15.4%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.90 and $3.00. Ttheir guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in tthey quarter. In closing, we are off to an excellent start to tthey year, with strong performance across tthey portfolio and financial results atheyad of our expectations. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Scott. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Terence Flynn Great, thanks so much for taking tthey question, maybe two for me. Just on immunology, can you quantify tthey amount of destocking for both Skyrizi and Rinvoq in tthey quarter? I think Biogen, on ttheyir call, spoke to some tighter working capital requirements at wholesalers due to rising interest rates. So, just wondering if you're seeing something similar theyre, and just to want to be sure that's not a pricing dynamic? And ttheyn, can you elaborate at all about your ALS program, wtheyn we might see some data ttheyre? Thank you. Rob Michael Hi, Terence, ttheir is Rob. So, on tthey retain inventory destocking, we do typically see ttheir in tthey first quarter, so it wasn't a complete surprise. In fact, it was factored into our guidance. We did beat our guidance in immunology for tthey quarter. Tthey impact was high single digits, both for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. In terms of absolute value, you're talking about around $70 million for Skyrizi and $30 million for Rinvoq. Jeff Stewart And it's Jeff. Just to clarify on your wholesale comment, I think as Rob highlighted, it's in tthey retail, so it's in tthey specialty pharmacy channel. And you'll recall, as you know, ttheyre's about 18 specialty pharmacies that basically distribute tthey I&I products, and ttheyre's some big ones ttheyre. So, it was not a wholesaler dynamic, it was a retail inventory dynamic which, again, as ttheyse products get bigger we do see and contemplate in our projections. Rob Michael And ttheyn Terence, ttheir is Rob. Just to more broadly answer tthey question that I'm sure many investors have, if you look at tthey growth in tthey quarter, so overall U.S. demand was up just north of 60% for Rinvoq and Skyrizi. We saw very strong performance across all approved indications, as Jeff highlighted. We did have tthey two partial offsets, one being tthey retail inventory destock, which I've already quantified. And ttheyn price was down high single digits, and that's really driven by rebate increases, which is typical wtheyn you see tthey type of volume increase. And we saw Skyrizi sales up 80% last year, Rinvoq in tthey U.S. up 40% last year. So, wtheyn you see that kind of volume growth, and couple that with tthey number of indications we had approved, we had five new indications for Rinvoq and two for Skyrizi. So, it was something we were contemplating. It was factored into our guidance, but I don't know that tthey street fully appreciated that in terms of tthey first quarter estimates that were put out ttheyre. Tom Hudson And ttheir is Tom for tthey ALS question, I'd say about two years, we had to recruit tthey patients, and ttheyre's about a year of follow-up that is needed. So, I would say late-'24, early-'25, all depends on tthey enrollment, which I understand is starting off on a good pace. Liz Stheya Thanks, Terence. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Scala with Cowen. Your line is open. Steve Scala Thank you. A couple of questions, some of your peers have called out copay resets early in tthey year that have led to more modest performances in products such as Dupixent and Cosentyx. AbbVie has been less vocal on ttheir point. How much was that a factor or are Skyrizi and Rinvoq different in some way? And ttheyn secondly, despite tthey solid performance in Q1, tthey EPS guidance range continues to be very wide. What factors would have to play out for you to hit tthey high end of that and tthey low end of that? Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes, hi, Steve, it's Jeff. And thanks for tthey question. I'll take tthey copay one. Look, I mean some of tthey peers are seeing tthey effects of tthey so-called maximizer programs or even some of tthey lingering accumulator programs which do sometimes, as benefit designs are reset in tthey first quarter, can apply some pressure. We don't see that. We've been managing that very tightly. And we're not seeing any significant surge or creep in terms of that dynamic. Tthey dynamic is exactly what Rob had highlighted, which is tthey modest price based on tthey number of indications and how fast tthey volume is moving, and ttheir destocking event that we talked through. So, copay is very stable for AbbVie. Rob Michael And Steve, ttheir is Rob, on your EPS range question. We've typically given a $0.20 range, ttheir year we gave a $0.40 range. And tthey key driver of that is, obviously, tthey U.S. Humira dynamics. As we see that play out, particularly in tthey second-half, we would typically tighten that range. Now, keep in mind, that $0.20 wider range represents about 1% of U.S. Humira growth, so it's not as wide as you might think, but we did widen it given tthey dynamics with U.S. Humira. And I think we'll be able to give you more color as we see those 7-9 biosimilars coming in tthey market in tthey middle of tthey year, we'll have more clarity for you on tthey second quarter call. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Steve. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Schott Great, thanks so much. Just coming back to Skyrizi and Rinvoq, I think you mentioned high single-digit price erosion beyond just those inventory changes. Is that a reasonable assumption to think about price as we progress through tthey rest of ttheir year? And ttheyn maybe longer-term, should we think about that level of price erosion as more like a one-time issue ttheir year given all tthey new indications, and ttheyn a more stable trend going forward? I'm just trying to get my hands around tthey pricing a little bit more. And my second question was on tthey aesttheytics business, you obviously saw a very strong 1Q. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on your confidence in tthey sustainability of ttheyse trends? I know tthey market has been a little bit bumpy, but it seems like tthey tone is that you're encouraged by tthey trends you're seeing, but just how much visibility you have in terms of sustainability of those favorable international trends we're seeing right now? Thank you. Rob Michael Chris, ttheir is Rob. So, on your question on price, yes, tthey way to think about 2023 price for tthey year for Skyrizi and Rinvoq would be down high single digits. Now, we wouldn't expect high single digits to be tthey rate going forward given a big driver was tthey number of new indications that we launctheyd. So, I would expect that to moderate over time. Carrie Strom Hi, ttheir is Carrie. In terms of your questions around tthey aesttheytics market, ttheyre are two key assumptions for tthey 2023 planning. One was around tthey U.S. economy, and tthey ottheyr was around tthey recovery in China. Wtheyn you think about tthey U.S. economy, we look at Q1 and we see some favorability to our planning assumptions with tthey metrics that we track, which Rob mentioned include real personal consumption expenditure and Google. So, in January and February, we saw favorability ttheyre, although in March ttheyre are some potential signs of softening. So, we continue to have a cautious outlook for our U.S. business for tthey rest of tthey year. Tthey way to think about market growth for tthey full-year would be, for toxins, tthey market would be down low-to-mid single digits until we lap tthey 2022 downturn, which happened around May. And ttheyn after that, we would expect flat market growth for tthey rest of tthey year. So, that's how we think about tthey U.S. Our ottheyr or second biggest market is China. And recall we had assumed that tthey aesttheytics market in China would not fully recovery until tthey second-half of tthey year. Well, in actuality, what we saw was although January was significantly impacted, in February, we started to see improvement, and in March, ttheyre was a really steep recovery that we do expect will sustain through tthey rest of tthey year. And in ottheyr markets around tthey world, I guess in Canada and U.K., we are seeing some high inflation impacting consumer demand, but tthey rest of Europe seems stable right now. Liz Stheya Thank you, Chris. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Mohit Bansal Great, thanks for taking my question. I have one clarification and one question. So, clarification is, regarding tthey price decline for I&I, you said that high single-digit, but should we assume, going forward, year-over-year -- versus volumes, should we assume high single-digit declines still going forward for, at least, for rest of tthey quarter, and ttheyn more stable pricing quarter-over-quarter term, just that clarification. And tthey question is, regarding your I&I pipeline, so you have a leadership position with Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and ttheyy are growing. But some of tthey pipeline products, like 154 and 157 did not pan out as you were hoping ttheym to. So, how should we think about tthey pipeline strategy beyond ttheyse two products? And can you even do M&A given ttheir increased FTC scrutiny nowadays? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez So, ttheir is Rick. I'll cover number two, and maybe just touch on number one. If you think about our pipeline, obviously as we look at Skyrizi and Rinvoq, ttheyy clearly have restated tthey immunology market across most of tthey segments that we operate in. We view those assets as being able to drive strong growth through tthey early part of tthey next decade. Having said that, we're continuing to look for assets in areas wtheyre we believe ttheyre is still a significant opportunity to restate standard of care. And we obviously explore, as everyone in ttheir industry does, many different assets and different mechanisms to try to find those kinds of mechanisms that will deliver that kind of performance. It's interesting, wtheyn you look at tthey 154 platform it did exactly what we thought it would do from tthey standpoint of efficacy. But it did it in a way only at tthey higtheyst dose, and at that higtheyst dose we did see it -- some effects of steroids on some of tthey biomarkers. And based on tthey way we think regulators would look at a label for those kinds of products, we didn't believe that would be a competitive profile. But tthey hypottheysis certainly worked around tthey mechanism. So, we continue to look for opportunities. We have lots of runway theyre to be able to get to those, but we do desire to find some additional mechanisms that will be follow-on products that should be introduced, hopefully, near tthey end of ttheir decade or early into tthey next decade as tthey next-generation immunology assets for AbbVie. And I feel good about tthey progress that we're making ttheyre. We're continuing to explore a number of ottheyr areas. And we're continuing to look, both internally and externally, at different assets that we can bring into tthey company to be able to do that. To your question of being able to bring assets into ttheir market, we don't believe that we would be encumbered because immunology is a very crowded space from a competitive standpoint. And that's one of tthey most important criteria that you look at from an FTC standpoint. So, we believe we have freedom to operate across most of those segments from an FTC standpoint as well. And on price, maybe Rob and I will tag-team ttheir one to make sure it's clear. It is common that wtheyn you go out and you add indications in ttheir industry, that wtheyn you negotiate those contracts to be able to get access, it does require some level of price concession. I would say we're on tthey lower end of what you typically would have seen with tthey speed at which we got access for Skyrizi and Rinvoq for those indications and tthey breadth of that access. And so, you certainly would expect ttheir year and last year to be tthey areas wtheyre you saw tthey most significant amount of price, because those are tthey years that we added tthey majority of tthey indications, you would expect that to moderate. So ttheyn going forward, tthey way to think about it is, ttheyn it's only really driven by volume at that point. And volume typically requires much more modest kinds of price as you go forward. It's not zero price. You shouldn't have that expectation. But I would not have an expectation of high single-digits going forward. Anything you’d add, Rob. Rob Michael Just to answer tthey question, Mohit on tthey gating. Yes, I think it's safe to assume that you'll see high single-digit price in each of tthey quarters ttheir year. Mohit Bansal Helpful, thank you. Liz Stheya Thank you, Mohit. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Philip Nettleton Hi, thank you for taking our questions. Ttheir is Philip Nettleton on for Tim Anderson. So, a question on PBMs, which are under renewed scrutiny. If ttheyre were material changes to tthey rebating structure currently in place, would that put big incumbent products at risk because it might remove tthey so called rebate wall? And more generally, do you think ttheyre is any chance of some of tthey proposed legislative changes actually becoming law? And ttheyn secondly, any collateral impact you're seeing on Skyrizi or Rinvoq since Humira biosimilars have launctheyd? Given tthey overlapping indications, do you think that you'll start to see some picking off of patients from those two brands to biosimilars in tthey second-half of tthey year? Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes, hi, it's Jeff. I'll give some comment on that. I think tthey way that we think about our brands is tthey first place that we look at is how distinctive ttheyy are. I mean, we've got four theyad-to-theyad trials with Skyrizi and anottheyr one on tthey way wtheyre we can clearly differentiate tthey product and we have many as well on Rinvoq. So, we've really thought about it from a development standpoint, and I would say tthey perspective if somehow ttheyre was a restructuring of tthey PDMs, which I don't think, is imminent. And tthey rebate sort of approach disappeared. It disappears for everybody. I mean, all of ttheyse INI products have a fairly reasonable rebate load and ttheyre'd be a different basis of competition which we would do very, very well. So, we're not concerned about sort of a fundamental structural change relative to ttheyse two products which are very distinctive. If we look at your second part of your question, which is it's really tthey same answer, which is we don't see that ttheyre are going to be significant impacts of Humira biosimilars on tthey performance of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And one perspective let's take Rinvoq is sort of a very simple way of thinking about it. It's already in tthey United States step behind TNF, and it's performing at that level because you see such expansion of second and third lines in that space and Skyrizi is very, very distinctive. So, no, in tthey second-half we do not anticipate sort of a knock on effect of tthey emergent biosimilars to our two core brands. Liz Stheya Thanks, Philip. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Gould with Barclays. Your line is open. Carter Gould Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe a different spin on sort of tthey BE question ttheyre just given sort of tthey volatility in tthey marketplace as you kind of have those conversations or engage with potential targets. Just if you've seen a shift in sort of that bid ask spread and tthey willingness of boards and management to consider deals, any updates on that front would be theylpful. Rick Gonzalez Ttheir is Rick. I'd say tthey environment hasn't changed materially in tthey last 24 months from my perspective. I still think it's certainly more difficult to raise money for biotech companies. So, it probably makes ttheym a bit more willing to engage with players like us or engage in a process if ttheyy're at a point wtheyre ttheyy've generated data that makes ttheym attractive. But I'd say tthey interest level in that engagement is similar to what it has been for tthey last 12 to 24 months. And ttheyre's a lot of opportunity to be able to find assets that are in tthey biotech area. Tthey question is you have to find tthey right kind of asset and you have to find one that's attractive and it meets your needs. But I'd say being able to negotiate a transaction I think is a reasonable probability. I'd say, prices are still relatively high and so valuations for good assets tend to go at a pretty high level. So, again, it's got to be an asset that can demonstrate that it's going to provide significant value to justify that kind of a valuation and a return. But we continue to look for opportunities. And I think as we find those kinds of opportunities, as I said in tthey past, we're certainly going to pursue ttheym. Liz Stheya Thanks, Carter. Operator next question, please. Operator Our next question comes from Vamil Divan with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is open. Vamil Divan Great, thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe a couple from me as well, so one, just a couple of data points you have coming up ttheir year that I think may be a little bit less focused on is Navitoclax and Teliso-V. So, maybe you can just sort of frame so what we should be looking for, what your expectations are, what you're hoping to see from those assets, especially Teliso-V given your comments on tthey next gen ABBV-400. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question, I guess, would be for Rick more on succession planning. And we mentioned before that your plans to stick around through tthey Humira bench. I'm just wondering if you have any sort of updated thoughts around timing on that now that we're in tthey middle of ttheir process. We've been getting some questions ttheyre, too. Is ttheir something we should expect some sort of announcement ttheir year, or is it more you're looking for 2024 or later? Thank you. Roopal Thakkar Hi, it's Roopal. I'll take tthey ones on Navitoclax and Teliso-V. So, for Navitoclax, it's tthey combination with tthey JAK-2 and myelofibrosis. And ttheyre we're looking to be better than monottheyrapy with a JAK-2 in that space and improving spleen size and symptoms like abdominal pain, fullness, fever, fatigue. And also, perhaps uniquely, what we've observed is also an improvement in bone marrow fibrosis and a decrease in variant allelic frequency. So, that's what we would be looking for. And we should get readout by mid-year or so. For Teliso-V in lung cancer, EGFR wild type with high CMAT, and that's tthey indication wtheyre we have Breakthrough Ttheyrapy designation. Around tthey end of ttheir year, I would say that's wtheyre we would see a readout. What we've seen in earlier data cuts is in ORR above 50%, which is quite a bit higtheyr than what would be expected in standard of care in that second, third line setting. And if tthey data looks strong, ttheyre's a potential that we could submit next year for an accelerated approval. Rick Gonzalez I'll take tthey second question, and maybe I'll make a little bit of a comment on Teliso-V, because I think you mentioned 400. I think tthey early data that we're seeing in 400 is impressive to us, ttheyre's no question about it. And I think we're going to have some data presented at ttheir ASCO right wtheyre you'll have an opportunity to see that in CRC. Now, having said that, Teliso-V, as Roopal said, does get very good responses in CMAT highs. But to get a broader set of CMAT population, we do believe you need to move to tthey topo wartheyad. It seems to give deeper responses and more durable responses. That data has to play out over time, but it appears to be a very good platform for CMAT. And so we need tthey data to mature and we need to develop more data in that area. But I'd say tthey early data is pretty encouraging and you'll have a chance to see a snippet of that at ttheir ASCO. As far as leadership changes, I'd say it's similar to what we said in eittheyr first quarter or fourth quarter, I can't recall last year around succession. We obviously have a process in place, we have very experienced board. I've had many, many discussions with tthey board about succession. Tthey board knows I'm committed to be theyre to ensure a successful and smooth transition. Tthey criteria that we're operating against are we need to completely get through tthey transition for Humira biosimilars theyre in tthey U.S. I'd say so far, I'm pretty pleased with how tthey transition is going and I'm even more pleased with tthey way tthey growth platform is operating right now. And in fact, if you look at it ttheir year, tthey growth platform is going to deliver mid-single-digits and is going to do it despite tthey theyadwinds that we see on Imbruvica, and tthey theyadwinds that we're seeing from tthey economy on aesttheytics. Once tthey aesttheytics business returns to its normal growth rates and much of tthey pressure on Imbruvica starts to subside, we should see that growth rate increase significantly as we move into '24 for tthey growth platform. And obviously, returning to robust growth in '25 and deliver high single digit from that point forward. So, that's tthey expectation that we are working against. So, we want to make sure that tthey business is operating tthey way we want it to. We want to make sure that we prove tthey biosimilar erosion to a point that we believe it is predictable. And ttheyn, obviously tthey second part of tthey criteria is ensuring that tthey candidate that will succeed me is ready to do that to make a successful transition. I have also told tthey Board that I am willing to stay in any capacity that ttheyy would desire for whatever length ttheyy would. I think tthey expectation right now is that I would assume tthey Executive Chairman role for a period of time to finish tthey transition to tthey new CEO. You should not be expecting that that transition is going to occur in '23. Liz Stheya Thanks, Vamil. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Evan Seigerman Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. Just on kind of Skyrizi some of tthey dynamics you are seeing ttheyre, can you characterize about kind of how you are thinking about furttheyr penetration in tthey psoriasis indication? Kind of some puts and takes in tthey dermatology market? And just a follow-up on tthey CF programs, is it safe to assume that you are totally done investing in ttheir area? Or, do you have ottheyr assets kind of in earlier development that could emerge? Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. I'll take your comment on psoriasis. I think that as I mentioned, tthey share is very, very impressive. So, we have 30% total market share now, which is really putting significant theyadroom against any ottheyr drug in that category by a lot. And, one way to think about it is -- I think what you are asking is how much furttheyr can it run, and it can run quite a bit furttheyr to some degree if you think about it. So, we are capturing on tthey dynamic share roughly 50%, so, one of out of every two patients. And our market share is about 30. So, ttheyoretically over time, right?, unless ttheyre is some disruption which we don't see significant disruption in tthey market, your total market share is going to move towards that in-play share. Now, that takes many many years. But, as we look at tthey fundamental momentum that we can achieve, it's still very very significant. Add on to that, that basically we are still in tthey rest of tthey world starting to really see tthey PsA ramp -- and remember PsA has a very significant impact because it's treated by derms in what is sort of last remaining gap that we had, so you are going to see continued momentum in tthey international markets and tthey U.S. market. And, we have a long way to run. And I would be remiss if I didn't say how fast again that we're growing in both Crohn's right now and very exciting data in UC. And, that market is very very dynamic. So, we feel very secured in our ability to continue to create a lot of value with Skyrizi. Tom Hudson All right, ttheir is Tom. Regarding your question on our triplet program, we are C2 corrector that we just tested, did not work. Ttheir was not our first attempt that producing one. And we do not have anottheyr backup. So, we don't have ottheyr options than to discontinue tthey CF program. Evan Seigerman Great, thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Evan. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from [Chong Wang] (ph) with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is [Carson] (ph) on for Chong. Thanks for question. Just on Imbruvica, how confident are you for tthey 5.7% theym-onc guide given tthey significant competitive pressure ttheyre? I mean I understand Imbruvica did particularly have like U.S. until late January. What level of pricing pressure can we expect through tthey year, and if ttheyre is a potential for furttheyr step down in your guide for later in tthey year? And if you do that, could Imbruvica be puttheyyd out given tthey delay with 951 as well? Thanks. Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. And I think we think that's a very good call. And just as a reminder, we are not seeing significant pricing pressure in tthey market. Ttheir is really two effects, which is one tthey cumulative effect as we've highlighted over tthey suppressed market over time, which looks to be normalizing. Actually for tthey first time in three years, we actually saw a positive growth in tthey market. So, that's encouraging. Tthey big driver is tthey share -- is tthey new patient share which has been under pressure. Initially under pressure by Calico, certainly from our own Venclexta, and ttheyn tthey recent [Bukimso] (ph) launch. And so, wtheyn we put all of that into tthey calculus, we think we got it right, and it's probably unlikely that we're going to see any significant step-down that would put that in jeopardy. Rob Michael Carson, ttheir is Rob. I'll answer your second question. So, I wouldn't consider Imbruvica-951 to be variables that would push tthey trough out. It's really more about how tthey overall year plays out, particularly tthey second-half with U.S. Humira. So, if U.S. Humira does better and we outperform in '23, ttheyn we could see tthey trough in '24. A point to keep in mind is, regardless of wtheyn tthey trough occurs we wouldn't expect earnings to fall below tthey 1074 XIPRD. That's really what I would focus on. We don't consider Imbruvica-951 delay to be variables that would push that trough. Liz Stheya Thanks, Carson. We are cognizant of a number of peers reporting today. And so, in tthey interest of time we have time for one last question. Operator Our last question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is Ryan on for Geoff Meacham. We had a follow-up on Imbruvica. Do you guys expect any changes to outlook following MCL/MDL withdrawal? And ttheyn, do you expect any read-through to follicular lymphoma from that withdrawal? Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. Thank you for tthey question. First, ttheyse are very small indications. So, to give you some sense of tthey relative size for Imbruvica, MCL is about 4% of tthey value, MDL is really less than a percent about our percent. So, we don't anticipate that those withdrawals due to tthey fact that we didn't get tthey confirmatory studies to clear, we will have a material impact. I think it's also important to note that many physicians will continue ttheyse patients on tthey medication. Ttheyy won't be all switctheyd, for example, or taken off and put on anottheyr product. That's tthey market intelligence. Ttheyre is no requirement that ttheyy need to do that for tthey physicians. And so, net-net, ttheir is not a really material issue, given tthey size of those indications. And I think Roopal will address your point on follicular. Roopal Thakkar Yes, I can take about FL theyre for a minute. So, a Phase 3 readout is expected later ttheir year. It's not clear if tthey MCL outcomes would be reflected in what we see ttheyre. But what I would say about FL is, you know, our focus would be with Epcoritamab, or dual engager, which we expect DL BCL actions theyre soon, and ttheyn we have programs, and we are seeing very high levels of response in FL with Epco eittheyr as monottheyrapy or in combinations, which we will see some data in those combos in DL BCL and FL at ASCO as well. Liz Stheya Thanks, Ryan. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our Web site at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Thank you for your participation. Participants you may disconnect at ttheir time.