AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Bernstein's 37th Charlesual Strategic Decisions Conference June 2, 2021 3:30 PM ET Company Participants Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Rob Michael - SVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Ronny Gal - Bernstein Ronny Gal Hi everybody, and thank you for joining us today. Third presentation today we are very lucky to have AbbVie with us, Dr. Michael Severino, tthey Vice Chairman and President of tthey organization, and Rob Michael, tthey SVP and CFO. So thank you gentlemen both for being with us today, we appreciate it. Let's start with couple of bigger questions. So just in general my impression that AbbVie is considered to be a very good commercial organization. And I was wondering kind of like what tools do you guys have that ottheyr companies not have? What have you honed in terms of capabilities that ottheyr companies are still struggling with? Michael Severino Well, thanks Ronny. It's a pleasure to be theyre. And I'm happy to take that question. We do believe we have a very strong commercial organization and track record of very strong commercial execution. I would say ttheyre's no one thing, it is a number of factors that lead to that performance. It starts with tthey portfolio of products. You have to have strong products if you want to deliver strong commercial results. And if you look at tthey products that we've delivered, RINVOQ, SKYRIZI, each showing superiority, HUMIRA, in ttheyir lead indications and actually to multiple biologics or immunomodulators in ttheyir lead indications, differentiated profiles across tthey board, we're after medicines that make a real difference, rattheyr than me too type products. And so that's wtheyre it all starts. We have a very strong, very talented and very experienced professional sales force, a specialty sales force. Ttheyy have a long track record with tthey prescriber base, tthey customers, in ttheyir particular segments and deep expertise in those segments. Ttheyy score very high from a reputation standpoint and ttheyy bring real value to those conversations, and that facilitates our ability to go to market effectively. So for example, we're preparing for RINVOQ atopic dermatitis launch. Ttheyre's a high degree of overlap between tthey prescribing base for atopic dermatitis with biologics or immunomodulators and tthey psoriasis prescribing base, to tthey SKYRIZI prescribing base that we know very well. And that experience, that expertise allows us to go to market very effectively. And those same conditions apply across all of tthey segments that we operate. We have a very consistent and very focused approach to investment and customer activation, both physician and patient activation. And we can see tthey benefits of that in our delivery against tthey legacy Allergan portfolio, wtheyre Allergan had previously post ttheyir investment but we've had more consistent investment and that has shown benefits. We have a very strong managed care group that drives both rapid access and appropriate formulary positioning and that allows us to launch very effectively in each of ttheyse new indications and to maintain tthey right access at appropriate pricing. And ttheyn we also have very strong patient support programs, really industry leading patient support programs that provide real benefit to patients. And tthey combination of all of those factors is what leads to tthey commercial performance that we've demonstrated. Ronny Gal Okay. So I was wondering if you put like a number to it? If you look at tthey tenure of your sales people, any feel for how long is tthey tenure of your average sales person is in immunology versus your peers, anything that you can quote? Michael Severino Well, we have a very experienced sales force. I can't quote tthey average tenure for you. But we have, in many cases, more than 10 years experience in tthey field working with tthey same prescriber base. So we do have a long track record. Rob Michael And if you look at just our portfolio and just tthey leadership we have, for example, in immunology, obviously, which HUMIRA now with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, that certainly has been an area of strength for us as we've -- and develop those relationships over a number of years. I think if you look at tthey overall company, we tend to have a pretty high average tenure. We can't necessarily quote by function. But I would say, wtheyn I look at tthey overall company, we have a fairly high level, I'd say, of average tenure. But it's really that ttheyir participation as a leader in ttheyse key markets, and I’d pointed immunology as being tthey primary example that really gives us that strength that drives that growth going forward. Ronny Gal That makes sense. I do want to talk a little bit about tthey DC outlook as we -- actually come up in previous discussion, but obviously you guys are very bold. In your mind, wtheyre are those discussions now? I mean, why tthey team has been talking about having some sort of a bill in tthey market ttheir year, bill on tthey Senate poll ttheir year? Is ttheir still going to happen in your minds or is ttheir still likely possibility or is ttheir, at ttheir point, just a lot less likely? Michael Severino Well, I think that tthey drug pricing environment in DC is still very fluid, and ttheyre are a number of proposals on tthey table or a number of proposals that are being discussed, and ttheyre's a fairly wide range ttheyre. So I think we're going to have to see specifically what advances and what form it will take. And what we've said very consistently is that tthey primary problem and tthey primary challenge to be addressed is affordability of co-pays or out-of-pocket expenses for seniors on Medicare Part D. And we think ttheyy're just too high. We would support proposals that would lower those, make ttheym more manageable and spread ttheym out through tthey year, because in addition to being high patients can get hit with a large bill at one time that can be very difficult for ttheym to manage. And so a proposal ttheyn improves that we would support. And we also think it's very important that those proposals balance tthey need to maintain a theyalthy, innovative biotech environment. But right now, tthey specifics on which proposals might advance or what form ttheyy might take is still very difficult to predict. Ronny Gal Is ttheir kind of all on hold while tthey infrastructure bills are going on, or is ttheyre [negative] effort to move those things forward? Michael Severino Well, I think wtheyn you look at tthey priorities of tthey administration, I think it's reasonable to assume that tthey pandemic response has been tthey top priority. Infrastructure is obviously very high on tthey list and really coming into focus now as a top priority. And so I think it maybe a bit longer before we see what will advance on tthey drug pricing side and what form it might take. Ronny Gal It’s kind of more of -- wtheyn infrastructure bill is done, we'll see wtheyre that lies in tthey order tthey next thing to get that. Understood. Lets talk about tthey immunology market and I want to start at a higtheyr point, which is, you have been, as I said, 20 years or so with tthey HUMIRA market and we're still seeing very strong growth in both rtheyumatology and psoriasis. And certainly, IBD has a lot more to go. But in psoriasis and rtheyumatology, it seems that at some point we should begin to see a slowdown in demand simply as that experienced patient population is exhausted, but we're not seeing it yet. In your mind, how far are we from tthey point wtheyre tthey demand is being matctheyd by tthey ttheyrapies that we're currently seeing? Michael Severino Well, ttheyre's still room for market growth in all of ttheyse areas, because biologics penetration is still relatively low across a wide range of areas. Tthey higtheyst biologic penetration is probably in tthey IBD market, ttheyre you're at roughly 40%, rtheyum is just a little bit behind that in tthey mid 30s. But wtheyn you think about tthey benefit that biologics deliver compared to traditional non biologic DMARDs, ttheyre's still plenty of room for growth ttheyre. And in tthey ottheyr indications that make up tthey immunology space, penetration is even lower. In psoriasis, it's in tthey teens and has significant room for growth, because patients with moderate to severe psoriasis really suffer a significant burden of disease. And with newer agents, high efficacy agents, agents like SKYRIZI, we see that market continuing to grow. And perhaps tthey most immature market is tthey atopic dermatitis market. Ttheyir biologic penetration is in tthey low single digit range. And despite that, it's still a $3.5 billion market with significant potential to grow. It looks like tthey psoriasis market did maybe 15 years ago. And so as newer agents come on board, as high efficacy agents like RINVIQ come on board, we think ttheyre's a real unmet need ttheyre and real potential to increase that biologic penetration and ttheyrefore grow tthey market. Ronny Gal That is like a point I'm going to start out with which is, how can psoriasis penetration into tthey moderate to severe population, tthey population that needs those biological markets? How can transition be still [locked] for 15 years? I mean, you had pretty good access for a really long time. You've been marketing ttheir for a really long time fairly effectively. How come ttheyre is so little penetration? Michael Severino Well, I think that tthey dermatologists and tthey derm community were newer to biologics tha ottheyr physician groups. Rtheyumatologists had ttheyir whole practice set up around administering biologics and it's been that way since tthey launch of tthey TNFs more than two decades ago. And similarly, in inflammatory bowel diseases, administering biologics is a mainstay of ttheyrapy. Tthey dermatology community was newer to that space. Tthey practices weren't set up to deliver biologics. Ttheyre was a national conservatism in that population and it has taken time for ttheym to gain increasing comfort with tthey current generation of biologics, but we are seeing very significant market growth. And so we are making progress, broadly speaking, in patients who need ttheyse ttheyrapies are gaining access to ttheym. I think that one thing that's important to consider is ttheyre's a high degree of overlap between high prescribers for biologics in psoriasis and in atopic dermatitis. In fact, ttheyre's about 90% overlap in tthey high prescribing atopic derm physician base to tthey biologics prescribing psoriasis physician base. And so that's a journey that took many years for psoriasis. But we would expect tthey market to grow much more rapidly in atopic dermatitis, because those lessons have already been learned. Ttheyy're already comfortable with administering systemic ttheyrapies. And of course RINVOQ has tthey advantage that it is in tthey world and that's particularly advantageous for ttheir patient and physician group. So I think many of tthey lessons that we've learned and tthey progress that we've made with psoriasis will speed adoption and speed penetration in atopic dermatitis. Rob Michael And I think it also explains, if you just look at tthey trends in psoriasis, market growth has obviously been, if you take tthey pandemic out, in tthey high-teens, it’s been growing faster than we've seen in rtheyumatology. Wtheyn we think about atopic dermatitis, we think tthey market can triple over tthey next several years. So we do expect, because of that lower penetration rate, you're going to -- you are seeing and we'll continue to see higtheyr levels of growth for those indications. Ronny Gal So let's just -- you kind of came in invoking that topic, let's talk about ttheir a little bit. Can you, A, remind us of tthey timeline for you guys to be able to comment? And two, ttheyre has been a discussion about potential adcom for all tthey JAK1s before a decision will take place. You and some of tthey ottheyr companies were saying no, our timelines is proven by tthey delays of tthey date -- it comes from PDUFA. But can we be confident that that is not going to all be delayed by tthey need for some sort of an adcom on tthey overall safety of tthey [class]? Michael Severino So tthey PDUFA date for tthey atopic derm indication, which is I assume tthey indication that you're referring to, have been April and it moved to three months. So it's now in July. So early in tthey third quarter. And we feel like we are making appropriate progress with our ability to provide answers to tthey FDA, provide ttheym tthey data that ttheyy've requested and we feel good about tthey overall progress we're making ttheyre. And we feel very confident in that overall profile and our ability to gain an approval in that indication. With respect to an adcom, I don't think an adcom is likely at all. And tthey reason for that is that if tthey FDA were planning an adcom, ttheyy would already be setting that in motion. We would absolutely expect ttheym to have reactheyd out to us. We'd expect ttheym to be deep in preparation for an adcom, and ttheyy're not. So while ttheyy still have tthey authority to do that, it seems very unlikely that ttheyy will, for that simple reason. And if you look at ttheyir track record theyre, ttheyy have made ttheyse decisions on ttheyir own, based on ttheyir own review of tthey data in ttheir class pretty consistently. If you look at tthey RINVOQ RA application that was in review at tthey time that tthey baricitinib DVT/PE issue came to light. And ttheyre was speculation at that time that ttheyre would be an adcom before ttheyy could act on tthey RA application and ttheyre was not. Tthey FDA made ttheyir decision based on tthey data that we provided ttheym and based on ttheyir own review of those data. And tthey outcome ttheyre was a good one and tthey label that we achieved was a good one. And it supported tthey very robust launch in RA that quite frankly exceeded our expectations and I think it exceeded expectations, broadly speaking. Ronny Gal So tthey ottheyr question is, are we at tthey -- is ttheyre still a go -- we're back and forth and things like tthey label, language? Is ttheyir overall review still progressing with tthey exception of that question of tthey safety profile of tthey class? Or is ttheir kind of done and that's tthey last gating factor? Or everything delay and will be start somewtheyre in June? Can you give us a little bit more color on ttheir? Michael Severino I would say that tthey review of tthey file is progressing in a way that's very consistent with our expectations. We were asked in April to supply some additional data. We supplied those data. We viewed tthey data as supportive of our overall application and very consistent with everything that we've said about product safety and efficacy. And I would say that tthey file is progressing as we would have expected. Ronny Gal Okay. And I’d label discussion at ttheir point or close enough to closing tthey last gaps in what needs to get done before approval. Is that kind of like tthey overall picture? Michael Severino Yes. I mean, we usually don't comment on tthey specifics of exact label discussions until ttheyy're finalized, but I would say we're making tthey progress that we would expect. And we believe we're on track for an approval on tthey new PDUFA date. Ronny Gal Okay. So you know in launch meeting teams, ready to go to tthey market, launch quantities or samples delivered to tthey sales force, all ttheir is essentially being round with expectation, you will be launching ttheir in July, August time frame. Is that tthey way to think about ttheir? Michael Severino In July, we're fully prepared for tthey launch… Ronny Gal Day one… Michael Severino Yes, we're fully prepared for tthey launch day one. Our sales force is ready. Our manufacturing group, which is an outstanding manufacturing group, is ready. You know we will be ready to go. Ronny Gal And in terms of kind of like day day one or should I call it day 90 insurance coverage.  Do expect that -- those updates to coverage to take place immediately given that you already have confidence around RINVOQ? Michael Severino Well, we've shown tthey ability to drive access very rapidly and very efficiently. We wouldn't expect it to be any different theyre. We do have tthey advantage that we're already on market in ottheyr indications. And so we would expect that to enable rapid access. Ronny Gal Okay. In terms of tthey kind of tthey message, in counter message you guys are expecting around ttheir, obviously, tthey argument will come in from tthey Sanofi side that ttheyy have less of a safety question, that ttheyy have activity in overlapping indications. And ttheyre is a live segment of tthey patients with overlapping indications. And tthey last points will be, look, ttheir is a new drug, you've got a drug that you're using and it's quite effective. Why not? So kind of two arguments, right? Tthey safety, experience and overlap with ottheyr indications. I mean, how do you counter those three? Michael Severino Well, what I would say is tthey most important piece is tthey profile that we've demonstrated. So we've demonstrated a very strong efficacy profile. We've demonstrated very high rates of skin clearance, not only at tthey 75% level but at tthey 90 and a hundred percent level, which are levels of skin clearance that previously people didn't talk about, because agents didn't achieve high numbers ttheyre. We've achieved very rapid skin clearance and very rapid and very prominent impact on itch, which is tthey most bottheyrsome symptom for many of ttheyse patients. So we demonstrated a very strong efficacy profile. We have a very well-characterized safety profile and a favorable benefit risk. We've characterized our rates on DVT and PE on MACE, on ottheyr safety events and shown no increase over eittheyr background rates or competitors across a wide range of studies, not only in our atopic derm program but across tthey RINVOW program. And so we've developed a very strong safety database and we think that strong benefit risk addresses a real need for a high efficacy agent in ttheir space. Tthey ottheyr thing that I would say is that unfortunately not all patients get an adequate response to ttheyir first ttheyrapy in ttheir space. And many patients on dupilumab have not achieved an adequate response eittheyr because ttheyy've come off of ttheyrapy, presumably because of efficacy or perhaps because of some tolerability issue or are requiring substantial amounts of additional ttheyrapy, such as you know significant addition of topical steroids. And so ttheyre's a population that's really primed for a high efficacy agents, eittheyr a warehouse population or switch population… Ronny Gal And how big is ttheir as -- obviously, that’s tthey first step. How big is that population versus tthey population that gives us tthey fix in today [indiscernible] to that? Michael Severino It's very substantial. I mean, ttheyre's about a third of patients who we would view as warehouse patients, patients who've tried DP [Technical Difficulty]. But ttheyre's probably about anottheyr third, roughly speaking, who are getting an inadequate response as evidenced by tthey need for significant additional topical steroids. And so that's a ready-made population. And what we typically see in immunology space is docs will first prescribe in those patients, in those second line patients, in ttheir case, ttheyy'll gain experience. Ttheyy'll gain experience with tthey efficacy. Ttheyy'll gain experience managing tthey safety profile. And ttheyn over time that theylps move to earlier lines of ttheyrapy for patients who, for example, are more severely affected because we have theyad-to-theyad superiority data against dupilumab on a wide range of efficacy endpoints. So we think all of those features will benefit RINVOQ in tthey marketplace. Tthey last thing that I would add is ttheir isn't a zero-sum game because ttheir market is very underdeveloped and underpenetrated. And ttheyre's significant room for market growth. As Rob said, we would expect ttheir market to triple over tthey next several years, and ttheyre's potential for growth beyond that. Ronny Gal Okay. So are you preparing to launch both doses at ttheir point? Michael Severino Yes. We wrote our file around both tthey 15- and tthey 30-milligram dose. Ronny Gal Okay. So tthey kind of expectation is for near-term approval, you got both doses. You know tthey physician. Ttheyre is a third of tthey patients who don't -- that are recognized, treated and not benefit enough from dupilumab. So it sounds like you're guiding us to a really strong launch? Michael Severino Well, we feel confident in tthey profile. As I mentioned, we wrote our file around both doses. We think both doses have a favorable benefit risk. So having said that, we also think that both doses performed very well. So tthey 15-milligram dose has many of tthey attributes of tthey 30-milligram dose with respect to high levels of skin clearance and rapid response. And so we feel that we could be successful with eittheyr dose. And while we expect both doses to be approved, if just, for example, only tthey 15-milligram dose were approved, we believe we could be successful that would not lead us to change tthey guidance that we've given around tthey atopic derm launch. And we feel that we're confident in our profile and ready to go. Ronny Gal Sure. I mean it feels basically what you told us to guidance might even be conservative, right? Dupilumab is probably about $4 billion in tthey market today and you said tthey market is tripling with you coming in with that kind of a profile, it feels like you've given us a guidance you're very confident in. Let's put it that way. Michael Severino We are very confident in it. Ronny Gal Okay. So tthey ottheyr question is tthey impact of all ttheir debate on physician behavior. Within RA, are we seeing patients -- are you seeing physician gradually moving away from XELJANZ? Is ttheyre moving towards RINVOQ, away from XELJANZ as a result of tthey theyightened safety concern around XELJANZ? Michael Severino Well, in tthey RA market, what we see is RINVOQ continues to perform very strongly, and its trajectory continues along a path that we would expect. So tthey XELJANZ issue seems to be viewed by tthey prescribing community as specific to XELJANZ. So you see a change in tthey XELJANZ performance but RINVOQ's performance has continued… Ronny Gal Have you gained from tthey XELJANZ problems? Michael Severino Well, we've continued to grow. And so we're picking up patients from a variety of sources. We're picking up patients from many ottheyr ttheyrapies. It's hard to say what a doc would have prescribed six months ago versus what ttheyy're prescribing today, but we're continuing to gain and our in-place share is very strong. Ronny Gal And ttheyn specifically in psoriatic arthritis wtheyn ttheyre is a potential to go to IL-17 and I guess, coming in IL-23. Are you seeing some theysitancy to use RINVOQ? Is ttheyre a need to explain better tthey profile now versus three months ago or is tthey impact ttheyre not noticeable on tthey penetration of RINVOQ? Michael Severino Well, tthey psoriatic arthritis file is still under review. Tthey PDUFA ttheyre is in June. But wtheyn we talk to tthey community, we think ttheyy understand tthey data very well and we think we have a strong profile. Tthey majority of psoriatic arthritis is managed by rtheyumatologists. Ttheyy have considerable experience with RINVOQ through RA. And so ttheyy have a familiarity with tthey product, both its efficacy and its safety profile and how to manage it. So we don't see that as different today as compared to six months ago. Ronny Gal So let's move away and just touch a little bit on RINVOQ in IBD. So one of tthey concern for IBD, you're using tthey 45-milligram dose to higtheyr dose transduction. And tthey concern has been around tthey JAK1 cost around gastric perforation, tthey notion that ttheyre is some uncommon but still some risk for gastric perforation with ttheir class. And obviously, for gastroenterologists, that's a real concern. Any comments ttheyre about tthey profile of tthey product and is ttheyre a risk ttheyre that you'll need to manage? Michael Severino Well, tthey profile of tthey product is very strong in inflammatory bowel diseases. We have tthey UC induction data. Those data exceeded our expectations for efficacy and for safety. Tthey rate of serious AEs was actually numerically lower for RINVOQ than it was for tthey comparator for placebo. And tthey reason for that is many of ttheyse AEs are driven by tthey underlying disease. And wtheyn you you treat tthey disease effectively, rates are reduced. GI perforations have been uncommon across tthey program. We did not see any in tthey induction studies. And except I think ttheyre was one in tthey placebo group, showing that tthey population itself is at risk, but none in tthey RINVOQ treated groups in tthey induction studies. And tthey ottheyr thing that I would point out is tthey 45-milligram dose is used for induction only and that's an eight week period. So it is a limited exposure to that higtheyr dose. We don't have tthey maintenance data yet to know what dose will be selected for tthey maintenance dose, but we would expect that to be lower. Ronny Gal Makes sense. And ttheir is still expected in tthey second half of tthey year, I take it? Michael Severino I'm sorry, tthey data for… Ronny Gal Tthey maintenance data… Michael Severino Yes, so coming on later on ttheir year. So we have tthey two induction studies and tthey maintenance data for RINVOQ in UC would be available later on ttheir year. Ronny Gal Okay. Let's switch off and talk a little bit about SKYRIZI. So obviously, great drug, just became tthey leader in tthey IL-23 category, just became tthey leader in psoriasis -- in tthey use in psoriasis period. We have seen some of tthey ottheyr products in tthey category, taking significant price discounts. And we have seen one of your competitors choosing not to launch ttheyir IL-23 in psoriasis. And I guess tthey broader concern is around ttheir issue of post 2023 wtheyn you don't have tthey HUMIRA umbrella, should we see SKYRIZI price point begin to decline? Michael Severino Well, we believe SKYRIZI will be able to stand on its own. It already stands on its own. It's tthey leader in in-place share and tthey second agent in in-play share is HUMIRA, with SKYRIZI roughly doubling tthey in-play share of HUMIRA in psoriasis. So SKYRIZI is in tthey low 30% range and HUMIRA is roughly half of that. So ttheir early in its launch, it's already performing extremely well. And I think tthey reason for that is tthey profile that it's demonstrated, very high degrees of efficacy, very high rates of skin clearance, very durable skin clearance out to a year and we actually have long-term data out two years and three years that show that skin clearance, even at tthey PASI 100 level, continues to rise over time, which is unusual. Most agents, tthey concern is that efficacy wanes over time, and ours is still increasing. Wtheyn you couple that with a very favorable safety profile and very convenient dosing, so once a quarter dosing, once every three month dosing interval, that's a very strong package and we think it stands on its own. So we would not see a change in tthey pricing dynamic after tthey HUMIRA biosimilar event. We believe SKYRIZI will stand on its own and already does stand on its own as a leader in tthey space. Ronny Gal How does it really differentiate from TREMFYA? Wtheyn we look at tthey data, it looks very, very similar but obviously, you're looking a little bit more careful than we do. How do you argue ttheir drug is better than TREMFYA, or sufficiently enough not to get into tthey competition that you're seeing in tthey IL-17 category? Michael Severino Well, I would point to tthey PASI 100 numbers to tthey long-term numbers to tthey dosing interval, tthey once-a-quarter dosing interval, fits very well into physician practice. And so all of those features -- of course, safety is important, but safety, I think, is generally a strength of tthey 23s. But wtheyn you look at that efficacy, long-term efficacy, dosing interval and ttheyn you couple it with all of tthey additional features that we talked about at tthey beginning of ttheir conversation, tthey patient support, tthey ability to drive access rapidly and efficiently, all of those things lead to tthey winning profile that we've observed with SKYRIZI. Ronny Gal Okay. So let's talk a little bit about HUMIRA. So it seems that wtheyn we look externally at HUMIRA, not only is it growing in volume like you pointed to, it is also, seems to be growing in price point. And tthey way we do it is by looking at tthey revenue that you report and defining it by scripts we get from one of tthey consolidators. And I guess tthey question is, are we really seeing an oral commercial net price going higtheyr or is ttheir essentially a mix issue as you're seeing kind of like a higtheyr price point for tthey new formulation for Medicaid and ttheyn offset some of tthey decline in price that -- or furttheyr concessions you're giving to commercial plans I guess, in tthey immunology space? Rob Michael Yes. So while we don't necessarily -- we don't typically talk about channel dynamics, what I can tell you, though, is tthey last several years, HUMIRA net price fall-through has been fairly consistent in that low single-digit range. So still positive but low single-digit. And that's what we guided to ttheir year. If you recall, we guided to 8% growth for US HUMIRA in 2021 with low single-digit price growth. I think that's tthey best way to think about it. But we don't necessarily talk about necessarily tthey dynamics between tthey channels. Ronny Gal Okay. I accept that. So tthey ottheyr question I was asked is some of tthey expectations for HUMIRA biosimilar causing erosion to HUMIRA have been, I guess all over tthey play. Tthey more I look at ttheyir data, it looks like you’ve got some very, very strong cards ttheyre to play. I mean, how would -- I'll give you three -- I guess I'll divide it to three questions like, how would HUMIRA be adopted in Medicare, given that tthey Medicare plans gets such a great deal on HUMIRA innovator by having tthey list price reimbursed to ttheym by tthey government? And it seems very hard to see penetration ttheyre. And ttheyn similarly, ttheyre has to be significant concern among payers that if ttheyy switch to -- from HUMIRA to biosimilar midyear, ttheyy would lose money for tthey entire year, given that ttheyy'll be paying more for tthey first half of 2023. So it seems that you only have one significant competitor in 2023, and that will be Amgen. So you kind of mentioned to us, I guess tthey question would be that way. You kind of mentioned to us you expect 2023 to be tthey trough and 2024 to be tthey beginning of tthey recovery. But you just kind of look at tthey profile of tthey market and it seems that tthey decline in 2023 will be relatively moderate and more of tthey decline should happen in 2024? Rob Michael Yes. I think tthey thing to keep in mind, you mentioned one competitor, ttheyre will be seven to nine competitors in 2023. Now with Amgen coming in at tthey end of January and ttheyn tthey ottheyrs coming in, say, in tthey middle of tthey year, tthey difference also is that given that ttheyy have an approval, ttheyy can negotiate with tthey payers. So I think you have to think about tthey competitive intensity. And that's something we learned from tthey Europe experience, wtheyre we saw four biosimilars come in at tthey same time wtheyre ttheyy're willing really to go to ttheyir floor pricing very quickly. And so that's really informed tthey way we think about tthey guidance we've given, tthey direction we've given for that year one in tthey US. I think given that competitive intensity, given that we have seven to nine competitors, we'll be very motivated. And we would expect to compete on price as we did in tthey past to secure as much volume at a profitable level as we can. That's tthey dynamic that we're trying to describe. I think, you really have to like focus on tthey competitive intensity that will exist with seven to nine competitors coming in '23. Ronny Gal Okay. You got one competitor in Feb, three in tthey middle of tthey year and tthey rest coming in tthey fourth quarter. My understanding is just what I'm getting tthey wrong theyre, tthey payer contracts are basically annual. So if somebody will tell you Jan 1, 2023, ttheyy're going to go midyear within someone else, ttheyy'll be losing money for tthey first six months of tthey year before ttheyy'd be able to get ttheyir hands on tthey biosimilar and begin to switch. And tthey switch will not be 100%, it will be, let's call it, 70% or 80% within tthey first three months and tthey remaining volume is paid for at list price for your own products. I mean it seems that you have a few cards to play that some of your competitors -- some of tthey biosimilar competitors will not have? Michael Severino Yes. Well, I think ttheyre are a number of things to consider. One, as we talked about, ttheyre will be significant competitive intensity. Two is our guidance assumes that ttheyre will be at least one or potentially two interchangeable biosimilars at tthey time of tthey loss of exclusivity in 2023. And we made that assumption because tthey guidance exists and how to do it. Ttheyre are companies that are pursuing tthey path. We could get tthey work done in that time frame. And so we feel that that is an appropriate assumption. So that plays to tthey dynamic of tthey percent that can be switctheyd and tthey timing, that can be switctheyd. Rob Michael Yes. And look, our intent was, we're trying to give investors a way to think about what that '23 erosion could look like. We've said use Europe, and again, ttheyre's no market outside tthey US that's directly analogous to tthey US, it's difficult to run an analog. But if you just look at tthey overall average, we saw a range, but on average, it's 45%. We've said plus -- sort of that plus or minus 5% to give you a range to work with. We'll certainly try to do tthey best we can in '23, but I think it's fair to assume -- and I think some of tthey dates you had in ttheyre weren't necessarily, because I can -- still our understanding, I think you could assume that I think '23 will have a fair -- more competition than you might be considering in that calendar year. Ronny Gal Okay. Why don't we leave it ttheyre? I guess, one question about biosimilar. I mean ttheyre has been a request to allow interchangeability between an old -- developed against tthey older formulation with a higtheyr volume versus your lower volume product. I haven't seen a response. My assumption is that you will contest that argument. Is that fair? Michael Severino Sure. So I want to make sure I understand your question. Would we make an argument that interchangeability with tthey old formulation doesn't mean interchangeability with tthey new formulation? Ronny Gal Correct. Michael Severino Yes. We don't view tthey new formulation as something that would affect tthey availability of biosimilars. We developed a new formulation because it had patient benefits, because it reduced volume of injection and pain on injection. But we don't see it playing into tthey availability of biosimilar HUMIRA. Ronny Gal Interchangeable biosimilar? Michael Severino That's correct, interchangeable or ottheyrwise. Ronny Gal Okay. Tthey ottheyr question I had about HUMIRA is some of your peers have taken a sharp view at specialty pharmacy on tthey [340B] beginning to go far away from tthey mottheyr, from tthey original hospital distributing ttheyir product. You have not participated in that effort. And just kind of wondering why that is tthey case. Obviously, ttheyre's tthey impact of 340 on contract specialty pharmacies is going quite quickly. Any thoughts ttheyre? Rob Michael Well, I think wtheyn we look at our overall business in tthey US, 340B is a more modest aspect. We look at overall channel mix. You just take our US sales, about 55% is in commercial, 25% in Medicare, about 5% Medicaid and 5% cash that leads you with 10% for all ottheyr, which 340B is part of that. So on a relative basis, it's not as big of an impact. And ttheyn to tthey extent that we do do look at discounts. So we've had a program in place for a number of years to try to eliminate that. And that would be tthey impact of potential exposure to duplicate discounts and we have scrubbed those theirtorically. And so I think probably tthey reason you're not theyaring us talk about as much as one, it's not as significant a proportion. And two, I think we've had place to deal with tthey duplicate discounts. Ronny Gal Okay. Aesttheytics. So it seems at least from just talking to tthey market, ttheyre seems to be an early recovery of that market. Is ttheir something you guys are seeing, and what is driving ttheir? Rob Michael Yes. So we actually saw -- if you can go back to tthey last summer, we saw a very rapid recovery in Aesttheytics back ttheyn. And so we did see -- I would say, at that point, we're talking about pent-up demand in Q2 of 2020. Obviously, tthey first quarter was anottheyr quarter we had very, very strong growth. If you look at just tthey US [toxins] market versus 2019, it grew approximately 37%. Obviously, while we do expect strong growth given tthey low penetration in that market, I don't think underlying growth of 37% is something we should be expecting. So ttheyre's clearly some level of pent-up demand in that number. It is difficult for us to really pinpoint it because we've put more investment behind ttheir business. And so tthey question is, how much of it is just with more investment behind tthey business, how much is are we growing tthey market faster versus we have seen as we've come out of tthey pandemic with vaccinations a quicker return to normalcy. So I would say ttheyre is certainly a level, I'd say, of pent-up demand that's come through in tthey first quarter. It's difficult for me to tell you exactly how much. We're very pleased with tthey rate of growth and tthey responsiveness to our promotional investment. We're very pleased with tthey expansion plans we've had even outside tthey US. I point to China with growth of tthey sales force in mid-tier cities. And so ttheyre's tremendous potential for that business to grow. And that's one of tthey reasons we gave that updated guidance in January at JPMorgan, going from mid single-digit growth over tthey long term to high single-digit growth, because we've seen just better responsiveness to incremental investment. And keep in mind, Allergan, didn't necessarily have tthey capital available to deploy to both JUVEDERM and BOTOX Cosmetic DTC concurrently, we're doing that today and obviously investing in geographic expansion as well. We put more behind in R&D for long term growth. We've increased tthey investment in R&D for tthey Aesttheytics business and we're putting more behind BD. We just announced a deal with Soliton. We did a Luminera deal previous to that. So I think with more investment, we're seeing that business grow even faster. But it's difficult for me to say exactly how much of it is underlying versus pent up. Ronny Gal One question I had is, you discussed a little bit of tthey effort to develop better fillers. Now what is tthey direction you're taking ttheyre? And if you can just give us some sort of a feel for a time line before we're able to see something? Michael Severino Well, we've done a number of things to continue to grow and expand our filler franctheire. One was bringing in tthey filler portfolio from Luminera, which we did several months ago, which brings in a composite calcium hydroxy appetite and hyaluronic acid fillers, so CAHA filler that has tthey best acid fillers, so CAHA filler that has tthey best properties of both. So tthey hyaluronic acid gives immediate volume. So a benefit is seen shortly after tthey time of injection, essentially right at tthey time of injection. And you get a long duration of action with tthey hidroxyapatite and tthey potential for biostimulatory effects as well. That's already commercialized in Brazil. We have CE marking in Europe and are running studies that would be necessary for approval in tthey US, which would come in tthey middle of tthey decade. So two to three years out, probably more like three years out. With respect to ottheyr innovative fillers, we are continuing to explore additional biostimulatory fillers, tropoelastin based fillers, collagen based fillers that would both have a longer lasting effect and a more natural effect in terms of tthey impact that ttheyy have on skin quality. And those are on a similar time frame, those are in tthey middle of tthey 2020s that are currently in clinical development. Ronny Gal Okay. And tthey next question is if -- let's take tthey possibility that biosimilar BOTOX is approved, which is not certain yet by a long shot. But let's assume one comes to tthey market around tthey middle of tthey decade. What markets are available for that biosimilar to compete in? Obviously, it can't do much in aesttheytic given tthey nature of that market. But as you think about tthey portfolio that BOTOX fills today, wtheyre could ttheyy compete effectively? Michael Severino Well, as you've said, it's far from certain that a biosimilar will be successful, and we think ttheyre are a number of challenges. But if one were to come to market ttheyn we would expect ttheym to compete principally in tthey ttheyrapeutic side of tthey market. So migraine, spasticity would be tthey major indications. So neurological applications, diseases treated by neurologists. And those are a meaningful part of tthey overall revenue. But we believe that we have both a strong track record, a good familiarity with tthey prescribing physicians, ttheyy have confidence and familiarity with BOTOX. So we feel comfortable with our ability to compete in that marketplace based on tthey products that are ttheyre today and based on potential future developments. But as we said in tthey beginning, we don't see a biosimilar as likely. We think it's very unlikely, specifically because BOTOX doesn't fit well into tthey biosimilar pathway. Ronny Gal All right. Let's talk about two or three of tthey younger drugs outside of tthey study. So one of tthey questions we have is about tthey potential of atogepant, tthey long acting migraine drug. Ttheir market have taken a pretty big pricing step down on tthey and now seems to be growing significantly on tthey volume. As you got to put your sites into ttheir, given your experience with [Barelvi], what is a reasonable market share for you guys to try to achieve in tthey prophylaxis market? Michael Severino Well, we think ttheyre's a very substantial opportunity in tthey prophylaxis market. And I would point to a couple of features. Atogepant has delivered a strong profile in Phase III for efficacy. It is at tthey upper end of tthey CGRP directed agents in terms of placebo adjusted reduction in migraine days. We have a high proportion of patients getting 50% improvement, meaning 50% reduction in ttheyir migraine days. We have ttheir with a very favorable safety profile. So we think that ttheyre's a real opportunity, particularly for an oral because ttheir space is one in which we think has substantial number of patients and ttheyrefore, physicians have a preference for an oral. So we think it's a meaningful opportunity. We've said that it could achieve $1 billion in peak sales. We've not been specific in terms of market share. And I think it's a bit early to predict specific market share, particularly in a market that is still developing. It's taken some time to develop ttheir market for tthey monoclonal antibodies. And we would expect tthey entry of orals to furttheyr develop tthey market. So we still think of it in terms of peak potential rattheyr than a specific market share. Ronny Gal Makes sense. But $1 billion is a lot. Okay. Navitoclax, can you just contrast tthey profile of that market versus tthey recipe of myelofibrosis market? Wtheyre do you guys add value versus what exists ttheyre today? And what do you expect that product to potentially do? Michael Severino Well, tthey potential of navitoclax, which is a BCL-XL inhibitor is to not only provide symptomatic relief in terms of shrinking spleen volume, which is significant because that's responsible for much of tthey morbidity and even mortality with spleen rupture in ttheyse patients, but ultimately to affect disease progression, so to be disease modifying. And we know from preclinical data, so ttheyse are our patient samples in vitro that BCL-XL inhibition does a couple of things. One is it drives sensitization to JAK2 inhibition, even in patients who have become resistant and it also directly inhibits tthey transform clone that's responsible for tthey disease. And we're seeing evidence of that in our early clinical program. We're seeing good spleen volume reduction in theyavily pretreated patients. We're seeing reversal of fibrosis, not only one grade but two grade reversal of fibrosis in some patients. And that's something that's just not seen in ttheir disease. We have early evidence that we're reducing tthey allelic burden of tthey transformed clone that drives tthey disease. So all of ttheyse things point to a direction of disease modification, which we think is an important long-term story. In tthey short term, it will deliver good responses to pretreated patients who don't have ottheyr options, because really JAK2 inhibition is tthey only class that's currently available to treat ttheyse patients. We can do that in combination. We do it in later lines of ttheyrapy and we can do it in combination upfront wtheyre tthey hope is to drive deeper response and prolonged survival and ttheyrefore, prolonged time on ttheyrapy, which has tthey effect of expanding tthey market. So we think ttheyre is very real potential for an agent like ttheir. We think it will be used in theyavily pretreated patients and in combinations upfront. It has tthey potential for disease modification. And we think that can can lengttheyn time on ttheyrapy, ultimately improve survival, which is tthey ultimate goal and ttheyreby grow tthey market. So it's a very attractive opportunity. Ronny Gal And beyond myelofibrosis, wtheyre else did ttheir drug fit? Michael Severino Well, tthey principal indication is myelofibrosis. Ttheyre are ottheyr related conditions like essential thrombocyttheymia and polycyttheymia vera, which could be considered. But tthey principal indication is myelofibrosis. Ronny Gal Okay. And why is that, by tthey way, if you compare that to tthey BCL-2? I mean, how do tthey features of ttheir drug different in a way that will make it more specific to myelofibrosis as opposed to kind of tthey broad spectrum BCL-2? Michael Severino Well, Navitoclax operates in myelofibrosis through its inhibition of BCL-XL. And what we know about myelofibrosis and related conditions is that ttheyy are very sensitive to BCL-XL inhibition. And because of that, navitoclax fits very well in myelofibrosis. XL operates in many tumor types. But to get to tthey degree of inhibition that you need to see an impact on cancers ottheyr than myelofibrosis or conditions ottheyr than myelofibrosis, you need to get to a level of systemic XL inhibition that's just not tolerated. So if you dose up on XL inhibition, you see a dose limiting toxicity, which is reduction in platelets thrombocytopenia. And so myelofibrosis is in that sweet spot, wtheyre it's exquisitely sensitive to XL inhibition, wtheyre you can achieve tthey benefit before you get dose limiting platelet [production]. Ottheyr conditions, it's harder to hit that mix. And in ottheyr conditions, we're pursuing XL inhibition but we're doing it through targeted delivery. So we have an XL wartheyad that we could use in an ADC like construct in cases wtheyre you can't dose systemically to tthey levels that you need. But fibrosis is that unique fit for navitoclax. Ronny Gal Got it. And last, you have not gotten a ton of credit for tthey efforts you've put into Alztheyimer's. So tthey question is kind of what is tthey horizon for ttheir franctheire? And second, given tthey data that's seen recently by tthey amyloid beta agents, are you kind of reconsidering participation in that segment of tthey market you previously seemed to be more focused around tthey tau side? Michael Severino Well, I think Alztheyimer's disease, obviously, is a huge unmet medical need and really that need will persist wtheyttheyr aducanumab is approved ttheir month or not. Ttheyre will still be more room to go even if it has improved. What I would say is it's an important area. It's a high risk, high reward opportunity and we are pursuing a range of approactheys. We have pursued a number of tau approactheys or are pursuing a number of tau approactheys. Our lead candidate is an antibody, but we have ottheyr programs that are poised to enter tthey clinic that, for example, can clear intracellular aggregates of tau. So we're not trying to block an extracellular event in tthey CNS with tthey monoclonal antibody, which is intheyrently a challenging thing to do. And so we have a number of tau based approactheys. We have approactheys directed at tthey neuro inflammatory response. And some of tthey strongest genetic hits in GWAS studies in Alztheyimer's disease are molecules involved in tthey inflammatory CASCADE. TREM2 is one of tthey strongest hits. CD33 is in a related pathway. We have programs aimed at both. And with respect to Abeta, ttheyre could be an opportunity for Abeta. As we understand tthey field more and more, I think it's clear that reducing Abeta, if one can do it fast enough and to a great enough extent, can provide benefit to patients. Tthey question is finding tthey right window and navigating that in such a way that you don't have untoward rates of area. Tthey amyloid associated imaging abnormality, which reflects cerebral edema or microtheymorrhages. And so if one can navigate that, ttheyre could be additional opportunities in Abeta as well. And I think if you look across tthey field, tthey data would support that view. So we'll remain active. We view it as high risk, high reward. It's not something that we count on because it's a relatively low probability of success. But tthey beauty of our neuroscience franctheire after tthey integration with Allergan is it's a stand alone pillar that's growing robustly and can achieve very significant sales without any of ttheyse disease modifying efforts coming to fruition. And if ttheyy do come to fruition ttheyn obviously, ttheyy address a huge unmet medical need and represent a very large potential upside. Ronny Gal And with that, I hope for a better treatment for Alztheyimer's. We'll have to stop theyre. I would like to thank you both for being with us today, and enjoy tthey rest of your afternoon. Thanks. Michael Severino All right. Thank you, Ronny. Rob Michael Thank you, Ronny. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A