Abbvie, Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Cowen Health Care Conference March 8, 2022 12:50 PM ET Company Participants Jeffrey Stewart - EVP & Chief Commercial Officer Robert Michael - Vice Chairman, Finance & Commercial Operations & CFO Michael Severino - Vice Chairman & President Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Scala - Cowen and Company Michael Nedelcovych - Cowen and Company Steptheyn Scala Well, good afternoon, and welcome to tthey AbbVie session of Cowen's 42nd Jesseual Healthcare Conference. We're very, very pleased to have tthey company back with us again ttheir year.  Representing tthey company are 3 members of senior management: Mike Severino, who is Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, who is Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, who is tthey Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.  Ttheyre's always lots of ground to cover with AbbVie given a multitude of growth drivers, which seem to be delivering simultaneously. So let's dig right in, and I'll start it out with a look into tthey future. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Steptheyn Scala So we're all obviously aware of tthey Humira patent expiration that's upcoming. But ttheyreafter, it looks like a pretty vibrant second half to tthey decade, yet consensus kind of has earnings recovering at a rattheyr modest pace. And that just seems wrong. It seems that without any major encumbrances that earnings should -- I would -- I guess I could use tthey word explode, you may not want to, but it should explode out of tthey gate. I'm just wondering how you would suggest to investors how ttheyy think about tthey trajectory of earnings, say, in tthey '25 to '30 period? Robert Michael Yes. Steve, ttheir is Rob. So I agree. I think we would expect a more vibrant recovery in tthey '25. We talked about high single-digit revenue growth from '25 to tthey end of a decade. We'll return revenue growth into '24. It will be more modest. But after '23 in tthey first year after, we'll essentially return to revenue growth. And ttheyn beyond that, that high single-digit growth will also come with that, as you expect operating margin expansion. So you would expect to see earnings growth that we've talked about tthey top line growing high single digits.  And really, wtheyre I see tthey disconnect is in a few areas, but I'd say half of it is really coming from Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Earlier ttheir year at tthey JPMorgan conference, we talked about peak sales for Rinvoq and Skyrizi exceeding tthey peak sales of Humira. So 2022 will be tthey peak year for Humira, approaching $22 million of revenue, we would expect Skyrizi and Rinvoq on a combined basis to exceed that. That's certainly not being reflected in tthey forecast we're seeing from consensus today. So I'd say that's a big driver in ttheir.  In '25, in particular, wtheyn I look at tthey consensus number, Skyrizi is actually in line with tthey 7.5 -- greater than $7.5 billion that we've communicated for Skyrizi in '25. But for Rinvoq, Tthey Street models are still about $1 billion light of tthey greater than $7.5 billion that we communicated for Rinvoq. So '25, ttheyre's still a disconnect for Rinvoq. But for both Skyrizi and Rinvoq as we go beyond '25, that disconnect exists.  I'd also say for Vraylar, we've said approaching $4 billion with currently approved indications. Tthey Street models don't have Vraylar at that level. I think it's somewtheyre between $3 billion and $3.5 billion of peak sales in Street models as well.  We have seen though positive movement in terms of aesttheytics. We did recently provide a view of 2029 greater than $9 billion. We've been saying high single-digit growth over a year, but that didn't resonate as much as wtheyn we said greater than $9 billion in 2029. So we have seen Street consensus move up to approaching but not quite at $9 billion. I think it's around $8.8 billion now, but we're seeing those numbers come a lot closer.  Migraine, I would say, is one area that wtheyre we see, Tthey Street is very excited and in line with our greater than $1 billion of peak sales potential for both Ubrelvy and QULIPTA. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at tthey pipeline, not as much value being ascribed to our pipeline. We obviously have -- we're very excited about what tthey pipeline has to offer, but that's also anottheyr area of disconnect. So I think all those factors, we agree with you that we expect to see a very significant return to revenue growth as well as earnings growth given tthey operating margin expansion that will come with that, and we're very excited about our future. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Great. So we want to dig into all those topics. Let's start with Rinvoq. So tthey company has been very upfront about expecting a bit of a decline in prescribing post tthey label update. I think tthey company last said that about a month ago. So what has been tthey trajectory since ttheyn? Are you seeing tthey decline as you would expected? Is it more? Is it less? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Thanks, Steve. It's Jeff. And so it's actually progressing very similar, right on track to what our expectations were, and I'll give you some sense in tthey large rtheyumatoid arthritis market. So before tthey drug safety communication in September and ttheyn ultimately, tthey label change in December, we had achieved an in-play share, which is a combination of naive starts and switch starts of about 16%, and that was second only to Humira in tthey large RA market. And ttheyn basically, as doctors started to not prescribe as much frontline, ttheyy started to digest tthey safety communication, ttheyn ultimately, tthey label change. We see our most recent data sitting at 13.4%. So that difference is largely right at our expectations.  And as we continue to progress with tthey repositioning of tthey brand as tthey leading second-line plus agent with tthey data we've generated as well as we start to build with tthey ottheyr room indications, first with PSA that's approved and ultimately with ankylosing spondylitis and ttheyn non-radiographic spa, towards tthey end of tthey year, we continue to see that we will shift towards growth in that in-play share from that 13.4% base. So in a nutttheyyll, it's progressing as we anticipated. No surprises so far, and we're encouraged by tthey most recent trends that show stability in tthey platform for tthey growth into and through tthey year. Steptheyn Scala Has ttheyre been any unexpected events relative to tthey nature of prescribing? So say, more GPs, less GPs than expected, more specialists, less specialists than expected? Or a change in what was expected from indication or geography? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Good question. overwtheylmingly, ttheyre's been no change in sort of tthey makeup of tthey physicians. So it's overwtheylmingly a rtheyumatologist in tthey base indications, a specialty prescribing. Obviously, with Rinvoq being launctheyd in atopic dermatitis in January, you're starting to see tthey exposure to tthey dermatology specialist, but again, no surprises are fundamental change in what we're seeing in terms of tthey makeup of tthey prescribers.  I would say that in terms of our international momentum, you highlighted geography. We see continued strength in tthey international markets as we add ttheyse indications. It's almost like ttheyy act certainly synergistically. So if you go from one rtheyumatology indication like rtheyumatoid arthritis, ttheyn you get psoriatic arthritis, ttheyn you get ankylosing spondylitis, ttheyy build on top of each ottheyr, as you might expect as tthey markets developed. And so we see very nice strength in our international markets wtheyre we've launctheyd those indications first around tthey globe. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Are ttheyre any studies underway, maybe ttheyy were underway for a long time or whatever, but any studies underway, which based on what tthey results show, AbbVie would take to tthey FDA in an effort to modify or even eliminate tthey box warning on Rinvoq? Michael Severino Modifying tthey box warnings on Rinvoq with respect to things like PTE and MACE, for example, which came out of tthey oral surveillance study would require a similar level of evidence. So it require a large-scale outcome study. And wtheyn we look at that situation, it's just not practical, wtheyn one thinks about tthey time it would take to design and execute those studies. So those studies generally take at a minimum 7, 8 years to conduct and ttheyn ttheyre's a regulatory time frame on tthey back end of it. So we're really talking about a decade out.  And at that point, I think tthey prescribing patterns and tthey market segmentation will be so entrenctheyd that tthey value of that is not clear to us. And so while we have no concerns about what a study like that would show if we were to conduct one, ttheyre are practical limitations that make it very challenging to conduct one. So we don't have an outcome study underway at present, and we don't plan to conduct one. Steptheyn Scala Got it. Okay. One question on Skyrizi, I mean it's a drug that seemingly has no issues. And clearly, tthey leader in tthey classes was amply evidenced on our dermatology panel yesterday. But as you peer into tthey competitive landscape, do you see any products that have profiles that could rival Skyrizi? Michael Severino We believe Skyrizi has a unique profile, and it really has a category-leading profile wtheyn you consider all aspects of its offering, benefit risk, dosing, frequencies, so quarterly dosing and tthey overall value proposition for patients and physicians. And if one looks at psoriasis, I think that's quite clear. Given tthey level of clearance, that has been demonstrated not only in tthey short term but in long-term studies, convenient dosing, very favorable benefit risk now translating into ottheyr areas as well, like psoriatic arthritis and strong inflammatory bowel disease as well.  So we see it as a unique profile. We don't see any competitor on tthey landscape that offers all of those benefits. Certain assets would claim to have part of that picture, but also often with limitation. So for example, a fair amount of attention has been played to bimekizumab, tthey IL-17 in tthey psoriasis space, and one can get high levels of skin clearance with that, but ttheyre's also a trade-off with respect to benefit risk and tthey candidiasis infections that are seen with that agent and potentially ottheyr fungal infections with challenges around at least tthey potential for exacerbation of inflammatory bowel diseases.  And we see, for example, wtheyre BIM is launctheyd, ttheyy can -- competing principally within tthey IL-17 class and not competing more broadly with tthey 23s. Ttheyre are oral agents in psoriasis coming forward. [indiscernible] have gotten a lot of attention, but ttheyy don't play in tthey same efficacy realm that Skyrizi does. Ttheyy compete much more in our view in tthey future with ottheyr orals. And of course, we'll have to see how ttheyy're labeling turns out after FDA review. But we don't see any agent that offers tthey same overall benefit risk profile or overall value package as Skyrizi. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Let's move to Humira. A few questions on Humira. So you're going to -- AbbVie will garner a royalty on sales of biosimilars, to tthey best of my recollection. I mean that should be a pretty serious number, I would imagine, over time, collectively. So I'm wondering wtheyre will that be recorded in tthey P&L or perhaps in tthey Humira line? And will you break it out and you agree it will be a substantial number? Robert Michael So Steve, ttheir is Rob. I mean, tthey Humira royalty income, it will not be substantial. I don't expect it to be a substantial number, and ttheyrefore, we wouldn't break it out separately, but it's no different than any ottheyr royalty income stream we have. It doesn't make it into tthey top end of tthey key product categories. We don't break those sales out. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Does AbbVie have any strategies around Humira in its LOE, which you have not discussed with investors. And I'm not suggesting you start discussing ttheym today, I'm simply asking if ttheyre are such strategies, which maybe will become evident in tthey next, call it, 8 months? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I think that what we've highlighted, Steve, is tthey -- is really tthey trade-off of tthey price and tthey volume. I mean, largely, what we've seen around tthey world, and we really don't think it's going to be that much different in tthey United States is how tthey volume and pricing moves. So what we've highlighted before is that we will compete to retain as much volume as we can within a reasonable price. And that's kind of what we've done in Europe, depending on tthey arctheytype of tthey country. So for example, we think that if we look at our degradation in terms of tthey 45%, plus or minus 10% and 23%, we think that 2/3 of that will be price and 1/3 volume. And that's kind of what we've seen within tthey ottheyr arctheytypes.  So tthey U.S. market is a little different. That's clear. Ttheyre is a fragmented payer landscape, and it will be sort of a negotiation payer-by-payer in terms of what ttheyir interests are and what our interests are. Certainly, we would -- we think it's strategic to try to retain as much volume as we can at tthey right price. So that's kind of in a nutttheyyll as how we see tthey market playing out as we approach '23. Steptheyn Scala Got it. Okay. One more question, ttheyn I'll turn it to Mike for some additional questions, and that is on Restasis. So we now have a competitor. I'm just wondering has that competitive launch progressed as you would have expected. Jeffrey Stewart Yes. So we've seen, as announced, tthey competitor -- tthey generic competitor for Restasis from Mylan Viatris and ttheyy have launctheyd. So ttheyy started to fill tthey channel and actually have had some pull through. Ttheyre are also 2 authorized generics that have also entered tthey market, and those authorized generics were deals that Allergan signed many, many years ago. So ttheyre's 3 essentially generics in tthey Restasis market that are in play today.  So if we look, Steve, at our weekly prescriptions, we can see an erosion from baseline in tthey high teens. So we are seeing tthey erosion. It's ttheyre, happening in tthey marketplace. And as time goes by, we would expect to start to see a very traditional generic-like curve because we have also confirmed, obviously, that all 3 are obviously AbbVie rated to tthey Restasis single-dose administration. So that's how we see it playing out. Really, no surprises so far and tthey market is proceeding as we would have expected. Steptheyn Scala Got it. I'll turn it to Mike for some additional questions. Michael Nedelcovych Thanks, Steve. We'd like to probe some of tthey CNS franctheires, which, as you mentioned, are an important growth pillar for AbbVie. And let's start with migraine. So how is tthey migraine franctheire performing relative to your expectations initially? Which has greater potential between Ubrelvy and QULIPTA? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Thank you, Mike. We're very excited about tthey migraine franctheire. And our strategy is pretty simple and clear. It's a strategy wtheyre we can bring assets into tthey different spectrum of tthey disease. So on tthey far end, tthey most chronic patients, we have Botox, which is very significant. Chronic migraine is our largest single indication of Botox Ttheyrapeutics, and it's tthey largest overall indication. And it works very, very well. We retain basically tthey higtheyst in-play share even versus each individual monoclonal in that space. So that's exciting. Obviously, ttheyn we brought Ubrelvy, which is indicated for acute migraine, wtheyre if you know it's coming, you're getting it, you can take Ubrelvy and it will abort tthey migraine and ttheyn recently QULIPTA, let's say, in tthey mill for episodic migraine, which is quite significant. So we like tthey fact that we can tailor tthey individual assets with our targeted physicians for what ttheyy're facing in ttheyir clinics.  Now in terms of which market is more attractive we like ttheym all, and it's pretty interesting. If you look at tthey total prescription markets, ttheyy're almost tthey identical size. So for tthey acute migraine space, which is essentially tthey oral Gepants of which Ubrelvy is tthey leader, we see that's about an 18 million script-based market. And in tthey episodic and preventative market, we see that's about 17.5 million. So ttheyy're almost identically sized.  So ttheyy're both fantastic opportunities that we now have one dedicated sales team that Botox is separate, that goes in and will represent Ubrelvy for acute migraine and with very much tthey same doctors, wtheyn you need to get to a first preventative choice, QULIPTA is a simple once-a-day oral. So we like all of tthey children, I guess, is what I'm trying to say, but we're excited overall, and we're on track. We are tthey leader in tthey novel oral space with Ubrelvy with about 54% of tthey NBRx share. And we are already #2 in terms of tthey preventative or episodic space just behind Emgality, which is Eli Lilly's monoclonal. So tthey performance is solid. It's a very nice franctheire for us, and we're happy with tthey momentum thus far in tthey year. Michael Nedelcovych Great. Let's move to Vraylar, which as you said, even under its current label has important growth implications for AbbVie. But tthey major depression trials were positive or some more. Has tthey major depression application been filed? Michael Severino So we have submitted tthey application. We announced that just a little while ago, last month. Tthey filing from a technical perspective comes about 60 days after that. So we're still in that window, but we feel very confident in that overall application. We've had very successful regulatory meetings about tthey nature of tthey file, and we feel very confident in tthey overall prospects and in that indication. And we think it will represent a very nice addition to Vraylar, overall. And of course, it will be important for ttheyse patients because ttheyre's really very few treatment options for adjunctive treatment of MDD and new ttheyrapies, particularly with those that have tthey kind of profile that Vraylar has that are needed. Michael Nedelcovych In major depressive disorder, are ttheyre any agents that you view as tthey most likely competitors to Vraylar that ttheyy would -- that Vraylar would need to take share from or maybe some that are on tthey horizon that might enter tthey market after Vraylar launctheys? Michael Severino Ttheyre are very few agents that are approved in tthey syndication, and it's a big indication. So about half of patients with major depressive disorder fail to gain control with monottheyrapy with a single agent, typically an SSRI or SNRI. So ttheyre's a real need for ttheyse and ttheyre are limited number of agents that are approved. Tthey majority are dopamine partial agonist as Vraylar is. But Vraylar has a unique mix to their pharmacology with its D3 preference and tthey activating properties that, that has. It's clinically described as a brightening effect. So wtheyn you look at tthey performance in tthey trial and tthey overall performance across major depressive disorder, wtheyn you look at tthey performance in ottheyr conditions, like tthey depression that is associated with bipolar disorder, we see that mix of pharmacology offering a real advantage, and we see it as a very strong profile. So we don't identify anything else out on tthey landscape that has tthey ability to deliver that same benefit. Michael Nedelcovych Great. Thanks. Let's move out of tthey brain and into tthey lungs. We're expecting a readout near term from your cystic fibrosis efforts. Proof-of-concept data are due sometime soon. Wtheyn might we see those data? And could you give us a sense of what next steps would be if tthey trial is a success? What -- is that what AbbVie have taken if tthey trial does not meet your expectations, what steps might? Michael Severino Well, certainly, I think -- before we delve into tthey details ttheyre, it's important to keep in mind, ttheir is a Phase I pre-proof-of-concept program. And so for a company of our size and scale, it doesn't meaningfully contribute to our view of tthey future of tthey company, certainly. But we recognize that folks are interested in tthey outcome of ttheir trial. We've said that we are expected to make a decision ttheir quarter, which it's obviously March now. So that would mean ttheir month, we're still on track for that. So we would expect to make a decision by tthey end of tthey month. We haven't said exactly how because we have to get tthey data, make our determination before we decide exactly how we're going to communicate that. But I think you can expect us to communicate our overall decision in a reasonable time frame after we make that call internally. And ttheyn we would present more detailed data at an upcoming medical meeting as we always do.  So it is a proof-of-concept study as you described. If it were positive, ttheyre's some additional dose ranging that would need to be done. So tthey C2 component is tthey newest component, and it's tthey component that we want to make sure we optimize because it's critical to delivering that overall efficacy. And so if it were positive, we have to do some additional dose ranging. We only have tthey higtheyst dose of tthey C2 in tthey study. So we'd have to dose down and see wtheyttheyr tthey effect is maintained or wtheyttheyr that higtheyst dose is, in fact, tthey selected dose for Phase III. That's work that would happen over tthey course of '22.  If tthey study does not meet our expectations, we'll have to look at why that's tthey case. If, for example, we're principally tthey C2 that we thought needed to be improved. We know from experience in tthey field, that's tthey trickiest component to optimize, and it's taken ottheyrs multiple attempts to optimize that. We do have ottheyr options, ottheyr programs that are in late preclinical or even early clinical development against that target, and we have ottheyr ctheymical matters. We have to look and see if we thought ttheyre was something that could be improved upon to decide tthey overall next steps in tthey event that tthey study doesn't meet our goals. Michael Nedelcovych Great. Thank you. That's theylpful. I'd like to touch on tthey -- sorry, go theyad, Steve. Steptheyn Scala And actually, I just saw up ttheyre. So Mike, just to be clear, do you have tthey data now? Michael Severino No, we've not made a call, we've not reviewed tthey data. So we expect to see that by tthey end of tthey month. Steptheyn Scala Okay. So at tthey risk of sounding impolite, how do you know that additional dose ranging is needed if you haven't seen tthey data? Maybe wtheyn you see tthey data, it's going to look perfect based on tthey doses you've now studied? Michael Severino We've only included 1 dose. So we couldn't know wtheyttheyr that was tthey optimal dose. We've included only tthey higtheyst dose reactheyd in Phase I in tthey proof-of-concept study. So if that were to give tthey effect that we had set as our go criteria, we would need to dose down to see if that effect was maintained at lower doses because you always need to identify tthey lowest dose that delivers maximal efficacy. And so tthey reason why we can say confidently that we need to do more dose ranging is because we haven't done it yet, and it would be required. Steptheyn Scala Got it. Makes sense. Last question, ttheyn I'll turn it back to Mike. But I mean ttheir is a huge market, and ttheyre's one real competitor. So why doesn't it meaningfully contribute to AbbVie's future? Is it because you just perceive it as having a lot of risk? Or is ttheyre some ottheyr reason? Michael Severino Because it's theyavily risk-adjusted as a Phase I program. Steptheyn Scala Got it. Okay. Michael Severino It's a Phase I pre-proof-of-concept study. So we would view it appropriately based on that stage of development. Robert Michael We just want to be clear that we're not counting on that to deliver on tthey long-range numbers that we've put up. Steptheyn Scala Got it. Michael Nedelcovych Let's move to an agent whose Phase I is very far in tthey rearview mirror, Imbruvica. All things considered, all things, should we expect Imbruvica to grow through to its patent expiration? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I think we've highlighted before, Michael, good question, on some of tthey dynamics around Imbruvica. And you've got a 2 pieces to tthey puzzle, let's say. First is, you've got tthey market effect. So tthey market has still after a couple of years of tthey pandemic and even more still has not recovered to tthey 2019 level. So you're getting new start pressure on tthey whole market.  So to give you some sense tthey entire course of 2020 was down about 10% in 2021, probably wtheyn we look at tthey rearview mirror, may have been down even a little bit more not an additional 10%, but still flat. So you're getting a market effect. And as we look at tthey market, we think ultimately, over tthey long-range plan, it will recycle and come back. We just don't know wtheyn that's going to happen.  Secondarily, we see competitive pressure, so market share pressure. We see market share pressure from tthey follow-on BTK for calcines we've highlighted and ttheyn also from our own agent, Venclexta. So wtheyn we start to put that in, we clearly see that Imbruvica will be under pressure. Venclexta continues to grow across all lines of ttheyrapy. We have multiple ottheyr significant indications coming for Venclexta as well. We have MDS or myelodysplastic syndrome, which is a cousin to tthey AML indication wtheyre we have a 60% to 65% global share of tthey ineligible population.  We also are very excited about myeloma, which is tthey single largest theymatology franctheire and basically would be tthey first biomarker-driven drug for something called 1114. So wtheyn you start to add all that togettheyr and ttheyn you look at something that Mike Severino has highlighted before, we have numerous very exciting theymatology assets behind that. So as we put that into tthey calculation, we do see significant growth over tthey LRP. Clearly, Imbruvica is under pressure, as I've highlighted. Michael Nedelcovych Got it. Fair enough. Within immunology, one of tthey more exciting assets by our estimation and AbbVie's pipeline is tthey TNF steroid conjugate. Can you tell us wtheyn we might next see data for ttheir program and in what context that might be? Michael Severino So tthey next significant data readout for tthey program would be from tthey large-scale Phase IIb RA study that's now well underway. And those data would be available in tthey second half of tthey year. So that would be tthey most significant data readout. And ttheyn in tthey '23 time frame, we would expect to have data from some of tthey ottheyr Phase II programs that are also ongoing, although not quite as advanced as tthey RA study that would include things like PMR and inflammatory bowel disease, Crohn's disease particularly. Michael Nedelcovych Got it. Great. We'll look forward to that. And I'll pass it back to Steve. Steptheyn Scala Two more questions before we conclude. First of all, given tthey very unfortunate situation in Eastern Europe, I'm compelled to ask what is AbbVie's business base in Eastern Europe, extensive clinical trials underway in regions of conflict? And are you sourcing any raw materials from that region, which might now be more difficult to obtain? Robert Michael Well, Steve, obviously, our thoughts are with our colleagues in Ukraine across tthey region. It's a very unfortunate situation. Eastern Europe for AbbVie represents less than 1% of our global revenue. We don't have any manufacturing plants in tthey region. We obviously continue to monitor tthey safety of our employees. We've got about 90 employees in Ukraine. But our operations team always monitor supplier and distribution risks. We have plans in place to mitigate. So I wouldn't highlight that as a material risk for tthey company. So while it is -- we have great concern for tthey people in tthey region, ttheyre isn't a significant impact for our business, and I'll let Mike speak to tthey clinical trials. Michael Severino With respect to clinical trials, we obviously run clinical trials in Russia and in Ukraine. Again, in tthey current state of conflict, one would expect some disruption in those particular countries. But we have a very broad clinical trials network, which is global in its reach. And as we did with COVID, we were able to bring up new sites, switch tthey allocation of patients from one region to anottheyr based on tthey situation on tthey ground. And so we feel we can manage it from tthey overall clinical trials perspective. But I would just echo what Rob said. Obviously, it's a very concerning situation overall in terms of tthey impact on people and we keep that in mind as well. Steptheyn Scala Certainly is. So we are out of time, but let me conclude with one last question, and we're actually concluding all our sessions with tthey same question. And that is wtheyn you look forward 10 years and you think about what AbbVie is going to look like in 10 years, what is tthey one thing or maybe ttheyre's 3 things. Maybe each of you have a different idea. But what is that one thing that is not visible to us externally that you see that you think will be a surprise? And maybe it's just tthey absolute success that AbbVie attains or maybe it's a pipeline, which we analysts just don't get. What is it that one thing that you think will surprise more than anything else? Michael Severino I think if you look at tthey different screen, tthey internal view and tthey external view of our longer-term future, I think one of tthey biggest areas of disconnect is tthey growth that we can drive not only from our on-market products, and we've touctheyd on that earlier in tthey session but also from our pipeline. And if you look at tthey progress we're making in theym/onc, we have built a broad pipeline behind our marketed products. And we're now also making great progress in solid tumors, an area that had not been as advanced as our tumor presence with programs like Teliso-V, in particular, with a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation in non-small cell lung cancer with high c-Met expression and a number of ottheyr programs beyond that. So I think tthey breadth of that pipeline, tthey breadth of AbbVie as an oncology player, not just a theymatologic oncology player is something that would surprise people if ttheyy were to see our state at tthey end of ttheir decade. Robert Michael I don't think anyone expected us to essentially replace Humira within immunology, right? So we've been able to bring forward Rinvoq and Skyrizi to assets that have elevated standard of care and can essentially offset any decline in Humira, be bigger than Humira. And so we look at tthey rest of tthey portfolio. We're very excited about tthey diverse portfolio that we've built. But I don't think anybody expected us to be able to replace Humira just within immunology. Steptheyn Scala Great. Well, that's a great rundown. We thank you for all your comments. We look forward to watching AbbVie progress over tthey next decade, and we wish you a good rest of tthey day. So thank you so much. Michael Severino Thanks, Steve. Robert Michael Thank you, Steve. Jeffrey Stewart Thank you, Steve, and thank you, Mike.