AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call February 2, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - VP, Head, IR Rick Gonzalez - Chairman and CEO Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Rob Michael - Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and CFO Jeff Stewart - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Jeremy Schumactheyr - Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary Conference Call Participants Chris Schott - JP Morgan Ronny Gal - Bernstein Andrew Baum - Citi Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Steve Scala - Cowen Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Josh Scthemmer - Evercore Chris Raymond - Piper Sandler Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Good morning. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is Jeremy Schumactheyr, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary.  Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today’s conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and theirtorical results for Allergan. For ttheir comparison of underlying performance, all theirtorically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie’s revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude tthey divestitures of Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth furttheyr exclude tthey impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So with that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I’ll provide perspective on our overall performance and outlook, and ttheyn Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our quarterly business highlights, pipeline progress, financial results and guidance for 2022 in more detail.  Our performances ttheir quarter tops off anottheyr excellent year for AbbVie with results well above our initial expectations. We delivered full year 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $12.70, representing growth of more than 20% versus tthey prior year. Full-year adjusted net revenues were more than $56 billion, up 10.5% on a comparable operational basis. Ttheyse results demonstrate balanced performance across each of our major growth franctheires, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, aesttheytics, and neuroscience. I’m extremely pleased with our momentum, and we’ve entered ttheir year in a strong position, which is reflected in our guidance. We anticipate 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $14 to $14.20, representing growth of 11% at tthey midpoint. Longer-term, we remain well positioned with an impressive set of diversified growth assets. In immunology, Skyrizi and Rinvoq are already contributing meaningful revenue, including $4.6 billion in combined sales last year with substantial growth anticipated in 2022 and beyond. Over tthey next few months, we expect to add several new indications to tthey list of approved uses for ttheyse two assets, at which point, Skyrizi and Rinvoq will be commercialized across all of Humira’s major indications, plus atopic dermatitis. With tthey strong performance that we’re seeing in ttheyir initial indications and tthey robust data we’ve demonstrated across our broad development programs, we expect combined peak sales for Skyrizi and Rinvoq to exceed tthey peak revenues achieved by Humira.  In theymatological oncology, we’ve establittheyyd a leading position with Imbruvica and Venclexta, which were both expected to remain important revenue contributors through tthey decade. To support our next wave of growth, we also have an exciting and diverse pipeline of promising new ttheyrapies to address critical unmet needs in both blood cancers and solid tumors. Notable opportunities from our mid to late stage oncology pipeline include Navitoclax for myelofibrosis, which has tthey potential to provide disease modification in a market wtheyre current treatments only address symptoms. At Epcoritamab, a potentially best-in-class CD3XCD20 for B-cell malignancies, including DLBCL and follicular lymphoma; ABBV-383, our BCMA CD3 bispecific, which has tthey potential to become a best-in-class treatment in multiple myeloma; and Teliso-V, our promising c-Met ADC being studied for nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, which was recently granted breakthrough ttheyrapy designation. In neuroscience, we have a portfolio of compelling and differentiated ttheyrapies to support robust long-term growth in migraine, Parkinson’s disease and psychiatric conditions. Ubrelvy and Qulipta are both demonstrating strong launch trajectories in migraine, with each treatment expected to contribute more than $1 billion in peak sales. Vraylar continues to have a significant opportunity with currently approved indications with peak sales expected to approach $4 billion. An approval in major depressive disorder represents upside to our current projections. And 951, a potentially transformative improvement to our current treatment options for patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease with peak sales also anticipated to be more than $1 billion. Our leading aesttheytics portfolio represents anottheyr extremely attractive growth opportunity. Ttheir business is performing well above expectations, delivering full year 2021 sales of more than $5.2 billion, $700 million higtheyr than our initial guidance. AbbVie’s increased promotional investments are driving accelerated category growth, especially in toxins and fillers, wtheyre ttheyre is substantial room for additional market penetration globally. Dedicated resources are also of focused on delivering new product innovation within aesttheytics, with several exciting R&D programs internally, including both short-acting and long-acting toxins, as well as novel fillers with biostimulatory or regenerative features. And we remain active with business development to pursue promising external technologies and complementary opportunities, including tthey recently closed Soliton acquisition, which furttheyr expands our body contouring portfolio. Given ttheir focus and investment, we expect our aesttheytics franctheire to deliver high single digit revenue growth, through tthey end of tthey decade, including sales of more than $9 billion in 2029. Lastly, we’ve developed a robust pipeline, including numerous attractive late-stage programs, novel early stage ttheyrapies in a growing range of potential platform technologies, which we expect will collectively contribute to our growth through tthey decade. With tthey actions that we’ve taken to diversify our sources of growth, we remain very confident in tthey long-term outlook for our business. Following tthey U.S. Humira LOE event in 2023, we expect to quickly return to growth in 2024 and deliver high-single-digit growth from 2025 to tthey end of tthey decade. Ttheir is a testament to tthey strength of AbbVie’s broad and balanced portfolio. In summary, ttheir is an exciting time for our Company. We’re demonstrating excellent execution across our portfolio, and our long-term growth prospects remain very strong. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Jeff. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. Looking at our quarterly results, we continue to demonstrate excellent commercial execution across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio. I’ll start with immunology, which delivered global revenues of more than $6.7 billion, reflecting growth of 13.3% on an operational basis. Global Humira sales were $5.3 billion, up 3.5%, with 6% revenue growth in tthey U.S. offset by biosimilar competition across tthey international markets, wtheyre revenues were down 8.8% on an operational basis. Skyrizi is performing extremely well. Global sales of nearly $900 million were up 12.4% on a sequential basis, reflecting continued market share gains. Skyrizi has now surpassed Humira as tthey leader for total prescriptions in tthey U.S. psoriasis biological market, with share of approximately 20%. We are also now leading tthey market in several international geographies, including Japan. Total in-place share, which includes both new and switching patients, remains very and now, reflects roughly 37% patient share in tthey U.S. as well as leadership in nearly 20 key countries around tthey world. Skyrizi is also now approved for its second major indication, to treat adults with active psoriatic arthritis, furttheyr enhancing its compelling profile in dermatology. Field promotion is now active globally and early feedback from physicians has been very positive. Given Skyrizi’s demonstrated skin clearance and joint efficacy in our PSA clinical program, with nearly 30% of patients visiting dermatologists, having both, skin and joint involvement, ttheir new approval will sustain Skyrizi’s strong momentum. In addition, we are preparing for tthey launch of Skyrizi’s in Crohn’s disease, an indication with very meaningful long-term revenue potential, with regulatory approvals in both, tthey U.S. and Europe anticipated ttheir year. Rinvoq also continues to demonstrate robust growth. Global sales of more than $500 million were up 14% on a sequential basis. Prescriptions in RA remain strong with a total market share of more than 5.5% in tthey U.S. and nearly 5% across key international markets. We’re very pleased with tthey competitive labels for both PSA and atopic dermatitis, wtheyre we are making excellent progress with ttheyir launctheys globally. In atopic dermatitis, dermatologists appreciate key elements of Rinvoq’s new label, including tthey incorporation of stringent skin and itch endpoints, reflective of tthey performance in our registrational trials, as well as an adolescent indication and dosing flexibility. Managed care access is expected to ramp fairly quickly for both atopic dermatitis and PSA in tthey U.S. We are also preparing for tthey launctheys of Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis and axial SpA with regulatory approvals for both indications anticipated ttheir year as well. Overall, we continue to feel very good about tthey performance and progress we’re making with both, Rinvoq and Skyrizi, which are expected to contribute more than $15 billion in combined risk adjusted global sales in 2025. In theymatologic oncology, global revenues were nearly $1.9 billion, up 4.7% on an operational basis. Venclexta once again, delivered robust growth. Sales were up 34% on an operational basis with strong share performance across all approved indications. Imbruvica global revenues were down 2.7%, reflecting a slower than anticipated market recovery in CLL and increased share pressure from newer ttheyrapies. In neuroscience, revenues were more than $1.6 billion, up 19% on an operational basis, including robust double-digit growth for both, Vraylar and Botox Ttheyrapeutic. I’m also very pleased with our performance in migraine, wtheyre we have a portfolio of multiple distinct ttheyrapies to address tthey full spectrum of ttheir disease. Ttheir includes our two leading oral CGRP ttheyrapies. Ubrelvy for acute migraine, which delivered total sales of $183 million, up 13% on a sequential basis, we anticipate robust sales growth again ttheir year based on Ubrelvy’s competitive profile, continued strong new patient starts and a rapidly expanding CGRP segment. And we also have Qulipta, tthey only oral CGRP treatment specifically developed for tthey prevention of episodic migraine. Tthey launch is going extremely well. Wtheyn considering both paid and bridge volume Qulipta is already capturing nearly 20% of tthey new-to-brand share in tthey preventative CGRP class. Roughly three months post-launch, ttheir is an incredible accomplishment and it’s a testament to Qulipta’s demonstrated efficacy, including rapid and meaningful reduction in migraine days. We expect commercial access for Qulipta to ramp quickly in tthey first half of ttheir year. In eye care, revenues of $960 million were up 3.9% on an operational basis, including $364 million in sales from Restasis. Lastly, Mavyret were $427 million, down 10.1% on an operational basis, as treated patient volumes remained suppressed compared to pre-COVID levels. Overall, I’m very pleased with tthey performance and tthey momentum across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio. And with that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike? Michael Severino Thank you, Jeff. We made significant advancement across all stages of our pipeline in 2021, and we expect continued progress again ttheir year. In immunology, we had several recent important regulatory updates. We implemented safety and indication updates to our RA label for Rinvoq, and also received FDA approval in psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis to curing strong labels that highlight Rinvoq’s favorable benefit risk profile in both new indications. In atopic dermatitis, we received approval for both tthey 15 milligram and 30 milligram doses, and based on tthey impressive levels of skin clearance and itch reduction demonstrated in our development program, we believe Rinvoq will be an important new treatment option for adult and adolescent patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis, who have not responded well to ottheyr systemic agents, such as cyclosporine, methotrexate, azathioprine, or biologics. We also have regulatory applications under review for Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and non-radiographic axial SpA. We expect an FDA approval decision next month for ulcerative colitis, in tthey second quarter for ankylosing spondylitis, and in tthey fourth quarter for non-radiographic axial SpA. In Europe, we anticipate approval decisions for ulcerative colitis and non-radiographic axial SpA in tthey second half of tthey year. We’re nearing completion of Rinvoq’s registrational program in Crohn’s disease, which is tthey last major indication expansion program for Rinvoq. We recently announced positive top-line results from tthey first Phase 3 Crohn’s induction study, wtheyre Rinvoq demonstrated a very impact on clinical remission and endoscopic response in a difficult-to-treat refractory patient population. We expect to see results from tthey second Phase 3 Crohn’s induction study and from tthey maintenance study in tthey first half of ttheir year with regulatory submissions anticipated in tthey second half of 2022. Also in immunology, we recently received FDA approval for Skyrizi in psoriatic arthritis, an important indication expansion for ttheir asset. Based on tthey strong joint efficacy and tthey high level of skin clearance that Skyrizi provided in our registrational trials, we believe Skyrizi will be very competitively positioned as an effective new treatment option for psoriatic arthritis patients. We also have regulatory applications under review for Skyrizi in Crohn’s disease with approval decisions expected in tthey U.S. next month and in Europe, later ttheir year. We’ve seen impressive results in our Crohn’s disease program, and we believe Skyrizi has tthey potential to become an important new ttheyrapy in ttheir market, wtheyre ttheyre continues to be considerable unmet need. We’re making very good progress with our early-stage immunology pipeline as well, wtheyre we are developing novel agents with tthey goal of significantly advancing tthey standard-of-care across our core areas, by providing deeper and more durable responses. Our anti-TNF steroid ADC ABBV-154 is a novel approach for delivering a potent steroid that has tthey potential to provide durable remission in diseases such as RA, PMR and Crohn’s disease. We expect to see preliminary data from our Phase 2 dose ranging study in RA in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. We also expect to see Phase 2 proof-of-concept data in PMR and Crohn’s disease in 2023. In dermatology, our early-stage efforts are focused on developing oral agents that can provide clear skin with durable responses. Our RoRγT inverse agonist, ABBV-157 is designed to more effectively inhibit IL-17 production compared to pure antagonists, which has tthey potential to result in a greater impact on skin inflammation. We’ve recently been again a Phase 2 dose ranging study for 157 in psoriasis. Moving to oncology, wtheyre we continue to make good progress across all stages of our pipeline. We recently received an FDA breakthrough ttheyrapy designation for Teliso-V in second line plus advanced or metastatic nonsquamous, non-small cell lung cancer, based on tthey encouraging results we’ve seen to-date in our clinical program. Treatment options for patients who have exhausted platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy, immunottheyrapy and targeted ttheyrapy are limited to single agent ctheymo, which typically provides response rates of only 15% to 20%, with a median overall survival of less than one year. Prognosis for ttheyse patients is very poor. While targeted ttheyrapies have been approved by tthey FDA for tthey 3% to 4% of non-small cell lung cancer patients, harboring MET exon 14 skipping mutations, ttheyre are currently no ttheyrapies approved, specifically for tthey much larger group of patients, who exhibit c-Met protein overexpression. Patients with overexpressed c-Met represents about 25% to 30% of tthey advanced or metastatic nonsquamous, non-small cell lung cancer population with wild-type EGFR, which corresponds to an incidence of approximately 35,000 patients each year in tthey U.S. In stage 1 of our Phase 2 study, we saw promising efficacy in theyavily pretreated patients who received Teliso-V, including a 54% objective response rate in those with highly expressed c-Met. Tthey second stage of tthey Phase 2 study is ongoing and has tthey potential to support an accelerated approval in second-line plus advanced metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer. We expect to see additional data from ttheir study next year. We also recently began tthey clinical program for our next-generation c-Met ADC, ABBV-400, which utilizes a more potent topoisomerase inhibitor payload to potentially drive deeper tumor responses in patients with both, intermediate and high levels of c-Met expression. We also expect to see data ttheir year from several important indication expansion programs for Venclexta, including results from tthey Phase 3 CANOVA trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with a t(11;14) mutation as well as results from our program for Venclexta in previously untreated higtheyr-risk MDS patients, wtheyre we received a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation. We plan to submit our regulatory applications to tthey FDA in tthey first half of ttheir year for an accelerated approval in MDS, and late in ‘22 or early ‘23 for multiple myeloma. Both indications represent important expansion opportunities for Venclexta and will theylp drive long-term growth for our oncology portfolio. We are also making very good progress with epcoritamab, wtheyre we continue to generate strong data in early-stage studies to support our view that epcoritamab has tthey potential to become a differentiated and best-in-class CD3xCD20 bispecific across several B-cell malignancies including diffuse B cell and follicular lymphomas. We’ll see monottheyrapy data in tthey third quarter from tthey Phase 2 expansion cohort in DLBCL, which has tthey potential to support a submission for accelerated approval in tthey second half of ttheir year. We also have a Phase 3 study ongoing in third-line relapsed/refractory DLBCL and we plan to initiate several additional Phase 3 trials ttheir year, including studies in earlier lines of ttheyrapy for diffuse B-cell lymphoma in multiple combinations, as well as in follicular lymphoma in combination with rituximab and Revlimid. Ttheir year, we’ll also see additional data maturing from our cohort expansion studies for ABBV-383, both as a monottheyrapy and in combination with standard-of-care and novel agents in multiple myeloma. We believe our BCMA-CD3 bispecific has tthey potential to be differentiated on efficacy, safety and dosing interval and can be best-in-class across multiple lines of ttheyrapy. We plan to initiate Phase 3 studies later ttheir year in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. We also continue to make good progress with Navitoclax in myelofibrosis, wtheyre we’ve seen strong mid-stage data supporting our view that Navitoclax has tthey potential to provide disease modification, which we believe will lead to improved and durable clinical outcomes for patients. We expect a Phase 3 data readout and regulatory submissions in tthey first half of next year, with approval anticipated near tthey end of 2023. Moving to neuroscience, wtheyre we expect several important pipeline events in 2022 as well. We recently completed discussions with tthey FDA and are preparing to submit our application for Vraylar as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder. Based on tthey totality of tthey data and tthey strong benefit-risk profile demonstrated in our clinical program, we believe Vraylar has tthey potential to be competitively positioned as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder. We expect a submission in tthey first quarter and an approval decision by tthey end of tthey year. We’ve also completed our registration-enabling program for ABBV-951, our novel subcutaneous levodopa/carbidopa delivery system for treatment of advanced Parkinson’s disease. In our Phase 3 studies, 951 proved superior to oral levodopa/carbidopa in reducing motor fluctuations in ttheir advanced population, and we believe our innovative new delivery system represents a potentially transformative improvement to current treatment options. We remain on track to submit our regulatory applications in tthey first half of ttheir year in tthey U.S. and Europe, with both approval decisions anticipated in early 2023. And we expect to see Phase 3 data for Qulipta in chronic migraine prevention later in tthey first quarter and plan to submit our regulatory applications in both, tthey U.S. and Europe ttheir summer, with approval decisions expected in tthey first half of 2023. So, in summary, we remain focused on continuing to execute on our pipeline programs and anticipate numerous important regulatory and clinical milestones across all stages of our pipeline in 2022. Ttheir includes important indication expansion for on-market drugs and data readouts and regulatory actions for key late-stage assets as well as proof-of-concept data from several early-stage NME programs. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our fourth quarter performance and our 2022 financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Mike. AbbVie once again delivered outstanding performance while also advancing our strategic priorities. Tthey strong results across our portfolio continue to support AbbVie’s long-term growth outlook. Starting with fourth quarter results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.31, up 13.4% compared to prior year and $0.05 above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were $14.9 billion, up 7.5% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.1% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 49.3% of sales, an improvement of 240 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 83.6% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 12.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 22.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $571 million, and tthey adjusted tax rate was 12.5%. Shifting to 2022, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is between $14 and $14.20, reflecting growth of 11% at tthey midpoint. Excluded from ttheir guidance is $4.74 of known intangible amortization and specified items. We expect adjusted net revenue of approximately $60 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.8% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Ttheir revenue forecast compretheynds tthey following approximate assumptions for our key products and ttheyrapeutic areas. We expect Immunology Global sales to grow double digits, including U.S. Humira growth of 8%, International Humira revenue of $2.6 billion at current exchange rates, Skyrizi Global sales of $4.4 billion and Rinvoq Global sales of $2.7 billion. In theymatologic oncology, we expect Venclexta global sales of $2.3 billion and Imbruvica global revenue of $5.4 billion. Tthey Imbruvica forecast assumes market recovery in CLL, offset by share erosion from increased competition. For aesttheytics, we expect global sales of $5.9 billion, including $2.6 billion for Botox Cosmetic and $1.7 billion from Juvederm. For neuroscience, we expect global revenue of $6.9 billion, including Botox Ttheyrapeutic sales of $2.7 billion, Vraylar sales of $2.2 billion, Ubrelvy sales of $800 million and Qulipta sales of $200 million with commercial access increasing rapidly in tthey first half of tthey year. For eye care, we expect global sales of $2.9 billion, including $700 million from Restasis, which assumes no generic competition in tthey first half of 2022. Lastly, we expect Mavyret global revenue of $1.7 billion. Looking at tthey P&L for 2022, we are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin of approximately 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.8 billion and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately $12.7 billion. Ttheir guidance includes approximately $2.5 billion in expense synergies from tthey Allergan acquisition. We are forecasting tthey adjusted operating margin ratio to expand by 120 basis points to approximately 51.5% of sales. We expect adjusted net interest expense approaching $2.2 billion, our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 12.7% and our share count to be roughly flat to 2021. Turning to tthey first quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $13.5 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.3% unfavorable impact on sales growth. Ttheir revenue forecast compretheynds tthey following approximate assumptions for our key ttheyrapeutic areas: Immunology sales of $6.2 billion, HemOnc revenue of $1.7 billion, aesttheytic sales of $1.3 billion, neuroscience revenue of $1.5 billion and eye care sales of $900 million. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 51% of sales, and we model a non-GAAP tax rate of 12.4%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.10 and $3.14, excluding approximately $1.22 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, AbbVie’s strong business performance and outlook continue to support our capital allocation priorities. We expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of approximately $24 billion in 2022, which is net of roughly $1 billion in Skyrizi royalty payments. Ttheir cash flow will fully support a strong and growing dividend, which we have increased by more than 250% since inception; continued debt repayment, wtheyre we expect to pay down just above $12 billion of debt in 2022 and estimate a net leverage ratio of 1.8 times by tthey end of tthey year. Our strong cash flow also allows for continued business development, with approximately $2 billion allocated annually to augment our pipeline with tthey most promising external technologies and innovative ttheyrapies. In closing, we are very pleased to AbbVie’s strong results in 2021. And we expect to deliver robust performance in 2022 and over tthey long term. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we’ll take tthey first question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Chris Schott with JP Morgan. Chris Schott Great. Thanks so much for tthey questions. I just have a couple theyre digging into Rinvoq in a little bit more detail. I guess, first in rtheyumatoid arthritis, can you just -- it looks like volumes have plateaued a little bit. It’s probably not hugely surprising given label revision, but just elaborate a little bit more on tthey feedback you’re getting from physicians ttheyre. And wtheyn you anticipate you’ll start to see sequential growth again in that indication? Tthey second question I had on Rinvoq was ttheyn on atopic derm. Just elaborate again a little bit more on tthey ramp you’re expecting theyre. Is ttheir something that’s going to take some time, or do you view that ttheyre’s some low-hanging fruit maybe with some of tthey DP failures? I’m really just trying to get to with all of ttheyse is, I guess, tthey $2.7 billion guidance, how much of that’s RA? How much of it is new indication? Just a little bit more color on that front. Thanks so much. Jeff Stewart Yes. Thanks. Hi. It’s Jeff. I’ll give you some sense on what’s happening with RA. So, tthey RA market after tthey drug safety and label is progressing as we anticipated. So, I’ll give you some sense, and I’ll refer to sort of in-play share because you have to be a little bit careful in tthey December, January time frame with overall volumes in tthey market. But right before tthey Drug Safety Communication, we had about a 16% in-place share in RA, which was just right behind Humira. So very, very strong. If we look at wtheyre that’s trended over tthey fourth quarter, it’s dropped about 20%. Okay? So, it’s about 14 reported in October, just over 13 in November, very consistent with what we thought would happen. So, about a 20% shift in new-to-brand starts over that time period. And what we see from tthey market is it’s exactly as we would expect, very, very stable, no change really in second-line plus and doctors start to suppress ttheyir starts in first-line consistent with tthey label. So, what we’re going to see is that as basically tthey promotion kicks back in theyre after December in tthey first quarter, we’re going to see that type of stability, which we can see is very, very clear from our overall share in our weeklies and start to progress as we shift and pivot towards that second-line plus. So, tthey market is responding very similar to our expectations that we’ve been talking about in terms of overall RA. Obviously, PsA is going to theylp build upon that RA dynamic and ttheyn ultimately, later in tthey year, tthey big axial approvals as well. So, everything is progressing as we thought it would progress from a market perspective. In terms of atopic dermatitis, listen, I said in my prepared remarks, we’re very pleased with tthey label. We have those stringent endpoints of tthey EASI 90, tthey high skin clearance, very powerful itch reduction are reflected in our label. We obviously have both doses approved. Tthey market, I can tell you, has been very pleasantly surprised about tthey adolescent indication, which is -- it’s very important. So, that’s basically -- we’re going to start to see that ramp. It won’t -- we don’t think it’s going to be slow. And to your point, in terms of our ability to start to capture patients, it’s happening already. We obviously haven’t reported any of tthey TRxs yet, but we can see it in tthey market. And typically, it’s falling into a couple of areas. First, dupi failures, not a surprise, and ttheyre’s a reasonably significant number of people after 4 or 5 years that just have failed and exited tthey market. Ttheyy’re going to come back in. We have reports from our research and our teams over partial responders to dupi that just aren’t doing well, in particular with tthey itch. We see some early starts ttheyre. And ttheyn, of course, challenging patients in general, we are seeing starts ttheyre as well with those higtheyr levels of skin involvement. So tthey market seems to be progressing as we expected. It’s not surprising that as we look at tthey development of tthey second-line market, we’re going to see initially most of tthey starts in tthey dupi partial responders or tthey nonresponders, which is a fairly significant population. Also, as I mentioned, that we will start to see our access ramp fairly quickly theyre over tthey first part of tthey year. So, we’re encouraged. Maybe I can turn it over to Rob to give a sense over tthey relative magnitude of tthey sales. Rob Michael Thanks, Jeff. Chris, ttheir is Rob. So of tthey Rinvoq guidance of $2.7 billion, tthey AD and spine indications will each contribute a couple of hundred million dollars, while UC will contribute around $100 million. And to keep in mind in terms of sequential growth, keep in mind, in tthey U.S., you tend to see from Q4 to Q1, it’s a sequential decline. So that’s just a seasonal dynamic that we see across tthey business. So you would see sequential growth resume in Q2 and beyond. Operator Our next question comes from Ronny Gal from Bernstein. Ronny Gal First question is around Humira. I was wondering if you guys will be in a position to give us some sort of a floor number in 2023 based on payer contracts. Sometimes ttheir year, obviously, tthey market is looking for that. And ttheyn, wtheyn I talk to payers, it seems a lot of tthey decisions about what product ttheyy would use longer term will not happen in 2023. That will happen in 2024. You kind of talked about kind of like a decline and ttheyn a quick ramp-up. Do you see tthey floor theyre in 2023, or do you see it in 2024? And ttheyn, if I could sneak one more. You have one of tthey largest differences between GAAP and non-GAAP earnings in tthey industry because of that Allergan acquisition. As you look at tthey amortization period and so forth, wtheyn do you think ttheir thing will begin to narrow in a significant way just because that’s a concern for some investors? Rick Gonzalez Okay. Ronny, ttheir is Rick Gonzalez. I’ll take tthey Humira questions. I think if you look at tthey guidance we provided thus far, I mean, I think that’s consistent with how we see tthey market playing out overall. We’ve said basically you should be thinking about 45% erosion, plus or minus 10%, that’s probably a reasonable range. Nothing has really given us any indication that it should be different than that at ttheir point. I think we will be in a position as we move later on ttheir year to potentially be able to provide some more specificity around that. We should be through all of tthey contracting at that point, in a better position to be able to understand tthey ramp and tthey change that will occur over that period of time, and we certainly want to provide guidance wtheyn we have confidence that we can give you a high degree of specificity of what that guidance looks like. As it relates to your question about floor for Humira, I think your question is, will tthey floor for Humira be in ‘23 or ‘24. And I believe you’ll see furttheyr erosion from ‘23 to ‘24 on tthey Humira business alone. But what we have described is we returned to growth on tthey overall business. So, you have to think about it from tthey perspective of ttheir underlying growth engine that gets suppressed in ‘23 by tthey significant erosion that you see around Humira, both price and some volume. And ttheyn, as that continues, it continues at a slower pace wtheyn we get into ‘24. So, tthey overall business has tthey ability to be able to drive growth for tthey total Company. But yes, Humira would continue to decline in ‘24. And ttheyn Rob, why don’t you cover tthey third one? Rob Michael Sure, Ronny, ttheir is Rob. So wtheyn you look at our adjustments to specified intangible amortization, I’d say intangible amortization is like 70% of it and ttheir is on tthey $4.74 guidance that we’ve given ttheir year. And that will continue. Obviously, those things fall off over a number of years. But I would say that’s probably a level that I would assume would be present for tthey next several years. Anottheyr big component is kind of tthey contingent consideration given that we’re -- that’s purchase accounting, and we record that accretion as such, that will certainly fluctuate over time. But I’d say those are tthey two biggest components of tthey guide ttheir year. And certainly, integration costs are starting to wind down, so you would expect to see those come down. But it is going down from last year. And so you would expect it potentially trend down. But overall, I think you can model ttheir level going forward. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Baum with Citi. Andrew Baum A couple of questions. Firstly, on Imbruvica. As we move into 2022 and tthey COVID dynamic shakes out, we’ll be able to see tthey impact of competition versus COVID. Assuming that a significant chunk of tthey U.S. slowing growth rate or decline is due to competition, what can be done to recoup tthey momentum against tthey narrative, particularly of Calquence? And ttheyn second, in terms of your aesttheytics business, you terminated your contract with Medytox liquid formulation. Ttheyre are competitive products coming to market as well as increasing price competition. How much of that is concerned or as your franctheire and tthey breadth of tthey portfolio enough to minimize any impact of novel formulations? Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi, Andrew, it’s Jeff. So, thanks. And you’re right that we still have tthey continuing lingering effect with COVID, and Rob addressed that in their comments. So, we still see tthey market versus ‘19 levels down about 10% and even marginally down from 2020 in Q4. So we anticipate that that will moderate go forward. And ttheyn we’re left to manage tthey competitive impact. So, we are seeing competitive BTKs have some impact on Imbruvica, but we’re also seeing tthey competitive impact from our own Venclexta. So we have to start to think about looking at tthey combination of tthey AbbVie position, which is still very, very strong. To give you some sense in second-line, we have 45% share of tthey market, and it’s even higtheyr in third-line, and it’s in tthey 30s for frontline. So, we have to continue, which is our strategy to highlight wtheyre we have a lot of distinction, which is tthey strength of our data across every comparator in CLL, tthey overall survival benefit, and ttheyn also bring tthey strength of our overall portfolio. So, that’s how we plan to mitigate it. As Rob mentioned, we see market recovery offset by some share pressure on Imbruvica, mitigated by positive Ven impact. So, that’s how we see tthey market develop as we go into 2022. We also are seeing some pricing pressure in some select segments that are also contributing to tthey share loss for Imbruvica. And obviously, we -- as much as we can, we keep tthey pricing discipline in tthey market moving forward. So, I hope that context theylps. Rick Gonzalez Andrew, ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover tthey Aesttheytics questions for you. And certainly, as you look at Botox, both theyre in tthey U.S. and internationally, it competes today against a significant number of competitive alternatives that are available. I think it’s a pretty impressive position that Botox has in tthey market. Wtheyn you look at tthey brand equity that it has, wtheyn you look at tthey confidence that injectors have in using tthey product, ttheyy tend to describe it as tthey most forgiving of all tthey toxins that ttheyy have experience with. And ttheyn ttheyre’s obviously a fairly significant customer loyalty aspect to Botox with tthey loyalty programs and Allergan has a very significant loyalty program that offers patients incentives to be able to use tthey product and to go back and get repeat procedures. Having said all of that, we feel confident in tthey position that we have competitively against tthey competitive alternatives that we see out ttheyre and those that we see coming. We have a very active R&D effort in tthey aesttheytics R&D group now that’s looking at next-generation toxins. Two in particular that we highlighted in tthey comments earlier are we had a short-acting toxin that’s in development that’s progressing very nicely, and we have a true long-acting toxin that’s in development as well. And we believe that those will theylp grow tthey market. But, if I look at tthey market now, obviously, we’ve seen significant acceleration in tthey market since we’ve activated many of tthey strategies that we put in place after acquiring Allergan. But if I look at our overall share, overall share has stayed very steady, in fact, might have ticked up one point in tthey latest set of data. So, that tells you that we’re not only growing tthey market very rapidly but we’re continuing to compete quite effectively against tthey alternatives that are out ttheyre. So, I’m not overly concerned about what I see on tthey horizon. I think, we have tthey opportunity to build tthey market even larger with some of tthey next generation toxins that we’re working on wtheyn we bring those to tthey marketplace. So, I feel good about our position in toxins and in fillers as we move forward. Operator Our next question comes from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities. Vamil Divan So, a couple. I always appreciate all tthey guidance. You guys gave both near term and longer term. Just a couple of questions I have related to more of tthey longer-term guidance you’ve given. In tthey past, you had talked about your HemOnc franctheire sort of in peak sales or sales I guess in 2025 of around $13 billion. Wtheyn you updated some of your numbers earlier last month, I don’t think you updated that one. So, I’m just curious if you still think that that’s a reasonable sort of 2025 expectation? And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr one is around Ubrelvy, wtheyre you’ve sort of stayed with ttheir guidance of sort of more than $1 billion in peak sales. But you’re already guiding to $800 million of sales just in ttheir current year, pretty early in tthey launch. So, I’m just wondering if you can maybe give a little better sense of how you’re viewing sort of tthey longer-term opportunity for Ubrelvy and maybe if you want to mention Qulipta, I know that’s early, but at least for Ubrelvy, do you think ttheyre’s significant upside to that $1 billion number you’ve mentioned before? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Vamil, ttheir is Rick. So, I’ll cover tthey first one, and ttheyn I’m going to have Jeff cover tthey Ubrelvy question that you’ve asked. So, it’s a good question. Obviously, tthey HemOnc market in tthey areas that we participate in, in particular, I would say CLL has changed over tthey last several years. I think one of tthey -- certainly, one of tthey things that was not ever anticipated in that guidance was tthey impact that COVID would have on tthey market and tthey reduction that we saw in tthey number of new patients, which was quite sizable. And that obviously wasn’t contemplated in it. And tthey second thing is we are seeing certainly more competitive pressure, both from price and some volume than we anticipated in that time frame. Having said all of that and -- well, I’d say a third item is, certainly, Venclexta is performing well as well. And I’d say, it’s tended to exceed some of our expectations, at least at ttheir point within tthey launch trajectory of tthey brand. So, all of those have factors in what we’re describing theyre. I’d also say we have done a nice job of building out our HemOnc portfolio from an R&D standpoint. Wtheyn I look at some of those assets that I described in my opening comments, I think ttheyy’re going to have a very significant opportunity. As an example, one that I didn’t mention ttheyre would be Venclexta and tthey t(11;14) multiple myeloma population. That could be a very significant opportunity, we feel good about that. We should get a readout on that. And we think that could be a significant contributor to both improvement in in-patient ttheyrapy, but also a significant improvement in tthey overall revenue in tthey franctheire. And ttheyn, you have things like Navitoclax and epcoritamab and 383, those are all significant opportunities to be able to drive growth. So, I still feel confident in tthey overall ability for us to grow our HemOnc franctheire. Having said that, I would say, Imbruvica is under more pressure than we anticipated. Wtheyn we put that guidance out, at that point, we didn’t even contemplate a follow-on BTKs in any meaningful way. But we do see more competitive pressure ttheyre. But overall, I’d say, I still feel very confident in our ability to be able to grow that, that will be a growth franctheire for tthey Company over tthey long term. Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi Vamil, it’s Jeff. So, just to answer your question on Ubrelvy in tthey overall market. Certainly, we’re very pleased, as I mentioned in my remarks, over tthey momentum on Ubrelvy. We continue to lead in that acute space. And tthey early results for Qulipta are also very strong. Now, a lot of it is going to depend on how that CGRP market develops. So, if you think about it in ttheir way, and ttheir is how we think about it is, is it’s about in terms of new patient capture for tthey total Ubrelvy market, wtheyre we also compete with anottheyr player from Biohaven. It’s about 18% to 19% of tthey market. And tthey market is also with tthey expanded triptan market, of course. So, if you look at that, tthey payers certainly like you to step through one or more triptans. Wtheyn you look at tthey population that may not be eligible for a triptan or fails a triptan, tthey estimates are typically up to 30% to 35%. And so, tthey market has potential room to sort of double into that epidemiology. So, you can kind of run tthey numbers ttheyre. I mean, we often get tthey question, is it over $1 billion? Is it closer to $1 billion or is it closer to a higtheyr number. But nonettheyless, we’re pleased. Certainly, it’s exceeded our expectations so far, and Qulipta has as well. So, I think ttheyre’s more room for tthey market to run, but we’ll have to see. I mean, ttheyre are payer pressures in tthey market, as I mentioned, in terms of tthey step-through ttheyrapy. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Scala from Cowen. Steve Scala I have a couple of questions. At a high level, I struggle to understand why 2022 won’t be a stronger year than tthey guide on tthey earnings line. Skyrizi and Botox are doing ptheynomenally. Rinvoq is holding its own. Humira will still be exclusive in tthey U.S. for tthey whole year and should be at peak profitability and tthey pandemic less an obstacle. So, why won’t 2022 look more like or even better than 2021 in terms of earnings power? And secondly, ttheyre was no mention of tthey CF program even in tthey upcoming milestones. Any thoughts on tthey timing of tthey triplet data? In tthey past, I would describe AbbVie confidence as being no more than moderate. Has it changed one way or tthey ottheyr? Rick Gonzalez Steve, ttheir is Rick. Maybe Rob and I will tag team your first question, and ttheyn Michael will cover your second question. I think if I look at 2022 and I look at our overall performance coming off of a strong year in 2021, it’s pretty impressive performance. Wtheyn I look at tthey EPS growth, certainly, do we have an opportunity to drive it harder? I can tell you, every year, we endeavor to drive it as hard as we can drive it. And wtheyn I look at all of tthey businesses individually, and I look at ttheyir ability to be able to perform, I’m extremely confident in tthey trajectory that we have going forward. Specifically, we’re assuming as an example, in HCV that ttheyre’s still a COVID impact in HCV. So, I wouldn’t say tthey pandemic is completely gone in 2022. But, I’d say, overall, tthey brands are performing well. We’re investing in tthey business to ensure that we continue to be able to drive long-term performance. And so certainly, that obviously drives some expectations around what tthey EPS growth will be year-over-year. I don’t know, Rob, anything you’d like to add? Rob Michael I mean, I think it’s a good point and that we are fully investing to support tthey long-term growth. If you think about we’re launching AD, that’s a new area for us. Qulipta and Vuity, we’re also going to fully invest ttheyre. Aesttheytics, we’ve seen that tthey strength of tthey investment in aesttheytics in tthey way we’ve been able to grow tthey market. So that’s really important. At tthey same time, we’re expanding operating margin. We’re exceeding our expectations for synergies. And so, you’re seeing us deliver anottheyr year of operating margin expansion. So, I’d say, we’re top tier in operating margin, very theyalthy P&L profile. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr thing that you probably have to factor in theyre is that we’ve assumed half year Restasis as well. We don’t really have visibility to tthey generic until we make an assumption every time we update guidance six months out. So that’s something that if you look at year-over-year that you should figure into your comparisons. But overall, we’re very pleased with delivering double-digit growth in earnings and seeing anottheyr year of very strong operating margin expansion while fully investing to support tthey growth of tthey business. Michael Severino And ttheir is Mike. I’ll take tthey question on CF. I think, it’s important to keep in mind that ttheir is a pre proof-of-concept program that doesn’t contribute in any meaningful way to our long-term outlook and doesn’t factor into our thinking about tthey long-term potential in tthey pipeline. And tthey way we have discussed it is consistent with that view. We’ve always said that it represents significant upside if it were to hit, but it’s an early program. With respect to tthey timing of tthey data, we continue to track towards tthey timing that we’ve described previously. We would expect to have data from tthey triple, sufficient to enable a go/no-go decision later on ttheir quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Tim Anderson A couple of questions. I’m guessing that as we move through 2022, investors are going to start to have some concerns about 2023 earnings, what tthey impact from Humira could be, and you talked about having more visibility on Humira contracting later ttheir year. My question is, is it possible you’ll actually give us 2023 earnings guidance sometime ttheir year, like at Q3 results as an example? And ttheyn, my second question, just going back to CF data. You said in mid-November that you would actually have that data in-house by tthey end of tthey year. So, theyre we are four weeks later, we haven’t really seen anything. My question is, do you actually have that data in-house? Did you hit that timeline of end of year, if not, what’s going on? And what changed in that short window? Rick Gonzalez Okay. Tim, ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover your first question. Mike can address tthey second one. We certainly are in a position now to be able to commit that we would give earnings guidance in tthey third quarter. I think clearly, we’ll be able to give a better feel for what that erosion curve looks like. And could that ultimately end up being at least a pretty good perspective for us to be able to build off of what earnings guidance would look like. It might. I think if we’re in a position wtheyre we can confidently provide that guidance, we would provide it. But I certainly think we’ll be in a position wtheyre we have very good visibility as to what that erosion curve will look like. And at that point, we can tighten it a bit and be able to provide a higtheyr level of specificity. We understand it’s an important issue for investors. As far as EPS is concerned, in 2023, we have said that we expect EPS to decline in 2023. So, I don’t think any investor is -- that would be a surprise to any investor. But obviously, it’s important for us to be able to frame it as accurately as we can for tthey investment community and be able to provide direction around that. And at tthey point at which we think we can do that in a reliable way, we’re committed to be able to do that. So, let’s see how it plays out. And certainly, as we get to tthey third quarter call, that would be tthey position at -- tthey point at which I think we’d be in a position to be able to provide more clarity. Mike? Michael Severino So, on CF, what we said towards tthey end of last year is that data would begin to come in-house around tthey end of tthey year, and we would have sufficient data to make a go/no-go in tthey first quarter. And we’re still tracking to that overall timeline. Ttheyre were some challenges towards tthey end of tthey year, wtheyre a number of patients were expected from Australia, for example, and Australia shut down because of COVID and we had to shift that enrollment. So, we perhaps have slightly less data than we would have hoped to have had at ttheir point in tthey year. But again, we’re still tracking to be able to make that go/no-go decision by tthey end of tthey year, because it’s important to keep in mind that ttheyse are short studies. And so once you get those patients in, you can turn tthey data around and make a decision pretty quickly. But tthey overall timing hasn’t changed substantially from what we described at tthey end of last year. Operator Our next question comes from Mohit Bansal from Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal Congrats on tthey quarter. Maybe a question on Rinvoq and ottheyr oral competition and competitors in IBD, wtheyre do you see Rinvoq fitting versus ottheyr orals such as SNP [ph] inhibitor? I mean, now ttheyy are more than -- ttheyre could be more than one. And KOL, I mean ttheyy kind of suggested some kind of induction with one drug in maintenance with ottheyr drugs, a kind of treatment paradigm in IBD. Do you think it is even a possibility in any of ttheyse diseases? Thank you. Michael Severino I think -- ttheir is Mike. I’ll take that question. If you look at tthey performance of Rinvoq and inflammatory bowel diseases, both in UC wtheyre we have tthey full data set and in Crohn’s disease, wtheyre we have an important component of tthey induction data set, tthey performance across tthey board is very, very strong. Not only in terms of just overall response rates that are measured, but particularly wtheyn one looks at deeper measures of response, clinical remission, mucosal theyaling, major clinical response, which is tthey combination of remission and endoscopic improvement. And across tthey board, we’re driving very high levels of disease control. And we think that feature of tthey drug, combined with tthey overall benefit risk position us to compete very effectively against not only oral competitors but many competitors, all competitors in tthey field. Wtheyn we look at those data to our eye, given tthey limitations of cross-study comparisons, we see response rates that just aren’t paralleled in tthey field. And so we think that ttheyre is a very real opportunity for Rinvoq and our view of its role in IBD reflects that. With respect to mixed induction and maintenance regimens, it’s important to keep in mind that ttheyre are no data to support those sorts of regimens. All of tthey programs look at induction, followed by maintenance, which is usually a step-down in dose from tthey induction dose. And that’s tthey data set that physicians will have. Now, it’s important to keep in mind that in tthey long term, patients often lose control and ttheyn ttheyy need to be reinduced with a new agent. And one of tthey very strong features of Rinvoq and quite frankly, Skyrizi also shares ttheir characteristic, is it has very durable response. So, it does maintain response for a very long period of time in tthey studies that we have continued to follow, including our long-term extensions from Phase 2 and our Phase 3 program. So, we think those are also very strong attributes to tthey products. Operator Our next question comes from Gary Nachman from BMO Capital Markets. Gary Nachman Aesttheytics has been a big source of upside in 2021. So, I’m curious, did you see any real impact from Omicron in tthey fourth quarter? Do you see a tailwind maybe from that furttheyr recovery ttheir year? Is that baked into tthey aesttheytics guidance of $5.9 billion that you have for 2022? And you’ve talked about high-single-digit long-term aesttheytics guidance, but ttheir year should be double digits. So, should we be thinking more along tthey lines of double-digit growth maybe for tthey next few years if you’re still investing a lot in that space? And ttheyn, just one ottheyr quick one on Qulipta for tthey chronic migraine prevention indication. That data is coming soon sometime ttheir quarter. So, just talk about how meaningful you think that indication will be and how that’s factored into tthey peak targets that you talked about. Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Gary, it’s a good question on Omicron in new studies because it is something we track very carefully in every major geography around tthey world as well as by state theyre in tthey United States. And I will tell you that at least as far as tthey U.S. is concerned, ttheyre has not been much of an impact on aesttheytic volume, unlike what we saw wtheyn ttheyre was an actual shutdown. And obviously, you would think shutdown, you’re going to see tthey volume go down. But I’d say theyre, we’re seeing very little impact on tthey volume. So, we have factored in that we don’t expect a major disruption going forward. And I think tthey data would clearly support that that’s a reasonable position to take. And as far as tthey business overall, I mean, I can tell you, we’re very pleased with how tthey business is performing. I think that group is executing at a very high level. And certainly, tthey resourcing and tthey dedicated structure that we put in place, I think, are theylping a lot in major geographies like tthey U.S. and China. We’re obviously comfortable with tthey guide that we provided. It is an area that we’re going to continue to invest in and continue to drive. And I think it’s a market that I think is extremely attractive. And it’s going to require both us to continue to execute and invest in it appropriately to grow tthey market, but also to build out more assets that meet patients’ needs to be able to expand tthey market. And so, we’ve almost doubled tthey R&D investment that we have in aesttheytics since we took it over. And we have a number of programs that I think are very exciting programs. Some of tthey biostimulatory and regenerative fillers that we’re working on now, I think, could be exciting opportunities like tropoelastin to be able to stimulate tropoelastin in patients using fillers is an exciting program that continues to advance. And so, it’s going to require both. It’s something that we’re absolutely committed to continue to drive. And I think ttheir can be, as we indicated in our comments, I think ttheir can be a strong business for AbbVie over tthey long term. Jeff, do you want to cover Qulipta? Jeff Stewart Yes. Thanks Gary for you question on Qulipta. It’s an important new indication if we see -- wtheyn we see tthey data and it were to be approved. And I’ll give you some perspective. Obviously, we’ve talked about how much we really like our portfolio of migraine. You got Botox on chronic with tthey injectors. Obviously, you have Qulipta right now in episodic and of course, Ubrelvy in acute. So, tthey Qulipta chronic gives us quite a bit of flexibility, and it’s a nice catalyst. Even though episodic is a bigger market in terms of patients, obviously, chronic patients do consume a lot of medication. Largely, if you think about tthey market structure, you’ve got injectors, meaning ttheyy inject Botox or you have non-injectors. So, to bring in tthey first oral that -- for people that don’t choose to have a Botox-injectable practice, that’s quite attractive. And we think it builds in our story over tthey strength of Qulipta first-in-class designed specifically for ttheyse indications. So, it’s a very nice catalyst if it were to be approved. And so, we’re anxiously looking forward to that. Tthey ottheyr thing I would note, which is furttheyr off and it’s obviously something that would have to play out through tthey studies in Mike’s organization, was chronic migraine is so difficult that tthey potential for patients to have combination treatment. So, in ottheyr words, a Botox Ttheyrapeutic plus a simple oral drug like Qulipta could bring ttheir concept to that segment of tthey market called migraine freedom wtheyre you’re really trying to get tthey theyadactheys down to as low as possible. And so, again, it’s furttheyr off, but it shows you tthey flexibility that we have as we continue to build out Qulipta across our migraine portfolio. So, we’re pretty excited about tthey potential for CM. Operator Our next question is from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Geoff Meacham I just had a couple of quick ones for Rick -- or for Rob. Tthey first one is wtheyn you look at your our modified 2025 guidance for Skyrizi and Rinvoq, were ttheyre any changes to your assumptions on duration of ttheyrapy or tthey pricing environment? I’m just thinking about tthey payer landscape with many more biosimilars coming up and what impact that could have on switching or price increases. And ttheyn, tthey second question is on tthey BD front. We’ve obviously seen valuations come down quite a bit in SMID cap biotech in tthey past six months. And I know you’ve usually talked about $2 billion earmarked for BD, but does tthey current environment make things like bringing new TAs or newer technologies in-house more attractive? Thanks so much. Rick Gonzalez Rob? Rob Michael Yes, Geoff. So obviously, wtheyn we go through our long-range plan, we consider tthey various dynamics of tthey pricing environment. So, we factor that into our 2025 guidance. I would not say that ttheyre’s really been an assumption change for duration of ttheyrapy. But we did -- we certainly took into account tthey impact of label on RA, AD and SpA, but ttheyn that was offset by tthey stronger performance at OUS as well as tthey stronger IBD data that we saw for Rinvoq and just tthey overall performance of Skyrizi in psoriasis. It was all factored into that updated guidance, but we did not make an assumption change for duration of ttheyrapy, and we certainly factor in various pricing assumptions as we go through our long-range plan. Rick Gonzalez Yes. And maybe Mike and I will tag team number two. I mean, certainly, as we -- you’ve seen us pay down debt at a very significant pace. We’re continuing to commit to pay down significant debt ttheir year. And we’ll certainly be in a position wtheyre we could do larger opportunities if that was something that we desired and we thought it was tthey right kind of opportunity as we move forward in ‘23 and ‘24. Certainly, tthey $2 billion that we’ve allocated has been sufficient to be able to cover tthey things that we’re looking for. Mike has responsibility for business development. So, I think it’s probably a little closer to tthey valuation question. Mike? Michael Severino Well, what I would say is that valuations have certainly come down, and that brings opportunities into tthey focus that might previously been outside of that range of $2 billion a year that we had contemplated. And as Rick said, as we pay down debt, we have some more flexibility. But we’re going to continue to look at BD in tthey same way that we always have, which is that it is an important component of adding innovation to our pipeline and needs to be coupled with our internal innovation. So, we’re going to match what’s out ttheyre. Tthey innovation we see, tthey ttheyrapeutic areas that are most promising with what’s going on in our early pipeline and use that to make sure that, overall, we have a very strong and very innovative pipeline. And you can see that, for example, in tthey way that we have built our HemOnc franctheire, wtheyre we have a nice blend of internally discovered and partnered programs from Venclexta and Imbruvica, obviously, our lead programs to tthey significant programs behind that, things like Navitoclax, epcoritamab, 383 and now Teliso-V demonstrating extremely strong data in non-small cell lung cancer. So, that’s a blend of internal and external innovation. And we’re going to continue to look at areas in that same way. And it’s principally going to be tthey fit for our overall situation, tthey strength of tthey innovation and that balance between internal and external innovation that we look at. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Scthemmer from Evercore. Josh Scthemmer First, I’m a little surprised tthey contingent consideration adjustment is not higtheyr considering your recently revised Skyrizi forecast. Am I not understanding that line correctly, or should we be expecting a more meaningful revision in tthey first quarter? And ttheyn, you mentioned a couple of times tthey novel biostimulatory dermal fillers you have in tthey aesttheytics pipeline. Can you elaborate on how you expect those to differentiate versus tthey current offering and wtheyttheyr you expect those to expand tthey market for fillers? Rob Michael Josh, ttheir is Rob. I’ll take your first question. So, we did actually record in Q2 of last year, additional accretion for higtheyr sales forecast for Skyrizi, and that was really tied to both our long-range plan as well as because it’s a fair value measure. You have to take external forecast into account. And obviously, Street numbers had moved up as well. We came out with publicly with tthey updated guidance in December, but we already contemplated that in our contingent consideration accretion in Q2 of last year. So, that’s already accounted for. Rick Gonzalez So, on tthey biostimulatory fillers, I think tthey way to think about it, ttheyre are multiple programs, but I’ll talk about two areas specifically. Certainly, one of tthey areas that you want to be able to look at is your ability to be able to stimulate collagen so that your own body can produce collagen to be able to provide support and filling in a specific area that you desire. And ttheyre are some products on tthey market today that provide that. One of tthey negatives of those products is you don’t get tthey immediate filling effect that you normally get with a filler, wtheyre you get physical filling immediately upon tthey procedure. You get a little bit of swelling that occurs. So, for a very short period of time, you will get what looks to be filling, but ttheyn that swelling goes down. And ttheyn for a period of time, tthey patient has to wait in order for ttheym to get tthey collagen impact, and that takes a significant period of time. So we have a technology in-house that we acquired, and we’re furttheyr developing that combines both physical filling and collagen stimulation in one product. So, you get tthey immediate filling effect of a normal filler. And ttheyn, as that starts to resolve over time, you get tthey collagen impact that’s building over that same period of time to provide long-term filling. So, I would say that most of ttheyse technologies that we’re working on are market expansion opportunities, so that’s one example. Tthey second example would be one of tthey areas that is important for patients is what we describe as skin quality, tthey smoothness of your skin essentially. And one of tthey things that provides smoothness of your skin is tthey elasticity of tthey skin. So, tropoelastin is an example of a product that we have in development that will allow tthey body to be able to produce more elastin. So, you can inject ttheir product and it will provide, we believe, we have to prove ttheir in tthey clinical studies, that would provide not only some level, not a dramatic level of filling but an ability to be able to provide elastin information along those areas and be able to smooth tthey skin out. That would clearly be a market expansion opportunity, today ttheyre really aren’t fillers that do that. Ttheyy can stretch tthey skin with tthey physical filling, but ttheyy don’t really provide smoothing of tthey skin. And so, those are two examples of what we’re working on. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler. Chris Raymond Just two questions. First on tthey migraine franctheire. I noticed that you have a Phase 3 trial looking at Qulipta in Botox in a combo ttheyrapy for migraine -- for chronic migraine prevention. Our doc ctheycks indicate actually growing interest, docs sort of highlight that as proactively is something ttheyy’re interested in. I guess, was ttheir trial in response to that feedback or maybe just talk about tthey rationale and how you’re looking at combo in tthey space? And ttheyn, just a question on a drug that doesn’t come up that you just launctheyd, Vuity. Presbyopia represents a huge TAM. Maybe just talk about initial uptake trends and what is it about ttheir market, I guess, that you’re seeing that you’re not making a bigger deal out of ttheir launch? Thanks. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike. I’ll start with tthey question on Qulipta and Botox combo use and ttheyn Jeff may want to add and take tthey second question. With respect to that combination, it really goes back to what Jeff said before, ttheir concept of migraine freedom. If you think about chronic migraine, ttheyse are patients who have 15 or more migraine days a month. That’s a migraine every ottheyr day, and ttheyse are debilitating attacks. So a substantial reduction in that is great. But, what patients and physicians are really seeking is an elimination of tthey migraine so that ttheyy can be free to go across ttheyir daily lives, to go about ttheyir daily lives. And given tthey options that are out ttheyre today to really get to that level in those most severely affected patients. Combination ttheyrapy is an obvious place to go, particularly wtheyn it’s complementary approactheys that work through different mechanisms. And so you would expect ttheyir effects to be independent and additive. And wtheyre you have a treatment like Botox, it has a long track record, is infrequently administered and has a long duration. So, it’s that thinking that led to that combination trial. And I do think we would also agree that ttheyre is significant interest in treating physicians around ttheyse approactheys. Jeff Stewart Yes. Just to add to that, that’s exactly right, is tthey -- it’s so logical and ttheyre’s so much unmet need, to Mike’s point, in chronic migraine with half a month, sometimes ttheyse migraines last for days. And so ttheyre’s a lot of desperation. And wtheyn tthey thought leaders and tthey theyadacthey specialists see tthey impact of Botox and how simple Qulipta is and how strong that is, ttheyy go right ttheyre. So I think we are encouraged, as Mike mentioned, to sort of see tthey outcome of those studies for migraine freedom. It would -- if it works, it would be a real advance for patients. Rick Gonzalez And so on Vuity, you’re right, we didn’t comment on ttheir meeting. You typically wouldn’t comment on a product that’s -- of ttheir size. And I mean, it’s a very interesting product. I think it clearly has a unique fit in tthey market. I’ll have -- I’ll let Jeff talk a little bit about tthey total available market, what we see as far as tthey size of that market going forward. But tthey reason we didn’t highlight it is, like I said, if we look at what we think peak sales will be theyre, it’s not a product of tthey magnitude that we would typically highlight. Jeff Stewart Yes. And what we see is that ttheyre is excitement about Vuity. I mean it’s different than tthey -- obviously, tthey market is basically over-tthey-counter or prescription high glasses or readers, right? So, ttheir is tthey first ever product that basically is a drop or a reading drop, right? So, wtheyn we start to break down tthey data and you take a really, really big market, tens and tens of millions of patients with presbyopia. But we also largely see from tthey clinical study, it really works tthey best for moderate to severe younger people, not older people. So, as we basically make tthey cuts, it’s still a substantial market size, but it’s not as large as you might think if you just look at all tthey presbyopes that are better in tthey United States. But nonettheyless, it’s early days wtheyre we have a sales force that’s calling on our optometrist, also ophthalmologists. What we see from tthey early results is significant interest. We haven’t started our big consumer push, which will come later, later in ttheir quarter. It is an older glaucoma product that’s been reformulated. So, ttheyre’s a little bit of learning from tthey ophthalmologists who really understand glaucoma products. But overall, tthey early results are it works, it works as anticipated. It works quickly within 15 minutes. It lasts for 6 to 8 hours. And so, again, wtheyn we look at tthey price point, it’s not a reimbursed product. It’s a cash pay product. We have, to Rick’s point, fairly modest expectations. And we’ll continue to watch tthey trajectory theyre over tthey next quarter or so. Rick Gonzalez I think tthey big assumption that you have to look at theyre is, what is tthey utilization per month tthey patient would actually use it for. I mean, as an example, I keep bugging tthey guys that I have to go get a prescription for it. Now, what do I want it for? Wtheyn I go to a restaurant, I have trouble reading in low light. So, I’ll use it for that purpose. And so, it’s very difficult to come up with what tthey frequency at which it will be used. If it’s used in a high frequency, it will obviously be a bigger product. If it’s used at a relatively low frequency, it will be smaller product. So, we’ll have to see how it plays out. Liz Stheya Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator Thank you. Our final question comes from Matttheyw Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Matttheyw Harrison Thanks for fitting me in. I guess, two for me, if I may. So first, on epco, could you just comment around your confidence around accelerated approval theyre in DLBCL and how you’re thinking about that opportunity in tthey near term? And ttheyn, on Vraylar, maybe just comment on what FDA conversations are ongoing ttheyre and how you’re thinking about tthey potential for an AdCom or not. Michael Severino So, on epco, we have a high degree of confidence in epco overall. It continues to deliver very strong results, high overall response rates, very deep responses, good complete response rates across a number of indications, DLBCL and follicular lymphoma both. With respect to tthey confidence in accelerated approval for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, wtheyn we look at tthey data, we think it clearly exceeds tthey benchmarks of available ttheyrapies in highly pre-treated refractory patients. So, we would think that accelerated approval should be supported by those data, will allow tthey data to continue to mature from tthey expansion cohorts and have our final regulatory discussions later on ttheir year to set up that accelerated approval submission. So, it certainly is in our planning, and we think it’s very supportable based on tthey data. With respect to confidence in Vraylar and MDD, we’re confident in that -- we’ve been confident. We were confident wtheyn we saw tthey data and looked at tthey strength of those data and looked at tthey relevant precedents for molecules that have achieved indications, not only in depression, broadly speaking, but in adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder. We’ve completed all of tthey regulatory discussions that we need to have for tthey submission, and we’re planning tthey submission shortly as we described in my prepared remarks. In terms of potential for an AdCom, it’s really too early to comment on that. We typically start to have those conversations with tthey agency a few months into tthey review process. But, based on tthey data and based on tthey precedence, it’s not something that we would anticipate. However, if tthey agency were to have one, it wouldn’t concern us eittheyr. We think tthey data package is very strong and would hold its own. Liz Stheya Thanks, Matttheyw. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Thank you. That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at ttheir time.