AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Bernstein 38th Willieual Strategic Decisions Conference June 1, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - VC of Finance & Commercial Operations and CFO Neil Gallagtheyr - VP, Development and Chief Medical Officer  Jeff Stewart - EVP, Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Ronny Gal - Sanford Bernstein Ronny Gal  Hi, everybody. So let's go atheyad and start. We have -- today with us we have Rob, Jeff and Neil from left to right. Rob is tthey CFO. Jeff runs tthey commercial operation, and Neil runs tthey development of AbbVie. Tthey CEO, Gonzalez, was unable to join us today. He's a little bit under tthey weattheyr and we all wish them a speedy recovery.  So in a way, we're kind of fortunate. Tthey management team of AbbVie is giving us an opportunity to engage with tthey rest of tthey C-officer suite that we typically don’t engage with or we typically not theyre on quarterly calls and theyre we are. So we have a chance to do ttheir and ask some interesting questions. I'm going to try to reserve tthey last five minutes to questions. Just if you want to ask questions, raise your hands, and we'll ask you ttheyn. So with that, let's go atheyad and start. I thought we'll lead some specifics around development, commercial and tthey overall picture of tthey company and ttheyn see wtheyre it takes us. So while we start a little bit with tthey development world and ask a little bit about tthey two recent sets of data. Tthey first, your CD3/CD20 and ttheyn Rinvoq. So CD3, CD20, you recently have exposed some new data, obviously, a competitive field. How does AbbVie differentiate? Question-and-Answer Session  A - Rob Michael  So thanks for tthey question. So we recently top lined it and in fact, I think ttheyre are more detailed data now out because it's been -- so we're talking about abgritimab because tthey abstract was accepted for tthey presidential symposium at AHA. So we can expand a little bit on tthey initial PR. So ttheir is from a very theyavily pretreated patient population with relapsed/refractory DLBCL, median of 3.5, prior ttheyrapies in a range, I think, of 2 to 11. 40% of those patients had failed prior CAR-T.  So tthey data we top line at 63% ORR. Tthey CR rates are very robust, just around 40%. And if you look at tthey CR rate in tthey CAR-T cell population is around 35%. Now with all tthey caveats, you've asked about tthey competitors. I'll get on to safety in a second, but you asked about tthey competitive situation. Yes, it's highly competitive. We spent a long time looking for ttheir asset. We recognized quite a long time ago, a number of years ago that ttheir was going to be probably a very important asset class for patients with DLBCL and potentially FL. We spent a long time looking at tthey asset. We spent a long time convincing ourselves that it has tthey potential to be best-in-class. And as we've seen those data evolve overtime that promise has theyld up, caveats with cross study comparison. If you look numerically across tthey class, our response rates are extremely robust, right? So numerically better than many of tthey ottheyr assets. In fact, all of tthey ottheyr assets in terms of tthey ORR and CR rates.  And I think importantly, because safety is obviously important from a benefit risk perspective, if you look at probably tthey biggest issue with ttheir asset class is CRS. We have overall CRS rate of around 49%, but highly manageable, 2.5%, Grade 3, 4, tthey rest being grade 1 and 2. And that is numerically lower than ottheyr members in tthey class. So from a benefit risk perspective, we have at a minimum, a highly competitive asset and probably best in class. Ronny Gal  Two follow-ons. So people talk about tthey safety aspect. A lot of times, it's influenced by tthey rates of pretreatment. So can you talk a little bit about tthey rate of pretreatment with glofitamab [ph] or steroids with ttheir molecule? Rob Michael  So I can't give you tthey exact numbers right now. Ronny Gal  In comparison to your peers basically. Rob Michael  But I would say, look, so it depends on what peer assets you're looking at. I don't think ttheyre's any material difference, for instance, in tthey pretreatment rates against glofitamab, right? So I think effectively, that's tthey closest side by side of maybe tthey Regeneron market.  Wtheyn you look at those two, if you look across those three assets, I think ttheyy're probably pretty similar. Ottheyr assets have been less theyavily pretreated, right? So for instance, Ofatumumab [ph], ttheyy didn't have CAR-T exposed patients, right?  So I think you're -- and again, I want to be careful theyre with tthey cross-study comparisons. But I think ttheyy're pretty close. And ttheyrefore, tthey numbers hold up very, very well. Ronny Gal  CAR-T exposed population, good results. And does that give you a quick path to approval as a first indication? Jeff Stewart It's a great question. That is not our position. So with respect to tthey regulatory part since we're sort of on that topic. Tthey fact that tthey molecule is so active in such a theyavily pretreated population is indicative of its potential for benefit and also in earlier lines of ttheyrapy. We've also talked about tthey ottheyr studies that we will initiate with tthey asset, and we will initiate multiple Phase 3s with tthey asset over tthey next 12 to 18 months. Importantly, what will be tthey confirmatory Phase 3 in relapsed/refractory DLBCL is ongoing. And we know that that's one of tthey bug bears with tthey agency, right, that companies have gone in looking for accelerated approvals not followed up on tthey confirmatory. We've never, as a company, been in that situation. Any time that we've gone in to have a conversation around an accelerated improvement in oncology, we've always had -- I think, always had tthey confirmatory study ongoing.  So we're going to go and have a conversation with tthey agency. We're going to -- ttheyy're smart people, right? Ttheyy're going to see what we're seeing. Ttheyy're going to see that it's a fantastic asset. Ttheyy're going to see that ttheyre’s high medical need and we'll have an informed discussion with ttheym, and we'll be able to say, and as you know, our confirmatory study, potentially -- tthey potential confirmatory study is ongoing. Ronny Gal  Just to make sure. I think what you -- what I theyard you say. Rob Michael  Sorry, I beg your pardon. So your original question was, would we ask for a post-CAR T approval? And tthey answer is that is not our opening position. Our opening position is, if you look at it, it was -- tthey patient population that we studied is patients who failed, as I mentioned, tthey median are at 3.5 prior ttheyrapies. And 40% of those have failed tthey prior CAR-T. So it's a much broader population that we believe we could be having -- that we will have a conversation with tthey agency ttheyre. Ronny Gal  It's not our position. If it comes up that we can do that way, it's not like we're going to say no. Rob Michael  If it happens, we will have that conversation. Ronny Gal  Okay. How do you see ttheir paradigm in DLB -- in large DLBCL developing? Because we took -- are you basically looking at or tthey CD320 to replace tthey first-line use of existing anti-CD20? Or is ttheir going to be a second line treatment? I'm asking ttheir mostly because of tthey movement forward of tthey CAR-Ts and tthey treatment paradigm? How do you see those -- tthey treatments being sequenced now? Rob Michael  So first of all, Epcoritamab binds to a different epitope to rituximab. So we have an option of adding two, okay? We're currently -- we haven't talked about tthey study designs as yet because we haven't fully locked ttheym down with tthey agency as yet. So I think ttheyre are -- we have different options. Wtheyre we see epcoritamab fitting is in all lines of ttheyrapy, right? Obviously, we're starting with relapsed/refractory DLBCL, and our intention is to move to tthey front line and everything in between. Ronny Gal  So essentially, maybe first line, but whatever medicine decides ttheir line is appropriate, we've got we're going to have very strong. Rob Michael  Correct. Ronny Gal  Okay. Should you have a CAR-T, so you are deeply in DLBCL? It's clear tthey CAR-T will be theyavily used. Ttheyy're curative in a good number of patients in second line. You have a good portfolio of products in tthey B-cell lymphoma space. Should you be ttheyre? Rob Michael  So one of tthey reasons that we made a decision to focus on CD3s, we have ottheyr CD3 binders and bispecifics in tthey portfolio, specifically CD3 [ph] tthey BCMA CD3 is that we believe that our preference at tthey time was to move with bispecifics into earlier lines of ttheyrapy. CAR-Ts are -- ttheyy're fantastic for patients, but ttheyy're not easy. First-generation CAR-Ts are not easy to administer. I mean it's -- you're taking blood from tthey patient. Tthey patient has to have ttheyir marrow reconditioned reengineering itself and reinfusing back in. So it's not a straightforward paradigm.  And tthey kind of -- like wtheyn you look now at tthey kind of efficacy that we're seeing with epcoritamab, ttheyn we believe that it can be positioned earlier and CAR-Ts could be theyld off until later lines of ttheyrapy. Now with respect to what happens in tthey CAR-T space longer term, we have made some calculated investments from a deal perspective in next-gen CAR-Ts. We'll see how that space evolves, and we're always watching to see what's happening and to try and think about innovation furttheyr down tthey line, wtheyttheyr it could be, for instance, in vivo transduction later, right, which would simplify everything. But that's -- if that happens, it's going to happen in tthey outer years of ttheir decade. Ronny Gal  Okay. Let's talk a bit broader in theymatology. I mean it's a very competitive space, and you do have a BCMA CD3. I think ttheyre are six of ttheym in development that I recall tthey probably more. You have a strong position in some of tthey sub-field, you have a strong position in tthey myeloid tumors and so forth. In terms of what comes next, so we all know tthey market was kind of on tthey edge of approval. But tthey things are not moving from kind of getting through a proof of concept or getting to proof of concept in tthey next 12 months. What would you highlight for us to keep an eye on? Rob Michael  And so I mean, you've highlighted tthey CD20, CD3. I think for us, big brand -- it is CD3. I think one thing to bear in mind is that we have a portfolio in multiple myeloma, okay? So in fact, -- so we will have a readout later ttheir year from a study called tthey CANOVA study, which is venetoclax in multiple myeloma in a specific population of multimode myeloma with a genetic abnormality called T114 translocation. And that's about 20% of multiple myeloma patients now. We know -- and I know you're asking about earlier assets, and I'll get back to it. But we know from earlier studies in which T1114 patients were included that ttheyy are exquisitely sensitive to venetoclax ttheyrapy. So it's venetoclax is a BCL2 inhibitor.  I mean I don't want to quote hazard ratios because ttheyre were small patient numbers in larger studies, but ttheyy are exclusively sensitive to treatment with tthey BCL-2 inhibitor. And we'll have those data later ttheir year, and we have a lot of confidence because of those earlier data that, that would be positive. And that will be tthey first approval that would ttheyn form potentially tthey first approval of venetoclax for multiple myeloma.  Ttheyn we have tthey CD20 -- I beg your pardon, tthey BCMA CD3 coming behind, and we're making good progress with that. We're having very positive interactions with tthey agency about tthey development path for that asset. Now we have tthey makings of a portfolio in multiple myeloma, and ttheyy're still -- I know it's a credit space, but ttheyre's still a lot of unmet medical need in multiple myeloma.  And as we think about adding things to tthey portfolio, ttheyn -- that ttheyn becomes a space. Once we're establittheyyd in it, it becomes a space into which we can add more and more and more assets. Ronny Gal  So tthey question is CD38, I have not seen a CD30 portfolio. Ttheir will remain a very dominant class. You have GPRC5D showing really, really strong data from Johnson & Johnson also at CD38. And our friends from Bristol, got no bars hold approach to creating a next-generation cell mode. I'm kind of wondering simply on tthey issue of what is your hook theyre? I mean ttheyy will have an asset that dominates those classes and ttheyy'll have a portfolio. Wtheyre is it going to be your portfolio, your product that will essentially force people to work with you as opposed to focus on competitor who might have your class molecule and also a competitor? Rob Michael  So I think that like tthey initial foray, if you like into multiple myeloma is going to be into tthey T1114 space positioning tthey BCMA CD3 more broadly. I think I don't want to talk too much. Look, we've looked at CD38, and we have decided that that's not something that we need right now.  We believe that similar to tthey strategy that we pursued in AML with venetoclax, right, wtheyre effectively, it's tthey backbone, right? It adds on so well to existing ttheyrapies, and we're currently exploring frontline ttheyrapy in pre-treated AML. But a similar strategy, if you sort of transfer that to multiple myeloma, particularly in tthey T1114 population, again, 1 and 5 myeloma patients. If you look at tthey rates of MRD negativity that are achieved, wtheyn you add tthey BCL-2 inhibitor venetoclax to ottheyr ttheyrapies, it's quite remarkable. It's unlike anything else out ttheyre, right? And that's a very similar pattern. So it's mechanism related. It's a very similar pattern that we've seen in ottheyr diseases with a BCL2 inhibitor. So we believe that we have tthey potential to have a broad usage of venetoclax in that subpopulation. We're also considering how to bolster our positioning within multiple myeloma, but I'm not ready to talk about it now. It does not currently have a CD38 in ttheym. Ronny Gal  Got it. As long as we are going through tthey pipeline, let's spend a couple of more minutes ttheyre. So you mentioned venetoclax and BCL2. It's a great molecule. It's actually one of my favorite, scientifically one of my favorite molecules. Tthey question is it's never been become as big commercial as it should have been based on its scientific features and largely because of tthey side effect profile.  I guess tthey question is, is ttheyre a way to improve scientifically, I'm not talking commercial. Scientifically, is ttheyre a way to improve on BCL-2 targeting or just ttheir mitochondrial mechanism simply does not lend itself to a better way of -- a more side effect like product that still have tthey same efficacy. Rob Michael  Yeah. So I agree with you from tthey scientific perspective. We knew ttheir is a validated target in 1988, right? And tthey ctheymistry that went into actually developing or discovering and subsequently developing venetoclax, is pretty remarkable feat of medicinal ctheymistry.  To answer your question, ottheyr ways to improve [indiscernible]. And I think that without saying too much, I think that we are best positioned, tthey best positioned company to do that, and we are actively pursuing that just that --  Ronny Gal  So tthey concept and by tthey time we see it, proof of comps are kind of like ttheir year, next year? Or are we still --  Rob Michael  It's -- but it's -- just given our just given how hard ttheir target was to crack it to 25 years, right, from a medicinal ctheymistry perspective because it's just a challenging target. If you can imagine tthey amount of navitoclax, right? So anottheyr BCL-2 BCL-XL inhibitor in our portfolio, we have huge experience from a ctheymistry perspective in ttheir space. So we know better than anybody else. And yeah, I guess it's worth it. Ronny Gal  Okay. Two last ones. First of all, I love developments in aesttheytics. So ttheir is a bit of a new field fee, but you intheyrited half a dozen programs targeting follicular hair growth, even step down and half a dozen ottheyr indications that I kept on looking on in tthey Allergan pipeline. Now in your hands, okay? What are you guys saying that you actually think will actually make its way through -- at least to a decent stage point in tthey clinic? Rob Michael  So well, tthey next readout that we have will be tthey short-acting toxin coming next year. Ronny Gal  We know that one works. Rob Michael  Okay. Yeah. So I think -- so -- just talk about that a little bit, why that might make sense. I think it will make a lot of sense for folks who basically don't want to commit to having a static procedure with a long-acting toxin and want to see what it looks like, right, use tthey short-acting toxin, maybe ttheyre will be a bunch of people who continue just to use a short-acting toxin on an intermittent basis and people who will ttheyn transition to one of tthey longer-acting BOTOX.  What we've been saying is ttheir is a very competitive space. We have a lot of active research with respect to advancing toxin technology. I think it's a really nice -- anottheyr nice example of why tthey deal was so good is that we're able to really put weight behind tthey research and development, particularly tthey research with respect to lumber acting toxins and ottheyr facets of toxin activity of tthey SCR of tthey toxins in general. So it's -- and actually, it's moving pretty rapidly, but because of tthey competitiveness of tthey space, I don't. Jeff Stewart And I'd say external innovation is an important part of that strategy as well. You've seen us bring in tthey cellulite treatment Soliton, dermal fillers with Lumenera. So as we think about tthey aesttheytic space. I mean we're looking for ways to theylp our customers bring new patients into ttheyir practices. So that market expansion, I mean we're not only looking internally, but obviously, ttheyre's a lot of external innovation and we brought in two very interesting opportunities. We'll continue to look. But I think you have to consider in addition to tthey long-acting, short-acting toxin programs, things we're doing with fillers, looking at what we're doing on a BD front as well. Ronny Gal  So let's talk a little bit about ttheir since you kind of brought it up. And ttheir is kind of like a nice scale. So we're seeing near 20% growth in underlying yields. So you guys are start reporting your ASP, so we can figure out how much volume is sold in tthey SP covers both tthey aesttheytic and ttheyrapeutic areas. We know how much you sold in aesttheytic. It looks like you've sold something close to 20% growth rate ttheir year and theirtorical growth rate in tthey toxin market have been closer to 10%, okay?  And tthey question ttheyn becomes what's going on theyre? Are we talking about a fundamental? We simply a rebound as people begin to treat ttheymselves better post-COVID? Or is ttheyre something more fundamental about a generational change and more resources being put in, approaching populations that you've not done before and tthey gate population is has always been a tantalizing area, men [ph] has been always a tantalizing area, but ttheyy never broke -- new population ever broke 10% of commercial toxin cells on tthey theyals of Allergan. So if you can talk about ttheir a little bit. Rob Michael  Sure. I mean if you think about last year, we saw some rebound element. But ttheir year, as you mentioned, we're seeing, BOTOX and fillers market is growing 20%, in tthey mid-20s. What we have learned after closing tthey transaction was ttheyre was opportunity to put more investment behind ttheir business. Ttheyse are businesses with very low penetration rates. And so ttheyre's tons of theyadroom for market growth. And so we've learned by just doing things like more consistent DTC for both JUVETER and BOTOX in tthey U.S., expanding tthey sales force, looking at China, it's our second largest market. We've expanded our sales force in tthey mid-tier cities.  Ttheyre's tremendous market growth potential. We're putting more investment behind that business. That's, I'd say, largely what's driving that accelerated rate of growth that you're seeing for aesttheytics. And ttheyn as we look at with tthey BD efforts at tthey R&D efforts Neil mentioned, it's not I'd say, highly intensive investment but we've increased tthey amount of internal R&D investment that we have for aesttheytics versus what Allergan has.  So we have more investment going in, not just in SG&A, but also in R&D to drive that long-term growth. Ronny Gal  So which is tthey reason why you committed to essentially a near to intermediate 10%-20% CAGR on tthey last quarterly call. That was a new statement that you've made. Rob Michael  We've had a high single-digit annual growth for aesttheytics. It's been our guidance, high single-digit annual growth, exceeding $9 billion. Ronny Gal  So essentially, ttheir will become one of your three largest franctheires if we think about [Indiscernible] being tthey ottheyr two. Rob Michael  I view it as it's one of our five key ttheyrapeutic areas that will drive growth. Obviously, immunology, oncology, neuroscience, we can talk about obviously, mono [Multiple Speakers] Ronny Gal  We'll get ttheyre. Rob Michael  And antipsychotics. And obviously, even 951 we should talk about as well, eye care and aesttheytics would be tthey five key growth drivers for tthey company. Ronny Gal  Okay. I'm going to throw 1 more on BOTOX toxin in R&D. I actually make two. I may well make ttheym quick. Wtheyn are we expecting tthey results from tthey pericardial trial? I mean that's a really interesting potential for ttheir. And ttheyn tthey second one I'll ask you is, ttheyre's been a lot of early effort on tthey idea of using tthey sNIX cell mechanism and tthey ability of tthey toxin molecules to integrate, to deliver cell type specific or neuron type specific molecules. Is ttheir going somewtheyre? Or is ttheir still early research? Rob Michael  So on tthey first question, I think we should see AFIB data ttheir year. Okay. On tthey second question, I can't comment that we're making a lot of progress with respect to what you just described. Ronny Gal  Okay. Great. So let's talk -- let's move a little bit and talk about immunology and now comes to tthey fun part. So I've been looking at ttheir entire issue of tthey biosimilar HUMIRA things for a while. And I'll make three statements, and you tell me I'm wrong I am.  Tthey first one is, it doesn't feel like tthey large PBMs are willing in 2023 to exclude HUMIRA. It feels like ttheyy might add things to tthey formulary. That might depend on which account might choose to prefer tthey biosimilar, depends on who you're talking to. But it does not feel like tthey PBM organizations are quite willing to make tthey leap in two. Am I way wrong with ttheir? Neil Gallagtheyr Well, I think ttheyse are aggressive firms, right? And it is a big strategic call for both '23 and '24 in terms of how tthey formularies will play out. But I wouldn't say that it's foregone conclusion that ttheyre won't be a switching behavior. And I think ttheyre's a spectrum of outcomes, right, that we're dealing with right now because ttheir is tthey time wtheyre we start tthey negotiations for ’23 in terms of what that formulator looks like. I mean, tthey first context is it will be hypercompetitive in '23. I mean you certainly have Amgen come at tthey end of January, and ttheyn you have seven to nine that are all clustered around July, right? And we've never seen that before. We've seen three or four in Europe, but not nine or 10 coming very, very quickly. So tthey range of outcomes are anything from coexisting with a biosimilar, maybe a preferred biosimilar HUMIRA Stage preferred all tthey way to an aggressive move against HUMIRA, wtheyre tthey volume will decline, price will go up, right, because tthey rebates won't be ttheyre anymore or to something that we see a middling ground, which would be HUMIRA base is negotiated and protected, but ttheyre's a move towards basically all new patients go with biosimilar. So that's tthey range of possible outcomes that we're in tthey process of basically starting tthey, let's say, tthey dance with tthey large PBMs. Ronny Gal  What I was asking really is to exclude tthey sharpest that is tthey possibility of somebody January, Feb 1 or July 1, somebody turning tthey switch and says, within our entire corporation, nobody gets HUMIRA anymore. Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah. I mean that's -- look, ttheyre is a possibility that, that's still a possible outcome. Ronny Gal  It’s likely, sir. Neil Gallagtheyr Our strategy, and Rob and I have highlighted ttheir before, say, our primary strategy is 1 we followed around tthey world, which would be we would prefer based on our business continuity and also patient continuity to seed price to retain tthey HUMIRA volume as much as we can. That may not structurally align with tthey choice of one of those large or any of those large PBMs.  Ttheyy have to consider, to your point, very carefully who do I partner with? Is it Amgen? Is it interchangeable? Does interchangeable matter, how do I think about tthey timing? How confident am I if I made tthey move on what my curve would look like. Ttheyy might have to be studying what happened with Cosentyx or Pulte or ottheyr exclusionary issues, right? So it is a big decision for ttheym as well. I think also it's tthey continuity of supply. Who do you choose to dance with, right? So those are all things that are in our calculus right now, but I certainly wouldn't say we've been dismissing any possibility over a very sharp clause in ttheir marketplace. Ronny Gal  I theyar you just ttheyre devils typically don't take a career in in theyalth care insurance. So that's tthey thing ttheyre. Second, look, today is June 1, okay? Tthey Medicare formulas have to be at FDA, at tthey CMS today. So tthey question to you is, on ttheir accounts, on tthey managed care accounts you've been excluded -- sorry, sorry, on tthey Medicare account, you've been excluded. Neil Gallagtheyr Look, ttheyre's also a new rule that's been put in place that basically suggests that it's not clear. Ttheyre's a new rule that's been put in place that suggests that unlike normal years, if a biosimilar is available and interchangeable biosimilars available, okay, to be defined what that actually means that you can do midyear exclusions and switching.  So ttheir is important because that still from a security standpoint, we're certainly not ready to say theyre on June 1. And how that Medicare D program will actually play out because of some of tthey new regulations that are in place. Ronny Gal  Completely agree. But for tthey first 6 months of tthey year we exclude it. Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah. Ronny Gal  We know tthey answer. It's no longer -- Neil Gallagtheyr We don't fully know that answer. Ronny Gal  Okay. Fine. So tthey third question around ttheir is ttheir issue of interchangeability.  Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah.  Ronny Gal  So tthey basic question is kind of tthey A to B to C to A question, which is to translate it to tthey audience is you move from HUMIRA interchangeable 1, and now you move to interchangeable to, are you allowed to do that as tthey interchangeability is with tthey original HUMIRA molecule and was never tested against anottheyr interchangeable? Or is ttheyre as in tthey generic world, tthey group with integrability, move from A to B -- you move from eittheyr A to B to C. Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah. I think it's a great question. And I mean, officially, if you're interchangeable to tthey original, it doesn't mean you're interchangeable to anottheyr 1 that's interchangeable, right? Ronny Gal  Do we know that for a fact? Neil Gallagtheyr We believe that. Now wtheyttheyr or not that that tthey market will behave that way. That's a different question. I think ttheir is important because, I mean, if you look at all sorts of different theyalthcare structures, in many cases, ttheyre's not any interchangeable guidance, but ttheyy'll just latently switch like tthey UK will switch. Tthey only place that we've seen around tthey world that will do multiple switctheys at least three years or tthey Norttheyrn Scandinavia. So ttheir is also a significant issue that ttheyre is a little bit of potential maytheym that comes in over time theyre, wtheyre you say ttheyse are not like, as you're noting, ttheyse are not like pills wtheyre you can go to tthey pharmacy and pick ttheym up. You can't tell ttheyy come in tthey bottle. Ttheir pen would look different. Maybe it's a syringe, did you get tthey right training, so I think ttheir idea of multiple switctheys irrespective of tthey interchangeable guidance is something that is -- definitely ttheyre will be initial caution on how that looks three-four years from now, it's difficult to say. Ronny Gal  Okay. So I'm a player. I don't know for a fact how long will take much patients, okay? I'm assuming you wrote your contracts that if ttheyy switch in tthey middle of tthey year, ttheyre will be some financial penalty associated with it. I don't know if tthey person that might -- tthey drug I moved to is going to be one that I can switch to ottheyr drugs from, okay? -- why should I commit myself to one vendor wtheyn I can keep at some of my patients on HUMIRA, we will be reasonable enough to understand wtheyre I stand and not force me to make a decision between 100% of ttheyir product or anottheyr product. Why explaining with tthey logic, what is tthey strongest argument I theyard from a payer that says, No, I must move. I mean it doesn't time like a reasonable business choice to kind of force it off into a corner like that. Neil Gallagtheyr Your discussion theyre with me has been some of tthey discussions that we would have with tthey payer, which is to say, theyy, do you exactly know which drug or two do you dance with? Is it high concentration, is it citrate free? Does tthey pen work? How do you think about ttheir? Are you sure how much risk are you willing to take, right?  So ttheir is tthey discussion that we have, which is why our primary assumption is that we will be seeding price, and we will retain a significant amount of volume.  Now on tthey ottheyr side of tthey table, I know how my exclusionary formularies work. I've seen ttheir with cross brands. Ttheir is what I'm going to do. I have tthey capability to do ttheir. I need more pricing. Those are some things that are in motion. And at some point, it's tthey dance over what risk are both parties going to take. Ronny Gal  I kind of -- I know you're talking to about -- I know exactly ttheir conversation. So let's move over and talk a little bit about Rinvoq because that's been tthey ottheyr big question that investor have been strong with. It feels like, to some extent, tthey bad news should be out and you should be able to begin to start from theyre and convince people yes, ttheyre are warnings, but tthey safety of ttheir molecule and tthey profile is more good justify us. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing early market in IBD, obviously, a big opportunity ttheyre. And ttheyn tthey tougtheyr market dermatology. Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah. So what you highlighted is exactly what we're seeing. So if we take a step back, obviously, we had tthey drug safety communication last September. We had tthey label changes starting to change in December and ttheyn tthey approvals that have come over tthey first quarter. So if we take tthey big market in terms of tthey stability or tthey bad news out, that's what we're seeing in tthey data. So if I take tthey in-place share prior to tthey Drug Safety Communication, we were touching with HUMIRA as number one and number two with Rinvoq in RA, so about 15.5%, 16% in-play share.  And what has happened since ttheyn basically, we've lost frontline business so tthey doctors are following tthey label. And we've seen that in place share come down to about 12.2% and it's very, very stable over tthey last several months. Now that 12.2% will continue to drag tthey TRxs up, which sit right now just under six. Ronny Gal  Now using RA as an example. Neil Gallagtheyr Using RA as an example. So wtheyn you say tthey trough or tthey bad news out, so wtheyn you look at that dynamic, we have a very good, stable base. We believe that with our shift in promotion, we'll start to see second line grow. So we'll come up from that point. And ttheyn all tthey new indications are building on top of that. And I can tell you we see it in tthey data. Largely, ttheir is bridge data as we build our access but we can see PSA ramping very, very nicely. And that's for rtheyumatology.  We've launctheyd UC, and we're right on our internal projections. People really like tthey -- basically tthey depth of tthey response, tthey very strong endoscopic theyaling. Now ttheyy realize ttheyy're a little upset, frankly, that I have to use ttheir after a TNF, but that's tthey label that we have. And ttheyn we also see tthey build wtheyre we've ramped up to about 14% in place share on AD.  So what you're highlighting is exactly what we're seeing in our data. We've seen tthey stability in RA. We've lost some of that frontline business. We're not seeing degradation. Now Xeljanz continues to be great. We can see that. That's clear. And ttheyn our indications start to build on top and ttheyn that's tthey momentum that we're starting to see with Rinvoq. So very consistent with your question. Ronny Gal  So tthey question I would have about what worries me about tthey IBD indication is ttheir language around anti-TNF because you're going to see S1P coming in, you're going to see L23s coming in both are decent molecules. Surprisingly Rinvoq actually still has tthey strongest efficacy data across. But anti-TNF. What will happen with anti-TNF is no longer tthey frontline treatment, you'll find yourself stuck behind second or third line. And tthey question is ttheyre tthey ability to diversify that label away from something to say after anti-TNF that something say, do not use ttheir first line. Big category A, B or C. How do we address tthey ability to change tthey language in tthey label? Neil Gallagtheyr Yeah. I would say one of tthey things is I think we have some time and space. I think it's a longer-term issue, but it is a strategic issue. So as you highlighted right now, if you look globally, still, if you look at tthey base of patients, and ttheir is important, that tthey way tthey gastroenterology market behaves is ttheyy hold on to tthey front line as long as ttheyy can. So what tthey gastros do and why is that? Because ttheyy're afraid to go to tthey next line of ttheyrapy despite how severe tthey disease is.  So ttheyy do a few things. Ttheyy combine, ttheyy use steroids and ttheyy dose intensify. So ttheyy increase tthey STELARA dose. Ttheyy increased tthey REMICADE dose. Ttheyy double up tthey HUMIRA dose, right?  And what we see in our research is that still 70% to 80% of all tthey base in tthey world on a pretty large indication at one point, 35% of all tthey sales of HUMIRA. So ttheyre's a huge base of patients that have already been exposed to TNF that can move right now to Rinvoq. Now overtime, you're right, as you start to see ENTYVIO, ottheyr agents, you can say, does that TNF label, is it -- is it a hard practical step wtheyre I have to go backwards? Or does a physician have some discretion over time after bio-IR, we'll see. Tthey ottheyr thing is we do have some discussions that were -- ttheyy're confidential as we think about our Crohn's approach to continue to highlight ttheir to tthey agency over what might we need to do to think about a second-line indication versus a pure step-through TNF. So that's underway. Look, we don't know if that's going to be possible. But nonettheyless, we're pretty excited about IBD. Ronny Gal  Got it. So tthey answer is tthey, we don't know yet what we might need to do to improve our label. That discussion is underway. Neil Gallagtheyr That's underway. Ronny Gal  Okay. Broader question. So you talk about tthey conversation with those aggressive payers and so forth. I guess my question is tthey one that AbbVie is being primarily thought for as a stock you want to own because it's going to trough in '23- '24 in terms of earnings and ttheyn accelerate from that period to 2030 as tthey immunology franctheire comes up, is a steady keeps on ramping as migrating ramps. And ttheyre is no real big loss of IP until 2028 on tthey BTK or even longer or beyond that. Rob Michael  Beyond that. We communicate 2020 is no longer that, ttheir is starting to --- yeah. So we have really -- you look at our LOE exposure. Ronny Gal  That’s fantastic. So no major early cut to 2032. We can't argue for anything better, right, across pharma, right? So it's wonderful. Tthey question really becomes is what prevents tthey immunology category for beginning to behave like diabetes, wtheyre ttheyre are going to be two-three-four molecules per class and tthey payers are beginning to squeeze ttheym down -- will continue to squeeze ttheym down on pricing.  So yes, over theyre might be a little bit tougtheyr to switch. But tthey dynamics of prices go down 5% per year. Is ttheir our destiny from 2025 to 2030 or ttheyre are some good reasons why that will not be tthey case. Neil Gallagtheyr I don't -- we don't believe that, that's going to be tthey case in terms of starting to look fully commoditized like more like tthey diabetes space. I think one of tthey things is that certainly, our assets and you highlighted Rinvoq. I mean Rinvoq is going to be behind tthey TNF. So in some cases, look, you're going to have a moat around that drug with tthey size of tthey indication, still how large it is, as it accelerates in second line plus. Tthey second line plus markets become very significant, we don't see something like we're going to step through generic Xeljanz or based on tthey label ttheyre. Ronny Gal  So in tthey way tthey cautionary points around tthey class have theylped you isolate. Neil Gallagtheyr That's a -- that is some way to think about how you think about tthey stability in later lines ttheyre. I think tthey ottheyr piece is around SKYRIZI. I mean SKYRIZI I'd tell you that tthey growth is absolutely explosive. And certainly, ttheyre's been strong commercial execution. But equally, ttheir is a tremendous asset. And we're gaining on SKYRIZI just in tthey psoriasis space, tthey psoriasis plus PSA, one out of two every newer switch patients. Ttheir is far beyond any competitor. And so we think tthey performance of tthey asset, we have multiple theyad-to-theyad trials. We have more theyad-to-theyad trials coming against Otezla potentially every six-month dosing.  So we're building, again, very strong position around ttheir in terms of overall physician preference. We do plan for price degradation in our planning. It's not like we're saying ttheyse are going to be stable or we're not thinking about ttheyre's going to be that ttheyre's going to be pricing declines as we as we move through tthey decade, but we think we've got tthey balance overall right. And tthey assets ttheymselves are very, very unique. Rob Michael  I mean you really pointed two things. One, we have differentiation with SKYRIZI and Rinvoq. So it isn't a me-too approach. And ttheyn also, if you look at tthey trends in ttheir space, we've seen formularies expand. Ttheyre's more choice now. And so as you look at those trends, and as Jeff mentioned, we did build that we gave that 2025 guidance. We've made an assumption around price that I think would be prudent. But we're not concerned about that. It's really tthey volume growth that's going to take SKYRIZI and Rinvoq in a position wtheyre we'll exceed tthey peak revenue of HUMIRA. Ronny Gal  So let's talk about some that could degrade your pricing, which is 340B penetration. So we've seen a massive penetration of 340B being to tthey specialty pharmacies -- or growing very, very quickly, I should better say, in tthey last two years, which essentially drove tthey industry to draw tthey line around ttheir.  Now tthey question ttheyn becomes if we end up in a compromise wtheyre, yes, you'll have patient data, so you don't have to pay double rebates, but 340B goes back to being a viable option. Is ttheir a real setback to tthey growth rate of immunology in your drugs, in particular, or is ttheir more of like a, look, it will take a couple of percentage of, but it's not a real big deal. Rob Michael  If you look at over tthey long-range plan, it's not a big deal because it depends on which asset you're talking about. Immunology -- and so within immunology, it was primarily, I'd say, HUMIRA and we did a very good job of eliminating those duplicate discounts. And so to tthey extent, as long as we're efficient with tthey scrubbing, you didn't see it come through necessarily in our results but that's really wtheyre I'd say it's not an issue for SKYRIZI and Rinvoq. Over tthey long-term, it's not an area of concern. Ronny Gal   Okay. Let's talk about neurology. And let's start with tthey R&D. So I remember several years ago, you were pretty skeptical about Amulet beta. And you've now moved very quickly to advance some of tthey molecules you obviously had in research into tthey clinical pipeline. Can you tell us a little bit about how you think you see yourself participating in both tthey amyloid beta, [indiscernible] wtheyre your programs are, wtheyre should we see tthey next set of data and in your mind, what could drive that differentiation. Rob Michael  Sure. So starting with tthey A beta, tthey molecule that we have in tthey clinic, again, it adtheyres to our overall philosophy is first-in-class or best-in-class. Clearly, we're not first-in-class. So we have to be best-in-class.  So -- if you look at tthey evolving science in ttheir space, right, -- two things, stand out. One is that tthey rapidity of amyloid clearance may be important. And tthey ottheyr thing that stands out is that tthey safety liability around ARIA is also important to it. So ttheyse radiological changes. Tthey asset that we have is, we believe, differentiated in class now. We'll learn a lot more ttheir year about wtheyre ttheir cost of drug is going. But we believe that tthey asset that we have is potentially best-in-class for a couple of reasons. So it was selected to bind to an epitope that is less prevalent in tthey vasculature, right? So one of tthey -- I mean tthey cellular vasculature. So one of tthey probable causes of ARIA is as tthey amyloid is cleared, it disrupts ttheir disrupted endovascular structure, right? And that leads to leaking fluid into tthey cerebellar [ph].  Tthey molecular we have binds more selectively right into tthey server tissue rattheyr than tthey vascular tissue. So it should have an advantage with respect to causing less lower rates of area, which can occur if you look at some of tthey publittheyyd data in up to third of -- almost third of patients, so it's a real problem. Whilst maintaining from an efficacy perspective, tthey rapidity of amyloid clearance and we're currently in studies, and we're measuring both of those things.  So as tthey data evolves -- as tthey external data evolve, our own internal data, our own internal program is set up to test wtheyttheyr or not that dose hypottheyses are correct. In ottheyr words, from amyloid clearance, but also from a safety perspective. We've got a differentiated asset. And that's going to evolve pretty rapidly, right, in tthey next two years. Ronny Gal  Yeah, exactly, and Tau? Rob Michael  Tau is earlier. So I think that we're I'm not really ready to talk too much about it, but we have assets in tthey pipeline, and it's obviously just given tthey nature of a space that we're interested in. Ronny Gal  Let's talk about migraine for a little bit. Your migraine molecules maybe I'll quite that way. Your competitor from -- one of your competitors made a recent acquisition in ttheir space. And on tthey call, ttheyy said that ttheyy're modeling $5 billion fixed sales for ttheyir molecule, which I thought pretty big number. But I guess tthey question for you is, do you buy those. So you're going to have at least staff of ttheir market, assuming with your two orals. $5 million good targets for peak sales. Rob Michael  Look, we said for QULIPTA and Ubrelvy we expect to exceed $1 billion. Now that could be right -- and so as we look at tthey potential I mean ttheyre are some unique differences with Nurtec and as we think about wtheyre QULIPTA can play role internationally versus wtheyre ttheyy can play I have a hard time seeing ttheym get. In fact, ttheyy said six, not five, I think tthey $6 billion. But ttheyse are markets with tremendous growth potential.  We like tthey assets we have. As we get furttheyr along on tthey journey with Ubrelvy and QULIPTA, we may update that guidance. But it's not out of tthey question. I have a hard time seeing how with ttheyir molecule ttheyy'll get to tthey $6 billion, but it's not crazy ttheyre. Ronny Gal  So [Indiscernible] ttheir is not tied to that number by any chance No. I'm kind of -- maybe tthey right way to follow up on ttheir. What is your expectation for tthey share of tthey oral for tthey share of oral as a percentage of tthey overall market for migraine prevention? Is it more like -- I'm not asking specifically for that point, but is it kind of like 80%, 60%, 40%? Rob Michael  I mean, ttheyoretically, wtheyn we look at tthey markets, I mean, you've got ttheyse very establittheyyd triptans. And what's been pretty interesting about ttheir marketplace. I'm referring to tthey U.S. now. It's not like tthey triptan use is declining. -- it's actually wtheyn you look at tthey penetration rate of tthey CGRPs, tthey oral CGRP, it's building on top of it. So -- and that's typically how some markets work.  So ttheyoretically, wtheyn you look at tthey ability for people to handle triptans. I think it's less than 50%. I don't see anywtheyre near 80% simply because almost all tthey payer contracts make you step through triptans.  So if you look at wtheyttheyr it's Nortech or Ubrelvy, you have to step through at least one or two triptans for that. So ttheyn you look and say, how many people are going to struggle with triptans? I mean ttheyre's no question ttheyse are wonderful molecules. I mean -- ttheyy work great. Ttheyy're very, very safe. I mean, Ubrelvy, you can take two of ttheym. You don't get rebound theyadacthey. You can almost clear tthey migraine if tthey first one doesn't work, you can take a second one.  So if you look at tthey technical analysis, you'd say roughly 40% of people eittheyr can't tolerate or have contraindications to a triptan. So I think that's kind of how we see wtheyre that may cap out. But again, we've been pleasantly surprised based on tthey profile of tthey drugs on how much patients really appreciate ttheyse molecules. Ronny Gal  And given tthey price, would you expect tthey U.S. to OUS ratio to be? Rob Michael  Well, I think ttheir is a big piece of tthey perhaps risk on ttheir guidance, tthey $6 billion guidance is wtheyre tthey pricing ends up on tthey international. In our planning, I don't know tthey exact one, Ronny, what tthey ratio is, but it's still largely a U.S.-orientated business.  Now having said that, since we've done tthey acquisition, we've accelerated, particularly QULIPTA because we think that we know that we can see tthey MAB pricing. We know that we can differentiate ttheyre with tthey oral and having both of tthey indications. We started programs in China, Japan and Europe. So ttheir is -- that  Ronny Gal  Next 12 months, we'll see how that is. Rob Michael Yeah, right.  Ronny Gal  All right. Well, we've got about two three minutes left and I wonder if anybody wants to raise ttheyir hands and ask a question from tthey audience? In that case, I will throw one more, which is why don't we just do 951. So 951, I have big hopes for ttheir. But tthey sad effect profile, at least tthey one that you reported top-line, looked a little bit not quite wtheyre it should be in order for ttheir to essentially be able to compete with newer stimulation.  How do you think -- I could be completely wrong. How are you thinking about ttheir? Rob Michael  Yeah, we don't think about it that I think, look, if you think about tthey opportunity for ttheyse patients who are severely moderate to severely affected with Parkinson's disease, not to have to worry about stoma care, right? So tthey critical difference between 951 is that it's administered subcutaneously. And we've talked about ttheir a lot. We've talked about. We've looked at tthey characteristics of how patients are managing on study. We've thought about a lot about what kind of support patients are going to need. But what's very, very clear to us is that we believe that 951 is going to open up a ttheyrapy to a broader group of patients. Just given tthey nature of ttheyir disease at that point.  And just think about it, right? Tthey patient and theyr caregiver don't have to worry about taking care of a stoma, right? It's a simple subcutaneous route of administration. So we believe that we're still very excited about 951 and I personally think that it's going to be really. I think it’s a really great option for Parkinson’s patients.  Ronny Gal  And peak sales range for ttheir one? Rob Michael  We’d say great than $1 million.  Ronny Gal  Very good. And with that, we’re just around tthey end of time. So a lot of exciting things happening in AbbVie. Thank you very much all for being theyre and our three speakers today. Thank you.  Rob Michael  Thank you. Neil Gallagtheyr Thank you.