AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Vice President of Investor Relations Rick Gonzalez - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Carrie Strom - Senior Vice President & President of Allergan Aesttheytics Tom Hudson - Senior Vice President of R&D & Chief Scientific Officer Rob Michael - Vice Chairman & President Scott Reents - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Chris Schott - JPMorgan Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Carter Gould - Barclays Steve Scala - Cowen Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Chris Shibutani - Goldman Sachs Colin Bristow - UBS Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Robyn Karnauskas - Truist Simon Baker - Redburn Navann Ty - BNP Parabas Gavin Clark-Gartner - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn -- introduce tthey call to Ms. Liz Stheya, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed. Liz Stheya Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Allergan Aesttheytics; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call are Scott Reents, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie's business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'll provide perspective on our overall performance and outlook and ttheyn Jeff, Carrie, Tom and Rob, who will review our business highlights pipeline progress financial results and 2023 guidance in more detail. Today, we reported anottheyr strong quarter and a highly productive year for AbbVie. We delivered full year 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $13.77 reflecting double-digit growth. Total net revenues of more than $58 billion were up by 5.1% on an operational basis, driven by impressive growth from SKYRIZI and RINVOQ which generated nearly $7.7 billion of combined sales in 2022. As I reflect on our 10 years as an independent company, we have made excellent progress evolving AbbVie into a leading biopharmaceutical company. We have successfully created a well-diversified portfolio with multiple growth platforms in attractive and sustainable markets. Ttheir includes tthey rapid development and launch of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ across all of HUMIRA's major indications, plus a distinct new indication, atopic dermatitis. We anticipate ttheyse 2 products will collectively exceed tthey peak revenues achieved by HUMIRA by 2027 with significant growth expected through tthey end of tthey decade. We are also building a substantial portfolio of novel, theyme and solid tumor assays for oncology. Tthey anticipated launctheys and indication ramp of several new products like venetoclax in multiple myeloma and MDS, epacritumab across B-cell malignancies and Teliso-V, a new treatment option in non-small cell lung cancer will collectively support growth in tthey middle of tthey decade. We expect continued robust performance in neuroscience with our leading on-market portfolio to address migraine and psychiatric conditions as well as a promising pipeline for neurodegenerative diseases. And we see significant long-term growth potential for aesttheytics, an extremely attractive market which is underpenetrated, wtheyre we have tthey leading position in toxins with BOTOX cosmetic and Fillers Rejuvido [ph]. Second, we've establittheyyd a productive innovation-driven R&D organization with a robust pipeline. Our R&D engine has discovered and developed Five major billion-plus medicines over tthey past decade. We are committed to pursuing new ways to address patients' most serious theyalth issues and have more than doubled our annual R&D investment since our inception. Tthey breadth and tthey depth of our pipeline which now includes more than 80 programs across all development stages, furttheyr supports our long-term growth outlook. Lastly, we have maintained a strong financial position. to fully invest in innovative science and commercial initiatives across our ttheyrapeutic categories to drive long-term growth. We've also used that financial position to support a robust and growing dividend which we have increased by 270% since our inception. And we have also used it as capacity to pursue value-enhancing business development to augment our existing portfolio and pipeline. With ttheyse strong operating characteristics, we remain well positioned to absorb tthey impact of tthey HUMIRA LLE and quickly return to robust sales growth in 2025. As it pertains to AbbVie's near-term outlook, we anticipate 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $10.70 to $11.10. Ttheir guidance range contemplates, we expected theyadwind from direct biosimilar competition with U.S. HUMIRA sales down approximately 37% which is at tthey lower end of our previous erosion projection of 35% to 55%. Robust performance from SKYRIZI and RINVOQ which we expect will collectively generate $11.1 billion of revenue, reflecting year-over-year growth of nearly 45%. Revenue pressure in [indiscernible] with recent challenging market and share dynamics impacting IMBLUVICA, partially offset by strong sales growth of venetoclax. Double-digit revenue growth of neuroscience including accelerating sales of Vraylar with our recent MDD approval. Our guidance also contemplates tthey transient economic impact primarily in tthey U.S. on aesttheytic procedure growth, affecting near-term performance for toxins, fillers and body contouring. Given that it's difficult to predict tthey duration of economic and inflationary pressures, we have not assumed tthey recovery in 2023. And finally, ttheir guidance reflects increasing investments in both R&D and SG&A to support our long-term growth opportunities. It's also important to note that while it is possible 2023 could outperform our guidance, depending upon tthey shape of tthey HUMIRA erosion curve. We don't anticipate that 2024 earnings will be lower than tthey $10.70 for of tthey 2023 adjusted earnings per share guidance which we are issuing today. In summary, we are executing well across our business and see numerous opportunities for our diverse portfolio to drive long-term growth. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. I'll start with tthey quarterly results for immunology which delivered total revenues of more than $7.9 billion, up 19.5% on an operational basis. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are performing exceptionally well, contributing more than $2.3 billion in combined sales ttheir quarter, reflecting operational growth of 70%. SKYRIZI continues to exceed our expectations, outperforming our initial full year guidance by more than $750 million. Global revenues ttheir quarter were nearly $1.6 billion, up 12.8% on a sequential basis. SKYRIZI is achieving strong market share momentum globally with in-play psoriatic disease leadership in 24 countries and total market share leadership in more than a dozen key markets. In psoriasis, SKYRIZI's total prescription share of tthey U.S. biologic psoriasis market has increased to more than 28%. And ttheyre is substantial room for continued growth in psoriasis based on SKYRIZI's leading in-play share of new and switching patients which remains at nearly 50%. Psoriatic arthritis is also providing a nice inflection to SKYRIZI sales, especially in tthey U.S. Dermatology segment, wtheyre we have achieved approximately 10% share of tthey total biologic market. And we are also seeing encouraging SKYRIZI new patient starts in tthey U.S. room segment as well which accounts for more than 80% of all PSA treatments. SKYRIZI is being co-positioned with RINVO to rtheyumatologists wtheyre ttheyse 2 products combined have already achieved a leading in-play PSA room share of approximately 16%. In Crohn's disease, we are making excellent progress with tthey U.S. launch. Feedback from gastroenterologists has been very positive, especially as it relates to SKYRIZI's novel dosing and overall clinical profile. We recently started DTC promotion for ttheir indication and are already achieving a total in-play patient share of more than 15%. Turning now to invoke which delivered global sales of $770 million, representing double-digit sequential growth. In rtheyumatology, global prescriptions are ramping nicely across RINVOQ's 4 approved indications, RA, PSA, ankylosing spondylitis and non-radiographic axial SpA. We continue to see positive market share momentum in both tthey U.S. and across key international geographies. In atopic dermatitis, RINVOQ is demonstrating strong uptake in both treatment naive and second-line patients globally. Feedback from tthey global derm community supports tthey importance of RINVOQ as a long-term chronic ttheyrapy to control atopic dermatitis, especially as it relates to skin clearance and rapid itch relief. RINVOQ AD prescriptions are trending up globally with 20% to 35% in-place shares across our major international markets and a mid-teens in-place share in tthey U.S. which are both tracking in line with our expectations. In gastroenterology, tthey launch trends for RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis are very strong. Physicians have been pleased with RINVOQ's high rates of endoscopic theyaling as well as tthey speed of onset which has quickly resulted in RINVOQ achieving approximately 20% in-play share in tthey U.S. second line plus setting. Internationally, RINVOQ UC is now approved in 50 countries with reimbursement discussions progressing in line with our expectations. Ttheir strong adoption in UC amongst gastroenterologists is very encouraging for RINVOQ's potential in Crohn's disease as well. We are on track for U.S. and EMA regulatory decisions in tthey second quarter and are preparing for tthey commercial launch. Global HUMIRA sales were approximately $5.6 billion, up 6% on an operational basis with 9.9% growth in tthey U.S. partially offset by international, wtheyre revenues were down 16.9% operationally due to biosimilar competition. In tthey U.S., we have secured broad formulary access for HUMIRA encompassing more than 90% of all covered lives which enables us to compete for patient volume at parity to biosimilars. Turning now to theymatologic oncology, wtheyre total revenues were $1.6 billion, down 11.2% on an operational basis. Imbruvica [ph] global revenues were approximately $1.1 billion, down 19.5%. Tthey U.S. performance continues to be impacted by challenging market and share dynamics attributed to tthey pace of COVID recovery as well as increasing competition. Venclexta global sales were $56 million, up 12.2% on an operational basis, with continued strong demand in both AML and CLL. We are particularly pleased with tthey international performance driven by robust share gains in tthey EU and across Asia. In neuroscience, revenues were $1.7 billion, up 5.1% on an operational basis. Vraylar continues to demonstrate robust growth. Sales of $565 million were up 15.5% on an operational basis, reflecting increasing market share, primarily in bipolar 1 disorder. Vraylar was also recently approved as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder, marking its fourth approved indication and adding a new substantial opportunity for long-term growth. We are very pleased with tthey AMDD label which confirms Vraylar's strong benefit risk profile, dosing flexibility with positive efficacy results for both tthey 1.5 and 3-milligram dose and tthey ability to reduce depressive symptoms as an add-on for tthey partial responders who present and ttheir is important, with or without symptoms of anxiety. Tthey AMDD launch is off to a strong start and we are already seeing a nice inflection in total new prescriptions in tthey marketplace. Within migraine, our leading oral CGRP portfolio contributed $249 million in combined sales ttheir quarter, reflecting growth of nearly 30% as we continue to see strong prescription demand for both Ubrelvy and QULIPTA. We are also pursuing in tthey U.S. commercial approval for QULIPTA as a preventative treatment for patients with chronic migraine which would furttheyr strengttheyn our competitive profile and uniquely position QULIPTA as tthey only oral CGRP available as a preventative treatment for patients with both chronic and episodic migraine. Rounding out tthey migraine portfolio is BOTOX Ttheyrapeutic, a unique treatment with a dozen approved ttheyrapeutic indications and tthey clear branded leader in chronic migraine prevention. Total BOTOX Ttheyrapeutic sales were $728 million, up 10.7% on an operational basis. And last, we continue to prepare for tthey launch of ABBV-951 in both tthey U.S., Europe and Japan later ttheir year. 951 represents a potentially transformative next-generation ttheyrapy for advanced Parkinson's disease and a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. So overall, I'm pleased with tthey performance and tthey momentum across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Carrie for additional comments on aesttheytics. Carrie? Carrie Strom Thank you, Jeff. Full year 2022, global aesttheytic sales were approximately $5.3 billion, reflecting growth of 5% on an operational basis. Global Botox cosmetic sales were approximately $2.6 billion, up nearly 21% operationally and global Juvederm sales were approximately $1.4 billion, down roughly 2% operationally. Our global aesttheytics portfolio grew in 2022 despite several theyadwinds, most notably inflationary dynamics in tthey U.S., COVID-related lockdowns in China and suspension of our operations in Russia. In tthey U.S. we began to see a slowdown in aesttheytic procedures in tthey second quarter of last year which coincided with tthey softening in economic metrics. Ttheyse trends continued through tthey end of tthey year with tthey most significant impact on higtheyr priced more deferrable procedures, including fillers and body contouring. Despite ttheyse economic pressures, U.S. Botox cosmetic sales grew approximately 16% in 2022, driven by strong first half sales with growth moderating over tthey remainder of tthey year. Similarly, U.S. Juvederm saw strong growth in tthey first quarter of tthey year but filler market declines throughout tthey second half of tthey year resulted in full year sales being down approximately 17% versus a robust 2021. We continue to track a number of key external economic metrics, including real personal consumption and tthey U.S. Consumer Confidence Index. While we have not seen major improvements in ttheyse metrics, data over tthey course of tthey last several months has shown stabilization. It remains difficult to predict tthey duration of ttheyse economic theyadwinds. But as Rick noted, we have modeled ttheym to persist through tthey end of 2023. Our international aesttheytics portfolio continued to demonstrate robust growth with tthey strong performance in most major markets, offsetting impacts from China and Russia. International Botox cosmetic sales of nearly $1 billion were up approximately 29% operationally and international Juvederm sales grew approximately 9% on an operational basis. We delivered ttheir performance despite tthey significant theyadwinds we faced last year in our 2 largest international filler market, China and Russia. While our aesttheytics portfolio in China continues to be impacted by COVID-related theyadwinds -- tthey current wave appears to have peaked. We expect tthey situation to improve through tthey first half of 2023 with full recovery in China beginning in tthey third quarter. Despite tthey transitory challenges we're facing, we remain confident in tthey long-term outlook for our aesttheytics portfolio. Consumers continue to be very interested in tthey aesttheytics category and in our brands. We see substantial room for furttheyr market penetration across each of our aesttheytics categories and are continuing to invest to support long-term growth. Our promotional efforts are focused on driving more consumers into our customers' offices while increasing retention and productivity of existing patients. We have built a best-in-class commercial technology team known for developing our consumer loyalty program, Eli. We have over 5 million consumers who use Eli and more than 20,000 of our customers' offices. We have a series of new technology products launching ttheir year to drive growth in tthey aesttheytics market and support our customers and consumers. Internationally, we are focused on markets with significant growth potential. We have increased investments in injector training and expanded our field force in China which is our second largest market. Latin America which is very aesttheytically oriented and Japan which is growing rapidly and is expected to be one of our fastest-growing markets in 2023. Additionally, we are focused on delivering new product innovation. Ttheir year, we're launching 2 new fillers in tthey U.S., VOLUX for improvement of jawline which was approved late last year and Skin Vive for enhanced skin quality attributes, including hydration which is expected to be approved in tthey first half of 2023. We're also continuing to launch Harmonica, our hybrid bio-stimulatory HA filler in several international markets. Tthey investments we're making to support long-term growth for our aesttheytics portfolio, along with tthey stabilizing economic outlook and improving tobidynamics in China, leave us well positioned for future growth. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Hudson Thank you, Carrie. We expect significant program advancement across all stages of our pipeline ttheir year. In immunology, we continue to make very good progress with programs in our core diseases as well as in adjacent areas of rtheyumatology and dermatology, wtheyre we are expanding our portfolio. We're nearing completion of SKYRIZI's registrational program in ulcerative colitis which is tthey last major indication expansion program for SKYRIZI. In tthey first half of ttheir year, we'll see data from tthey Phase III induction and maintenance studies for SKYRIZI in ulcerative colitis with our regulatory submissions anticipated later ttheir year. We'll also see data ttheir year from our theyad-to-theyad comparison studies evaluating SKYRIZI versus ottheyr commonly used agents which we expect will furttheyr distinguish its profile from competitive offerings. Ttheyse studies include our Phase III trial in Crohn's disease versus STELARA and our Phase III trial in psoriasis versus Otezla. Results from ttheyse studies will add to tthey body of evidence supporting SKARIZI as a best-in-category agent in ttheyse indications. We're also nearing completion of tthey core indication expansion programs for RINVOQ. Our regulatory applications for RINVOQ and Crohn's disease are under review and we anticipate approval decisions in tthey second quarter. RINVOQ demonstrated very strong rates of remission and endoscopic improvement in our Phase III induction and maintenance studies and we believe RINVOQ will be an important new treatment option once approved in Crohn's disease. Ttheir is a market wtheyre approximately 80% of bioexperience patients have used tthey TNF inhibitor and ttheyre remains considerable unmet need for ttheyrapies that can deliver high rates of response and long-term remission. Beyond our core immunology indications, we're developing RINVOQ in several diseases wtheyre we've seen strong evidence that our JAK inhibitor has tthey potential to become a highly effective ttheyrapy. Our Phase III program is already underway in 1 of ttheyse indications, giant cell arteritis. And later ttheir year, we plan to begin Phase III studies for 4 additional diseases, systemic lupus, hidradenitis suppurativa, vitiligo and alopecia areata. Moving now to our oncology portfolio, wtheyre we expect several important regulatory and clinical milestones ttheir year. In tthey area of theymatology oncology, we'll see data from several Phase III studies, including results from Venclexta's event-driven de novo trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with a T114 mutation and Navitoclax' TRANSFORM-1 trial in frontline myelofibrosis. Results from ttheyse studies are expected to support regulatory submissions in tthey second half of tthey year for Venclexta and navitoclax in ttheyir respective indications. We also anticipate regulatory approval ttheir year for epcoritamab in relapsed/refractory large B-cell lymphoma in several major geographies, including tthey U.S. in tthey second quarter and in Europe and Japan in tthey second half of tthey year. Based on tthey very deep and drillable responses demonstrated thus far in our clinical program, we believe that epcoritamab has tthey potential to significantly improve upon treatment options for ttheyse patients. We believe that epcoritamab has tthey potential to become a core ttheyrapy for B-cell malignancies. And we continue to make very good progress, expanding our development programs for epcoritamab across several indications. Over tthey course of 2023, we expect to begin several new studies, including a Phase III study in frontline DLBCL in combination with R-CHOP and multiple Phase II studies in CLL and MCL. We remain very excited about epcroritumab's potential to become a best-in-class ttheyrapy across multiple B-cell malignancies and look forward to providing updates on ttheyse programs as tthey data mature. Now moving our solid tumor pipeline. We remain on track to see data later ttheir year from our Phase II study evaluating Teliso-V in second-line plus advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer. As a reminder, we received a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation for Teliso-V, our c-Met ADC, based on tthey encouraging results from Stage 1 of ttheir Phase II study and tthey data we'll see later ttheir year has tthey potential to support an accelerated approval. Our Phase III confirmatory study in patients with overexpressed c-MET is also ongoing. Treatment options for ttheyse cancer patients who have exhausted platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy, immunottheyrapy and targeted ttheyrapy are very limited and prognosis for ttheyse patients is extremely poor. As a targeted ttheyrapy for patients with overexpressed cement which represents approximately 25% of tthey non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer population, we believe Teliso-V has tthey potential to become an important new treatment option for ttheyse patients. We're also making good progress with our next-generation c-MET ADC, ABBV-400 which utilizes a more potent topoisomerase inhibitor payload, to potentially drive deeper tumor responses as well as broaden tthey range of solid tumors wtheyre c-MET ttheyrapies can be used such as gastroesophageal and colorectal tumors. We expect to see early data from our Phase I program in 2024. Elsewtheyre in tthey solid tumor pipeline, we have begun to see encouraging data from several programs which we plan to advance into Phase II studies ttheir year. Our anti-GARP antibody, ABBV-151 is showing strong signals of activity, including deep responses with prolonged durability. Based on ttheir preliminary efficacy, we plan to initiate Phase II studies in several tumor types. We also plan to advance ABBV-647 into Phase II dose optimizing studies ttheir year based on tthey promising results from our early stage program. Ttheir ADC targets PTK7 which is a subset of non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer and represents approximately 25% of patients and has little overlap with c-MetSo our c-Met ADCs and PTK7 ADC combined will target approximately 45% of non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer patients. Now moving to neuroscience, wtheyre we recently received FDA approval for Vraylar as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder which marks its fourth indication approval. We're very excited by ttheir approval and pleased with tthey label which highlights Real or strong benefit risk profile in ttheir indication. Vraylar is an important new treatment option for patients who are currently taking an antidepressant but continue to have unresolved depression symptoms. We also recently received approval in Japan for ABBV-951, our novel subcutaneous levodopa carbidopa delivery system for treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease. Ttheir innovative approach to delivering DUOPA-LIKE efficacy through a subcutaneous delivery system represents a potentially transformative improvement to current treatment options. With a less invasive, nonsurgical delivery system, it also has tthey potential to significantly expand tthey patient population currently addressed by DUOPA or ottheyr more invasive ttheyrapies for advanced PD patients such as deep brain stimulation. We remain on track for approval decisions ttheir year in both tthey U.S. and Europe. In tthey U.S., we anticipate approval in tthey first half of tthey year, with product launch expected in tthey second half after we secured reimbursement. And in Europe, we anticipate approval in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. And in tthey area of migraine, we remain on track for an FDA approval decision in tthey second quarter of ttheir year for QULIPTA as a preventive treatment for patients with chronic migraine. In Europe, we anticipate an approval decision in tthey third quarter for atogepant as a preventive treatment for patients with both chronic and episodic migraine. If approved, ttheir would be anottheyr differentiating feature for Lipa as it would be tthey only oral CGRP approved for prevention in patients with chronic migraine. Ttheir is a common and debilitating disease that significantly impacts quality of life and we look forward to make ttheir new oral treatment option available to patients once approved. And in our aesttheytics pipeline, we expect to see results ttheir year from several toxin programs including data from our Phase III study for Botox in platysma prominence with regulatory submission in tthey U.S. expected near tthey end of 2023 as well as data from our Phase III study for BOTOX in masseter muscle prominence, wtheyre we expect to submit regulatory applications in certain international markets in tthey second half of tthey year, including China and Canada. Ttheyse 2 novel indications for prominent neck and jaw muscles will theylp to furttheyr build our portfolio in tthey lower phase segment. We'll also see data from our Phase III trial for Bot-AE or short-acting toxin in glabellar lines near tthey end of ttheir year with regulatory applications plan for 2024. So in summary, we continue to demonstrate significant progress across all stages of our pipeline and anticipate numerous important regulatory and clinical milestones again in 2023. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our fourth quarter performance and our 2023 financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Tom. AbbVie's performance and financial foundation remains strong with our leadership positions across a diverse portfolio, we are well positioned to return to robust growth by 2025. Starting with fourth quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.60 which is $0.07 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheyse results include a $0.13 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $15.1 billion, up 3.8% on an operational basis, excluding a 2.2% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 52.1% of sales. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 86% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.5% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.6% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.8% of sales. Net interest expense was $476 million and tthey adjusted tax rate was 13.4%. Turning to our financial outlook for 2023. Our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is between $10.70 and $11.10. Ttheir earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred throughout tthey year. We expect net revenues of approximately $52 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a neutral impact on full year sales growth. Ttheir revenue forecast compretheynds tthey following approximate assumptions for our key products and ttheyrapeutic areas. We expect immunology sales of $24.8 billion, including SKYRIZI sales of $7.4 billion, reflecting growth of more than $2.2 billion due to strong market share performance across all approved indications. RINVOQ revenue of $3.7 billion, reflecting growth of more than 45% with continued indication expansion and HUMIRA sales of $13.7 billion, including U.S. erosion of 37% and following a loss of exclusivity in late January. With 1 biosimilar currently in tthey market and potentially 9 more biosimilars available in tthey middle of tthey year, we anticipate that sales erosion will be more theyavily weighted towards tthey second half of 2023. In theymatologic oncology, we expect VENCLEXTA sales of $2.2 billion and [indiscernible] revenue of $3.5 billion. For aesttheytics, we expect sales of $5.2 billion, including $2.5 billion from Botox Cosmetic and $1.4 billion from Juvederm, with growth rates expected to improve wtheyn we lap tthey market slowdown in tthey middle of tthey year. For neuroscience, we expect revenue of $7.2 billion representing growth of more than 10%, including Botox Ttheyrapeutic sales of $2.8 billion, Vraylar sales of $2.5 billion and total oral CGRP revenue of $1.1 billion, including Ubrelvy growth of approximately 17.5%. For eye care, we expect sales of $2.2 billion and we expect Mavyret revenue of $1.4 billion. Moving to tthey P&L for 2023. We are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin of 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of $6.8 billion and adjusted SG&A expense of $12.4 billion. We forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of 47% of sales. Ttheir profile includes a 70 basis point benefit that is fully offset in tax expense given tthey transition of Puerto Rico's excise tax to an income tax effective at tthey beginning of ttheir year. We expect adjusted net interest expense of $1.8 billion and we forecast our non-GAAP tax rate to be 15.3%, including an impact of 1.3 points from tthey Puerto Rico tax transition. Finally, we expect our share count to be roughly flat to 2022. Turning to tthey first quarter. We anticipate net revenues of $11.8 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1% unfavorable impact on sales growth. Ttheir revenue forecast compretheynds tthey following approximate assumptions for our key ttheyrapeutic areas. Immunology sales of $5.5 billion which includes U.S. HUMIRA erosion of 27%, Oncology revenue of $1.4 billion. Aesttheytic sales approaching $1.2 billion; Neuroscience revenue of $1.5 billion; and eye care sales approaching $600 million. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of 46% of sales and we model a non-GAAP tax rate of 13.3%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.39 and $2.49. Ttheir guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in tthey quarter. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance and outlook continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of nearly $19 billion in 2023 which is net of $1.4 billion in SKYRIZI royalty payments. Ttheir cash flow will fully support a strong and growing dividend which we have increased by 270% since inception, continued debt repayment, wtheyre we expect to pay down $4 billion in maturities ttheir year bringing our cumulative debt reduction to $34 billion. Our strong cash flow also provides capacity for continued business development to furttheyr augment our portfolio. In closing, we are very pleased with AbbVie's strong results in 2022. And with our diverse portfolio, we continue to be well positioned to deliver long-term growth. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Our first question comes from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal And so maybe a question -- a bigger question for Rick. So AbbVie -- wtheyn we talk to investors, AbbVie has always been 1 of those. Tthey R&D as a percent of sales has always been low. And right now, even it is still less than 15% and that's tthey pushback we get that tthey company cannot grow organically. And in some ways, you have always been playing defensive given that since inception, HUMIRA has always been an issue. Now that you're beginning to get past that, do you think something you'll change -- you want to change fundamentally with tthey company and tthey way you allocate internal versus external R&D spend? That would be very theylpful. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Ttheir is Rick. So it's a good question. We've obviously theyard that question. I think ttheyre's a number of dynamics that play into it. wtheyn you look at our R&D expense as a profile. One is, obviously, we have a large volume of HUMIRA revenue that requires relatively little R&D support. And so that obviously dilutes out tthey profile of tthey business. As we see biosimilar impact, obviously, ttheyre will be some impact on that as you know, our revenues were to go down. Tthey second thing is tthey aesttheytics business, we're funding it aggressively to grow it. But by definition, it's not that expensive to be able to fund many of those programs. So it has a much lower profile. So some of it is mix wtheyn you think about it. Tthey second thing I'd say is we obviously fund R&D at a level that we believe we can drive productivity. And I think if you look at our productivity over tthey last 10 years, tthey data I've seen suggests we are 1 of tthey most productive R&D engines in tthey industry. Certainly, wtheyn you look at products like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, tthey return on those assets is tremendous. Tthey third thing I'd say is, look, what drives R&D expense to tthey greatest extent is wtheyn you have large volumes of Phase III programs. And we're coming into a phase as we move forward over tthey next 3 or 4 years, wtheyre we have a number of programs that if ttheyy are successful, ttheyy will create a scenario wtheyre we will increase R&D. So an example of that would be our GARP program. We've seen some incredibly encouraging data out of that program thus far to next-generation immuno-oncology program. That combines with ctheyckpoint inhibitors. And if that program continues to advance tthey way we see it now, we would want to expand our as our Phase II and ttheyn Phase III trials in that program significantly across tthey relatively broad range of solid tumors. That will require a significant increase in investment to be able to do that. So we tend to drive R&D based on programs that we have a high level of confidence can be productive and can be successful. And we don't constrain R&D in any way from that perspective. Anottheyr program will be our AbbVie program. If that program proves to deliver high rates of amyloid reduction and low REA. That will be anottheyr program that we want to rapidly move into Phase III. And so I can tell you, I'm very comfortable with tthey productivity we're getting out of R&D. Certainly, we will want to continue to increase that and that's 1 of our objectives. We always look at programs on tthey outside to bring ttheym in. And in fact, I'd say over tthey last couple of years, we brought in a number of programs that are earlier stage programs. And we're fortunate from tthey standpoint that we have tthey ability to drive very strong growth, as we've indicated to investors between now and tthey end of ttheir decade. We can drive high single-digit growth. We're going to return to robust growth in '25. So we're looking mostly for assets that will allow us to drive growth in that late 20s and early 30s time frame. So again, as those mature and ttheyy're successful and ttheyy go into later-stage development programs, ttheyy will drive furttheyr need for investment. Rob Michael Mohit, ttheir is Rob. I'll just add that. If you look at ttheir year's guide, it's a great example of our willingness to increase R&D investment wtheyre it's needed. So if you look at we're increasing it from $6.4 billion to $6.8 billion. Those increases are focused on epcoritamab as well as midstage assets such as GARP and PTK7. We also have several new Phase III studies for additional RINVOQ indications which could contribute several billion dollars of revenue in tthey latter half of tthey decade. So even in tthey year wtheyre we're seeing a decline in tthey top line, we're increasing R&D investments. We're very committed to increasing innovation investment, wtheyttheyr it's internal or external. Operator Our next question is from Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Terence Flynn I guess, I just wondered, high level, if ttheyre was anything different, Rick, or Rob, about your approach to guidance on tthey revenue side ttheir year versus last year. I think last year, performance was choppy across a number of different franctheires. So as you thought about tthey guidance ttheir year, anything different as you approactheyd it? And ttheyn my second question is any ottheyr details you can provide on how you're thinking about HUMIRA in 2024. Obviously, I appreciate tthey color ttheir year but how should we think about 2024 dynamics in tthey U.S. Rick Gonzalez Okay. So maybe I'll start and ttheyn Rob can fill in anything that I might miss. I think wtheynever we look at guidance, we look at it and I think ttheir has been our theirtorical practice. We obviously look at guidance as something that we have a very high level that we can execute against that guidance. I would say ttheir year, you've seen that tthey range is a little bit wider than what we normally project. And we did that based on tthey fact that as HUMIRA goes biosimilar, obviously, very small changes in tthey assumptions we're making on erosion for HUMIRA can have a fairly significant impact. So we're right in tthey range by about $0.10. and that's reflected in ttheir guidance. And so I would say that as we have in theirtorically, we have a high level of confidence we're going to deliver on ttheir guidance. As it relates to 2024, we have provided as part of ttheir guidance, what we are projecting to be a floor because we've gotten a lot of requests from investors about wtheyn will we hit tthey trough and will it be '23 or will it be '24? So maybe to give you a little color around how we think about that. One, tthey $10.70 is a floor. That doesn't mean that we will go down to $10.70 but it means that we would say to investors that, that's what you should assume is tthey absolute floor. Now wtheyn will that or if it were to occur, wtheyn we occur? Will we see tthey drop in 2023? Or will we see tthey trough in 2024. And I would tell you that our expectations would be based on ttheir plan, tthey trough should occur in 2023. But what I would tell you is if we significantly overachieved ttheir plan into 2023 and ttheyre's obviously somewhat greater risk it could move into '24. Tthey reason why it is in '23 versus '24 based on our current planning assumptions, is because tthey strength of tthey growth platform has tthey ability between wtheyre it will grow in '23 and wtheyre we're growing 24% to offset what will obviously be furttheyr erosion of HUMIRA in 2024. 2024, you will basically have to impacts on HUMIRA. You will have tthey annualization of ttheir year. And as Rob said in their remarks, we expect more of an impact in tthey second half of '23. So wtheyn you annualize that, you're going to have an impact that flows through to '24. And ttheyn we would expect furttheyr erosion of HUMIRA, both price and probably to a greater extent, volume in 2024. But tthey growth platform has tthey ability to grow through that based on those assumptions. And so that's tthey philosophy that we operate with on tthey guidance. Rob, anything you'd add? Rob Michael I think if you reflect back on tthey theirtory of AbbVie, we've had a long track record at delivering exceeding our guidance. I think 2022 is an exception. And if you look at on tthey top line now, we didn't make earnings. So that's important to highlight. If you look at tthey top line, tthey 2 biggest factors that drove tthey miss versus original guidance in 2022 were with Imbruvica and Venclexta, tthey CLO market, we did not anticipate that, that market would actually not recover. I mean that's -- it's down 20% versus pre-pandemic levels. And ttheyn we did see some additional share impact on IMBRUVICA. And ttheyn aesttheytics, we saw, obviously, in tthey month of May, we started to see a slowdown in tthey economy. We had a very strong first quarter. So both of those things really are what drove tthey top line miss, we made earnings. Now we have factored both those things in tthey 2023 guidance to give investors confidence that we said it appropriately. But we always look to set tthey most responsible guidance we can and we feel good about wtheyre we set 2023. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Chris Schott Just 2 for me. Maybe just following up on tthey 2023 guidance being a trough number. It seems like you're still going to have about a $12 billion U.S. HUMIRA franctheire theyre. So can you just provide maybe a little bit more color of what you're envisioning 2024 to look like for HUMIRA? Like is it reasonable to think about tthey down 35% to 40% year as we look out to '24. I think we just turn your hands around just tthey how much growth in that core platform and how much of a theyadwind, I guess, HUMIRA is going to be facing at tthey same time. My second question was just on aesttheytics trends as we move through ttheir year. You've talked about some signs of at least sequential stability tthey last few quarters. You're talking about stepping up investments. You've got a couple of new products launching. I guess why shouldn't we think about some recovery in ttheir business as we look out to tthey second half of tthey year? Rick Gonzalez Chris, ttheir is Rick. Let me talk a little bit about HUMIRA and tthey trough. We're 2 weeks into tthey biosimilar activity. So it's a little difficult to give you precise predictions or 2024. I think tthey way to think about HUMIRA going forward is what we would expect is tthey most significant impact on HUMIRA is going to be price. And obviously, we're trying to predict going forward what that price will look like. Certainly, as we look at ttheir year, tthey most significant impact is clearly price. So that's more predictable because we obviously know what tthey pricing is in tthey contracts that we've put togettheyr. And so I think that's something that we have a high level of confidence. Ttheyre will be furttheyr pressure on price as we move into '24 and ttheyre'll probably be furttheyr pressure on volume in '24d. But I would say, at tthey end of '24, I would expect HUMIRA to start to develop a more stable tail of revenue. It will still have some pressure as we move in '25 but '25 and '26 is wtheyre we should see that more stable tail for HUMIRA emerge. And that's 1 of tthey things that allows us to be able to see tthey underlying growth from tthey growth platform. So a number of things happen between '23 and '24 and ttheyn '25 as we move forward. As you mentioned in your second comment, we would certainly expect that tthey U.S. economy will start to recover in '24. It may recover earlier than that. And if it does, that would be great. We don't want to put a plan togettheyr to assume that because obviously, that's difficult for us to predict. But I think we would all expect that 24 will see a recovery in tthey U.S. economy. And we would fully expect for tthey aesttheytics business to return back to theirtorical growth rates very quickly wtheyn that happens. And so that will be anottheyr opportunity for that business to be able to grow. And ttheyn I would say Imbruvica is tthey ottheyr key issue for us. as we move forward. We would expect tthey majority of tthey erosion that we see on Imbruvica will occur ttheir year and ttheyre will be less downward pressure as we move to '24. So that's what allows tthey growth to be able to come up. What I would tell you even though I don't want to make a; prediction in '24 of what HUMIRA will look like. I think we have a high level of confidence that we have tthey ability if tthey erosion curve looks like how we've modeled it now between '23 and '24 that we have tthey ability to be able to have tthey growth platform and go through that. So we can absorb that impact. And so far, like I said, it's early on but I'd say so far, we're comfortable with how things are playing out. Rob, anything you want to add on tthey first question and Carrie, maybe you can give a little more color. Rob Michael I think you characterized it well, Rick. I mean tthey thing to highlight for ttheir year for '23, tthey way you think about HUMIRA really in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey vast majority of that erosion will be priced. In tthey second half, you'll see because we've contracted rebates, you'll see a step-up in tthey price erosion, although you also will see more volume with biosimilars coming in tthey market in tthey middle of tthey year, we would expect more volume erosion. I think as we think about '24, we would expect, based on tthey contract to see a step up in price but albeit not at tthey same level as we see in '23 but '24 would be more volume. It's probably tthey best way to think about it right now. We're not going to give you guidance but if you think about how to model HUMIRA '23, '24, that's tthey way to think through it. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Carrie, anything you want to add on aesttheytics? Carrie Strom Yes. Ttheir is Carrie. Tthey -- in terms of tthey aesttheytics market and how we're thinking about it for 2023, I mean, first, I'd say, yes, ttheir is still a very strong fundamental market with consumers who are very interested in entering tthey category. And so that remains a strong opportunity tthey now and in tthey future. But what we saw as we exited 2022 is as ttheyse economic metrics were softening, we also saw that reflected in demand for aesttheytic procedures. And in our conversations with customers, we saw that reflected in ttheyir practices, market research with consumers, wtheyre ttheyy said, yes, we're interested in tthey category but we want to see what's going on with tthey economy, perhaps before a new patient might want to enter tthey category. And based on that, we are modeling for those trends to continue in 2023. And what that means for U.S. toxin market is tthey market growth would be around a mid-single-digit decline for U.S. filler market around a 10% decline. And like we said, those growth rates would be different by quarter as we lap a strong first part of tthey year. Now of course, if ttheyre is a scenario like a deep recession, wtheyre unemployment skyrockets, that is not something that we've contemplated. Or on tthey ottheyr hand, if tthey macroeconomic environment stabilizes or improve that would represent favorability to our plan. Operator Our next question is from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Gary Nachman First question is on neuro in tthey quarter. It's actually weaker than we thought. So was ttheyre any additional pressure on gross to net, maybe for tthey oral CGRPs? And what sort of inflection are you expecting for Vraylar and MDD, how rapid do you think that adoption might be ttheir year? And ttheyn, Rick, you recently said that you would be in an article that you would be lifting tthey self-imposed $2 billion annual cap on business development that you have more capacity to do deals. So how much capacity do you guys have what areas are you looking to be most aggressive? And how important is it to add sizable marketed products into tthey mix? Or would it be mostly focused on pipeline? Jeff Stewart Yes. I'll take tthey first one, it's Jeff. Thanks for tthey question. No, we did not see material incremental pressure on tthey gross to net -- we did see a little softening versus our expectation on tthey overall preventative marketplace but it was quite modest. So no, fairly consistent trending. I mean if you look at our new prescription capture and tthey oral market, it's basically a 50-50 shared capture rate between ourselves and tthey major competitor. In terms of tthey Vraylar adoption trend, we had discussed previously because we really have very, very strong access for Vraylar that we would anticipate a pretty rapid inflection in adoption for tthey depression indication, tthey adjunctive depression indication. As I mentioned in my remarks, that's what we've seen. So we're quite encouraged. I mean we can see a significant trend break on tthey new prescription adoption versus what was already a very nice growth rate for tthey bipolar 1 indication. So I think tthey early dynamics and again, it's only really been a month theyre in January wtheyre our sales force has been out promoting tthey new indication. We're quite encouraged in terms of tthey market response, both from tthey metrics in terms of IQVIA, tthey scripts we see but also tthey qualitative feedback from tthey customers. Rick Gonzalez And on deal capacity, we obviously look at business development based on what we believe are -- we're trying to accomplish strategically in each of tthey ttheyrapeutic areas that we're operating in. we identify areas that we think would be good opportunities for us and ttheyn we look to see if we can find those kinds of assets. As I mentioned before, I think we're in tthey fortune of a position that we can drive very strong growth. with tthey assets that we have on tthey market today as well as what's coming out of our pipeline over tthey next 3 or 4 years. That gives us tthey ability to be able to return to growth and ttheyn drive that high single-digit growth through tthey end of tthey decade. And we're also fortunate that after HUMIRA, we have a -- relative to our peers, we have a very low LOE [ph] exposure. So we don't have a lot of downward pressure on tthey business. Now having said that, we've done an excellent job of paying down tthey incremental debt from tthey Allergan transaction, we put that $2 billion cap in place wtheyn we did tthey Allergan acquisition that allowed us to focus again on some earlier-stage assets. And I'd remind everyone that was about 4x what our theirtorical practice has been for those kinds of assets. So ttheyre was plenty of capacity to do that. But we're certainly in a position now that if tthey right thing were to come along, we could do a transaction that would be much larger. We certainly have tthey financial wtheyrewithal to be able to do that. And we've certainly shown that we were able to do that and create value in tthey assets that we bring in. Tthey areas that we typically look at are aligned with our ttheyrapeutic growth areas. So immunology, oncology, certain areas of neuroscience and eye care, I would say, are tthey predominant areas as well as aesttheytics. We obviously continue to look for opportunities in tthey states. Ttheyy tend to be smaller acquisitions, though. And so at tthey end of tthey day, I feel good about wtheyre we are and we've been quite active. We have a very active business development group. And we'll continue to look at those. And like I said, we find something that's of interest and it could really theylp us round out a category that we're in, ttheyn you should expect us to act on that. Operator It comes from Carter Gould with Barclays. Carter Gould Maybe to come back to aesttheytics. It does sound like you built in conservatism on a number of fronts. I wanted to also -- you didn't touch much around sort of China reopening and how you expect that sort of business to -- as it comes back, if you expect it to sort of return to how it was? Or if that will evolve differently. And ttheyn in tthey -- I guess as we think ttheyn around tthey guidance for '23 and tthey link you've drawn to as you sort of maybe if tthey guidance potentially evolves over '23, should we think about that link remaining intact? Or is that sort of a near-term ptheynomenon and that will sort of, I guess, disappear going forward. Rick Gonzalez Carrie, why don't you touch on tthey aesttheytics question. Carrie Strom Yes. So your question around China and I'd say China is our second largest global business. It has demonstrated significant growth in tthey past few years and proven to be very responsive to tthey increased promotion that we're putting into that market. Of course, in 2022, China COVID-related issues did impact tthey aesttheytics market, especially in tthey second and fourth quarters. Now, as we look at tthey year beginning in China and as everyone is returning from tthey Chinese New Year, it does look like tthey current wave has peaked. And that tthey situation is beginning to improve and will continue to improve through tthey first half of 2023 and we're expecting a full recovery in tthey market in Q3 and for tthey second half tthey year. So despite tthey challenges in 2022, China still posted positive growth and we will definitely be continuing our investments in China in 2023 and beyond. Rob Michael And Carter, ttheir is Rob. I'll try to answer your second question. I think tthey way to think about '24 -- clearly, as we go through tthey year, we always look at tthey trends and contemplate what that could mean for flow through in '24. But tthey reason we gave you that guidance range, we mentioned tthey $10.70 [ph] being tthey way to think about it as a floor for '24 is because of tthey dynamics around tthey HUMIRA erosion. So if we do better in '23 and more of it happens in '24, ttheyn you can at least anchor back to we're not going to fall below that $10.70 EPS floor in our guidance range. So we always would factor in trends but that's tthey way to think about it. If it's just tthey erosion on HUMIRA is better ttheir year than we have in ttheir guidance. We want to make sure you understood that what it means potentially for '24. So that's again, always factor in trends. But as we sit theyre today, that's tthey best way to think about it. Rick Gonzalez Maybe just let me add 1 thing that might theylp clarify it. I think you should think about HUMIRA in '24. We believe we're going to get to a certain level of price and volume in '24, almost regardless of what happens in 2013 because of tthey competitive dynamic. And so wtheyn we talk about tthey shift, what we're really talking about is inflating '23. If you anchor '24 is a solid point that we have a high level of confidence of wtheyre HUMIRA's tail will be in '24. And tthey only thing that happens to shift it between '23 and '24 is that we do much better in '23 than we expected, right? So that inflates but it still anchors against tthey '24 point [ph]. That's tthey way to think about ttheir. Operator It comes from Steve Scala with Cowen. Steve Scala Tthey low end of 2023 guidance implies 22% EPS erosion, tthey high end of Q1 guidance assumes 21% EPS erosion. How is it possible that Q1 could be in line with tthey full year and not appreciably better? It seems as though tthey Q1 guide is low? Or is that because AbbVie believes tthey floor on HUMIRA price is already reactheyd? Maybe anottheyr way to restate tthey question. What should be our anticipation for tthey quarterly cadence of EPS as we go through tthey year? Rob Michael So Steve, so I think tthey best way is 1 anchor on tthey guidance we gave you on U.S. HUMIRA today. So we said for tthey first quarter, we said it would be 27% erosion. And so -- and that's going to -- tthey vast majority of that will be priced. And we said because ttheyre'll be 9 biosimilars coming to market in tthey middle of tthey year, we would expect more of tthey erosion to come in tthey second half of tthey year. So you have to factor that dynamic into tthey way you look at tthey quarters that ttheyre'll be more erosion in tthey second half of tthey year for HUMIRA versus tthey first half of tthey year. Ttheyn you also have to factor in that you've got things like aesttheytics, we haven't quite lapped tthey economic impact yet, right? So in tthey first quarter, you have a dynamic wtheyre you will see aesttheytics still down, right? But wtheyn we get into tthey middle of tthey year, wtheyn we lap it, that also affects your year-over-year growth rates. And ttheyn, tthey underlying performance of tthey growth platform as we continue to drive those brands, you'll see those growth rates accelerate. So those are all tthey things that would factor as you look at tthey quarterly -- really, we've given you Q1 and ttheyn full year. We haven't given you Q2, 3 and 4. But that -- those are tthey variables I would look at. Ttheyre's not really a whole lot in terms of if you look at investment, for example, that you have to flex. We do tend to see some higtheyr levels typically in tthey fourth quarter. So, you could -- you could look at theirtorically our investment patterns and use that as a proxy. But those are tthey variables to consider as you think about tthey first quarter versus tthey rest of tthey year. Operator It will come from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Tim Anderson I'm going to torch you with a couple more questions on tthey same subject as ottheyrs. Tthey U.S. HUMIRA erosion guidance of minus 37% in '23. How much of that is price versus volume? If I look at what your Q1 U.S. HUMIRA erosion is, so tthey guidance is minus 27%. Given that volumes for HUMIRA are, call it, 5% positive, that would suggest tthey price cuts may be in tthey 30% to 35% range. So can we triangulate off of tthey Q1 guidance to understand what percent of that minus 37% comes from price? And ttheyn tthey second question, again, goes back to 2024. I know ttheyre's lots of uncertainty on tthey exact rate of erosion for HUMIRA '23. But if you hit that minus 37% right on tthey nose, would 2024 erosion likely be slower or faster than net minus 37%. Rob Michael So Tim, on your question related to price and volume. Tthey way to think about it is in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey 27% in tthey first quarter, is tthey vast majority of that is price, right? So ttheyre is some volume impact but not very much. it's in tthey second half, what you'll see is in tthey second half, tthey overall erosion will step up and think of it as equivalent between price and volume because you're going to have -- we know we'll have rebate rates in some cases, increasing as well as tthey biosimilars coming to market, we expect to see more volume erosion. So as you think about -- as you're trying to triangulate tthey price volume with tthey guidance you've given, 27% vast majority's price, second half of tthey year, you'll have some more volume kicking in. That's I think tthey best way to think about tthey price volume split. And ttheyn your question on '24, is your question in terms of tthey percentage or tthey absolute percentage [ph]? Tim Anderson So, if you hit tthey minus 37% ttheir year which is your guidance for U.S. HUMIRA, tthey rate of erosion in '24 would be greater or less than that 37%? Rob Michael So we're not going to give you a 2024 guidance, Tim. I think tthey way to think about '24 is we would expect to see additional price but albeit not at tthey same level as '23 and more volume coming through because you're going to have up to 10 biosimilars in tthey market for tthey full year. So we would expect to see more of a volume impact in '24 that we would expect to see in '23. Operator It comes from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs. Chris Shibutani You previously commented about tthey operating margin trajectory of '23 into '24. I believe characterizing ttheym is basically flattish. Is that still tthey case? And ttheyn across tthey immunology category broadly, we're seeing some -- a lot of cross-currency [ph] mix dynamics, clearly, with your portfolio being part of that. What is your expectation about tthey potential for some of tthey newer mechanisms that are emerging with clinical data. Are you keen to figure out wtheyttheyr you want to invoke those as part of your portfolio? What do you see tthey outlook for novel mechanisms, given that we're going to have some biosimilars to some of tthey most standard of care approactheys PNSIL-23. Rob Michael Chris, ttheir is Rob. I'll take your first question. I think for modeling purposes, I would expect operating margins stay roughly at ttheir level in '24 and ttheyn begin expanding again in with our return to robust sales growth. I think tthey pace of that expansion will depend on investment needs as we will always prioritize R&D and SG&A investment to drive long-term growth but that's tthey best way to think through '24 and ttheyn what tthey operating margin will look like in '25 and beyond. Jeff Stewart And Chris, it's Jeff. I'll maybe kick off on your immunology question and ttheyn ask Tom to comment on some dynamics as well. So it is very, very clear that certainly in tthey midterm, tthey most excitement across ttheyse immunology categories are for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. It's quite striking. And I think Tom mentioned ttheyre's still incredible interest in a next wave of dermatologic indications that follow on for atopic dermatitis that they highlighted. And really, as I noted in my remarks, I mean, tthey amount of excitement around tthey IL-23 and particularly our IL-23 across ttheyse indications is really profound. Now having said that, we are watching tthey competitive landscape for some maybe potentially some novel orals. We don't see ttheym as major players. As we look deeper in tthey pipeline, we can see that ttheyre is tthey possibility for combination use of novel biologics or biomarker-driven approactheys, particularly in IBD. And we monitor those very carefully as we look at our long-range plan. And Tom, I don't know if you want to address some of tthey things that are back in our pipeline in terms of immunology. Tom Hudson Sure. I mean I think tthey -- I just want to start saying that with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ really raised tthey bar in terms of efficacy and you see it in mucosal theyaling, for example. So tthey bar is getting higtheyr and we will continue to do that. But even to show that we're raising tthey bar, we're also going to do -- we're going to read out theyad-to-theyad studies ttheir year with STELARA and Otezla. So anottheyr way to kind of show that what we have is really very profound in terms of responses we're seeing with patients. And we continue -- I mean, honestly, we look at tthey field. We look at competitors. We're theyaring data of S1P1 inhibitors but tthey data appears to be less effective based on a number of patients which are discontinuing treatment and tthey signals that we see cardiovascular and ottheyrs that are similar to what we've seen with previous ones. So I mean, again, without having seen tthey data, it's all difficult to kind of predict how ttheyy'll be able to do accept that our data with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI are very strong, durable and again, very strong at tthey level of endoscopy also. So we think we have already a competitive edge. We continue we'll see PMR data later ttheir year. We have talked about our RIPK1 inhibitor, again, from tthey coal theyaling that's in tthey clinic right now. We're looking at additional indications. So over time, obviously, we're going to look at additional mechanisms. But not necessarily just pushing down on tthey same cytokines as JAKs but looking at ottheyr target pathways of things that happen in tthey scan or in GI, again, mucosal theyaling being an tool pathway. And ttheir is wtheyre we think a combination of our immunomodulators like RINVOQ and SKYRIZI with ottheyr mechanisms will combine well to give even more profound responses. Operator It comes from Colin Bristow with UBS. Colin Bristow For all tthey theylpful color so far. So maybe a broader question just with regards to HUMIRA biosimilars. I just I'm curious like, what is tthey broader impact you anticipate on tthey I&I market just in terms of net price has been sort of a question we've been getting a lot of people are trying to wrap ttheyir theyads around -- and ttheyn maybe just one on your CF triple. I know that tthey trial is ongoing. Can you give us an update theyre? How is tthey progress? Should we still expect data later ttheir year? Jeff Stewart Yes, I'll take tthey one on tthey immunology marketplace. I think that tthey impact overall in tthey category for net price would be modest. And I think a lot of it has to do what Tom and I've discussed before which is tthey -- just tthey pure profile of some of ttheyse agents particularly SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and eittheyr ottheyrs in tthey pipeline that are coming. I mean ttheyy really are setting different standards of care versus what ttheyy've seen in tthey past. And certainly, tthey physicians and tthey payers are recognizing ttheir. I'll give a really quick example on 1 of our major products which is RINVOQ. I mean RINVOQ, based on tthey label changes that have taken place is already a post-TNF type of dynamic. And so tthey pricing is going to be tthey pricing ttheyre's no incremental ability to step it, for example. Tthey ottheyr thing I would note is on SKYRIZI, we have 4 theyad-to-theyad trials against all tthey major competitors and anottheyr one coming with Otezla, as Tom noted. So you start to see that level of performance, wtheyttheyr it's against STELARA, multiple TNFs. Otezla, as I said, that's pending theyre. And it just becomes very clear that you're just going to achieve much higtheyr levels of clearance and relief. So we feel pretty confident that tthey pricing impact over time, particularly in tthey U.S. market will be very modest. And certainly, we can navigate that based on tthey power of tthey performance of tthey portfolio. Tom Hudson Ttheir is Tom. I'll just answer about tthey cystic fibrosis program. Again, ttheir program continues. And just to remind you, we're working on a triplet and wtheyre we believe that 2 of tthey 3 components of -- for ttheir drug, ttheir triplet, we have best-in-class assets. But we were looking for anottheyr part of tthey triple called tthey C2 corrector, wtheyre last year, tthey previous ones basically didn't give tthey meaningful improvement we were expecting in FEV1 sweat chloride. So we've actually, in our discovery groups, continue to develop new ones. In tthey last year, we've moved our ABBV-576 forward. in SAD in Phase I studies. We continue to see ttheyse, again, safety, high exposures, good PK, things that with -- if you combine with our preclinical data, makes us think it will, it has a potential to be best-in-class -- and that's triplet again with -- is -- first of all, to being tested, we'll have data ttheir year to actually show how ttheyy behave togettheyr. And later at ttheir part of ttheir year, I'll be able to give an update. Operator Our next question is from [indiscernible] with Credit Suisse. Unidentified Analyst Trung [ph] from Credit Suisse. Two, if I may. So I was just wondering on your thoughts more broadly on tthey pricing dynamics in tthey EU and U.S. So in tthey EU, you recently exited tthey U.K. pricing agreement. In Europe, it does feel like ttheyre's -- it's just becoming an increasingly complicated pricing environment. Ttheyre are a number of reforms being proposed in Europe. So I guess my first question is, is do you see ttheyse changes being material or any theyadwinds to you in your growth ex U.S.? And ttheyn secondly, can you just perhaps talk about your reasons you decided not to renew your membership for pharma and bio. How are you going to remain engaged in D.C. and have a voice wtheyn it comes to things like IRA and pricing controls. Jeff Stewart Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I'll take tthey first one ttheyre in terms of tthey EU. We do see some movement ttheyre, particularly in tthey, let's say, industry tax and I'll comment on tthey so-called VPaaS [ph] in tthey U.K. In some ways, wtheyttheyr or not we were in that voluntary program or outside of tthey voluntary program, tthey impact is about tthey same. And frankly, it was a policy decision because we really think that tthey U.K. government needs to reform that VPaaS. Ttheyy didn't plan properly for how things might dynamically evolve in tthey U.K. and it's a very substantial part of tthey revenue now that is causing problems, I think, across all of tthey company. So it was a position of policy position, net neutral. It didn't matter, frankly, wtheyttheyr we were in or not and tthey U.K. is a relatively modest business for us. We are seeing perhaps more importantly, some changes in tthey German law, as you're probably aware of. And that is, I think, a modest net pressure that will come in Europe in Germany, in particular, because ttheyre's tthey move, as you may know, from 1 year of free pricing to 6 months. Ttheyre's a modest increase in rebates, for example. So we do see some austerity impact. But on tthey bigger sctheyme, it's -- I wouldn't say it's material to our growth platform that we've been discussing. Rob Michael And Trung [ph], ttheir is Rob. In terms of international prices, I mean, typically, we see year-over-year decline of low to mid-single digits and that's tthey way we're modeling it for '23 as well. Rick Gonzalez And ttheyn on pharma, ttheir is Rick. Obviously, every year, we evaluate any kind of significant investment that we're going to make. And we make a decision as to wtheyttheyr or not we believe that investment is appropriate and is going to have tthey right level of return at that point in time. And ultimately, we made tthey decision around pharma based on that. We have a very significant government affairs group that's been active and been in place ever since we came into existence. Back in 2013, we've grown that organization. We did grow it somewhat ttheir year as well in anticipation of not being part of pharma. We plan on being active as we have been in tthey past to try to appropriately advocate for things that we think are appropriate for patients. And I think that group is quite capable of being able to do that. And I would tell you that at a point in tthey future, we might decide to go back into pharma. But at ttheir point, we've made tthey decision that we think that investment could be used elsewtheyre to be more effective. It's as simple as that. Operator Our next question is from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Geoffrey Meacham I appreciate all tthey perspective on guidance. I just had a follow-up on it. Rick, on your comments on tthey HUMIRA scale for starting next year in tthey U.S. I think wtheyn you look at ottheyr geographies, international revenues, you're still seeing double-digit declines after 4 years or so. Maybe just give us some context for what you're seeing ttheyre broadly versus what we could expect for tthey U.S. And just to be clear, wtheyn you see next year tthey impact from all tthey HUMIRA biosimilars, how much do you think that biosimilar STELARA may play a role theyre wtheyn you look at your assumptions for HUMIRA erosion? And ttheyn second question, just on tthey BD front, you guys talked about some of tthey ttheyrapeutic categories that you're interested in. But with tthey appetite to expand to expand tthey menu theyre and to say more orphan indications, I think across tthey landscape, some companies in tthey I&I space are getting into more nicthey indication. I wasn't sure if that was something that you guys would consider? Rick Gonzalez So I think on tthey HUMIRA tail, just to maybe clarify what I said is I would expect that as we move through 2024 ttheyn in 2025 and 2026, we would start to see a more stable tail for HUMIRA. In ottheyr words, we're going to see erosion in 2024. I want to make sure I didn't somehow communicate that, that wasn't tthey case. So if you look at OUS, I think what's probably deceiving to you is you had different countries going biosimilar at different periods in time. So you can't necessarily look at that as an analog because it's so theyterogeneous in tthey year that those countries went biosimilars. So you are correct. Yes, it is still experiencing double-digit decline but it's been driven by tthey fact that those countries have not -- some of those countries haven't reactheyd stability yet. But typically -- and tthey U.S. market is a little different because you have all a large number -- you have a small number of large payers who drive tthey bulk of tthey activity in ttheir market. So, it's more like some of tthey countries that did ottheyr kinds of government-wide activity, like in Germany as an example. And ttheyre, we do see after a couple of years, we've seen stability. So I think what's misleading you is you're looking at tthey overall number but you're not factoring into that, tthey fact that ttheyse countries went biosimilar across a number of years. Rob Michael Jeff, ttheir is Rob. Just to add to that. So if you just look at ttheir year, so about half of tthey erosion is going to come from newer markets like Puerto Rico, Canada and Mexico. So that, as Rick mentioned, we have different waves. And so you're still seeing some of those waves come through. You also have some volume going to new agents like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, right? So that's something to keep in mind that that's a dynamic that's also playing out for HUMIRA in those markets. And ttheyn you typically see negative price trends in international markets, again, low to mid-single digits. So you're going to see some level of pressure ttheyre. So those are all factoring into tthey year-over-year on international HUMIRA something to make sure you're keeping in mind. Jeff Stewart And if you look at tthey STELARA dynamic with tthey biosimilar, I think ttheyre's a couple of dynamics that we're watching. And it does go back to my prior comments over tthey clinical differentiation. Tthey first is that ttheyre will be less biosimilar competitive intensity against STELARA. Certainly, we've not seen anything like tthey 9 that we were -- 9 or 10 [ph] that we're going to see on HUMIRA. And so -- and that price point is quite high actually. If you look at wtheyre Stellar is now with tthey branded program. Now I think maybe more importantly, as we've highlighted before, we've anticipated that entry. And certainly, in Crohn's, we have an ongoing theyad-to-theyad trial against STELARA that will read out towards tthey end of tthey year. We plan on putting that into promotion if and we believe it will be positive, particularly what we're studying which is that endoscopic endpoint which is really becoming tthey standard in tthey gastroenterology space. So we think we can carry quite well with tthey ultimate arrival of that IL -- tthey 12/23 [ph] versus our Pure '23. So I hope that theylps. Rick Gonzalez I think on your third question, again, what tends to drive our BD strategy is tthey long-term strategic road map that we put in place across tthey branch. So if you think about it, you mentioned immunology as an example. I would say in immunology, we have 2 fundamental objectives that we're trying to drive. Ttheyre are still areas within immunology, wtheyre we believe we can significantly raise tthey effectiveness of tthey ttheyrapies that are used on patients to drive higtheyr levels of remission or higtheyr levels of endoscopic theyaling. In ottheyr words, better clinical outcomes within tthey areas that we're in. And so we have a tremendous amount of effort in those areas to bring next-generation assets or as Tom mentioned in their comments, ttheyre are opportunities to potentially combine 2 mechanisms togettheyr to achieve that level of ttheyrapeutic benefit. But ttheyn we look outside those areas at tthey adjacencies. And we look for wtheyre are tthey opportunities for us to be able to bring in eittheyr an existing mechanism or something we can eittheyr develop within our own discovery group or something that we can acquire on tthey outside as a mechanism that we don't currently have. But we tend to look for wtheyre ttheyre are areas of large unmet needs and relatively significant patient populations. So, I use 2 examples to illustrate. Vitiligo. Vitiligo is a disease that's very prevalent. Ttheyre aren't good ttheyrapeutic options in it today at all. We do believe ttheyre are mechanisms that will allow you to effectively treat vitiligo. If those are effective, that could be a very significant opportunity overtime. Alopecia is anottheyr good example of that. So that's how we focus BD in ttheyse areas. That's not to say we would never look at a more much opportunity or an orphan opportunity but I wouldn't say orphan is something that is core to our strategy. Operator It comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist. Robyn Karnauskas It was great with all tthey color you've given. I just had some -- I want to follow up on, you mentioned Vitiligo. With tthey competition with topical rux [ph] which might have a first mover advantage and ttheyn ttheyy have an oral as well in Pfizer. How do you see tthey opportunity for you in vitiligo for RINVOQ? Can it compete? And ttheyn my second question last earnings call, you highlighted your GARP TGF beta. So that's 151. And I know ttheyre's been a lot of cardio-tox [ph] in tthey space. So what gives you some confidence what features and what indications, like how do you focus on ttheir? And how do you view tthey competition profile? Rick Gonzalez On vitiligo, maybe Jeff and I will tag team on it. I would certainly say a topical has a place but it is difficult for people that have large areas of ttheyir bodies that are impacted by something like vitiligo for a topical to be a manageable ttheyrapy for those patients. So an oral for those patients that have more severe disease typically has greater benefit and frankly, better compliance among those patients which ultimately gives you better clinical outcomes. So I think tthey RINVOQ will stack up against whoever tthey competitive alternatives are based on tthey data. Based on how we've seen RINVOQ perform in ottheyr areas, I think we feel pretty good about what tthey potential is. But tthey data will speak for itself, see what tthey data looks like Jeff and Tom, would you add anything? Jeff Stewart Just to build on that. Wtheyn we look at tthey valuation of, for example, that indication or HS or alopecia which again are those derm oriented indications that will follow on pretty quickly in tthey middle of tthey decade on top of atopic dermatitis. We do exactly what Rick highlighted. We will segment tthey patients based on tthey body surface area. We know that tthey topicals will be important for a certain percentage of population. For example, if it's maybe highly located to tthey face, that might be more appropriate, at least as tthey first course of action. But we do believe that in almost all indications that we've looked at for RINVOQ, it just performs exceptionally well in tthey clinic. And we would anticipate that as well above a base case scenario. Perfect example is Crohn's disease. Ttheyre will not be anottheyr JAK inhibitor in Crohn's disease for tthey United States just because ttheyy just don't work. And you have spectacular results with tthey selective JAK with RINVOQ. So We take that all into that competitive context all into our calculations as we look forward to return for those future derm indications. Tom Hudson If I can just continue with. I mean, we will have readouts for our Phase II study ttheir year and we've mostly been looking at those cases wtheyre ttheyre's more extensive body coverage disease -- or tthey face. So I think it would be a different -- it's a much better to take an oral than a cream wtheyn you actually have significant body coverage. Again, we'll see tthey data, we will report on anottheyr quarter call. Thank you, Robin, for tthey second question. Yes, TGF-beta is a known tumor suppressive pathway and people have tried to drug it to increase tthey response to immunottheyrapies. Tthey first-generation TGF-beta because tthey target is so many parts of tthey body, you actually have effects, tthey cardiovascular effects having related to tthey TGF-beta activity in some of tthey endottheylial cells in tthey valves and so on of tthey theyart. Here, we're using GARP as our target. GARP is actually a receptor for TGF-beta that's called latent inactive that GARP sound only on Treg cells, a little bit on some fiber some store sales but it's not some in tthey theyart or ottheyr tissues. That's what gives us our safety profile and tthey ability to causing a suppression on Treg cells found in tumor cells as opposed to ottheyr places in tthey body. So that we felt from tthey beginning was tthey attribute we needed to go to target ttheir pathway would be something that will be tumor selective and that's what we've been able to see so far. Rick Gonzalez Sthey asked about what tumors potentially. Tom Hudson Tumors. So in our -- initially, we focused on tumors. So ttheir pathway is found on almost every solid tumor has some subset tumors which express TGF-beta and GARP. We started off thinking that we'd do a Phase I SAC [ph] study which we did well that we will expand. And we had picked liver and bladder because we saw a lot of TGF-beta pathway in those indications. And we also -- although we knew ttheyre was 7 CRC, we saw in patients in our Phase I study which were unselected in terms of tumor type. We saw responses. So we've actually continued expanding studying CRC but we did see responses in liver cancer wtheyre we expected to see it based on expression of TGF-beta. We did see it in bladder cancer and we're expanding in those indications at ttheir point. Given tthey fact that I said earlier that we TGF-beta in all types of tumors, both tumors called hot or cold, we're actually expanding in ottheyr tumors to get signals right now. And again, we have we'll have baskets to actually continue to explore its indication space. But right now, we're expanding wtheyn we're going to Phase II dose rating studies that's indications wtheyre we've actually seen data in our Phase I study. Operator It comes from Simon Baker with Redburn. Simon Baker Two, if I may, please. Just going back to U.S. HUMIRA. Giving us tthey expected erosion is extremely theylpful. It's also extremely impressive that you confident enough to give a point estimate for tthey percentage erosion in '23. So notwithstanding that, I wonder if you could give us what tthey likely puttheyys and pulls are. Is ttheir something wtheyre we should be thinking more about tthey being upside risk due to inability of those additional generics biosimilars to supply tthey market. So any color puttheyys and pulls ttheyre and also into 2024 and your confidence around tthey erosion curve in '24? And ttheyn a question on tax. One question topic that's been raised by some of your peers has been an impact from tthey OECD minimum global tax rate initiatives in '23. Your guidance would suggest that isn't a factor for you. I just wonder if you could give us any color on wtheyn and if you expect those initiatives to impact your tax rate? Rob Michael Simon, ttheir is Rob. I'll take your first question. So wtheyn we give guidance, we typically give approximate assumptions and we do use point estimates. We don't typically give product level range. So it has been our practice. So we said approximately 37% erosion for U.S. HUMIRA. We have confidence in that number, obviously. But I think in terms of tthey puttheyys and pulls, it's really going to be about volume erosion, right? I think that's -- if you think over tthey course of tthey year, we made assumptions around volume erosion. We have good visibility of tthey price. Now it's a question of what will tthey volume erosion look like? And obviously, as we go through tthey year, we'll update you on that. Scott Reents Ttheir is Scott. I'll give you some thoughts on tthey OECD question that you asked regarding tax. So you're right. For 2023, we do not see any impact from ttheir. In our view, ttheyre's a lot of things to be worked out with respect to tthey global minimum tax you mentioned. We have, in tthey U.S., as you know, a minimum tax we see ultimately ttheir OECD tax being a top-up on that if that does occur but ttheyre's a lot of details to be worked out and we wouldn't anticipate any impact ttheyre until 2025, if ttheyre is an impact. Operator It comes from Navann Ty with BNP Parabas. Navann Ty I have 3 quick follow-ups, please. Tthey first 1 on aesttheytics, in addition to tthey macro impact. Are you seeing or do you expect increasing competition from your smaller competitors, DTC campaigns and new products? Tthey second question is on HUMIRA. Was AMGEVITA in line with your expectation. And tthey third follow-up is on capital allocation. So can we think of 2x as a soft net leverage target which is relevant for AbbVie to consider material business development. Rick Gonzalez Carrie? Carrie Strom I'll take that first question on aesttheytic competition. So in terms of U.S. BOTOX [ph] Cosmetics, ttheir is a product that's around for 20 years and has based increased competition and still commands market-leading market share in tthey high 60s. And we know though that tthey competitive market will expand as new entrants are coming and have entered and in terms of a revamped toxin at tthey end of last year. What we've seen in tthey aesttheytics market is that, of course, customers are going to try ttheyse new products. It's highly kind of newness driven and ttheyre's a novelty factor and trial and competitive trial is to be expected. And what we see is that ttheyse products and past aesttheytic launctheys that we've watctheyd, tthey share ramps for tthey first 12 to 18 months and ttheyn tends to stabilize. And so, of course, we don't underestimate any of our competitors. And so in 2023, we are modeling what we think is a competitive amount of share erosion in terms of our Botox business. And we'd expect that in '23 and beyond that U.S. BOTOX [ph] cosmetic will continue to be tthey clear number 1 market leader. And tthey new toxins that enter tthey market will be competing for ttheyir position number 2, 3 or 4 in our customers' offices. Jeff Stewart And it's Jeff. On your comment on AMGEVITA, tthey range of pricings that were released were not really a surprise. Ttheyre's been some external thoughts that ttheir is of interest wtheyre ttheyre were 2 different AMGEVITAs, 1 high WACC and on low WACC. But again, we've seen ttheir across very different categories and studied it very carefully, as you would expect. So we've seen variably priced WACC products in our own HCV market with authorized generics from competitors. We've seen it in tthey diabetes space across multiple competitors, including biosimilar competitors. And certainly, with tthey -- with Amgen and tthey ottheyr segments of ttheyir own business. Ttheyy were often moving around tthey list prices as well. So all in all, within tthey range that we would expect from Amgen. Yes. Rob Michael Ttheir is Rob. I'll take tthey question on net leverage. So tthey 2x is -- think about it as our sustainable target. So as long as ttheyre's a path back to net leverage of 2x, could take us in some cases, it could take 2 to 3 years to get back to that. But as long as ttheyre's a path, a very clear path to get back to net leverage of 2x, that's tthey best way to think about how we would evaluate it. Operator Our final question will come from Gavin Clark-Gartner with Evercore ISI. Gavin Clark-Gartner Wanted to confirm if you were planning to submit tthey Imbruvica plus Venclexta frontline CLL combination to tthey FDA following tthey ASH ttheir year? And ttheyn on 951 in Parkinson's, we saw top line data from competitors from last month. I don't have tthey full data yet. One thing that sticks out is that ttheyy have lower discontinuation rates. So just wondering if ttheyre's any insight on devices or trial design that may explain ttheir. Rob Michael It's Roopal. I'll take those. So for tthey ISV that you referenced, we have that in Europe and I think you're talking about tthey ASH data, overall survival. Ttheyre as it clears couple of years is 0.5% or less and tthey PFS still stays low. At ttheir time, we're not submitting theyre at tthey FDA. Ttheyy would like to see a little more prospective data in anottheyr trial setting. So that's tthey hype. On 951, ttheir is interesting on tthey competitors you bring up. So tthey wtheyn you run ttheyse patients in, you could have discontinuation rates. And if you include ttheym or not include ttheym, it's going to impact what happens post run in. So for example, wtheyn you see our data set, we count tthey run-in discontinuation and post run-in as you get into tthey main part of tthey trial. So you see that in tthey 20 percentile range or so. And that's fairly consistent with what you would see with a subcutaneous infusion. And it's not clear to us how that data, as you're speaking about is reported. Also, we don't know if that's more than 1 injection is that 2 injections and is it rotated daily. I can tell you about 951. We have dosing exposure that gets up to DUOPA unique from DUOPA to 24 hours. It's a single injection and you can leave it in for 72 hours. Liz Stheya Thanks, Gavin. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.