AbbVie Inc.'s (NYSE:ABBV) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 3, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Vice President of Investor Relations Richard Gonzalez - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael Severino - Vice Chairman & President Robert Michael - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Stewart - Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations Conference Call Participants Geoffrey Porges - SVB Leerink Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Randall Stanicky - RBC Capital Markets Chris Schott - JPMorgan Peter Matheyr - Wolfe Research Steve Scala - Cowen Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Naveen Jacob - UBS Chris Raymond - Piper Sandler Gregg Gilbert - Truist Luisa Hector - Berenberg Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President of Investor Relations. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; and Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on AbbVie's operations and financial results that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our 2019 Douglasual Report on Form 10-K and in our ottheyr SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full year -- full current year and theirtorical results for Allergan. For ttheir comparison of underlying performance, all theirtorically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition accounting policies and exclude tthey divestitures of Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth furttheyr excludes tthey impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 performance as well as our expectations for 2021. Mike will ttheyn provide an update on recent advancements across our pipeline, and Rob will discuss tthey quarter and our 2021 guidance in more detail. Following our remarks, we'll take your questions. We delivered anottheyr strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.92, exceeding tthey midpoint of our guidance by $0.08. Fourth quarter total net revenues were up nearly 7% on a comparable operational basis. Ttheir performance was driven by robust double-digit sales growth from our immunology, theym/onc and neuroscience franctheires, as well as 9% comparable operational sales growth of Botox Cosmetic, which is demonstrating a rapid recovery. Our fourth quarter performance topped off anottheyr excellent and truly transformational year for AbbVie, which included tthey successful acquisition and integration of Allergan, creating a stronger and much more diverse AbbVie with leadership across numerous attractive high-growth markets. Significant contributions from our two new best in category immunology medicines, RINVOQ and SKYRIZI , which combined for more than $2.3 billion in 2020 sales, ttheyir first full year on tthey market. We expect tthey combined contribution from RINVOQ and SKYRIZI to nearly double in 2021 to approximately $4.6 billion based on ttheyir continued strong uptake in RA and psoriasis as well as RINVOQ’s anticipated approvals in PSA, ankylosing spondylitis and atopic dermatitis later ttheir year. We delivered continued robust growth from our leading theym/onc portfolio, with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA contributing more than $6.6 billion in combined 2020 sales. We expect our theym/onc franctheire to grow double digits again in 2021. We also added two compelling oncology pipeline assets, Epcoritamab, a potential best-in-class CD3xCD20 bispecific antibody in development for B-cell malignancies and lemzoparlimab, an anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody being studied in multiple cancers. Ttheyse two assets will furttheyr support tthey growth of our theym/onc franctheire across our long-range plan. Tthey acquisition of Allergan brought us a substantial neuroscience portfolio with compelling ttheyrapies for migraine and psychiatric conditions augmenting our already existing neuro franctheire. Tthey newly combined neuroscience franctheire delivered nearly $4.9 billion in comparable 2020 revenue and is expected to grow double digits in 2021. We also added tthey leading global Aesttheytics franctheire, a largely cash pay portfolio with roughly $3.5 billion in comparable 2020 revenues. As I previously noted, ttheir portfolio has demonstrated a rapid V-shape recovery and we view Aesttheytics as an extremely attractive long-term growth opportunity. And importantly, we made excellent progress in 2020 with our pipeline. We expect our R&D pipeline advancements to lead to tthey approval of more than a dozen new products or indications over tthey next two years, including a total of six additional indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which will cover all of Humira's major indications plus new significant disease areas, including atopic dermatitis, expanded indications for VENCLEXTA and Vraylar and several new product approvals, including Atogepant for episodic migraine, Navitoclax for myelofibrosis and ABBV-951, a potentially transformative next-generation ttheyrapy for advanced Parkinson's disease. Ttheyse new opportunities will collectively add meaningful revenue growth in advance of tthey U.S. Humira LOE. We've entered 2021 in a strong position, which is reflected in our revenue and earnings per share guidance. Based on tthey recent outperformance of our business, we expect full-year 2021 comparable operational sales growth of approximately 9.4% with total AbbVie sales expected to be approximately $1.7 billion above current consensus, and we anticipate 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $12.32 to $12.52, representing growth of 17.6% at tthey midpoint. Ttheir level of guidance represents impressive performance with nearly all aspects of our business expected to perform at or above current consensus for 2021. Tthey Allergan integration continues to go very well. Tthey transition has been seamless despite tthey size of tthey transaction and tthey timing of tthey COVID pandemic. While we're making excellent progress against our expense synergies, which Rob will cover in more detail theyre momentarily, it remains increasingly clear to us that ttheyre are significant opportunities for long-term revenue contributions across numerous Allergan growth platforms. As we recently disclosed, we believe UBRELVY , tthey first-to-market in leading oral CGRP for acute migraine, represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. Atogepant, a potential once-daily oral treatment for tthey prevention of episodic and chronic migraine also represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. We expect Vraylar's peak sales to approach $4 billion within its currently approved indications of schizophrenia, bipolar I disorder and bipolar depression with major depressive disorder or MDD, representing a potentially significant incremental growth opportunity. Aesttheytics, which is poised to regain its growth trajectory ttheir year is expected to generate high single-digit revenue growth over tthey next decade. We continue to closely monitor tthey COVID dynamics, which will have an impact on our business again in 2021, predominantly in tthey first half of tthey year, but significantly moderated from tthey 2020 impact. And despite tthey recent COVID resurgence within select geographies, we feel tthey global theyalthcare system is much better equipped with COVID treatment protocols in PPE to safely see and treat patients throughout tthey current year. That said, some ttheyrapeutic areas continue to be more impacted than ottheyrs, like CLL, HCV, certain hospital-based procedures, among ottheyrs, which we have contemplated in our 2021 guidance. Overall, we've been pleased with tthey rate of recovery across our business, a testament to our differentiated product profiles and our commercial execution. So in summary, we've assembled an impressive set of growth assets and tthey outlook for AbbVie's business remains strong. With RINVOQ and SKYRIZI expected to contribute more than $15 billion in risk-adjusted sales by 2025 and our expectations for continued robust growth across theym/onc, neuroscience, and aesttheytics, we have a high degree of confidence that we will be able to successfully absorb tthey Humira LOE impact in 2023, support an immediate return to total sales growth in 2024 and produce compelling high single-digit compounded annual total sales growth in 2025 through tthey remainder of tthey decade with tthey diversified portfolio and pipeline that we have today. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike? Michael Severino Thank you, Rick. We've clearly made significant progress with our pipeline over tthey past few years, particularly our late-stage programs in theymatologic oncology with IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA, and in immunology with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI. Since inception, our R&D organization has delivered an impressive set of new products, which collectively contributed approximately $11 billion in revenue in 2020. We also continue to see significant evolution of our early and mid-stage clinical programs with many assets expected to transition to late-stage registrational studies over tthey next several years. We will continue to replenish our late-stage pipeline with innovative assets that have tthey potential to drive additional growth for AbbVie in tthey second half of tthey decade. At our recent immunology investor event in December, we provided a detailed overview of our immunology programs, highlighting tthey robust data generated to-date for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI across approved and pipeline indications. Included in ttheir event, we presented positive topline data from two new Phase 3 studies for RINVOQ . Results from tthey first induction study in ulcerative colitis and results from tthey theyad-to-theyad study versus dupilumab in atopic dermatitis. We expect to see results from tthey second Phase 3 UC induction study later ttheir quarter, and from tthey UC maintenance study in tthey middle of ttheir year with regulatory submissions anticipated in tthey second half of 2021. Our regulatory applications for RINVOQ in atopic dermatitis are currently under review and we expect an approval decision in tthey US in tthey second quarter based on priority review and in Europe in tthey second half of tthey year. We recently received European Commission approval for RINVOQ in psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis and expect approval decisions for those indications in tthey US in tthey first half of ttheir year. I want to take a moment to address tthey topic of safety, specifically MACE and malignancies following tthey results from tofacitinib's post-marketing safety study. At present, ttheyre are no data to suggest tthey safety outcomes from ttheyir study applied to a specific JAK1 inhibitor such as RINVOQ. We are not aware of any signal for an elevated risk of MACE or malignancies with tthey RINVOQ or any JAK inhibitor ottheyr than Xeljanz. We conducted a pooled database analysis across our clinical trials for DVT, MACE and malignancies at tthey time of RINVOQ’s regulatory submission and have updated it periodically including up to tthey present. Rates with RINVOQ have not been elevated relative to competitors or to expected baseline rates. Importantly, ttheyre has been no increase or meaningful change in those rates over time. Additionally, we adjudicate events for MACE and DVT, which is considered tthey higtheyst standard of evidence. If we look across our long-term database in RA, a population that is at increased risk for MACE events, our rates remain low. At tthey approved dose in RA, we have followed more than 3,700 treated patients totaling more than 9,000 patient-years' experience. Our rate of MACE events is 0.4 per 100 patient-years, which compares favorably to tthey expected rate of 1.0 to 1.7 events for 100 patient-years. In addition, ttheyre is no evidence of a dose-response between tthey 15 and 30-milligram doses. Similarly, tthey rate of malignancy, excluding non-melanoma skin cancer with similar follow-up is 0.8 events per100 patient-years. Ttheir rate is also consistent with tthey expected range of rates of 0.86 to 0.94 per 100 patient-years. And again, we see no evidence of a dose-response between 15 and 30-milligrams. Moving now to SKYRIZI; we also recently reported top-line results from tthey Phase 3 programs for SKYRIZI in Crohn's disease and psoriatic arthritis. In tthey two Crohn's induction studies, SKYRIZI demonstrated significant improvements in clinical remission and endoscopic endpoints compared to placebo with symptom improvement seen as early as week four. Based on tthey data generated to date, we believe SKYRIZI has tthey potential to become an important new treatment option for patients with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. We expect to see results from tthey maintenance study in Crohn's disease later ttheir year with regulatory submissions anticipated in tthey second half of 2021. We're also very pleased with SKYRIZI’s results in tthey Phase 3 studies in psoriatic arthritis, wtheyre we saw significant improvements in disease activity across both skin and joint endpoints compared to placebo. We believe that tthey activity we have seen on joint disease and tthey impressive skin clearance that is a hallmark of tthey SKYRIZI program make it a compelling offering for patients with mixed joint and skin involvement. We plan to submit our regulatory applications for SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis in tthey first half of ttheir year. We're making good progress with our early and mid-stage immunology programs as well wtheyre we expect several data readouts and phase transitions in 2021. We expect to begin three new studies for ABBV-154, our TNF steroid conjugate including a Phase 2b dose-ranging study in RA as well as Phase 2 studies in Crohn's disease and polymyalgia rtheyumatica. And we'll see proof-of-concept data in tthey second quarter for ravagalimab, our CD40 antagonist in Phase 2 for ulcerative colitis, and for ABBV-157, our oral ROR-gamma T inhibitor in Phase 1 for psoriasis. Both of ttheyse programs experienced slight COVID-related delays with results now expected for both in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. In oncology, we continue to make significant progress advancing our pipeline with numerous data readouts and regulatory milestones last year. As well as tthey addition of several new assets brought in through our in-licensing efforts, including Genmab's CD3xCD20 epcoritamab and I-Mab's anti-CD47 lemzoparlimab. We showcased new data from several programs at tthey recent ASH meeting wtheyre we presented nearly 40 abstracts from eight different assets. Notable presentations included data from tthey Phase 2 CAPTIVATE trial evaluating IMBRUVICA plus VENCLEXTA in frontline CLL, which showed patients who achieved undetectable MRD following ttheir combination maintain ttheyir deep remission at tthey one-year mark after stopping ttheyrapy with a 95% rate of disease free survival. We also presented new five-year data from VENCLEXTA’s Murano trial demonstrating tthey benefits of fixed duration VENCLEXTA combinations and theylping patients achieve sustained progression-free survival. Tthey latest results from Murano in tthey relapsed refractory CLL setting showed a median progression-free survival of 54 months in tthey VENCLEXTA and rituximab group, compared to 17 months in tthey bendamustine-rituximab group, three or more years after stopping treatment. Updated dose-escalation data from a Phase 1 study evaluating epcoritamab in B-cell malignancies were also presented at ASH. Epcoritamab is a subcutaneously delivered bispecific CD3xCD20 antibody being developed in collaboration with Genmab. In tthey Phase 1 study, epcoritamab demonstrated encouraging single agent anti-tumor activity in theyavily pretreated patients with a consistent and favorable safety profile showing no Grade 3 or higtheyr CRS events as well as limited neurotoxicity. We believe epcoritamab has tthey potential to become a best-in-class ttheyrapy across a number of B-cell malignancies including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma. Tthey Phase 3 trial in relapsed-refractory DLBCL recently began and we will provide updates on epcoritamab as its development program progresses. Initial results were also presented from a Phase 1 study evaluating TNB-383B in relapsed-refractory multiple myeloma. TNB-383B is a novel bispecific T-cell engaging immunottheyrapy targeting BCMA and CD3 being developed in collaboration with TeneoBio. Ttheyse Phase 1 results demonstrated that tthey BCMA/CD3 bispecific provided overall response rates of 80% with a large number of patients achieving a very good partial response or better despite having received multiple prior lines of ttheyrapy. TNB-383B was well tolerated at all doses tested with a few off-target toxicities and no Grade 3 or higtheyr CRS observed. With its safety profile efficacy and tthey convenience of once every three-week dosing, ttheir agent has tthey potential to become a promising treatment option for myeloma patients. And our partner I-Mab publittheyyd an abstract with initial results from a Phase 1 study evaluating lemzoparlimab in AML and MDS. Ttheyse results demonstrated encouraging activity in relapsed-refractory AML patients and lemzoparlimab was well tolerated with no serious theymatological adverse events reported today. Based on ttheyse promising initial results, we plan to begin new studies ttheir year for lemzoparlimab in AML, MDS and in multiple myeloma. We also recently saw data from an interim analysis of a Phase 2 study evaluating Teliso-V in theyavily pretreated non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer patients. Tthey encouraging results from Stage 1 of ttheir study met tthey criteria for advancing tthey program. With Teliso-V demonstrating a 54% objective response rate in patients with wild-type EGFR with highly expressed c-MET. In EGFR wild-type patients with over-expressed c-MET, which includes both high and intermediate expression, tthey objective response rate was 35%. Based on ttheyse results, we believe that ttheyre is an important role for Teliso-V in ttheir target population, which represents roughly 25% of tthey non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer population. We will be opening tthey second stage of tthey study and are planning discussions with regulators regarding tthey potential of ttheir study to support an accelerated filing. We expect 2021 to be anottheyr important year for our oncology pipeline with several regulatory submissions as well as data readouts across all stages of development. Ttheir year, we expect to see data for IMBRUVICA in tthey Phase 3 SHINE study in frontline MCL with regulatory submissions expected in tthey second half of tthey year. Data for IMBRUVICA in combination with VENCLEXTA in second line or greater MCL and frontline CLL with regulatory submission for frontline CLL expected in tthey second half of tthey year. We also expect to see data from registration enabling studies for VENCLEXTA in high-risk MDS and navitoclax in relapsed-refractory myelofibrosis. And we expect to see data from numerous programs in our early-stage oncology pipeline. In addition, tthey programs under collaboration with Calico are also progressing well. Our partnered effort is comprised of a strong pipeline of novel targets, which includes more than 20 active programs in discovery or preclinical development. Importantly, we currently have programs, which have advanced into clinical development in two areas immuno-oncology and neurodegeneration. Tthey lead Calico program in oncology is focused on PTPN2 inhibitors, which act at multiple steps in tthey cancer immunity cycle and have potential applicability in a broad variety of tumor types. Tthey discovery of novel orally bio-available PTPN2 inhibitors represents a significant breakthrough and a target class that has theirtorically been considered un-druggable. We currently have two assets in Phase 1 development ABBV-CLS-579 and 484. We've seen evidence of immune activation in tthey clinic with ttheir pathway and we expect to see proof-of-concept data from ttheir program in 2022. Tthey lead Calico program in neuroscience is an eIF2B activator, which targets a key regulator of tthey highly conserved integrated stress response pathway. Inhibition of ttheir pathway has tthey potential to prevent pathology and restore function in a number of neurodegenerative diseases such as ALS and Parkinson's disease as well as in traumatic brain injury. Our lead eIF2B activator ABBV-CLS-7262 is currently progressing through Phase 1 and we plan to begin a study later ttheir year in patients with ALS. In ottheyr neuroscience updates, last year, we completed our registrational program for atogepant in episodic migraine prevention and we recently submitted our regulatory application to tthey FDA. We expect an approval decision by tthey end of tthey third quarter. Tthey data generated in our Phase 3 programs support a strong benefit-risk profile and we believe that atogepant has tthey potential to offer meaningful benefits to patients as a safe, effective, oral treatment option for tthey prevention of episodic migraine. In 2021, we expect to see data from several late-stage neuroscience assets, including results from two Phase 3 studies for Vraylar in major depressive disorder and results from tthey pivotal program for ABBV-951 in advanced Parkinson's disease with regulatory submissions for 951 expected in tthey second half of tthey year. We also expect to see proof-of-concept data for Elezanumab in a Phase 2 study in multiple sclerosis and ABBV-8E12, our lead anti-tau antibody in a Phase 2 study in Alztheyimer's disease. In addition to 8E12, we have a number of promising approactheys in Alztheyimer's, including our neuroinflammation programs aimed at TREM2 and CD33, currently in clinical development, as well as ottheyr tau approactheys in preclinical development. Ttheyse include tau antibodies with different epitope specificity as well as approactheys to clear intracellular tau. In Aesttheytics, we continue to make excellent progress with our portfolio of facial toxins and dermal fillers with several regulatory submissions, data readouts and pivotal study starts expected ttheir year. Our programs include new indications for Botox as well as innovative toxins such as new liquid formulations and both tthey long and short-acting toxins. We also have programs to develop new indications for tthey Juvederm Collection as well as novel dermal fillers such as HArmonyCa, which will be entering registration enabling studies in tthey U.S. And in eye care, based on tthey positive results from tthey Phase 3 studies evaluating our topical eye drop AGN-190584 for tthey treatment of symptoms associated with presbyopia. We plan to submit our regulatory application later ttheir month and expect an approval decision in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. So in summary, our R&D productivity remained high last year despite multiple COVID-related challenges and we were able to maintain steady continuity and minimize delays. We're entering 2021 well-positioned for continued success and we expect significant program advancement across all stages of our pipeline, again ttheir year. Ttheir includes five new asset or major indication approvals, half a dozen regulatory submissions, more than 10 pivotal study readouts, and more than 15 data readouts from early and mid-stage programs. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our fourth quarter performance and our 2021 guidance. Rob? Robert Michael Thank you, Mike. Starting with fourth quarter results, we once again delivered strong top and bottom-line performance. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.92 above our guidance midpoint by $0.08. Total net revenues were approximately $13.9 billion, up 6.8% on a comparable operational basis and atheyad of our expectations. Immunology global sales were approximately $6 billion, up 14.8% on an operational basis. Within immunology, Humira sales were approximately $5.2 billion, up 4.4% on an operational basis with continued high single-digit growth in tthey US offset by biosimilar competition across international markets. SKYRIZI sales were $525 million and RINVOQ sales were $281 million with both products demonstrating strong sequential growth above expectations. Hematologic Oncology delivered anottheyr strong quarter with revenue of approximately $1.8 billion, up 15.5% on an operational basis with solid growth from IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA. Aesttheytic sales were more than $1.1 billion with Botox Cosmetic and Juvederm both experiencing a rapid recovery from tthey COVID pandemic. Neuroscience revenues were nearly $1.4 billion, up 14.9% on a comparable operational basis, led by Vraylar and our migraine portfolio. We also saw a significant contribution from eye care, which had sales of more than $900 million. Turning now to tthey P&L profile for tthey fourth quarter. Adjusted gross margin was 81.8% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 12.6% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 22.3% of sales. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 46.9% of sales, an improvement of 230 basis points versus tthey prior year. Net interest expense was $618 million and tthey adjusted tax rate was 11.6%. As we look atheyad to 2021, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is between $12.32 and $12.52, reflecting growth of 17.6% at tthey midpoint. Excluded from ttheir guidance is $5.63 of known intangible amortization and specified items. We expect adjusted net revenue of approximately $55.7 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1% favorable impact on full year comparable sales growth. Ttheir forecast compretheynds tthey following assumptions for our key products and ttheyrapeutic areas. We expect immunology global sales of approximately $25 billion, including US Humira growth of approximately 8%, internationally Humira revenue of approximately $3 billion at current exchange rates, SKYRIZI global sales of approximately $2.9 billion, and RINVOQ global sales of approximately $1.7 billion. We expect theymatologic oncology to grow double-digits with IMBRUVICA global revenue of approximately $5.7 billion and VENCLEXTA global sales of approximately $1.8 billion. For Aesttheytics, we expect global sales of approximately $4.5 billion, including approximately $1.8 billion from Botox Cosmetic and approximately $1.3 billion from Juvederm. For neuroscience, we expect global revenue of approximately $5.7 billion, including Botox Ttheyrapeutic sales of approximately $2.3 billion, Vraylar sales of approximately $1.8 billion, and UBRELVY sales of approximately $400 million. For eye care, we expect global sales of approximately $2.9 billion, including approximately $550 million from RESTASIS, which assumes no generic competition in tthey first half of 2021. For women's theyalth, we expect global revenue of approximately $1.1 billion. For remaining larger products, we expect global sales of approximately $2 billion from Mavyret, $1.2 billion from Creon, $1 billion from Linzess, $800 million from Synthroid, and $750 million from Lupron. Looking at tthey P&L for 2021, we are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin of approximately 83% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.6 billion and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately $11.8 billion. Ttheir guidance includes approximately $1.7 billion in expense synergies from tthey Allergan acquisition. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 50% of sales, which represents an improvement of roughly 200 basis points versus 2020. We expect adjusted net interest expense of approximately $2.4 billion. Our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 12.5% and our share count to be roughly flat to Q4 2020. As we look atheyad to tthey first quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $12.7 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1% favorable impact on comparable sales growth. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 50% of sales. And we model a non-GAAP tax rate of 12.3%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.79 and $2.83, excluding approximately $1.32 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance and outlook continues to support our capital allocation priorities. Our cash balance at tthey end of December was $8.4 billion and we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $21 billion in 2021. Ttheir fully supports a strong and growing dividend, which we have more than tripled since inception, as well as rapid debt repayment wtheyre we expect to pay down $17 billion of combined company debt by tthey end of 2021, including tthey $8.6 billion that was repaid in 2020. We expect to achieve a net debt to EBITDA ratio just below 2.5 times by tthey end of 2021 with furttheyr deleveraging through 2023. We anticipate that our net leverage ratio will be approximately 2 times by tthey end of 2022. Our strong cash flow also allows for continued business development with approximately $2 billion allocated annually to augment our pipeline with tthey most promising external technologies and innovative mid to late-stage assets. In closing, we are very pleased with AbbVie's strong performance in 2020. We've driven top tier growth while also advancing our strategic priorities and we expect to deliver robust performance in 2021 and over tthey long term. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Geoffrey Porges from SVB Leerink. Geoffrey Porges Thank you very much. And as usual, appreciate all tthey detail in tthey guidance, and congratulations on tthey results. A quick question on SKYRIZI and one on RINVOQ. First, one of your competitors had a negative result of a post-marketing study recently. I'm just wondering if you've had any discussions with regulators about conducting any ottheyr studies for RINVOQ or updating tthey label for RINVOQ as a result of that negative signal? And ttheyn, secondly on SKYRIZI, a commercial question. Your current price for tthey 150-milligram dose is about $85,000 and you're using 4x, tthey dose for ulcerative colitis. Could you just tell us how you can manage that? And is it feasible to have sort of different prices despite tthey big difference in dosing? Thanks. Michael Severino Okay, ttheir is Mike. I will take your second question first and ttheyn we can cover tthey SKYRIZI question. With respect to RINVOQ, I assume you're talking about tthey tofacitinib safety study, which top line results fairly recently in tthey last several days and showed in that program that ttheyy were unable to exclude a risk of MACE or malignancy based on tthey criteria that were used to analyze that data sets. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've kept a very, very close eye on our data, both at tthey time of tthey NDA and in an ongoing manner since that time and we've not seen a signal. Our rates have not been elevated with respect to comparator or baseline rates and tthey rates overall remain low. With respect to your specific question about wtheyttheyr we've had discussions with regulators, regulators have not asked us to do long-term safety study in tthey way that Pfizer was asked. So that has not been discussed with regulators and we have not had any contact with regulators around labeling updates up to tthey present time. Geoffrey Porges Great. Michael Severino And with respect to SKYRIZI?... Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. It's Jeff Stewart on tthey commercial question. We have anticipated tthey different markets and how we will approach tthey pricing. Now, it's important that we're just starting to see tthey SKYRIZI data. We saw tthey induction data, we'll see tthey maintenance data. I think it's important that as we look at our strategy that we're honing is for SKYRIZI, you're going to -- for Crohn's, you're going to have an induction dose, which is an IV at a different dose and we know that based on tthey form and some things we can believe we can price that to market. And also, we are coming with a unique approach for tthey maintenance as well depending on wtheyre that dosing falls out. And we would be using at that point, which is known as on-body injector. So tthey combination of tthey forms as well as basically tthey ways that we will deliver tthey medication wtheyn we get ttheyre, we believe that we can price effectively to tthey market and manage it across tthey indications. Richard Gonzalez So ttheir is Rick. So I think tthey bottom line is, we've contemplated that. It's a good question, Geoff, but I think we have a strategy that will allow us to deal with that and impact tthey market in an appropriate way. Liz Stheya Thanks, Geoff. Operator, next question, please. Operator And our next question is from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities. Vamil Divan Hi, great. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions. And maybe two if I could. So I want to appreciate tthey long-term guidance you've given recently on tthey top line. I'm just wondering how we should maybe think about tthey margin progression as we think about tthey Humira LOE in a couple of years? And ttheyn as we sort of get past that and your sales touch ramp up again, if you could maybe give us some sense of wtheyre you think your margins could sort of come back to? And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr one I have is just on Vraylar. Again, appreciate tthey guidance you've given ttheyre. I think one of tthey big events for you guys ttheir year will be tthey Phase 3 data in MDD. I’m just curious kind of what gives you confidence that maybe you can just talk about wtheyttheyr it's around tthey drug or tthey study design, sort of, what gives you confidence or why should we be confident sort of going into that data readout? Thanks. Robert Michael Vamil, ttheir is Rob. I'll take your question on margin progression. I think wtheyn you consider tthey greater than $2 billion expense synergies from Allergan by next year and tthey P&L leverage that will come from tthey sales growth, we also expect for next year, you should expect that our operating margin will continue to expand through 2022. Upon tthey entry of U.S. biosimilars in 2023 and given Humira's profitability, it is reasonable to expect operating margin pull back. We've indicated before tthey 45% range based on our current LRP, I think it'll be a little bit higtheyr than that. But ttheyn we've returned to growth immediately – in 2024, we'll return to revenue growth, a very strong revenue growth starting in 2025, you can expect ttheyn operating margins once again expand. We've had a long theirtory of expanding operating margin by leveraging tthey P&L. And I would expect that to continue as we start to see very strong revenue growth starting in 2025 and beyond. Richard Gonzalez Yes, Vamil, ttheir is Rick. Mike and I'll cover tthey second question on Vraylar. It's important to recognize that what we've communicated in long-term guidance on Vraylar is based on tthey three currently approved indications. So it doesn't count on tthey fact that MDD would be successful. Now having said that, I think we do have -- I'd say, we're cautiously optimistic about tthey MDD indication and I'll let Mike kind of walk through how we look at it and what gives us that level of confidence. But in tthey event, it weren't to play out, that doesn't impact tthey guidance that we gave. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike. I'll pick up from theyre. I think that our optimism and I think that's tthey right way to express it in a disease like MDD, which is a challenging disease to work and is based on a couple of features. One is based on tthey basic pharmacology of Vraylar, which has a unique mix of D3, D2 specificity and ottheyr features that lead clinically to what's been described as a brightening effect, which seems to be beneficial in a number of settings. It's also driven by tthey results that we have from tthey MDD study that is positive that we already have in hand. So with one positive study, we would need only one -- at least one or, of course, both of tthey next two studies to read out positive, eittheyr of those outcomes would support a filing. We've done a deep dive into tthey study design and tthey patient population. We think it's a well-designed study. And we think tthey patient characteristics with respect to baseline factors and ottheyr elements are all very appropriate for ttheir sort of study and we can assess that in a blinded aggregate way in a way that's completely consistent with tthey study rules for tthey conduct of tthey study. And so all of those things make us feel optimistic that it's a molecule with a good chance to work, well-designed study, well-conducted study, and we look forward to seeing tthey results. But as I mentioned, MDD is a challenging area. And for that reason, we didn't build into our deal model and we didn't factor it into our guidance, as Rick said, so we view ttheir as upside. Liz Stheya Thanks, Vamil. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. And our next question is from Randall Stanicky from RBC Capital Markets. Randall Stanicky Great. Back to RINVOQ in atopic derm, how quickly do you guys expect that launch to ramp? And maybe just theylp us with expectations given coinciding JAK competition from abrocitinib , tthey timing to payer ramp and coverage. And ttheyn we sense of a lot of patient warehousing, maybe if you could theylp quantify your thinking around that opportunity within tthey $1.7 billion outlook for tthey year, that would be theylpful? And ttheyn a quick follow-up, Rick. You don't get asked about eye care a lot. It's a $3 billion global franctheire. You have some pipeline behind it. It could be a good growth business, but it's declining. Any appetite to strategically add to that business or reposition it? Or should we view it more as a mature cash flow generator? Thanks. Jeffrey Stewart Yes, hi. It's Jeff Stewart. I'll start off with tthey atopic derm commercial question. We're very encouraged with tthey market that we're about to enter and I'll give you some context ttheyre. So wtheyn we look at tthey population, we see that just on tthey moderate to severe atopic derm patients that tthey market size or tthey potential is at least 2 times and probably closer to 3 times tthey size of tthey psoriasis market. And so ttheir is very, very encouraging in terms of our ability to enter. It's also significantly under-penetrated. I mean if you look at tthey psoriasis market, you're talking about far greater than 10% or 12% penetration and in tthey single-digit, tthey low-single digits, wtheyre we are right now with tthey one biologic dupilumab. So it's very, very attractive. Tthey ottheyr thing that I would say is that we see from our go-to-market approach that we know tthey HCPs very intimately. So about 85% of tthey market is driven by tthey derms, we know tthey derms very well and ttheyre is a 90% -- roughly 90% overlap with tthey big prescribers of dupilumab and drugs like SKYRIZI and our Humira. So we are very, very encouraged at tthey ability for ttheir segment to rapidly expand, despite tthey fact ttheyre will be multiple new entrants coming in. To get to your specific question about tthey access ramp, we have a very strong position, as you know with RINVOQ right now in tthey existing indication of RA. We had greater than 95% commercial access, that's tthey dominant channel for atopic derm and our anticipation is we will have very strong access that we'll build to that level over tthey course of '21. Obviously, it's going to take some time, once we get tthey approval to go through tthey final approvals on tthey big commercial plans and so we see it's starting off slow, but ttheyn building into tthey middle of tthey year and certainly getting to a significant level at tthey end of tthey year. So tthey combination of tthey market, tthey asset itself, which looks very, very strong, as you've seen from tthey data and tthey way that we will play in our derm segment as well as tthey allergy segment give us a lot of confidence for a strong ramp in '21 and beyond. Richard Gonzalez Tthey only thing I would add to Jeff's comments, I mean if you look at RINVOQ did $731 million last year. Obviously, if you look at tthey running rate out of tthey fourth quarter had [ph] strong running rate coming out of tthey fourth quarter but that's a $1 billion worth of growth from '20 to '21. Tthey majority of that growth is going to come from continued performance in RA. I think wtheyre you will see tthey most significant impact from atopic dermatitis will be as we flow into '22, much like as you saw what happened in tthey RA market, it takes time for physicians to start to get adapted. Once ttheyy do, ttheyir momentum picks up. So, I don't remember tthey specific number. I'm not sure we gave that guidance anyway, but I would be thinking about it more than its continued penetration and growth in RA which drive in tthey bulk of that growth. Rob, anything you want to add? Robert Michael Yes, I just -- on your question regarding warehouse patients who have a very modest amount of warehouse patients assumed [ph] in tthey forecast. So we're not count -- tthey $1.7 billion doesn't really count on that. And keep in mind that RINVOQ was of tthey product that was lesser impacted by COVID and so ttheyre's not really significant how warehousing in that forecast. Richard Gonzalez And ttheyn, Randall, on your second question; I would say we absolutely agree with your point of view. I think eye care is a very attractive market. Tthey kinds of markets that I think we look for and that we are tthey very best at is wtheyre ttheyre are specialized physicians who really drive tthey use of medications based on tthey clinical data and being able to restate markets and improve standard-of-care in those markets, and certainly, eye-care, I think it fits that description. And so we would have a strong appetite to look for opportunities and we are looking for opportunities now that we could add to that eye care business to be able to drive growth. Obviously, RESTASIS, as Rob indicated in their formal remarks, we've built in a half a year that's still an unknown of wtheyn that product will go generic or if it will go generic. But I think even aside from that regardless of what happens with RESTASIS longer-term, ttheir is an area that we would have interest in and if we could find tthey right kind of assets to add to it, we would enthusiastically do that. Liz Stheya Thanks, Randall. Operator, next question, please. Operator And our next question is from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Chris Schott Great. Thanks so much for tthey questions. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on Aesttheytics and maybe some of tthey learnings you've had in that franctheire since you've acquired it? Have ttheyre been changes in tthey way you think about approaching tthey business commercially in your levels of investment? I'm just trying to get my hands around that high single-digit growth over time does seem theyalthier than tthey street have been anticipating. I'm just trying to get a little bit more color of what you're seeing in tthey market that gives you confidence in that. And ttheyn, my second question was just on IMBRUVICA, tthey growth has slowed theyre a bit. Can you just elaborate a bit more and how much of ttheir is -- is ttheyre any COVID related dynamics playing out theyre? How much of ttheir is competitive? I'm just trying to [ph] sense of just how you're seeing that tthey theyalth of that franctheire over time? Thanks so much. Richard Gonzalez Yes, Chris, ttheir is Rick. So I'll cover tthey Aesttheytics question for you. I'd say as we've studied tthey Aesttheytics market and had an opportunity to be able to operate tthey business now for some time, I think we're even more enthusiastic about tthey long-term ability to be able to grow ttheir market. I would say some of tthey areas that were a bit of a surprise to us is tthey responsiveness of ttheir market to patient activation, and I would say that tthey strategy that we've put in place is one wtheyre we are funding tthey business on a very -- on a continuous basis at a high level to achieve tthey level of activation that we're looking for and we think that will, certainly, you can see, tthey response I guess an example in Botox already, we are seeing a very aggressive response in being able to grow tthey market, you saw tthey Botox grew -- Botox Cosmetic grew in tthey fourth quarter to 9%. I would expect that we can continue to drive that level of growth. And as part of legacy Allergan, I think it was much more episodic in tthey way ttheir was funded quarter-to-quarter wtheyre we basically built a funding plan that will allow ttheym to continue to drive activation over a longer term [ph]. I'd say tthey second thing that's it's of interest to us is, I think ttheir is a market wtheyre you can drive significant innovation. If you fund that innovation in a way, again on a more continuous basis and advance those programs more aggressively, and have a well thought out strategic roadmap as to wtheyre you're trying to drive some of ttheyse markets. As Mike mentioned in their comments, our goal is to basically try to advance tthey level of performance of tthey toxin market significantly over time. And tthey same with tthey filler market. Ttheyre are certainly things that we can do to expand tthey areas that you could use fillers, both within tthey US and globally and that's a significant opportunity. But long term, we think ttheyre is an opportunity to take some of tthey biologic expertise that we have theyre at AbbVie and create more biologically active fillers, and not only do physical filling but also improve collagen, improve elastin, and ottheyr kinds of characteristics that will improve skin quality. And we think that will be -- if we're successful, we think that will be a significant opportunity to drive long-term growth. And ttheyn, tthey last thing I'd say is tthey geographic footprint that AbbVie has. We obviously have a very broad geographic footprint and tthey structure that we've set up is ttheir totally integrated global unit that we're operating tthey Aesttheytics business really gives ttheym tthey freedom to go out and expand or more aggressively fund areas around tthey globe that ttheyy think ttheyre is a significant opportunity. A good case in point is I believe it was in tthey fourth quarter, we funded a significant expansion in China to be able to increase tthey sales force ttheyre to be able to drive it more deeply into a broader set of tthey cities in China to tthey next level down and we are already seeing tthey benefits of that, China is already back to growing much like it did pre-COVID. So I think ttheyre's a lot of attractive attributes about that. On IMBRUVICA maybe Jeff and I will tag team on that one. What we're clearly seeing is tthey COVID is having an impact on patient starts in CLL. We're not only seeing it IMBRUVICA, but we're seeing in VENCLEXTA as well. And ttheyn somewhat logical wtheyn you think about ttheyse oncology practices of trying to reduce density and CLL is a disease wtheyre you can, in many patients' cases, you can delay ttheyrapy for some period of time. I would say that's tthey vast majority of it. Wtheyn we look at -- wtheyn I look at tthey overall share. And tthey reason why I'm talking about tthey overall share is VENCLEXTA is now gaining a significant level of momentum in ttheir market as well. Wtheyn I look at our overall shares in first line, second line or third line, we continue to have tthey dominant share position. And I'd say probably, partially due to your question, if I look at Calico [ph] I'd say it's performing at tthey expectation we have. I think tthey first line share is about 12%, slightly higtheyr in second line maybe 14%, and I don't recall tthey third line share... Jeffrey Stewart Very similar, yes. Richard Gonzalez So I'd say that's within tthey range or we saw with MCL, it's within tthey range of what we had modeled. So it's not really a competitive issue that we're dealing with. It's more a function of getting those patients starts back up to tthey level ttheyy were before. Anything, you want to add, Jeff? Jeffrey Stewart No, I think Rick, that's exactly right. Tthey only thing I would say in terms of our forecast, we think that in tthey first part of tthey year, tthey early part of tthey year, we continue to see some suppression in tthey new patient starts. But as we hit tthey second and third quarter, we anticipate that tthey market will recover. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator, next question, please. Operator And our next question is from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research. Peter Matheyr Hi. Can you theyar me? Ttheir is Peter Matheyr on for Tim Anderson. What does your long-term guidance assume for potential austerity measures in tthey ex-U.S. countries in 2021 and beyond, similar to what we saw in tthey post-2008 time period except ttheir time around, it would be tthey fall from tthey COVID impact? Richard Gonzalez Hey, Peter. Ttheir is Rick. I think ttheir is something we've got experience with, if you think about tthey economic crisis, I thought we saw a similar kind of uptick in price erosion outside tthey United States and in particular, I'd say in tthey European Union, we have factored in a reasonable assumption into our guidance for 2021, I feel good about that. I think it is reflective of what we're likely to see. So I think we're covered from that perspective. Anything you want to add Rob? Robert Michael No, that covered it. Liz Stheya Thanks, Peter. Operator, next question, please. Operator And our next question is from Steve Scala from Cowen. Steve Scala Thank you. Two questions. AbbVie delivered one of tthey first completely clean and compelling quarters in pharma ttheir cycle, and I have to believe, has something in reserve for upside as tthey year unfolds. I'm sure you monitor tthey competition, so beyond tthey AbbVie management team itself, what about your business do you think is allowing you to execute in ttheir way? Would you attribute it to -- mainly to tthey products ttheymselves, tthey payer strategies, geographic mix, or is ttheyre something else? And tthey second question is tthey ongoing Vraylar Phase 3 trials utilize doses up to 3-milligrams while tthey successful prior trials were up to 4.5-milligrams, so why were tthey doses lowered in tthey first place? And what placebo response mitigation methods are included in tthey ongoing trials? Thank you. Richard Gonzalez Okay. Steve, ttheir is Rick, I'll cover tthey first one, and Mike can cover tthey second one. I would say, first and foremost, we are a very disciplined organization in how we approach execution in tthey marketplace. We tend to probably, in [ph] some extent, obsessively plan and ttheyn go out and try to execute against that plan and I think in times of difficulties that kind of discipline tends to demonstrate itself and that's wtheyn you see tthey biggest differences. So that's not say [ph] ottheyr people don't do it like that. I'm not that familiar with how ottheyrs operate, but I know how we operate and I know how we contingency plan and we look at. Okay, if that doesn't work, what are we going to do and we do that atheyad of time, if that doesn't work, what are we going to do. And I think that kind of contingency planning and focus on execution is theylpful. I'd say tthey second thing is, if I look at our business, we put a strategy in place and I feel very good about how tthey business is performing overall. I mean I would say tthey business is firing on all cylinders. And you can look at our fourth quarter performance, to your point, and I think it demonstrates that and you can look at our guidance and it demonstrates that almost every single product area is performing at or above, most of ttheym above what consensus was and ttheyn I think it's anottheyr indicator for you and we have a much more diverse business now. We have four major growth platforms that are theylping us drive that level of growth. Our new product launctheys are doing extremely well. Obviously, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are, but I'd also say UBRELVY and Vraylar are performing extremely well and tthey pipeline, I would say one of tthey things gives me tthey most confidence is wtheyn I look at tthey pipeline behind that. It's designed to be able to drive our long-term growth because one of tthey things that we focus on is how we're going to make sure that we continue to drive ttheir business to perform at tthey level its performing over tthey long term. And so if I look at tthey SKYRIZI and RINVOQ R&D execution around tthey follow-on indications, it's been nothing less than spectacular both from a timing standpoint and tthey kind of data that we have been able to produce. Wtheyn I look at our theym/onc strategy, we've had a very disciplined strategy ttheyre ensuring that we have enough assets to continue to grow. What has become a very large franctheire for us. Our franctheire is $6.6 billion as we said, we're going to grow in double digits. Over tthey long term, what's going to allow us to do that? Well obviously IMBRUVICA is going to continue to drive share, VENCLEXTA is going to continue to drive share in CLL but VENCLEXTA has indication expansions in tthey area of potential, in tthey areas of T1114 and a broader AML population and several ottheyr areas. Ttheyn I look at Navitoclax. We should get that product approved and give us an opportunity in myelofibrosis and ttheyn you look at Genmab and you look at our CD47, those will all allow us to ensure that we can sustain that growth profile over tthey long term. In neuroscience, same thing, atogepant will allow us to expand into tthey broader migraine population. So I feel very good about what we put in place and our ability to execute against that. So I think ttheyre is not one silver bullet that I can point to. I think it's all of those things, certainly, our ability in market access has theylped a lot in tthey US. I think we're very good at that, but you have to have tthey right kinds of assets in order to execute that. You have to have assets that are differentiative like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. So it's tthey combination of all of that gives you ttheir performance and gives you tthey long-term sustainable ability to deliver that kind of performance and I feel awfully good about wtheyre we are. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike. I'll take tthey Vraylar question. I believe you're talking about tthey ongoing MDD studies and what I would say ttheyre is that tthey dose selection was based on everything we know about dose-response, not only from tthey prior MDD studies but across tthey program and we've done a deep dive into that and we're confident that we're at a dose that ought to have optimal effect in ttheyse indications -- in ttheir indication. With respect to your question about placebo response rate, managing or controlling tthey placebo response is extremely important in all studies, but particularly in depression studies and ottheyr studies in psychiatry. And I would say that ttheyre are many different approactheys that are taken that are complementary to each ottheyr. Tthey first and most important is appropriate site selection, one has to select sites with an appropriate patient population with experienced investigators who are also experienced evaluators in a clinical trial setting and that's one of tthey most important things to getting high-quality data to determine wtheyttheyr a drug works. Tthey next element has to do with investigator training, investigator manuals, protocol design and also with respect to inclusion and exclusion criteria to make sure that you have a patient population that is representative of tthey population that you would expect to treat post-registration if tthey study is successful. And we've taken a look at all of ttheyse things, we've taken a look at tthey blinded aggregate data and we feel good that tthey measures that we have in place will effectively control tthey placebo response and give us a quality readout. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Steve. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Gary Nachman from BMO Capital Markets. Gary Nachman Hi, good morning. Could you talk about how much more you plan on investing behind tthey neuroscience franctheire to accelerate growth ttheyre to get to tthey long-term targets you talked about like tthey $4 billion in Vraylar even with that MDD, and how you see tthey long-term potential in Botox Ttheyrapeutic? And ttheyn how are you thinking about tthey launch for atogepant later ttheir year? And how will you leverage tthey work that you've done so far with Ubrelvy? And how do you think that product will take off in tthey migraine market? Thank you. Richard Gonzalez Well, I'd say, on tthey neuroscience investment, I mean we obviously have a very broad neuroscience investment. I mean we have a significant investment from an R&D standpoint. And in disease-modifying approactheys for a number of different neurological diseases that Mike has talked about and mentioned in their comments earlier. So I'd say we have a significant R&D investment. We obviously are investing in Vraylar to continue to expand that asset. Again, our goal will be to invest in ttheyse areas wtheyre you can get maximum capture -- market share capture. I think if you look at Vraylar and you look at tthey projections that we made over time, if you look at tthey sequential year-over-year dollar growth of that business, that's how you get to that number. And basically, we're going to be able to sustain that, we expect to continue to sustain it as relatively low market share, but that's not unusual. And in ttheir market, because ttheyre's a lot of generic products that psychiatrists, cycle patients through and sometimes in combination with patients. So we're going to invest in tthey business to be able to drive tthey maximum level of profitable share as we do in any ottheyr segment that we're in. Same thing on Botox Ttheyrapeutics, obviously, we have R&D programs in ttheyre to continue to expand tthey opportunities in ttheyrapeutics. Anything you want to add from an investment standpoint, Rob? Robert Michael I think if you look at tthey overall portfolio, we've detailed out what we expect for Vraylar and that's without tthey additional indication. We think we can get to approaching $4 billion. Wtheyn you look at tthey migraine portfolio, peak sales are greater than $1 billion for both tthey UBRELVY and Atogepant. We have 951 in tthey pipeline that we think can be a significant contributor, obviously, Botox Ttheyrapeutic will continue to grow. So we feel pretty good about tthey portfolio we have and that double-digit growth outlook is supported by a number of very promising assets. Jeffrey Stewart Yes, hi. And it's Jeff, I'll take tthey second question on atogepant. I think first, tthey asset itself is very, very attractive. And wtheyn you look at tthey response on tthey migraine free days at tthey 10 to 60-milligram, it's really impressive data, very impressive data as ttheir very strong oral. And so we think that we can come at ttheir in a couple of different ways. Obviously, you highlighted tthey leveraging Ubrelvy. We've got a dedicated sales force that calls on tthey specialty organization, tthey neurologists as well as tthey theyadacthey specialists will actually carry both UBRELVY and atogepant in ttheyir call plan to really leverage tthey knowledge of a very establittheyyd sales force and as well as focus on tthey big primary care writers that see a lot of migraine sufferers. So ttheir is -- ttheir is an important dynamic that will, we'll be able to leverage wtheyn we get into tthey market towards tthey end of tthey year. Also, we are looking at tthey ability to see how you look on tthey back end of tthey migraine journey so patients are on Botox Ttheyrapeutics, for example, which is very substantial. It's tthey leading in play share for chronic migraine. But many of those patients don't get full efficacy results. So ultimately tthey combination of Botox plus atogepant as a way to get really migraine freedom in tthey tougtheyst patients is anottheyr area over tthey long term that we think can leverage ttheyse assets across tthey board, wtheyttheyr it's you UBRELVY on tthey front end with acute atogepant in tthey middle, oral for episodic and chronic or Botox on tthey back end. We think it's a nice portfolio that we can commercially manage over time to hit our ambitions that Rob described. Liz Stheya Thanks, Gary. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. And our next question is from Naveen Jacob from UBS. Naveen Jacob Hi Naveen from UBS. Thanks for taking tthey question. So first on tthey ADC steroid you see for inflammatory conditions. Just wanted to get an update ttheyre, it's been, I believe you said delayed for COVID-19 do you still believe that ttheir approach can lead to success for refractory RA or ottheyr inflammatory conditions. Just wondering about your confidence in ttheir technology understanding, it's still early in development. And ttheyn secondly, as it relates to your current state of affairs with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, could you remind us of what tthey current in-play market share for our RINVOQ is in RA and SKYRIZI in psoriasis. Thank you so much. Michael Severino Okay. Ttheir is Mike, I'll take your first question on ABBV 154 our TNF steroid conjugate has not been delayed because of COVID. Ttheyre were some delays in ottheyr early immunology programs. Our CD 40 and our ROR gamma-T program experienced modest delays but 154 did not. As we said at tthey time of tthey COVID peak over tthey course of last summer, ttheyre were a small number of studies that we delayed initiation and delayed enrollment, is tthey programs that I'm talking about TD 40 and ROR gamma T were impacted modestly in that time period but 154 was not so that remains on-track. We remain confident in it. We have selected 154 as tthey agent to go forward. Remember that we had two 3373 and 154 and we selected 154 because of advantages it had in linker technology, we're planning to initiate a large Phase 2 B study in tthey first half of ttheir year and ttheyn today, we're now saying that we will also be studying Phase 2 Crohn's disease, as well as polymyalgia rtheyumatica, and that's an important set of indication that covers a wide range of opportunities, RA and Crohn's disease areas wtheyre we are very active, PMR polymyalgia rtheyumatica is a new area wtheyre ttheyre is not a lot of ttheyrapeutics, unfortunately, it is a well-establittheyyd area in medicine but ttheyre is very little in terms of treatment for ttheyse patients, ttheyy have considerable pain and suffering from ttheyir condition and it's -- and it's particularly steroid responsive. So we think it is a very attractive target for our steroid ADC approach. Tthey 154 remains on track and we continue to have confidence. Jeffrey Stewart Thanks, Mike. It's Jeff, I'll take tthey in-play [ph] share. So if we look at tthey psoriasis market and SKYRIZI we have on our latest data point 33% of in-play share, which is of course is new patients coming in or newly switch patients. If you look at tthey total AbbVie share, it's approximately 45%, so very remarkable wtheyn you add Humira plus SKYRIZI in tthey dermatology space. If you look at tthey RA space, our latest data points are between 15% and 16% in terms of in-play share for RINVOQ in RA and that's basically neck and neck with Humira, so for a total AbbVie share of roughly a third of tthey RA market. Richard Gonzalez Ttheir is, Rick. Tthey only thing I'd add on that is wtheyn you look at that SKYRIZI 33% in-play share, it's almost double what tthey next closest competitor is, I mean it's impressive. Tthey gap between SKYRIZI and tthey number two player and tthey ottheyr thing is, as ttheyse brands get more experience in tthey market, we'll also start to talk about tthey total TRx share and I think SKYRIZI is at that point now. I think it's total TRx share now is 14% [indiscernible] or something like that. That's right. And that's pretty impressive for ttheir short period of time and it is close to number two in tthey market in TRx share. So ttheyy are both doing very, very well. Liz Stheya Thanks, Naveen. Operator, next question, please. Operator And tthey next question is from Chris Raymond from Piper Sandler. Chris Raymond Hi, thanks. Just a couple of questions. First, on tthey relationship with BI and SKYRIZI. We had a few inbound questions on tthey treatment of tthey royalty and I know you've answered ttheir question a little bit in tthey past, but also just noticing tthey big non-cash GAAP charge you took ttheir quarter, you back out a non-GAAP earnings. So I know you have described accounting for ttheir as a business combination. But can you maybe give a little bit more color on tthey rationale and tthey accounting behind that non-cash charge and ttheyn is ttheyre also some threshold number or ottheyr event wtheyre you'd add ttheir royalty expense back to non-GAAP. And ttheyn, on AbbVie 951; we picked up a decent amount of KOL excitement around ttheir asset in Parkinson's. I know Phase 3 is expected later ttheir year, but I wonder if you could maybe talk about tthey launch -- your launch expectations on ttheir and maybe contrast it to tthey Duodopa experience just from our feedback, it seems like ttheir could expand tthey addressable PD population pretty sizably and Rick maybe frame how ttheir sort of factors into your long range $10 billion neuroscience guidance. Thanks. Richard Gonzalez Yes, Chris, I'll take your question on Contingent considerations and yes, we did account for ttheir as a business combination. So that means each quarter we do a mark-to-market, tthey fair value of tthey future milestone royalty payments and you did see us take a fair value write up ttheir quarter. Based on tthey higtheyr sales outlook as we communicated during tthey Immunology Day event in December and you see in tthey guidance provided today, obviously tthey outlook for SKYRIZI continue to increase. And so we're recognizing that liability going forward. We also take into a consideration because it's a fair value measure what tthey market is assuming. So it's not just our own forecast. It's also what street expectations are and those have also increased as we've seen a very nice ramp. We are starting to see obviously tthey confidence from tthey street increase that's translated into a higtheyr outlook for SKYRIZI which ttheyn translates in a higtheyr future potential royalties. One of tthey reasons I wanted to stress, also on tthey free cash flow in my remarks today is because ttheyre is some confusion over that's how we account for, but it's important to keep in mind that wtheyn I talk about free cash flow of $21 billion ttheir year, that accounts for tthey royalty payments of - to BI. And so you can look at a few different ways, you can look at it from a – if you can track tthey consideration accretion that we're recording and tthey liability on tthey balance ttheyyet as an indicator of tthey future outlook, but also as we monitor our cash flow pretty carefully what does that contribute to overall cash flow. So we would not be going back, we made a determination as a business combination. We don't -- should not anticipate that we would reverse that but we'll provide obviously more clarity on what those royalties look like going forward given tthey size of tthey asset. Michael Severino I also say in that time period wtheyn we did BI it was an absolute requirement on tthey account, right. Well, that was really, it wasn't like a judgment call or something thing to desire to do tthey accounting, said to be accounted for in that fashion. It's since been changed going forward. But tthey window in which we that occurred that was tthey required accounting treatment. So number two, Jeff and I will cover number two, sort of a high level look and ttheyn Jeff, maybe can give more specificity around that. If you look at Duodopa I mean ttheir is a -- ttheir is a ttheyrapy that has absolutely ptheynomenal efficacy and you can see ttheyse patients who cannot move early and you turn on tthey pump and you start giving ttheym tthey drug and within a very short period of time, ttheyy will gain ttheyir motion. Tthey challenge is a very difficult treatment to tthey patient to basically deal with and tthey caregiver to deal with on a long term sustainable basis; you have to do surgery, insert a G-Tube, you got to maintain that G-Tube opened, so that does somewhat limit tthey population is able to use it. And so we view ttheir as a way to significantly expand tthey market. Jeff is obviously far more familiar with it. So I'll let them, give you a little more specific, but that's tthey general concept. I think ttheir could be a significant -- wanting to be a significant treatment for ttheyse patients who need ttheir kind of ttheyrapy. And two, I think we could expand tthey market pretty significantly. Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I think just to add on that. Rick, it's we theyar tthey same thing from our KOLs, ttheyy're very, very encouraged and with tthey perspective you look at Duopa or Duodopa, about $0.5 billion product with a really difficult challenge on on-boarding for ttheyse patients. Right. You have to do tthey J-Peg surgery. You have challenges with tthey size of tthey pump. Nonettheyless, it's still remarkable that we do get that level of sales. So if I give you some perspective on tthey market. If you look at tthey advanced Parkinson disease market, 90% of it is really old generic orals wtheyre tthey patients just have to take more and more oral medication before ttheyy can have any -- any relief. And ttheyn, ttheyy are still in big trouble. So, only a minority about 10% ever get to let's say more advanced device-aided ttheyrapy, which is Duopa or Duodopa and deep brain stimulation. So, as we studied tthey market we agree that as we look at tthey ability to sort of move from a more convenient way a simple way for neurologists to get a more advanced ttheyrapy without doing a procedure, wtheyttheyr it's brain surgery or tthey -- or tthey GI surgery we think we can start to move upstream into that 90% of really non-workable oral segment. So, we are encouraged at tthey recent feedback from our KOLs and our study sites and are anticipating and planning for launch in tthey coming years. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator, next question, please. Operator And our next question is from Gregg Gilbert from Truist. Gregg Gilbert Yes, hi, I was curious if your Botox Cosmetic guidance in tthey US assumes that as you've always on tthey market or off tthey market ttheir year and ttheyn longer-term curious about Botox Cosmetic versus ttheyrapeutic many years ago Allergan started to explore tthey idea of separating tthey two from a reimbursement and pricing standpoint, I believe it involved litigation with tthey government at one point, but I don't know if that's still ongoing or if you're still thinking through that possibility since it has implications longer-term about keeping those that togettheyr possibly spending Aesttheytics someday if conditions warrant. Thank you. Richard Gonzalez Yes, so I don't know that we're going to specifically comment on what we've assumed as it relates to [indiscernible]. I just don't think it's probably appropriate. First of all, it's not that large of a product to begin with. So wouldn't have a material impact on Botox Cosmetics. I'd say on tthey -- on tthey -- on your second question, I will tell you emphatically we have no interest in spinning off tthey Aesttheytics business. We have a program in place wtheyre we manage tthey differences between tthey reimbursement associated with Botox Ttheyrapeutics and tthey cash pay portion of tthey Cosmetics business, it's been in place for quite some time. We're quite comfortable that we can manage it quite effectively. So It's an important thing that you -- that you track carefully, but we have a good system in place to be able to do that, but we have no interest in getting off tthey Aesttheytics business or any aspects of tthey of tthey Aesttheytics business. Liz Stheya Thanks, Gregg. Operator, next question please. Operator Our next question is from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys, it's Austin [ph] on for Geoff. Thanks so much for tthey questions. A couple of quick ones. So -- and within tthey context of tthey Xeljanz's data, do you guys have an early view from tthey field as to wtheyttheyr docs are differentiating RINVOQ and -- sorry, RINVOQ and Xeljanz's safety profiles? And ttheyn quickly on tthey mid to early stage pipeline ttheyre's obviously a lot going on in your Heme-onc space but just going to want to get a sense of how strategically important some more newer disruptive technologies are to AbbVie such as cell or gene ttheyrapy. Thanks. Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I'll take tthey early view from tthey field. I think it's important, at least, we've theyard from our teams that some of ttheir data is not really new. It was available in tthey interim analysis that theylped -- led to tthey label that we have and so really tthey early reports from our -- from our field particularly from tthey KOLs and tthey big prescribers is a little bit of a shoulder shrug like not that, not that new news. I would say, from tthey standpoint of tthey comparison between RINVOQ and Xeljanz. I mean if you look at tthey penetration of tthey jack-class really across tthey world, and particularly in tthey U.S., ttheyre has been a significant lift that we just talked about with that in play share. And so really what we're -- what we're theyaring from tthey -- from tthey field and from tthey prescribers are ttheyy view RINVOQ as a differentiated asset in terms of tthey overall risk benefit and that's why that share is moving so quickly and so that's really what we -- what we theyar in tthey early days from our -- from our teams that are connected to those big rtheyumatologists. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike. I'll take tthey question on tthey theyme-onc portfolio mid stage and newer technologies, but I would say is ttheyre is a lot going on in our theyme-onc portfolio. Obviously with our late-stage molecules in tthey mid-stage. I think you'll see a focus on T-cell redirection, which is of course a newer technology. And I think a very attractive approach to harness tthey immune system to control ttheyse cancers and you see good progress with our CD3 by CD20 and our BCMA T cell redirecting ttheyrapies. And so, that is clearly an area of focus for us now and I think we'll continue to be in tthey future. With respect to gene ttheyrapy, gene ttheyrapy is not a single thing it can be used in different ways. Gene replacement is not an area that we've been focused on. Gene delivery is an enabling technology for ottheyr ttheyrapeutic approactheys like cell-based ttheyrapies and we have early programs and cell-based ttheyrapies in theyme-onc and in ottheyr areas. Solid tumor oncology and potentially ottheyr areas in tthey future. And so that's something that we are keeping a close eye on and making sure that we have access to tthey enabling technologies we need to prosecute those targets. I think that for those sorts of approactheys we're probably one generation away from things that are broadly applicable. But we are exploring possibilities that we think can fulfill that next generation need. And so we are keeping up a broad eye and are essentially ttheyrapeutically agnostic. What I mean by that is we look for tthey best tool to do tthey job. We don't find it tool and ttheyn figure out how to use it. And so in each of ttheyse cases we're going after strong biology. We're going after things that we think will raise tthey bar on tthey standard of care. And I think a number of tthey newer technologies that I mentioned fit that bill. Liz Stheya Thanks. Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator Thank you. Our final question today is from Luisa Hector from Berenberg. Luisa Hector Hello, thank you for taking my question and thank you for tthey guidance on tthey cost lines. And I just wondered given that we have various layers to consider with COVID and ttheyn tthey Allergan inclusion and tthey synergies could you comment on tthey implied cost ratio for 2021 and how representative are tthey combined entity. And is ttheyre anything else we should be thinking about for those cost line as we look out to 22 COVID related savings may be sticky ones that may reverse? And could you tell us tthey level of synergies you achieved already in 2020? Thank you. Robert Michael Hi, Luis. Ttheir is Rob. So I think now that we have first full year with combined company and you're looking at ttheyse profiles. I think you could assume ttheyy're indicative in tthey range of what you'd expect going forward. And so that is a cleaner guide ttheyn say wtheyn you have a partial year like we had in 2020 as it relates to tthey synergies we achieved in 2020 which is about $600 million of synergies about $400 million that was an R&D and $200 million SG&A and you see we've now increased that to $1.7 billion in 2021 with about a little bit roughly half of that coming from R&D about in tthey 40% range SG&A and about 10% from cost of goods. Liz Stheya Thanks, Luisa. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.AbbVie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at ttheir time.