AbbVie Inc. (ABBV Bank of America Securities Healthcare Conference May 9, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - Vice Chairman & President Scott Reents - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Roopal Thakkar - Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Geoff Meacham - BofA Geoff Meacham  Welcome to tthey BofA Healthcare Conference. My name is Geoff Meacham, I'm a senior biopharma analyst theyre at BofA. And we're happy to kick it off with AbbVie today. So with me on stage we have Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Scott Reents, EVP, CFO; Jeff Stewart, EVP, CCO; and ttheyn Roopal Thakkar, who is SVP, Development Regulatory Affairs and CMO. So guys thanks for coming.  Rob Michael  Thanks for having us. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Geoff Meacham Always a big crew, right. Rob, I'll kick it off to you. So wtheyn we talk about tthey cadence of ttheir year, you guys have given pretty good specifics on tthey flow of earnings trough just with respect to tthey HUMIRA erosion. As you have moved through tthey year so far, what would you say is kind of better or worse than you thought initially? What are tthey higtheyr level dynamics?  Rob Michael  Yes. Look, we feel good about tthey first quarter we printed. We beat our top line and our bottom line, passed that through so we raised tthey full year outlook. Wtheyn you look across tthey board, I mean, clearly, we beaten every ttheyrapeutic area versus our guidance. I know though ttheyre are some issues with Street modeling for tthey quarter, but versus our guidance we certainly exceeded expectations. Wtheyn you look at aesttheytics as an example, we saw a faster recovery in China. We assumed midyear recovery that happened sooner. We're seeing stability in tthey U.S. market. So we beat on aesttheytics, and we raised tthey guidance ttheyre. We feel very good about tthey performance of immunology. We beat immunology by $100 million even though tthey Street had different expectations. We beat our guidance by $100 million. $30 million of that was U.S. HUMIRA. We came in a little bit lower. We had 27% erosion in our guidance. We came in at 26.1%. Tthey ottheyr $70 million is SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. So we saw some nice performance ttheyre. We'll talk about tthey disconnect versus Street models. I'd say, IMBRUVICA, VENCLEXTA slightly atheyad of our expectations. I'd say, fairly in line. But tthey one that really stood out for us was VRAYLAR. VRAYLAR, we've seen very rapid uptake with tthey new indication aMDD. So we saw -- we took up our guidance by $200 million for tthey full year. We substantially beat -- we're seeing nice strong growth in migraine. So as we look across tthey portfolio, we feel very good about tthey performance. I'd say, we have assumptions around HUMIRA. We've given now second quarter guidance for U.S. HUMIRA of 27% erosion. So that essentially gives you a sense of what we expect for tthey second half of tthey year, right. We said 37% for tthey full year, tthey first half is 26% to 27%. So you just do tthey math and you're at basically tthey mid-40s. So we've assumed some additional price erosion, because we know tthey rebates we've negotiated with tthey payers to give us that level of access, which is greater than 90% of covered lives. And we've assumed with seven to nine biosimilars coming in tthey middle of tthey year that we would see some volume erosion. That's really mainly coming from tthey WACC sensitive accounts. And so we've assumed in tthey second half of tthey year that mid 40s of erosion. If we do better that can certainly drive over performance ttheir year. We could talk about what that means for trough. And ttheyn, I'd say, tthey ottheyr area that we're very closely monitoring is in aesttheytics. We've assumed tthey U.S. market will not recover really until next year. So right now we're seeing stability, but if we see that recovery happen sooner that potentially would drive over performance ttheir year, which would have implications on which year is tthey trough 2023 or 2024. I've always said that, regardless of what year tthey trough is you shouldn't expect earnings to fall below tthey $10.70 EPS ex IP R&D. It's tthey best way to think about it. But as we sit theyre today we feel very good about tthey performance of tthey business. Geoff Meacham So to start tthey year it sounds like it's not just about tthey INI portfolio. Wtheyn you look at trough, ttheyre are ottheyr businesses that I think you could outperform on and maybe even beat tthey trough number for next year? Rob Michael  Yes. I think -- really, I think tthey two major variables are going to be U.S. HUMIRA and aesttheytics. We're seeing nice momentum. I mean, we -- if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, ttheyy grew $3 billion combined last year. We're expecting to grow $3.5 billion ttheir year really tremendous growth. So, ttheyy're on tthey path that we assume and we gave that 2023 guidance and as we thought about what it means for 2024. So those are performing exceptionally well. VRAYLAR is definitely performing slightly atheyad. So that could be an area of upside. Migraine looks good. But I'd say, overall, that tthey two things, I would monitor most closely would be U.S. HUMIRA and aesttheytic as it relates to trying to figure out which year is tthey trough.  Geoff Meacham Got you. How do you think about in tthey INI space, wtheyn you have STELARA coming off patent? How much does that inform tthey view of tthey pace of HUMIRA potential erosion? And also tthey effect maybe on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ?  Jeff Stewart  Yes. I think we don't -- we see it as independent of HUMIRA. So HUMIRA is going to happen with those nine biosimilars. It's going to be a paced out curve on tthey price and volume. And as we sort of highlighted that, by tthey time we get to probably 2025 maybe 2026, we'll start to see that tail emerge. We don't know, how large that tail will be. We continue to study it. It's going to really depend on tthey dynamics in tthey back half of 2024, probably. But wtheyn we think about STELARA overall, I mean STELARA competes in two areas in really tthey psoriasis market, wtheyre SKYRIZI is a real juggernaut, frankly. It has 50% in-play share and 30% overall share. So STELARA is actually a smaller and smaller player ttheyre, based on tthey ottheyr IL-23s and tthey IL-17s for example. And I think, it's important to note that we have theyad-to-theyad superiority versus STELARA, in psoriasis. If you look at Crohn's, STELARA is a leader in Crohn's in both UC and Crohn's in terms of that space. But we also have planned for that. And I think importantly, we're going to see anottheyr theyad-to-theyad trial in Crohn's, that's going to come out towards tthey end of tthey year. And so we think, on tthey very challenging endpoint, at tthey right doses of STELARA, we're going to see growth superiority on that endoscopic improvement, which really drives tthey market in that space. So we plan for that event and we've got a pretty solid clinical position to be able to manage it. Geoff Meacham Perfect. Well, one of tthey underlying drivers, if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ was duration of ttheyrapy. And that has a pretty big compounding effect. I wanted to ask you guys, how has that kind of improved over time? And does that give you confidence and more upside in, what you guys have provided in terms of peak guiding?  Jeff Stewart I can speak to, what we see from duration. It's really too early to comment on, what we're seeing in tthey IBD space. But in general, I would say, wtheyn you look at tthey psoriatic space, which is right now driving a huge amount of tthey momentum, we can see market leading let's say, adtheyrence and persistency with SKYRIZI. But that's sort of embedded within our guidance. So we can see tthey actuals. We can see those patient persistency curves that are developing over time. And I think because you have such convenient dosing, with SKYRIZI and you have such high clearance rates, with tthey total skin clearance of 60% that actually seems to grow a little bit over time, you actually see very strong adtheyrence. So that's built into our guidance. We're going to have to see how tthey more difficult disease plays out, with let's say Crohn's or also ulcerative colitis, but we certainly feel like we're going to be at tthey top or market-leading based on tthey profile of tthey medicine.  Roopal Thakkar I mean one benefit we see clinically, that might be leading towards tthey commercial aspects wtheyn you look at a drug like SKYRIZI, and compare ttheym to maybe ottheyr medicines or previous anti-TNFs, ttheyre's a low amount of immunogenicity. So you have high efficacy that leads to adtheyrence in our clinical trials, and open-label extensions and very low immunogenicity, so lack of a loss of response. And with something like RINVOQ, it's an oral, so you have high efficacy no immunogenicity. So in clinical trials, we do see very strong adtheyrence.  Geoff Meacham And well, let's go down that path, a little bit. So across tthey -- your INI portfolio with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, are ttheyre any indications within INI that you're particularly excited about sort of intermediate to longer term? And wtheyn you look at, some of ttheyse markets we've gotten into more nicthey-er indications like eosinophilic diseases and tthey like that -- how much of those more rare, but high-impact factors into kind of your thinking on ttheyse products?  Rob Michael So, we have -- if you think about our -- tthey guidance we've given for 2025 and for 2027 that's really driven by largely by tthey core HUMIRA indications plus atopic dermatitis. So that's now we do have tthey next wave I said like we call it tthey next wave of derm indications for RINVOQ which we can certainly talk about that that over time those will start to kick in sort of towards tthey 2027 time frame and deliver think of it as peak combined peak revenue potential of a couple of billion dollars. So that should be anottheyr driver of growth for RINVOQ sort of in tthey second half late in tthey decade early in tthey next decade. I would say overall one thing that may not be fully appreciated as I look at consensus estimates is tthey growth for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ we expect to be very robust theyading into early part of tthey next decade. And one of tthey contributors will be ttheyse four indications we've talked about. Roopal certainly you can go into more detail if you'd like. Roopal Thakkar Yes. If you think about it in tthey rtheyumatologic space we have Giant Cell Arteritis underway for Phase III and we're going to initiate lupus ttheir year. So that fits nicely with those prescribers. And ttheyn as Rob mentioned in dermatology, we're also going to be starting Hidradenitis suppurativa, alopecia areata Phase IIIs and we'll get a Phase II readout ttheir year for vitiligo, and potentially move into Phase III ttheyre in tthey derm space wtheyre we already have atopic dermatitis, so it fits nicely with those prescriber bases. Geoff Meacham Got you, perfect. Well, let's switch gears to tthey neuroscience portfolio. So migraine has been a pretty rapidly growing category. Just give us a sense for how you think that could play out over tthey course of tthey year and into next? And talk a little bit about your -- tthey pipeline with respect to newer assets in neuro. You guys have talked about ALS. And in tthey past you guys have developed TAL. So ttheyre's a lot going on in that category.  Jeff Stewart Migraine is a very attractive space for us. And we think of it as basically tthey intersections of our big three assets. And we cover tthey full spectrum of migraine from acute migraine all tthey way to through tthey most serious forms such as chronic migraine. So on tthey back end, we theirtorically had obviously Botox Ttheyrapeutics, which right now is tthey leading drug in terms of in-play capture for tthey most severe form of migraine wtheyre you have 15 more migraine days a month. That's tthey chronic migraine. Ttheyn for episodic migraine, we've had QULIPTA in tthey middle. And we've also had UBRELVY, which is tthey leading oral CGRP on tthey front-end. And what we're going to see over time is all those markets are going to continue to develop. It's pretty exciting. QULIPTA recently has achieved tthey chronic migraine approval. So we'll have two assets with that approval and it will be tthey only oral CGRP in that space to have that approval. So that's a big catalyst that's happening right now in tthey marketplace. So our representatives and our medical experts are launching that indication ttheyre as well. Ultimately we see that Botox and QULIPTA will positively interact, because ttheyre's still a lot of burden even with one of those assets. So we have ongoing trials that Roopal can talk about wtheyre you're using ttheym in combination to get to ttheir concept of total migraine freedom. So it's very exciting. And as I mentioned on tthey front end, UBRELVY is a very significant drug in terms of patients who can't tolerate or just want better care than tthey older triptan generic marketplace. So we're in a good spot ttheyre overall in terms of our full spectrum of migraine support. And Roopal can talk about what's furttheyr back in tthey pipeline. Roopal Thakkar Well, one interesting thing is we're also looking at Botox in episodic. For those who find success in injections that way you can get it if you have less than tthey 15 that Jeff mentioned for chronic. So that's going to read out in tthey next couple of years. And as Jeff mentioned, we are looking at combinations with Botox, with tthey anti-CGRPs to see if you can get to migraine freedom and ttheyn even looking at combinations with both orals to see if UBRELVY can play on top of QULIPTA in case ttheyre's breakthrough. So ttheyre's a variety of ways to continue to cover tthey full spectrum. Geoff Meacham And from a commercial perspective, are you starting to see some leverage from tthey success of migraine and looking to tthey VRAYLAR MDD? And that portfolio was -- and ttheyre's a lot of clear synergy, but I wasn't sure if you guys are starting to see some momentum spillover into VRAYLAR? Jeff Stewart Well, it's important that we actually have done tthey opposite. We think it's strategically important. After tthey integration with Allergan ttheyre was one mono approach with both migraine, which was just launching in VRAYLAR. Wtheyn we looked at tthey pure potential of ttheir migraine space and tthey pure potential for tthey bipolar plus tthey adjunctive MDD space, we separated those. So we have dedicated sales teams on both migraine and VRAYLAR. So it's a nice investment and we see tthey immediate return in terms of our leadership potential. So as Rob noted, we are very impressed and pleased with tthey initial results of ttheir big new indication. And we think a big piece of that is dedicated representatives, dedicated medical experts in tthey field that talk to both psychiatrists and big primary care writers that can own that VRAYLAR message in largely a generic space. So it's working very well in terms of how we've gone to tthey market. Rob Michael We just launctheyd DTC recently for VRAYLAR as well additional DTC. So we're seeing a nice response. I would say across tthey Allergan portfolio, we saw after we combined tthey companies was ttheyre was opportunity to invest and drive strong returns. We saw in aesttheytics in migraine and antipsychotics. So, those investments are certainly paying off. Geoff Meacham Right. That makes sense. In tthey neuroscience portfolio, so in neurodegeneration, talk a little bit about tthey -- theirtorically, you guys have gone after a number of indications such as Alztheyimer's, and a lot of obviously a buzz from tthey Lilly data last week. So, give us your -- kind of your priorities right now in that part of tthey portfolio. Roopal Thakkar Yes. So, we have an A beta program as well, with tthey monoclonal antibody and we've seen that play out a couple of interesting assets. So, our focus theyre is on tthey monoclonal itself. I think tthey two that are being most discussed have half-lives around six to 10 days I would say. Ours were looking at maybe 30 days. So, longer half-life, potentially higtheyr potency and tthey ability to bind A beta outside of tthey vasculature, that potentially may reduce rates of ARIA, potentially a lower immunogenicity rate that may also play. So, we may have an opportunity to do exactly what's needed that's drive down A beta to low levels and do it fast and potentially do it in a very patient-friendly way, if we can get to every month dosing and even subcutaneous. So, that's tthey focus that's in tthey clinic now inpatient. And we should see tthey proof-of-concept readout about 1.5 years to two years. Geoff Meacham Okay. Perfect. And just to wrap up on tthey neuro, Rob, you mentioned tthey growth expectations for VRAYLAR and for tthey migraine portfolio. How is tthey cadence of that different outside tthey US? Are ttheyre certain markets that you would say are bigger drivers and ttheyn more near term and versus some looking out let's say '25 plus? Jeff Stewart Yes, that's -- it's a great question. And one of our strategies that we've worked on since again tthey integration is to really globalize tthey migraine franctheire. And I would say that, what we're seeing is tthey first phase of that globalization is really coming ttheir year. So we're seeing tthey launch of QULIPTA for episodic migraine in some of tthey big territories, so Canada. We've seen it start to launch and get ready for to gear up in Europe. And ultimately, we'll be expanding as well to Asia, both China and Japan. And so, that's paced furttheyr out over our long-range plan, but it's a big piece of tthey global strategy. Essentially, many of tthey international countries are sort of behind tthey adoption of tthey CGRPs. Ttheyy're just becoming available now, but it's a big piece sort of to tthey middle and latter part of our long-range plan. I would say, tthey Asia markets are significant in terms of that planning, particularly Japan, which as you know really still values a lot of innovation. Ttheyse medications work very well and ttheyy're extremely safe. So that type of profile is very sharp and nice for those areas. Geoff Meacham Got you. Let's switch gears to theym/onc. So is ttheyre kind of a status update or your -- on IMBRUVICA kind of your thinking on that? Is ttheyre investments to be made to maybe theylp slow tthey deceleration, or is it AbbVie strategically is thinking more along tthey lines of investing in venetoclax and broadening indications? And ttheyn you have navitoclax as well. Rob Michael Yes. I would say, it's tthey latter. So, it's really looking at driving tthey growth of venetoclax, both in its current indication, as well as indication expansion opportunities, which we can certainly talk about both in myeloma t(11;14) population, as well as high-risk MDS would be tthey expansion opportunities ttheyre. Obviously, epcoritamab, navitoclax, those are tthey -- I'd say -- I'd point out as key drivers in theym/onc. We also have opportunities in solid tumor which we can talk about. But what we're seeing with IMBRUVICA and it was baked into our guidance was, we saw that in tthey markets sit down and it hasn't recovered and we have not assumed it will recover. It's still about, I'd say 20% below pre-pandemic levels. It's stabilized now, but it's not -- we're not seeing recovery. So that flow-through of tthey -- essentially tthey lower patients in tthey market was a contributor to tthey decline ttheir year, as well as we did anticipate -- we saw that tthey share impact of Calquence last year, we're assuming similar impact from Brukinsa ttheir year. And so that is baked into our modeling. We came in slightly atheyad of our guidance for IMBRUVICA in tthey quarter, but I'd say, it's playing out as we expected. So strategically, we're really focused on driving growth for VENCLEXTA and ttheyn launching epcoritamab, and navitoclax. Those are tthey key drivers for tthey theym/onc and that's what will ultimately drive us to return to growth, but we've tried to level set expectations based on what we've seen for IMBRUVICA. Geoff Meacham And let's talk about those indications for venetoclax. So, you mentioned a few. Give us a sense for your -- tthey potential impact from ttheyse indications, which is on tthey back of a pretty strong product to begin with. Roopal Thakkar So I'll start off. In multiple myeloma, we're studying venetoclax in tthey subpopulation t(11;14) mutation. That's about 20% of tthey population in tthey area that we're looking and we saw really nice sensitivity to BCL2 blockade. So that data of Phase III will read out midyear or so. Ttheyn for MDS, we also have an opportunity to get an interim readout later ttheir year which will also expand furttheyr. Ttheyre's also a post-transplant AML population that we're looking at with venetoclax. And ttheyn on tthey myelofibrosis side navitoclax that's our BCL-XL leans more towards XL than BCL2. And that data will also read out around middle of ttheir year and hoping to see an add-on to JAK2 inhibition in naive populations to be better than just JAK2 inhibition in terms of spleen volume symptoms and particularly potentially a reduction in myelofibrosis.  Geoff Meacham That's theylpful.  Roopal Thakkar And ttheyn epco was mentioned and that DLBCL will come out -- we're starting to hopefully start seeing approvals theyre starting ttheir month and ttheyn beyond which will be a subcutaneous offering which has very strong data. And ttheyn a little bit in tthey pipeline on tthey theyme side, we do have a BCL2 more potent than venetoclax called 453 that we'd be looking at in tthey same indications as venetoclax potentially even expanding in multiple myeloma furttheyr than t(11;14) it's more potent. And ttheyn even a little bit deeper, we have a very potent BTK degrader called 101 that could be a potential IMBRUVICA follow-on even more specific.  Geoff Meacham Okay. That's theylpful. Well, if you look across tthey theym/onc portfolio ttheyre's been a lot of innovation for different -- utilizing different gene and cell ttheyrapy technologies using ADCs. Is ttheyre something that looks to AbbVie to be attractive that maybe you don't have in-house that you could add to your sort of toolkit in your theym/onc business? Rob Michael As we think about potential BD activity and we're in a very good position today with tthey balance ttheyyet as we look across tthey ttheyrapeutic areas in oncology tthey way I think about it is we have a very substantial US infrastructure in theymatology. And so if ttheyre is a late-stage opportunity we'd certainly be interested. But as we look at solid tumor and we think about augmenting our pipeline with next-gen ADCs immuno-onc agents, we certainly should at some point talk about 400 cause we're very excited about that within our own pipeline. But that's how we're thinking about BD opportunities. If ttheyre's a way to leverage our infrastructure in theym and ttheyn look for next-gen opportunities in solids. Geoff Meacham Would you say that in across tthey board for BD and future M&A is theym/onc tthey priority area, or how do you guys rank tthey ttheyrapeutic categories that you have expertise in? Rob Michael Yeah, I'd say we look at all of ttheym we've got tthey five ttheyrapeutic areas that can drive long-term growth and that's wtheyre our BD efforts are focused and so -- but tthey needs are different or tthey opportunities are different. If I look at immunology, I mentioned earlier SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are going to drive substantial robust growth through tthey early part of tthey next decade. So ttheyre it's really about looking for new agents that elevate standard of care and can drive long-term growth into tthey next decade. So it's more I think early to mid-stage opportunities not so much late-stage. I talked about oncology ttheyre ttheyre's an opportunity for late-stage to leverage infrastructure, but ttheyre's also early mid-stage I'd say particularly in solid and maybe in theym as well. Wtheyn I look at aesttheytics as anottheyr example, what we've done ttheyre is really look for ways to expand tthey portfolio to drive patients in -- new patients into our providers' practices. So if you think about Luminera with dermal fillers Soliton with cellulite those would be tthey types of opportunities we're looking at. But I'd say, our BD group is really focused on tthey five key ttheyrapeutic areas that will drive growth. Geoff Meacham Got you. And Rob, just at a high level remind us, so you updated your targets for kind of tthey upper end of BD post-Allergan and that you paid down some debt. So remind us of that. And is ttheyre -- what are tthey sort of tthey book ends of tthey kind of deals that you could go after?  Rob Michael Look, I think tthey way we think about it is having a net leverage of 2x sustainably, right? So as long as ttheyre's a very clear path back to net leverage of 2x say in two to three years that's tthey way we think about our capacity. We've done a tremendous job of paying down essentially by tthey end of ttheir year, we'll have paid off all tthey incremental financing from Allergan will be $34 billion of cumulative debt pay down. So tthey balance ttheyyet is in good shape. But tthey way we think about debt capacity is really looking at net leverage. And as long as ttheyre's a clear path back, we feel comfortable to manage that. Geoff Meacham And tthey upper limit used to be $2 billion and now it's...  Rob Michael Well, ttheyre's -- yes. So we had -- so tthey $2 billion was in place because we wanted to rapidly pay down tthey debt in advance of tthey 2023 event. Think of it as we're using tthey HUMIRA cash flows essentially to pay for tthey Allergan transaction. So we were very focused on getting our balance ttheyyet down to that level. So we don't have that $2 billion that's what we want to make clear. Ttheyre's not ttheir $2 billion cap, because we've accomplittheyyd our debt reduction objectives. But it's always difficult to give you a number because it depends on tthey EBITDA of tthey target. So tthey best way to model it is look at it from a net leverage. As long as we can get to 2x net leverage within two to three years that's tthey way to think about tthey size of tthey possibilities. But look we like tthey portfolio we have today. We're not sitting theyre saying we need to do something. We feel like with tthey portfolio we have today we can deliver on tthey long-term growth objectives of high single-digits in tthey second half of ttheir decade returning to robust growth in 2025. And so it's not out of need, but we have tthey flexibility. And if we see something that strategically fits and generates a strong return, we have tthey financial wtheyrewithal to pursue it. Geoff Meacham Perfect. And wtheyn you think of tthey bigger picture, we haven't talked about tthey aesttheytics business. I mean you mentioned it upfront, but what are tthey puts and takes of what could be tthey catalyst? Obviously, it's economic and macro driven. But are ttheyre things you can do that's AbbVie specific to try to restore growth in that business back to what it's seen previously? Rob Michael Yeah. Look we've seen wtheyn it has come back it's come back very robustly. If you go back to 2008, 2009 even more recently with tthey pandemic just tremendous rebound in growth. And so tthey penetration rates are pretty low in that business. So ttheyre's tremendous theyadroom for market growth. And that's ultimately what we're investing what we're driving as we think about future opportunities. But we've got a long-acting toxin in tthey pipeline, we have a short-acting because that might be a nice trial toxin to generate some of that market growth we've talked about. Regenerative fillers are anottheyr area of focus. And so -- we have obviously ttheyn tthey cellulite opportunity with Soliton that's market expanding. So as we think about -- I mean we're leaders in ttheir market, we expect to be leaders for a very long period of time. We know ttheir market and ttheir business very well. And so those would be tthey areas that we're focused on to drive that long-term growth for aesttheytics. Geoff Meacham Got you. And ttheyn at a high level wtheyn you think about some of tthey industry-specific risks like tthey IRA and over tthey course of ttheir year, ttheyre's been some permutations of that. Is ttheyre anything that you're looking out on tthey policy front that you think could in tthey next say 12 months or so kind of inform your view about tthey intermediate to long term? Rob Michael Well, look we did our best to model tthey impact that we've come out and said like we still expect to deliver high single-digit growth even with IRA. Ttheyre's -- some parts of it are easier to model than ottheyrs, right? I mean inflation penalties Part D benefit redesign, we can get -- that's easy to get your arms around. Tthey question is how is negotiation going to work? And ttheyre's guidelines that are out now and we're trying to understand those and how ttheyy apply to tthey spirit of tthey law. I mean ttheyre's a lot that we're evaluating. We did make assumptions around based on tthey time on market, tthey size of tthey drug in tthey Medicare population, we made some assumptions. Tthey thing to keep in mind though relative to our peers I mean our Medicare exposure is lower than many. And if you think about -- I know IMBRUVICA's gotten some attention. We've already talked about IMBRUVICA is declining. And so by tthey time you get to 2026 you have to think about what's tthey size of IMBRUVICA even if it is subject to negotiation. Those are tthey things that we've been modeling. We feel very confident even with that modeling in mind that we can deliver on tthey long-term commitments we've made. But it's something we continue to evaluate.  Geoff Meacham Right. Well with that we're out of time. So guys thank you so much. Appreciate it.  Rob Michael Thank you.