AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Goldman Sachs 44th Ryanual Global Healthcare Conference Call June 14, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - President and Vice Chair Jeff Stewart - Chief Commercial Officer Roopal Thakkar - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Shibutani - Goldman Sachs Chris Shibutani Okay. Here we go. Good morning, everybody and welcome to Wednesday, third day of tthey 44th Ryanual Goldman Sachs Healthcare Conference. Congratulations to all of you who have survived, hopefully people are getting some decent sleep, not too much drama on tthey news front. My name is Chris Shibutani, along with my colleagues and tthey team and tthey Goldman research led by tthey pharma group by Dan Zimmet. We are super pleased to have AbbVie theyre with us joining. So thank you so much on tthey team theyre presenting, we have Rob Michael, President and Vice Chair, I believe, right; Jeff Stewart, Chief Commercial Officer; and ttheyn Roopal Thakkar, who is Chief Medical Officer. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Chris Shibutani I always like to begin ttheyse things just making sure we understand who we are talking to and probably a lot of folks are pretty familiar with who you are, but a little thumbnail on sort of your professional journey, what brings you to wtheyre you are at AbbVie would be great. So I will start with you, Rob. Rob Michael Sure. Great to be theyre, Chris. Nice to meet you in person finally. So I started with Abbott 30 years ago, actually 20 years at Abbott, worked all over that company, diabetes care, diagnostics, nutrition, pharmaceuticals last 10 years with AbbVie since tthey beginning, I was tthey CFO for 4 years and currently responsible for commercial and financial operations. Chris Shibutani Terrific. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Yes. Thanks, Chris. So I have also like Rob worked for many, many years, 30 plus years, and almost exclusively in tthey commercial space. So sales, marketing, overall business strategy, have worked in Europe in different areas. And really, I approach business from tthey perspective of tthey stakeholders, tthey patients, tthey competition and really like to very much study human behavior and how teams work so that we can drive tthey business. That’s been my primary thrust over tthey last 30 years. Chris Shibutani Terrific. On tthey commercial front, never a dull moment constantly changing, right. If you’ve seen stuff before, look at what’s coming up next. And Roopal, go blue, I understand. Roopal Thakkar Yes, right. Thanks for having us. I have only been at AbbVie for 20 years. So early development, clinical development and early days of HUMIRA, a variety of indications, early days with RINVOQ lifting that from Phase 1 into Phase 2 into Phase 3, regulatory affairs across all ttheyrapeutic areas, now development, regulatory and asset leadership. Chris Shibutani You say it very calmly obviously it’s a beast of a task. And clearly, tthey immunology franctheire is tremendous. But you also lead me into tthey obvious discussion. Let’s start tthey day right off, talking about tthey dynamics for HUMIRA. I think ongoing progress through an unprecedented year it’s fascinating to see how things have happened so far ttheir year. I think you guys have done a very good job of trying to keep us on pace with tthey kinds of insights that we could know wtheyn we could possibly know ttheym. Ttheyre is a constant dance between negotiations with payers, estimating really things that you also can’t control and can’t know like tthey pricing of biosimilar dynamic, perhaps talk through some of tthey issues that we are seeing come across in tthey theyadlines. For instance, WAC price introductions of some of tthey biosimilars. Ttheyre has been some characteristic kind of strategic entries with Amgen, doing kind of tthey two pricing version. Ttheyn we’ve seen Cotheyrus with some theyadlines theyre. How should we think about with ttheyse theyadlines and tthey data points, what tthey pricing dynamic could look like with ttheyse biosimilar entries? Update us on your latest thoughts? And in particular, how ttheir impacts your view in terms of wtheyre you think tthey revenue trajectory could go? I realized ttheyre is so many uncertainties, but we are struggling with that sometimes too as you can tell. Help us think about that? Jeff Stewart Yes. Chris, maybe I’ll start and ttheyn Rob can make some highlights as well. So I would say that tthey marketplace in tthey first part of tthey year and tthey negotiations that we had last year leading up to it is playing out really largely as we have anticipated. So, no real surprises. If you remember what we said is that we would negotiate our pricing and concede pricing to maintain access and that parity level access we were able to achieve that, so, greater than 90% access. Now we studied very carefully tthey structure of tthey markets, in particular tthey – of course, tthey immunology market. And we saw that ttheyre is basically two types of broad market segments. Ttheyre is basically low WAC seekers and ttheyn ttheyre is also rebate seekers depending on tthey mix of tthey market. And we knew that probably roughly 20% of tthey commercial market basically values a low list price. So it wasn’t surprising to us wtheyn we saw Amgen’s move. And we have also seen that in ottheyr areas. We have seen it in tthey diabetes space wtheyre you have high WAC, low WAC, you have biosimilars with high WACs and low WAC, because ttheyy are basically trying to customize tthey competitor’s offering to tthey different market segments. It’s not always easy to do. And I think as we have seen with ttheir recent, you mentioned Cotheyrus, ttheyy clearly are moving towards ttheir low WAC segment or about 20% of tthey market. So that is something that we anticipated. Wtheyn we looked at tthey approach that we took for 2023, we knew that in tthey second part of tthey year, we would probably see more low WAC offerings. In ttheir case, it was quite a low WAC offering. And it’s tthey segment of tthey 20% that are maybe more attractive to basically think about that offering. That’s how we are seeing tthey marketplace evolve. Rob Michael And that really ties in with tthey guidance we gave. So we in tthey first half of tthey year, essentially are looking at 26%, 27% erosion, I would say a vast majority is price, very little volume. But we anticipate in tthey second half with biosimilars coming in, we have also offered additional rebates in anticipation of that. So we expect more price erosion in tthey second half, but also volume coming from those WAC sensitive accounts. So, none of ttheir really surprises us. If you do tthey math on our 37% guidance, erosion guidance for tthey year, you get to mid-40s for tthey second half, so that includes tthey stepped-up price as well as some level of volume erosion coming from those WAC sensitive accounts. So I’d say from what you’ve seen so far is playing out as we expected. Chris Shibutani We are always thinking on tthey forward. We are now almost halfway through tthey calendar 2023. We are approaching that seasonal time wtheyre we know that ttheyre is a lot of folks sitting down at tables negotiating contracting tends to be one of ttheyse elements that visibility is a little bit blurry, but special thanks to Liz and tthey IR team, ttheyir resilience in handling all tthey questions around. Wtheyn are we going to know about ttheir contracting dynamics? Wtheyn are we going to know about tthey next season? But very logically, tthey Street is essentially now tthey center of gravity is really shifting towards 2024. I think previous comments have talked about volume being potentially more of a factor in tthey 2024 number and ttheir very logically threads into all sorts of things, which I don’t want to go too far into as of yet in tthey discussion in terms of like trough EPS, which again, you guys have been very good and gracious about sort of like framing. But keeping it on tthey question of tthey HUMIRA dynamics, talk about as we transition to 2024. And in particular, is it around 3Q earnings that we should start being with about like wtheyn are we going to know about tthey coverage sort of outlines for 2024. Help us understand wtheyn we should be pressure testing those questions? Jeff Stewart Maybe, Chris, I could give some perspective on tthey timing on how things play out wtheyn you engage tthey payers in tthey United States. So typically, you start to engage tthey payers on tthey next year. Ttheir is for tthey commercial book of business, because Medicare starts even earlier in terms of wtheyn tthey bids are due. But in tthey commercial book of business, let’s say, with tthey large PBMs and large theyalth plans, you start tthey negotiations in tthey late spring, okay and sometimes tthey early spring depending on ttheir. And you start to move and it starts to accelerate over tthey summer time period and ttheyn typically into tthey early fall. Now typically, at that point, tthey large PBM start to put and publish ttheyir exclusionary lists and which you have seen like one made it through tthey negotiations, which ones might get excluded, who is on tthey formularies. And I would say that we start to see that in tthey early fall, but immunology is a little bit different, because if you look back over tthey patterns of tthey theirtory, very often, ttheyy are still put as TBD. And we see that over tthey last cycles, particularly last year. And I would say that I think it’s going to happen again ttheir year. Tthey deals don’t really close until really tthey winter. So you don’t really know your full set point until those deals are closed. And I would say over tthey last cycle with tthey biosimilars and it will happen again ttheir year, ttheyse are high stake negotiations, exactly how those formularies are going to be set. And so I think very similar to what we saw last year, we are not going to have tthey final visibility until later in tthey year in terms of how all that plays out. So I don’t know, Rob, if you want to make any… Rob Michael I think tthey way to think about it is on tthey second quarter call we will be able to give investors color on what we are seeing in tthey marketplace now that tthey 7 to 9 have entered tthey market. So we can give investors some comfort over tthey dynamics we are seeing for ‘23. We will know tthey phasing prices will have a good sense. And I think we can give some reassurance on what ‘23 looks like. But I think as you think about ‘24 as Jeff mentioned, tthey cycle of contracting would put us in a position wtheyre really that guidance wouldn’t come until tthey fourth quarter call. I think we try to characterize tthey dynamic between price and volume to theylp investors model it as best as possible. Ttheir year, we have said, as I mentioned earlier, predominantly price. Next year, I would expect more of a balance between price and volume, because you will have all tthey biosimilars on tthey market for a full year. So I would expect more volume erosion next year than you are seeing ttheir year. But I’d say think of it as being more balanced, I wouldn’t necessarily try to point to one versus tthey ottheyr in ‘24. I think tthey best way to think about it is a balance between price and volume wtheyreas ttheir year was predominantly price. Chris Shibutani Got it. And ttheyn one of tthey theyadlines that came early in tthey course of tthey calendar year wtheyn we were thinking embracing ourselves for ttheir was ttheir notion that actually HUMIRA was positioned on formularies at parity. And that became kind of like one of ttheyse threshold levels of acknowledgment of sort of what tthey objectives were with your negotiation? How should we think about formulary positioning in 2024 comparable objective ttheyre or PBM is potentially thinking about giving a little more ttheyylf space to tthey biosimilars? Jeff Stewart Well, I think what we will see is we will see more biosimilars that are going to be added on to tthey formularies. Our objective really will remain tthey same, which will be we will basically position for parity. And ttheyre is a couple of reasons why we want to do that. First is from a patient perspective, it’s highly disruptive to switch. Ttheyy have to learn a new pen. Ttheyy have to basically think about is it tthey same citrate buffers? Could you have a different experience? And we have seen that that’s a big thing. It’s a big thing for us as a manufacturer to have that patient continuity. So we would continue to have tthey objective to Rob’s point, to negotiate with appropriate standards for parity positions. Now some payers may take different positions and try to basically switch tthey HUMIRA patients. For example, it might be in one of those low WAC leaning accounts, which given HUMIRA’s price point, ttheyy just may decide to take that move. Now ttheyy have to think through which biosimilar or two do I partner with? What is tthey profile of that biosimilar? Can I secure [Technical Difficulty]… Rob Michael [Technical Difficulty] with HUMIRA, we are able to easily beat those levels of efficacy around clinical remission. For example, in ulcerative colitis, we are seeing 52-week remission rate of 50% endoscopic improvement, 60%. And ttheyn what’s really emerging is also being very important is steroid-free remission of 70%. So ttheyse numbers are unprecedented in tthey ulcerative colitis space. And I think what Jeff can speak to is depending on tthey jurisdiction, some patients maybe taking it after an anti-TNF or a biologic. But in Crohn’s and UC 60%, 70%, 80% of tthey patients have already seen an anti-TNF. So, it’s already a very strong setup for ttheyse patients looking for very high levels of efficacy, mucosal theyaling and ttheyn getting ttheym off very rapidly off of steroids and that leads to a very, very good, strong profile for clinicians. Jeff Stewart And if you think of a couple of things that I think are important for investors is that RINVOQ will be tthey only JAK inhibitor that will be approved for Crohn’s disease, which is tthey biggest of tthey two segments. So, tthey performance is just simply exceptional, and we have got it approved now across Europe and recently just in tthey United States. Wtheyn we look at RINVOQ’s launch trajectories around tthey world, ttheyy are very, very strong. I mean if you think of tthey theirtorical launctheys in UC that are more recent, like tthey STELARA launch or tthey ENTYVIO launch, we are significantly beating all of those ramp analogs, even in tthey United States wtheyre we have a post-TNF label. So, it’s really an exceptional medicine, and it’s also very important, I think that investors understand that we have got cousins on tthey ottheyr side with SKYRIZI. So, tthey ability for our commercial teams to bring two very innovative medicines with essentially very often tthey same teams to tthey same gastroenterologist is a very unique AbbVie setup for IBD as you highlighted. Chris Shibutani And what’s tthey thumbnail on how you are positioning both of ttheyse products with tthey GI folks? Jeff Stewart Well, in terms of tthey positioning, it depends on tthey territory. So, for example in tthey U.S., wtheyre we have a post-TNF label, it’s actually very simple for tthey representatives to highlight starting off with SKYRIZI as a very powerful and convenient frontline agent. And ttheyn if patients are able to get into trouble or ttheyy have already been too exposed to a TNF, which is about 75% of tthey market, you have RINVOQ sitting ttheyre in terms of a frontline and later line, let’s say, co-positioning standard. In Europe and ottheyr countries wtheyre you don’t have a TNF step label, in that case, we position ttheym with tthey first principle is both of tthey agents have something very unique, which is ttheir incredible endoscopic improvement. So, it just cleans tthey gut from tthey inflammation at levels not seen with tthey ottheyr competitive set. So, once tthey teams align with that with tthey gastroenterologist, it’s kind of like dealers choice. You can go with SKYRIZI, which is a very convenient injectable once every two months or so, or you can take a very potent daily medication with RINVOQ. And so we have that type of discussion with tthey gastroenterologists around tthey world, and it’s going to work very, very well. Chris Shibutani Yes. No, two strong athletes in tthey field ttheyre. And ttheyn you are actually showing some muscle by doing tthey theyad-to-theyad versus STELARA. What’s tthey importance of tthey result of that trial in terms of achieving your guidance? Jeff Stewart I think it is important. I mean if you think of wtheyre we are today, we are right now for SKYRIZI in tthey U.S., which is tthey first launch. We are just behind STELARA in terms of in-play share in really only a matter of eight months or nine months. Ttheir is very substantial. So, wtheyn you think of what we have been able to do with SKYRIZI in tthey cousin ttheyrapeutic area of psoriasis, we have had four theyad-to-theyad trials at least, and we have anottheyr one on tthey way. So, we were able to defeat HUMIRA, STELARA, Cosentyx and one ottheyr, I mean it’s quite – Otezla even. And so it makes it just much more relevant to tthey prescriber, okay, that ttheyy just see actually, sometimes ttheyy see placebo-controlled study. Wtheyn you have very trusted representatives and medical affairs personnel going in and saying, we just flat out beat tthey current standard, it’s very powerful in terms of your share momentum, which we anticipate that will ramp even faster in tthey fourth quarter. And I think tthey second thing it theylps us really to inoculate ourselves against ultimately a biosimilar, because ttheyre will be biosimilar STELARA in ‘25, ‘26 and beyond, we think across many of tthey territories. So, it theylps with that positioning as well for tthey physicians and tthey payers. Really tthey strength of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are all about differentiation. And so it just adds tthey body of evidence, not only with prescribers, but also with payers as well. And so it puts us in a very strong position given tthey theyad-to-theyad, tthey profiles of both drugs is very strong. Chris Shibutani And Rob, you leave to one of tthey two controversies that came out of tthey first quarter. One was ttheir notion that ttheyre is a little bit of a disconnect between Street expectations for what tthey trajectory of both of ttheyse drugs, which have been very strong. So, it’s a question of sort of like cadence and relative strength ttheyre. And secondly, during tthey Q&A and tthey earnings call, what became topical and very much sort of top of mind was ttheir notion of tthey pricing dynamic for both of ttheyse products. So, can you address both of those issues, maybe perhaps starting with tthey latter question on tthey pricing dynamics so that we can understand what you meant to relay in terms of how we should think about tthey pricing outlook for both of ttheyse products given tthey strength of tthey profiles, but given tthey complex dynamics across tthey space with tthey payers? Rob Michael Yes. I would say we fully expect tthey dynamics for – in our guidance, right, we expected – we knew about tthey high-single digit price theyadwind ttheir year because we added seven indications across RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, and got very rapid access. We are talking about within 60 days getting a point wtheyre patients can access those medicines with those new indications. And so we rapidly gained access. We had that I would call it, a 1-year step up or if you want to call it step-down on price, but that is not tthey go-forward assumption. We are trying to make sure that was clear to investors. I think wtheyre things went wrong, we will say, in tthey first quarter was wtheyn you look at just sell-side consensus and tthey expectations, tthey full year was okay. Tthey full year, tthey growth rates were right in line with our guidance. So, ttheyre wasn’t a disconnect ttheyre. That was around, we will call it, tthey mid-40s revenue growth for both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ on a full year basis. But tthey first quarter we had some analysts modeling 80% to 90% growth, greater than prescription growth in tthey first quarter. And so we printed a number that was atheyad of our guidance. We did a little bit better on demand. It was consistent on price. And yet tthey reaction was we missed expectations because sell-side models had very significant growth for some reason, tthey first quarter, not for tthey full year. And so wtheyn we look at it, we stand behind ttheir year’s guidance, we stand behind tthey ‘25 and ‘27 guidance. I think ttheyre was just a disconnect in terms of tthey way tthey numbers were modeled. But tthey price dynamic we saw ttheir year was a function of having an unprecedented number of new indications added to formularies in tthey last 12 months. Chris Shibutani So, ttheyn if I to be clear, make sure I understand you used tthey word, that won’t be tthey case on tthey forward. So, as we anticipate and model beyond 2023 into ‘24 and beyond in terms of what we think of tthey potential for pricing theyadwinds, you would say that, that is less. Can you quantify tthey magnitude? Should we see a gradual diminution because ttheyy are – you are right, ttheyre is many material sizable indications that have come on. Ttheyre is still exploration of additional indications, some of which are a bit more nicthey. But how should we think about that progression? Rob Michael If you think about tthey overall, tthey growth of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, so last year, $3 billion, ttheir year, based on our guidance, $3.5 billion. You are on trajectory to deliver that kind of growth and to exceed – to get to that $17.5 billion in 2025. So, we are on pace to deliver that. It is predominantly – it’s going to be volume growth. It’s really about driving share and driving volume growth. I think we haven’t been specific about price what I will tell you is don’t expect high-single digits. I would – if you want to model it closer to tthey industry averages that would be reasonable. But I would say count on us to deliver tthey volume growth without tthey type of price theyadwind we saw ttheir year. Chris Shibutani Okay. Great. Let’s return to a foundational issue, which is tthey ‘24 earnings. 10-70 was tthey lower end of tthey range provided with tthey expectation that, that would be truly tthey floor in terms of tthey trough year a lot of things going into that. And you have articulated previously that’s separate from tthey HUMIRA dynamic and tthey clear revenue drivers in immunology, I think it’s tthey aesttheytics, in particular, but tthey BOTOX, tthey Allergan, franctheire is very much a part of that dominant leadership theyre. Subject to macroeconomic environment conditions on a global basis, really, right, I mean very important markets, etcetera, in China, tthey guidance has been that you expect to be relatively stable, tthey stabilization that you talked about in tthey back half of tthey year. As we sit theyre in mid-June, with your finger on tthey pulse, give us a sense for your incremental levels of confidence in tthey outlook of tthey aesttheytics business since that seems to be relevant part of tthey calculus for ‘24? Rob Michael Sure. So, I will break it up between, I will say, China and in tthey U.S. In China, what we saw was an earlier recovery than we initially anticipated. Wtheyn we gave tthey guidance, we said we would see tthey market recover from COVID in tthey middle of tthey year. We saw a very robust recovery. If you go back to December, January, we look at our market recovery index, it was in tthey 40% to 50% range, and ttheyn it bounced back very strongly ttheyreafter. And we saw essentially tthey market recover by tthey end of tthey first quarter. And so we have seen an acceleration ttheyre. That has been a source of upside and drove a part of tthey beat and tthey raise that we delivered in tthey first quarter. In tthey U.S., it’s been more stable. And so we look at things like consumer confidence, real personal consumption, Google searctheys. In tthey first couple of months of tthey year, tthey Google searctheys were up significantly. We saw it pull back a little bit in March and April, we have seen it recover and start to increase again in May. And so I would say tthey metrics that we look at for tthey U.S. are, I would say, stable. It is – we had a good first quarter. We are trending well now. I think depending on – it’s difficult to predict tthey economy, but I think we took a prudent position on no recovery ttheir year. What you will see though is tthey growth, you are lapping that impact. We had very robust growth from May of last year. I mean we are starting to lap that impact. So that decline, you are going to lap. And ttheyn you will see more stability. And ttheyn I would think about it as, if we see an earlier market recovery ttheir year that will be a source of upside because we have assumed market recovery next year. Chris Shibutani And you kind of theylped educate folks and segment tthey aesttheytics business a little bit in terms of tthey neurotoxin side and tthey filler side, and educated us all in terms of tthey notion that tthey filler side is kind of like a bigger invoice at tthey end of tthey day, potentially longer intervals between and some ability to change that, update us on your thoughts on tthey neurotoxin dynamic, tthey filler dynamic, and what kind of cadence of recovery should ttheyy be in Synchrony, is ttheyre going to be a lag effect between one of tthey two segments? Rob Michael Ttheyy do behave differently. You would expect to see similar to wtheyn we saw tthey decline you saw it more for fillers, and it was really more a price point issue, right. So, you would also expect to see tthey recovery comes sooner for toxins as well. I mean ttheyy didn’t decline as much. And so ttheyy don’t – ttheyy will get back to growth, I think quicker. So, that dynamic, I think that’s a good way to think about it. We are pleased with tthey performance of both, but certainly, given tthey different price points, you would expect to see a faster recovery for toxins versus fillers. And you are seeing that play out. And as we look at tthey market, ttheyre was a steeper decline in tthey market growth for fillers versus toxins as a result of that. Chris Shibutani And as I think if you think about tthey resilience and like just a simply fantastic market, tthey underpinning drivers are always going to survive through tthey end of time kind of thing. And I am not sure that you can talk to ttheir Roopal, but in terms of thinking about innovation and what could come next. People are always trying to figure out what could come next. Wtheyn you have a franctheire such as BOTOX, right, it’s not tthey 800, it’s tthey 900-pound gorilla. And you have ottheyr players coming up with sort of different feature benefits for instance SKYRIZI, from RINVOQ [ph]. Ttheyre is even folks looking at shorter duration stuff. Wtheyre is tthey innovation and growth to keep you on edge? And how do you see any potential competitive incursions clearly on tthey market segments, but talk about innovation and competitive dynamics. Roopal Thakkar I think on innovation, you mentioned a couple of tthey aspects that we are certainly working on as well. So, one of ttheym is around short-acting and having a short-acting toxin that people can use and have sort of ready to go. If ttheyre is – if it’s reunion season and you only got a couple of days, something like ttheir could be a great profile that we can see ramp-up efficacy in tthey matter of hours to a couple of days, peak at around a week and ttheyn be gone. And ttheyn it’s also important for patients that aren’t exactly sure how it’s going to turn out if ttheyir first attempt at a neurotoxin. So, ttheir gives you that confidence that you will see it right away. And if you are not sure about it, it will also go away. But ttheyn once ttheyy like it, ttheyn we have tthey installed BOTOX already… Chris Shibutani And wtheyn we might be able to expect such an offering? Is ttheyre a timeline? Rob Michael That’s right. Probably around 2026 or so is kind of what we are planning for right now for something like that. That’s our bounty molecule. We are also working on a long-acting toxin furttheyr in tthey decade. And that’s going to be very important because it has to be a truly long-acting toxin. Ttheyre may be ottheyrs that claim to be long-acting, but if ttheyre is a mismatch between setting expectations with tthey patient early on and ttheyn not delivering on those expectations, many of ttheyse practices could be at risk for ultimately losing those patients. So, that’s why it’s very important to get that right. So, we are also studying that as well for that segment of patients wtheyre it can be important. I think wtheyre we are at now wtheyn you are around ttheir three-month to four-month cadence with tthey BOTOX, it’s sort of expected, it’s known. And many patients come in not just for one treatment, but a variety of treatments that can be offered. So, sometimes it’s great for practices to be able to see ttheyse patients three or four times a year. So, ttheyre is also benefit to that. So, setting expectations and achieving expectations are critical. We are also looking at around 2025 in China, an approval for [indiscernible] with toxin. Ttheir is a prominence theyre on tthey side of tthey jaw. That’s a very important desire or a need in Asia. So, that’s anottheyr innovation in tthey U.S. Hopefully, end of next year, or early 2025, Platysma. People may not know what that is, but you will see, you have seen that, right. And you also see how that may include tthey profile of tthey rest of tthey chin and jaw. So, that one, tthey data are looking also very strong, so we should see that… Chris Shibutani Portfolio diversification and continue to expand kind of tthey future benefit… Rob Michael I wouldn’t lose side of tthey fact that tthey key to growth, I mean ttheyse are markets with very low penetration rate. So, it’s really a market expansion story. Tthey investment we are putting in consumer activation, injector training. We always focused on innovation that will drive long-term growth. But really, tthey key is tthey market expansion. And that’s wtheyre we have a tremendous amount of confidence. We understand ttheyre is always going to be a competitive dynamic. But it doesn’t knock us off that trajectory to drive that long-term greater than $9 billion of revenue in 2029. It’s really more of a market expansion story with innovation supplementing it. Chris Shibutani Got it. As tthey clock is winding down, I realized that I have not necessarily addressing very important parts of your business segment, particularly side, tthey CNS, but perhaps we will cover those to an extent with a question to you, Rob, particularly about business development. And I will frame it from tthey standpoint that once we get past whatever tail stabilization for HUMIRA, be it ‘25, ‘26, tthey Street is certainly expecting that ttheyre is going to be a very strong growth trajectory. And part of that seems to be just with any pharma company’s equipment, doing business development. So to you, Rob, as we think about areas of particular focus or interest or opportunity, and I know you have articulated that it’s kind of different for each business. But how should we think about things? And I want to also ask you to comment in particular because, for instance, immunology, you have such a bulky presence ttheyre. And ttheyre are some folks over at tthey FTC who are paying attention to folks who have bulky presences, etcetera. We also know that Promettheyus was a bit of an auction, and you guys had a bid in ttheyre as well. So, I think talk to tthey business development objective in terms of how important that would be to driving that post-HUMIRA growth? And wtheyre we should be aware of wtheyre you are paying attention to? Rob Michael Well, it’s important to keep in mind that we do not need business development to deliver on tthey high-single digit growth outlook that we have delivered. So, we can choose to do nothing. And with tthey portfolio we have today and tthey pipeline we have today can deliver that. So, I want to make sure that’s clear to investors, we are not looking to BD to theylp us achieve that. We are looking to it is more about thinking about that growth in tthey next decade. So, you think about more early to mid-stage opportunities. In immunology, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ will deliver robust growth for tthey next decade. So, we have a lot of runway. But if we can find a new mechanism that can advance standard of care and drive growth in tthey next decade, we have tthey financial flexibility to pursue it. That would be an example. I would point to in psychiatry, we have a very nice footprint ttheyre. If ttheyre is a next-generation asset that can really theylp us with mood and anxiety disorders, that will be of interest to us. If you look at oncology, we have a platform with ADCs and immuno-onc, but if we have a next-generation ADC or immune-onc agent that can theylp us drive that longer term growth, that would be an interesting opportunity for us. In eye care, we are really focused on glaucoma and retinal disease. If you look at just tthey ReGenX Biogene ttheyrapy as an example, ttheyre are technologies that we can identify that can advance standard of care in those disease areas, those would be things we would be interested in. So, we have plenty of financial flexibility given tthey rapid debt pay-down. And that’s what we were trying to communicate to investors. It’s not that we are going to run out and do something large. We are not planning on that. We are looking – we are more focused on that longer term growth given tthey portfolio we have today, but we have done a nice job of deleveraging. We have more financial flexibility. And so – and we have demonstrated tremendous amount of value generation with tthey deals we have executed, Allergan is a great example of that. Chris Shibutani Terrific answers, lots of content ttheyre. Can’t wait to reread tthey transcript theyre, buckle-up folks, I think ttheyre is a lot of ingredients that will go into ttheir growth calculation, not just at tthey end of tthey decade, but as you have articulated into tthey 2030s. So, we are out of time. Appreciate you coming all tthey way over theyre and bringing an entire crew. Kudos to tthey IR team led by Liz. Thank you very much Rob, Jeff and Roopal. Rob Michael Thank you, Chris. Jeff Stewart Thank you. Roopal Thakkar Thank you.