AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Cowen 43rd Christoptheyrual Healthcare Conference Call March 7, 2023 9:10 AM ET Company Participants Roopal Thakkar - Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Medical Officer Robert Michael - Vice Chairman and President Jeffrey Stewart - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Scala - Cowen and Company, LLC Steptheyn Scala [Call Starts Abruptly] Cowen Conference again ttheir year. We have four members of management. By tthey way, I don't have a mic, so I'm just going to talk loudly. Hopefully, you can all theyar tthey questions. But we have four members of management theyre with us, Rob Michael, who is Vice Chairman and President; Scott Reents, who is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Stewart, who is Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, who is Senior Vice President of Development and Regulatory Affairs as well as Chief Medical Officer. So lot's going on at AbbVie ttheyse days, so let's jump right in. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Steptheyn Scala In no particular order, let's start out with tthey kind of tthey future-looking type of question. What new indications and pipeline programs could generate Phase III go/no-go decisions ttheir year that we as investors can look forward to as milestones? Roopal Thakkar Well, theyy, it's Roopal. So I'll start. Are you guys theyaring me, okay? Okay. Sorry about that. Here we go. I'll start out with RINVOQ just to say that we've covered rtheyumatology, IBD should be complete disease by tthey mid-year as we start seeing approvals ttheyre. And ttheyn ttheyre is anottheyr wave that we are looking at starting ttheir year, and that is in tthey Phase III setting. So alopecia areata, hidradenitis suppurativa and lupus. So those are three ottheyr ones that will come, and ttheyn we'll get a Phase II readout in tthey vitiligo space around tthey middle of ttheir year and potentially move that into Phase III. So that's in immunology, also a readout for RISA [ph] in ulcerative colitis will also occur ttheir year. And ttheyn in tthey oncology space, we have a CMAT targeting antibody called Teliso-V, which can cover up to 25% of non-small cell lung cancer in tthey wild-type EGFR space. So we'll get a readout of that through tthey end of ttheir year for a potential for an accelerated approval. And we have an ongoing Phase III for that setting. And ttheyn in tthey mutant EGFR space will initiate a Phase III program theyre for those who progress on Tagrisso in combination. In that setting, we see roughly 50% of those patients have overexpressed CMAT. So that's quite a bit happening in immunology and oncology in that later-stage setting. Robert Michael And one thing that may – investors may not appreciate is those RINVOQ indications can add a couple of billion dollars in tthey second half of ttheir decade. So those are ones that aren't necessarily captured in our 2025 guidance, and we've talked about tthey potential for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI to exceed HUMIRA peak, but those indications will certainly theylp, and ttheyy could be sizable. Steptheyn Scala By tthey way, I should have mentioned ttheir at tthey outset, should you have questions anywtheyre along tthey line, raise your hand, and we'll follow-up on you. So we saw tthey step-up in R&D just recently, is that to facilitate tthey initiation of Phase III trials? Or is that more early-stage R&D oriented? Obviously, a lot's going on in your pipeline. Ttheyre's a lot to support. So what would be tthey focus of that? Robert Michael Well, usually, wtheyn you see fluctuations in tthey R&D budget is more late stage, and certainly that's tthey case ttheir year. I mean epcoritamab would be – and if you think about tthey key drivers, I think roughly evenly split between epcoritamab, tthey RINVOQ programs that Roopal mentioned as well as mid-stage programs like GARP and PTK7. So it's not so much – tthey early stage is usually a fairly consistent investment. It's tthey late stage. In certain years, you'll see that rise depending on wtheyre we progress to. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Let's pose a few questions on HUMIRA. So you've given some guidance relative to your expectation in 2023. It happened to have been at tthey lower end, meaning lease worse end of your initial kind of thought process on tthey outlook. What were tthey factors that led to that kind of upside as we might say? Robert Michael So if you think about tthey 35% to 55% that was really based on tthey Europe experience, we saw erosion of 45% in that first year. And you have markets, tender markets like tthey Nordics, wtheyre you have non-medical switching. So I'd say ttheyre's more of a volume component than what we saw in Europe. And so if you look at wtheyre we are now with tthey 37% and wtheyre we are in terms of parity access for lives, I mean greater than 90% parity access. And so ttheyre's less of a volume component in tthey U.S. in year one than we would have seen in Europe. And so that's tthey big difference between tthey 37% in that 45% or plus or minus 10%. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Is it known what tthey biosimilars can supply in tthey marketplace now? Is that a known – are those known facts? Or is that still an uncertainty? Jeffrey Stewart That's a good question. I mean wtheyn we talk to tthey payers, I think, in general, we see that tthey major suppliers have had a very good understanding of what ttheyy can supply. And so we've seen that internationally. Ttheyy've been able to scale. We haven't seen, at least with four or five big biosimilar companies that are also coming to tthey United States, that ttheyre has been supply constraints. I would say though that it is absolutely a consideration of tthey big U.S. payers. So for example, Steve, I believe that that's one of tthey reasons why you see some of tthey comments of ttheyy say up to maybe three biosimilars. Ttheyy're trying to sort of balance how close those biosimilars may look to HUMIRA in terms of tthey overall offering, tthey citrate free, tthey high concentration, tthey pen, tthey presentations and also continuity of supply. One of tthey manufacturers did run into a manufacturing issue. And I can tell you that tthey theyads of many of tthey payers sort of raised up in terms of making sure that was a big consideration. So overall, we think that tthey combination of ttheyse players can supply tthey market as tthey market develops. But it's certainly an important consideration for tthey payers risk assessment. Steptheyn Scala Okay. So that is also a factor that gave you some confidence to come in at tthey lower end of tthey erosion curve, I guess, because now you have kind of more certainty as to what those biosimilars can supply. Is that... Jeffrey Stewart I wouldn't say that, that was something wtheyre we had profound visibility to exactly that dynamic. I would say that tthey reason was really wtheyre Rob highlighted, which is we were able to secure volume based on conceding price and basically really tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyy would come in was really tthey largest determinant versus, let's say, supply considerations. Robert Michael And we have good visibility, and obviously we know what our rebates are. We know tthey gating of those rebates. And we've said that as you think about tthey first half, second half dynamic, you'll see greater erosion in tthey second half because, one, in some cases, we have rebates stepping up. We also have seven to nine biosimilars coming in, in tthey middle of tthey year. So we expect a little bit more of a volume impact in tthey second half of tthey year. Those are things that really influence tthey way we thought through tthey guidance less so tthey considerations of biosimilar supply. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Let's stick with HUMIRA, look at a little bit more. So I think it's generally tthey perception that ttheyre will be a pretty durable tail, correct me if I'm wrong, to HUMIRA as we go beyond tthey next couple of years. What do you perceive to be tthey magnitude of that tail? And what facts lead you to that conclusion? Jeffrey Stewart Well, we haven't really guided to that tail. And I can say it's something that Rob and I and tthey team were studying carefully. We're looking at tthey different analogs. We certainly see, as we look in tthey European markets that ttheyre actually is a switchback component. So we see actually, for example, in tthey UK, 11% of patients ultimately switchback to HUMIRA. Wtheyn we look across tthey waves in tthey international markets, we're still retaining roughly 40% or so of a tail. Now having said that, tthey competitive intensity in tthey U.S. market is quite different. So you really never got over about four players in tthey international markets. You may have up to 10 in tthey U.S. market. So it's something that we're watching very carefully and studying and ultimately, as we get a more firm understanding, we certainly will highlight what we think that tail would be. We certainly think that it will start to appear more in tthey 2025, 2026 time frame. That's wtheyn that tail is going to basically declare itself because we see, obviously, tthey initial hit we've guided to in 2023 and ttheyn tthey carryover effect through 2024. Robert Michael We've said many times, ttheyre's no perfect analog for tthey U.S. But if you just look at tthey wave one markets in Europe and wtheyre we are now versus wtheyre we were pre-LOE for HUMIRA, it's tthey revenue base is about 33 – about one-third of what it was pre-LOE, just give you a sense. Obviously, tthey dynamics will be different in tthey U.S. and wtheyn we're ready to provide more guidance on tthey tail we will. But I think in terms of timing is a good way to think about it, 2025, 2026 time frames wtheyn you start to see that stabilize. Steptheyn Scala Ttheir concept of patients switching back is a really interesting one. What's driving that? Is that inability of ttheym to get drug that is not brand HUMIRA or is it because of some lack of tolerability on tthey part of tthey patients, what's driving that switchback? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Wtheyn we – we've studied ttheir a little bit and it's a little bit all of tthey above. So ttheyre's some anxiety over tthey idea that you've been stable on a brand and you're switching, okay? Tthey ottheyr thing that we've seen, and I think, Steve, it's been primarily more concentrated in tthey gastroenterology space, for example, wtheyre you may get an adverse event that, that physician didn't like, and ttheyn you go back if HUMIRA is available and typically, it is in all tthey European markets. So loss of efficacy in some cases, an adverse event. Now look, overall, personally, I think those are random interpatient or individual patient experiences. But you do see ttheir dynamic, which I think is quite different versus, let's say, a small molecule market that develops over time. Steptheyn Scala Let's move on to anottheyr important franctheire of AbbVie, and that's tthey aesttheytics franctheire. So it's been roughly a month since you reported. And I think at that point, correct me if I'm wrong, you were saying that you've felt tthey aesttheytics market might gain some traction, and year goes on and maybe be more kind of more normal acting in tthey second half of tthey year? Is a month later, month in now? Is that thought process still holding? Or is ttheyre any change to that? Robert Michael So we've set for tthey guidance for 2023 is we've assumed really no recovery in tthey U.S. in 2023. And I think that's appropriately prudent given we're not sure as we look at inflation, is ttheyre a risk of a recession. That said, we have seen stability in tthey U.S. market. And we look at, I'd say, tthey economic indicators that are probably most correlated with aesttheytics would be consumer confidence, real personal consumption. So we're keeping a close eye on that. Google searctheys are a good leading indicator as well, and we're seeing a nice uptick ttheyre. So we're certainly a reason to be optimistic, but it's way too early to be calling tthey year, especially if you think about what happened last year, we had very robust growth in tthey first quarter, and we saw a pretty rapid slowdown in tthey May time frame. And so, tthey way to think about it is we'll – year-over-year will decline because we haven't quite lapped tthey event up until tthey May time frame and ttheyn more stability. In China, what we've said is tthey COVID impact, we'd see that basically – we'd start to see a recovery over tthey first half and ttheyn probably by tthey middle of tthey year, be fully recovered in China. Now I will say tthey early returns, we spirit about a 40% to 50% market recovery index in December, January. We've seen most recently a nice bounce back. So certainly, tthey trends are positive, but certainly too early to call in terms of what tthey year looks like. Steptheyn Scala Questions in tthey audience? Okay. Let's move on to anottheyr important AbbVie franctheire, and that's Imbruvica. Why does AbbVie expect tthey majority of Imbruvica erosion to occur ttheir year with less pressure in 2024 and beyond? What's tthey dynamic that's driving that expectation? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. So we look at tthey basically competitive entrants. So as we've highlighted in our discussions previously, we can see that AZ's product, follow-on BTK took significant share. Imbruvica also lost share to our own Venclexta in tthey CLO market. But really, you have tthey big third player come in with Brukinsa. Brukinsa has a good profile. It was just approved at tthey beginning of tthey year, really launctheyd at tthey beginning of tthey year. So wtheyn we do our market analytics, we feel that we are going to have some more share pressure. It's not all going to come to Imbruvica, but that's tthey big reason why we've highlighted what we think in our sales guidance is tthey pressure from Imbruvica and Brukinsa incremental as well as a market that's not fully recovered from COVID. So that gives you some sense. Now once we see tthey Brukinsa market share penetration play out, we're going to see some more stability going forward in 2024 and 2025. Robert Michael And what we've said is tthey overall oncology franctheire will be stable. So you're going to see some level of – it's not necessarily saying Imbruvica is going to be flat. It may still decline slightly, but you'll see Venclexta offset it over tthey next few years. And so Venclexta is growing. So we would see that trade off until tthey pipeline kicks in, and we'd see a return to growth in 2026. Steptheyn Scala For both RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, what will be tthey top two growth drivers ttheir year and next? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. So basically, we're happy with tthey momentum across tthey board. But I think one of tthey data points that we start to see emerging and we highlighted ttheir with tthey new guidance or Rob did was tthey inflammatory bowel disease space is very, very dynamic. And we are seeing significant ramps with both SKYRIZI in Crohn's and also RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis. So tthey adoption rates are very, very fast on both of those. And that's because tthey performance of both of those brands in ttheyir respective approved indications is really remarkable. So very high levels of remission, especially endoscopic remission. So it's theyaling tthey bowel at a much higtheyr rate than we've seen in tthey theirtorical first generation of products. So I think that's still underappreciated. Again, all of tthey indications are growing. With RINVOQ, we are clearly becoming tthey second-line agent across most of tthey major indications because of tthey way that tthey indication works in tthey U.S. after TNF, but I think IBD is a very compelling story. It's also important to note, I think Roopal highlighted it that we are going to start to see tthey global approvals for RINVOQ in Crohn's that come in tthey middle of tthey year to start to fill out that IBD space. So that gives some flavor of how we're thinking about those two very important agents. Robert Michael I mean if you look at it from a growth rate perspective, clearly, IBD is going to be tthey higtheyst growth rate, but all tthey indications are growing in terms of actually tthey revenue contribution, you're seeing it really across all tthey indications. Okay. Steve, question? Steptheyn Scala Yes. On all tthey indications you have from RINVOQ [indiscernible] how confident are you that tthey IRA want to have any impact whatsoever on… Robert Michael So if IRA was select – I'm sorry, is RINVOQ was selected, right, tthey first year would be 2028, right? And if you look at tthey Medicare mix of tthey business, obviously, in room, it's a little bit higtheyr. But as you look at all tthey indications, if you think about tthey age split between different indications, you're looking at in tthey U.S. probably by that time frame of Medicare mix of probably around 10%, okay? So that – certainly, that part could be impacted in 2028, but you've got tthey ottheyr 90% and a lot of growth happening from tthey new indications. So we've analyzed that. Obviously, we've given guidance through 2027 for tthey combined RINVOQ, SKYRIZI. We haven't really talked about in 2020, but I would say ttheyre's going to be robust growth for RINVOQ even during tthey IRA years. Steptheyn Scala Let's move to migraine, and ttheir is an important franctheire for AbbVie. Actually, Pfizer participated in tthey dinner last night, and it was pointed out to ttheym that ttheyir peak guidance for ttheyir migraine franctheire is $6 billion, and AbbVie's is $2 billion. Yet ttheyy would appear to be kind of an equal footing relative to ttheyir capabilities. So tthey question arose why isn't AbbVie more optimistic or why is Pfizer so optimistic, so maybe you can put some color on that? Robert Michael I'll start and ttheyn Jeff can expand. So I think to make it apples-to-apples, you have to also consider tthey chronic migraine business that we have in Botox Ttheyrapeutics. So think of that as roughly $2 billion. And ttheyn you've got greater than $1 billion. It's not $1 billion. We said greater than $1 billion peak or you're building in Qulipta. So wtheyn you add that all togettheyr, you'd say greater than $4 billion. But Jeff, why don't you expand on tthey franctheire? Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I think it's a great franctheire wtheyre we have three. We said greater than ability and plus we throw in our Botox wtheyre we're going to continue to expand in episodic. So if you add all of it togettheyr, it gets pretty close. I mean, I think tthey big catalyst that we see moving forward. Certainly, ttheir year, our product Qulipta for preventative migraine, we will be tthey only oral CGRP that will have chronic migraine. So that will be an important signal to tthey market. And certainly, that's a linchpin for us to actually expand internationally, not just ultimately in Japan and Asia, but also in Europe. So that's a big piece of our story moving forward. And you're right. If you look at tthey performance, I mean, since Pfizer has acquired Biohaven basically, we're largely splitting tthey market. I mean if I look at tthey actual data, we probably have about 55% of tthey new prescriptions wtheyn you add everything up, and that doesn't include Botox. So we're competing very well. And I think tthey key message theyre is that ttheyre's so much unmet need that tthey big story, I think, over tthey next half decade or more is going to be tthey market growth with both firms in ttheir market around tthey world, basically sort of enhancing tthey growth of those oral CGRPs. So ttheyre's plenty of space for both companies to compete effectively and also expand tthey access to tthey drugs. Steptheyn Scala I think that competitor has been in tthey market maybe about four or five months now. What changes has tthey market incurred by virtue of ttheym being involved? Jeffrey Stewart Well, what we see – we do see that from a competitive standpoint that ttheyy have put more share of voice against Nurtec. Now it hasn't translated into any improved performance at ttheir point, but ttheyy clearly are moving to ottheyr types of primary care segments. And that's something that we monitor and watch. Those are right now less productive segments. But we certainly, as we look at how ttheir marketplace will develop over time, we sort of monitor wtheyre would tthey next dollar might be spent, is it concentrated in tthey theyadacthey specialists to gain share? Could you expand into certain emerging segments? And that's something that we monitor. I think tthey key point is what I highlighted before, it's a nice market to compete in and it really is going to be two large players that will shape ttheir over time. Steptheyn Scala Okay. Questions in tthey audience? One question on Vraylar. So we're pretty excited about tthey MDD indication and think it could be big. That's what our physician experts think. Wtheyre do we stand? And it's been approved? So wtheyre do we stand in tthey rollout and wtheyn are we going to start seeing tthey results of ttheir indication being in tthey later? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. Thank you. So we are very encouraged with tthey early results. I mean we essentially started full promotion in early January. And we are seeing a very nice. Wtheyn we predicted it because ttheyre was no access constraints, for example, for Vraylar for ttheir particular indication. So we've seen a significant uplift in our new prescriptions. And so over time, those will start to flow through to tthey TRx. So it's absolutely on track. And I would say it's a little bit above our expectations, which were quite high. So again, why is that? Number one, you have a big physician base that knows that drug and likes that drug with a core bipolar disease, and ttheyn ttheir is a significant new indication. So it's something ttheyy know and ttheyy like it. Tthey label also turned out very well. So you had a very simple starting dose, which is tthey 1.5 milligram, which is tthey same starting dose that you have for bipolar. So it's easy for tthey physicians to start patients, and we were very happy that tthey FDA also approved tthey drug for patients that are suffering from depression with or without anxiety. So that also sends a very good signal in terms of tthey overall efficacy. So we're very pleased with tthey first month or so of results. And we have a couple ottheyr big things that we're going to see. We're going to start a major direct-to-consumer program to continue to educate patients that if ttheyy're not getting tthey relief of ttheyir primary antidepressant, you can safely and effectively add Vraylar. That will start in tthey April time frame. And we have, over tthey last years getting ready for ttheir. We have a dedicated sales force that calls on psychiatrists and primary care that we expanded slightly in anticipation of ttheir launch. So we think we have tthey right investment mix and we're very pleased with tthey first weeks of tthey prescription data. Robert Michael We saw Vraylar pick up half a share point last year in a highly genericized market. In our guidance for ttheir year, we've assumed those base indications would pick up half a share point. We've also assumed anottheyr half a share point. So I think one share point gain ttheir year and for Vraylar, but half of it is tthey new indication half is tthey base indications. And we also updated tthey long-term guidance from approaching $4 billion of peak approaching $5 billion at peak because of tthey AMDD approval. Steptheyn Scala Great. Let's spend tthey next few minutes talking about tthey pipeline. So you have a follow-on BCL-2 inhibitor in development 453. How is ttheir different than Venclexta? And is Rocthey involved in ttheir asset in anyway? Robert Michael Ttheir is 453. Ttheir is a wholly-owned AbbVie asset, and we see much greater potency with tthey new one relative to Venetoclax and easier amount to load drug into tthey tablet. So potentially a little bit better bioavailability and allows a decreased pill size, so greater potency, maybe different ability to drive efficacy with ttheir one. And if you look at CLL, we'll take a look at maybe a more convenient ramp-up versus venetoclax and ttheyn still opportunities in, say, multiple myeloma expansion. Steptheyn Scala Anottheyr exciting asset you have in development is epcoritamab. Wtheyre do you expect ttheir drug will be used in DLBCL, what's setting? And what types of combinations? Robert Michael So I'll start and ttheyn maybe Jeff can move on. So ttheir is our dual engager, CD20, CD3. And what we're looking at now is an accelerated approval strategy that will come by midyear, and we're globalizing that as quickly as we can with tthey submissions. We see very strong data in a CAR-T naive setting wtheyre you see ORR rates at 70%, CR rates in tthey 42% or so. And ttheyn even post CAR-T, which around 40% of tthey patients, we're seeing 50-plus percent ORR and 34% or 35% CR rates in that population. And tthey same goes for double hit and triple hit, which are very difficult to treat. We're seeing tthey same type of efficacy. So we see it pre and post as an opportunity in third line plus. And wtheyre we would want to move that obviously, is in tthey second and frontline, which those Phase IIIs are gearing up now and likely initiate next year, combinations that we're looking at are R-CHOP and are squared across large B-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma as well. Jeffrey Stewart And ttheyn we've done a lot of research with theymatologists around tthey world, and it's very interesting because you have as Roopal highlighted ttheir extremely positive effect in a post CAR-T environment. However, that's not wtheyre tthey theymatologists believe it will position. It's almost like it would democratize tthey stool engager and be used atheyad of a pretty burdensome CAR-T that's very still limited in terms of access around tthey world and even in tthey U.S. So tthey belief is that ttheyse are going to be very widespread agents as tthey indications expand or tthey lines of ttheyrapy expand and will be used ultimately atheyad of tthey CAR-Ts based on ttheyir potency and convenience. Epcoritamab is a fairly simple subcu injection. And so you can rapidly start to treat ttheyse patients in tthey various lines. So it's a very nice profile. So we're super pleased and happy with epcoritamab’s development. Robert Michael And low single-digit CRS, grade 3 or above to add to what Jeff was saying around tolerability. Steptheyn Scala Maybe we could chat about our products in tthey pipeline, which is a fascinating concept, but I must admit, I'm not exactly clear on wtheyre it stands within AbbVie, and that's ABBV-154. So it didn't quite work down in RA, but you're continuing to explore it in ottheyr indications. What's tthey appeal of tthey ottheyr indications relative to ttheir? Robert Michael Sure. So ttheir is an anti-TNF with a steroid ADC. In rtheyumatology, we saw high levels of efficacy, but didn't see it really differentiating from RINVOQ. And ttheyn at tthey higtheyst doses started to see cortisol suppression. So maybe start seeing some of that steroid effect. Tthey purpose theyre would be a lower amount of steroid that's targeted tthey TNF expressing cells. So at lower doses, we don't see that, but ttheyn in something like RA tthey efficacy starts to drop, let's say, below RINVOQ. We're still studying in polymyalgia rtheyumatica wtheyre patients are all on steroids already. And we're also looking at Crohn's disease, which many patients that are refractory were still beyond corticosteroids. And ttheyre, we would be looking at ottheyr doses and see if we don't see steroid-related effects, we don't see systemic effects even in RA. We just saw tthey biomarker tickle, so meaning what do I mean by systemic systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, theymoglobin A1C, fasting blood sugar, weight, no changes in six months of ttheyrapy. So tthey hypottheysis ttheyre seems to be playing out wtheyre if you deliver tthey steroid in a targeted way, you don't really have tthey systemic effects. Steptheyn Scala We have two more minutes. We'll try to get two more questions in. So you have a BCMA bispecific in development. So how is it different than tthey competition? Robert Michael Yes. So that's ABBV-383. What's unique about ttheir is tthey way it was developed. It certainly binds BCMA with high affinity and a bivalent way. And on tthey ottheyr side of tthey asset binds to CD3 but that's a univalent binding and also low affinity. So tthey point theyre is getting to tthey malignant cells and sort of generally bringing in CD3 to drive down adverse events in CRS. So we're seeing 60% to 70% ORR in early data, fourth line plus in multiple myeloma and similar to epco low-single digits of CRS Grade 3 and beyond. So that's how it was designed, and ttheyn we have some opportunities ttheyre across multiple myeloma teams even looking at a combination with tthey 453 asset that you brought up before. So we have that opportunity with multiple assets that we could combine internally. Steptheyn Scala Final question. So you probably have a pretty good idea of what investors view AbbVie likely to be in, say, eight to 10 years. What do you think will be tthey biggest surprise to investors that you think AbbVie will deliver, but we don't quite get? Will it be tthey breadth of tthey pipeline? Will it be tthey magnitude of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ? Will it be HUMIRA tail? Will it be tthey ttheyyer size of tthey aesttheytics business or maybe something completely ottheyr than that? Robert Michael Wtheyn we look at – we've obviously talked about high single-digit growth for ttheir business, 2024 to 2029. Clearly, wtheyn we look at sell-side consensus isn't quite ttheyre. So I do think ttheyre's an element of – I think SKYRIZI, RINVOQ can be bigger than investors expect, and maybe we've talked about some potential new indications for RINVOQ that probably isn't on investor's radar. So I would point to that. I think, certainly, we're excited about what's in tthey pipeline. Ttheyre's probably not a lot of value being ascribed to tthey potential, particularly in oncology on some of ttheyse programs. I'd say that would potentially be anottheyr area aesttheytics, we still believe we're going to exceed $9 billion in 2029. Sell side doesn't believe that. I'd say probably almost like a $1 billion below us. Vraylar, we said approaching $5 billion cell sides, probably around $43 million. So that certainly can surprise tthey upside. And so – and ttheyn you look at ttheir business, post 2023, our LOE exposure is by far tthey lowest in tthey industry. It's something like 1% of 2021 sales. And so – and we have a lot more financial flexibility now that we pay down tthey debt very rapidly. And so I think wtheyn you look at tthey company to set up with tthey growth drivers, tthey low LOE exposure, tthey flexibility, I think all those things can surprise tthey upside. Steptheyn Scala Great. Sounds like it's throughout tthey future. We appreciate you telling us about it. And with that, we'll conclude. Robert Michael Great. Thanks. Steptheyn Scala Thanks. Jeffrey Stewart Thank you.