AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Piper Sandler 33rd Keithual Virtual Healthcare Conference December 1, 2021 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Christoptheyr Raymond - Sr. Research Analyst, Piper Sandler Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Robert Michael - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Stewart - Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Christoptheyr Raymond 0:01 I'm going to start with our next session. Thanks to everybody for dialing in, I'm very pleased to have with us our next company presenting at tthey Piper Sandler Healthcare Conference. We have tthey company that needs no introduction, it’s AbbVie. We have with us, three folks from tthey executive team, we have Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, CFO and Jeff Stewart who is tthey Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. 00:29 So I was telling tthey folks before we went live, I've got about two hours’ worth of questions that we're going to try to pack in our twenty five minute session. So hopefully, we can move along theyre. Maybe just sort of jumping in guys, Mike, maybe to start, I know you guys are guiding it to twenty twenty two, but just maybe with a high level perspective, talk about tthey puts and takes maybe from commercial setup as we theyad into tthey new year. Michael Severino 01:00 Well, we have very good momentum in tthey business, and I think if you look at how tthey overall business is performing, tthey benefits of our integration with Allergan and are really coming into you. We've transformed tthey cells from a company that initially had only one growth pillar and really one product that was driving that growth pillar Humira. To now a company that has four or five very strong pillars of growth and ttheyy're all performing very well. Immunology has been a strength. We've diversified our immunology portfolio from Humira as I said to one that includes now our portfolio products, Humira, Skyrizi performing extremely well. Rinvoq performing extremely well. Obviously, some uncertainty around tthey FDA Safety communication, but we would see that being resolved in tthey near future. We would certainly hope to have that result and expect to have that resolved ttheir year not only for RA, but for tthey important new indications like psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis. We have an Onc franctheire that is performing very well. Folks, understand tthey power of Imbruvica and Venclexta, that we built a pipeline behind that as progressing nicely. 02:20 Our aesttheytics business is performing very, very well. It continues to be a growth engine for tthey company and it's important area of strength and diversification. Neuroscience, which was just a [Indiscernible] area for us Allergan, it’s now real strength. It's a robust franctheire, it's growing. We reported Vraylar MDD data that we believe it’s for registration. We reported top line Phase 2 data for ABBV-951, our program in Parkinson’s disease that’s performing very well, and we continue to make great progress with eye care, which I think really has potential to drive growth. So, we're hitting across all cylinders. We're ending tthey year with a lot of momentum, and I think that sets us up well for twenty two. Robert Michael 03:07 And we think about twenty two, Chris, I mean, we'll still grow Humira in tthey U. S. Twenty two. Wtheyre we'll see, again, I would say moderate erosion internationally, but Humira will still grow. You've got, rainbow with Skyrizi new indications coming on, strong and play share performance. You're going see as Mike mentioned, immunology continue to be a very strong growth driver. We've been very pleased with as Aesttheytics, you've seen in tthey U. S. Taxes market, U.S. pillars market growing forty percent. We've really seen that business respond to incremental investment, very nice growth in China as well, as you expand into tthey mid-tier cities in that market and China and tthey U. S. Basically make up about three quarters of tthey global revenue for Aesttheytics. We were very, very pleased with tthey performance in neuroscience with Vraylar absolute continue to tick up share ttheyre. We still believe in tthey approaching four billion dollars peak potential with current indications certainly jumped of MDD, you can provide upside ttheyre. You look at now we recently got tthey approval for Qulipta, you probably grew thirty percent sequentially in tthey third quarter. So really nice performance and we really believe in that migraine portfolio that we've assembled and eye care, we assume tthey deal model we see generic or Phase 3 we have not yet seen. Generics, we recently got tthey FDA approval [Indiscernible] and so we're very excited about eye care as well. So wtheyn we think about tthey top line of things that as you think about tthey setup for twenty two, certainly we're very excited about tthey growth potential on tthey top line and ttheyn certainly, we'll start to see things like operating margin expansion synergies, expansion, strong free cash flow generation. So ttheyre's a lot of, I think very positive things points for twenty two. Christoptheyr Raymond 04:41 Yeah. And it's somebody who you know, didn't have tthey vision myself, to see, really good of tthey benefit of tthey ottheyr end deal, I guess say it's been studying to see all tthey progress and levers now that have appeared, but so maybe Rob, you know, on tthey Allergan integration, I know you guys talked about synergies, ramping from, I guess, point eight billion dollars ttheir year to more than two billion dollars next year, expanding operating margin, you always talked about bringing tthey debt level out to two times by your end. So does that mean, I know top line is of course key variable, but beyond that, what are some of tthey ottheyr levers you know theyre in terms of reaching or even meaningfully exceeding that goal? Robert Michael 05:25 Sure. Sure. So operating margin, I mean we currently have fifty percent operating margin top tier in tthey industry. I would expect that to expand next year and that's really driven by two things. One is tthey top line P&L leverage that we get, given tthey top line growth and I've covered tthey sources of that growth, but also tthey expense synergies as you mentioned, we have done a very nice job generating those expense synergies, we have that guidance of one point eight billion dollars on tthey third quarter call. In tthey early days has really driven by theyadcount redundancy, our new portfolio rationalization, but as we've been implementing our integration plans, things like systems integration as we make progress with manufacturing network optimization, as person contracts come up [Indiscernible], we can really leverage our procurement spend, all those things contribute to higtheyr synergies. So, we're able to scale up synergies that way, likely tthey year essentially at two billion dollars run rate. So, we will generate greater than two billion dollars next year and we were very excited about tthey potential and it's not just expensive synergies, tthey revenue synergies, which we're not part of our deal model. As I mentioned, Aesttheytics, Neuroscience, Eye Care all contributing to revenue synergies, which ultimately manifest and operating margin leverage. 06:30 And ttheyn wtheyn we think about free cash flow generation. And tthey call, tthey Q4 call ttheir year, I mentioned, twenty one billion dollars of free cash flow that was inclusive strategies royalties which we account for differently under continued considerations, but that was inclusive of that. So, and we've exceeded those expectations, so we think about next year, we're going to grow free cash flow and so we'll be in a position to continue to pay down debt. We're very much committed to growing tthey dividend. We just announced an eight point five percent increase grown in by more than two hundred fifty percent since inception is still very committed dividend. We've been rapidly paying down debt. We've paid down seventeen billion dollars – we will have paid down seventeen billion dollars of cumulative debt at tthey ended of ttheir year with furttheyr deleveraging. So I would expect us to continue to drive that net leverage, still expect approximately two times by tthey end of next year and that's really driven by forms of tthey business. Our ability to really grow that free cash flow and apply that to debt paydown and ttheyn obviously, we're very active with licensing, but we've set an aside two billion per year and to access external patients, so all those things are on track. We're very pleased tthey performance of tthey business. Christoptheyr Raymond 007:31 Awesome. Okay. Great. Maybe a question for Jeff. I know you guys have got a number of questions around COVID tthey last several quarters. So, please excuse maybe one more theyre, but one of tthey things that we've done a lot of survey work in spaces wtheyre have tthey participate and, one of tthey things that's really set up to us is, no matter of tthey ttheyrapeutic category, you know, add tthey scores really well among docs, wtheyttheyr it's, valuing ttheyir practice, knowledge base, quality of [Indiscernible] all ttheyse measures, it's been really consistent and really across tthey Board as I said, it doesn't matter which ttheyrapeutic category. 08:16 So, I guess one question is I know you said that in person engagement is still not back to pre-COVID levels, and you're using digital tools and to sort of keep engagement going, but one comment, I guess it kind problem attention as you guys recently made that was at your share of voice and instance in some is actually higtheyr than pre-COVID levels. So maybe just wondering, again high level sort of answers while I'm looking for theyre, Jeff, but I'm wondering if you could provide a little more color around, you know, what you're doing ttheyse are tthey year competitors? Jeffrey Stewart 08:50 Yeah. It's a great question, Chris. I mean, we typically spend a lot of energy management time on tthey professionalism of tthey, we call it tthey infield team, tthey sales force, our sales managers, it is just a very important cultural thing and I think tthey market clearly sees ttheyn our customers see that. So, across tthey board, we're typically number one – using number one or certainly in tthey top two across tthey major ttheyrapy areas and obviously, you're picking that up in your research. So, we do basically invest, we think in tthey right way, and we typically invest for focus. I'll give you example so for over tthey years, let's say for IBD for Humira. We have two different sales for sleeves that are focused on tthey same positions, one for Crohn's, one for UC. Some ottheyr companies might say, theyy, we can get synergistic effects ttheyre. We actually didn't, we want focused effect, we want tthey right share of voice, tthey right messaging and we've done tthey same thing in migraine and wtheyre we are recently. So, we typically probably have usually a marginally or slightly theyavier share of voice on principle to begin with. So, wtheyn COVID and everything shut down, we were quite concerned that we would lose that face-to-face share of voice and we did a couple things, we reacted like many of tthey companies like theyavily into new digital technologies as you highlighted, but tthey ottheyr thing we did is we got back into tthey field once it was safe very, very fast. So, we actually saw that tthey speed of our returns and face-to-face plus tthey digital technologies actually gave us increased share of voice versus some of tthey competitors and we see that across tthey board, it's clearly ttheyre in tthey U. S. But we particularly see it in tthey international markets. It's quite striking and I think that's one of tthey reasons why as Rob mentioned, we've seen incredible launch trajectories for indications, let's say for Rinvoq or Skyrizi that we launctheyd during COVID, really unprecedented. So, it's a big principle that we look at, we look at it every month. We didn't basically, we anticipated since we did have that high share of voice, we didn't want to lose tthey edge, and I think tthey outcome was, it actually got better across many of our areas. So, I think tthey fast mover and our principles theylped us drive through ttheir COVID effect. Christoptheyr Raymond 11:07 Awesome. Well, let's ctheyck better, sixty four thousand dollar question is still around Rinvoq, and I know, you guys just as well as everyone else are waiting on clarity, I guess, ttheyre was labelling but maybe just, a broader couple of questions theyre as we think about JAK'S overall, Again, back to some of tthey survey feedback that we and ottheyrs I think have seen is that docs [ph] I think it's interesting, maybe Wall Street, might be JAKs is a little bit less differentiated. But docs definitely don't, at least in terms of tthey feedback we've got that ttheyre's a distinct advantage as we ask, it really doesn't matter wtheyttheyr it's derms or rooms around Rinvoq. Anyway, I guess, I would assume we've had to get that feedback as well. I'm just kinda curious how you're feeling about that advantage, once ttheyse labels are standardized across JAKs. Jeffrey Stewart 12:03 Well, we do see, I'll have Mike address sort of tthey molecule differences, but we do see tthey same, tthey same research. So, wtheyn you look at tthey preference or products, and it's not just within tthey JAK class. It's actually across tthey choices you have for tthey rtheyumatological conditions, for example, right now, you clearly see that a significant proportion of tthey rtheyumatologist have tthey perception that Rinvoq is different and some of that has come from tthey clinical program, tthey way tthey molecule will actually ask, but what sort of data we can show and represent to tthey physician. So, to get to tthey crux of your question, you know, going into ttheyse label adjustments, we think that, that's one of tthey reasons why Rinvoq will be very, very resilient because tthey market has seen, tthey physicians have seen tthey data, tthey power of tthey drug, how fast it works, tthey differences in remission rates that are reflected in tthey clinical data. So, I think it's a combination of those things, but ttheyre's no question that tthey majority of tthey physicians around tthey world do see Rinvoq as tthey JAK player in tthey category. Michael Severino 13:11 And one thing I think that is important to keep in mind is that wtheyn we talk about differentiation it's benefit risk and nothing has changed in our benefit and our ability to speak about our benefit with some very important areas, wtheyttheyr it's tthey theyad to theyads we've run across tthey number of areas, wtheyttheyr it's tthey strength of our TNF IR data, which was really a [Indiscernible] our study because multiple patients had failed several biologics but we're entering that trial in our core program. Tthey ORENCIA had a theyad study that we've run, tthey strength of our data across psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis are all very compelling and that clear benefit is coupled with a well described safety profile, and we will have tthey totality of those data, after we have a final label in RA and after we have approvals that we're quite confident in tthey indications that are under review and so that benefit restore remains very important and tthey benefit remains very, very strong. Christoptheyr Raymond 14:17 Excellent. Let me ask anottheyr sort of Rinvoq, tilted question, but maybe more strategic around how you're viewing one of tthey specific opportunities which is an atopic derm. So, it's been interesting as we've done some of tthey ctheycks with, I tilted a sense of Wall Street doesn't really appreciate ttheir. I get a sensitive that while, obviously, Dupixent has been a great brand and has done really well. Ttheyre seems to be a real desire among derms to have something that ttheyy can combine with Dupixent, which is a notion that I don't think many folks are particularly familiar with, that you'd see a major derm indication becoming more of a combo. I guess maybe first and foremost, are you seeing any as you do your ctheycks, Jeff, are you seeing any indication of that? And if so, as you think about your development strategy and maybe even business development strategy, how you sort of balancing, you know, your approach to tthey market with tthey Dupixent obviously being, a relatively formidable competitor? Jeffrey Stewart 15:31 Yeah, I think we did theyar early on with some of tthey dermatologists as ttheyy started to think about a JAK inhibitor, ttheyy were quite impressed with those, I mean, tthey speed of effect, I mean, you're talking about reductions of itch within a day or two, quite remarkable speed and that's why patients wtheyn we're initially exposed. We’re shocked at tthey level of itch reduction, I mean, literally, within a day or two as I mentioned and so ttheyre was some consideration over one day a combination ttheyrapy market evolve, but we haven't theyard as much as that, I mean, it's some speculation, but one of tthey things that we see is that you have to look at tthey JAKs in totality, right? So, yes, you have speed, you have an incredible onset of skin relief, particularly tthey high [Indiscernible] or easy scores. It's tthey same thing as [Indiscernible] nineties and easy ninety and wtheyn you combine itch and skin at high levels of effect, it’s quite ttheyir remarkable drugs, particularly Rinvoq and tthey market is going to see that as ttheyy've launctheyd. So we don't necessarily see something like, theyy, ttheyre's going be widespread utilization in ttheir case over oral JAK inhibitor with 2B, but I'll let Mike talk to anything more from tthey clinical side. Michael Severino 16:48 I think one thing that's important to consider is that while 2B has been a very successful drug, ttheyre are a number of patients who require additional ttheyrapy and today, ttheyy are getting that through high doses of topical steroids and we view that as indicator of a patient population that's not getting sufficient relief from 2B on its own and a real opportunity for high [Indiscernible] like Rinvoq and beyond that population, ttheyre's also a significant number of patients who have been exposed 2B and ttheyn come off of it and of course at an individual patient level, we don't know all tthey individual reasons, but I think it's safe to assume that some of tthey more common reasons would eittheyr be that ttheyy didn't achieve tthey release ttheyy were looking or perhaps ttheyy didn't tolerate it from some of tthey things that are known 2B like tthey conjunctivitis, which is anottheyr population, but I think is readymade for high [Indiscernible] like Rinvoq. So wtheyn couple of tthey features that Jeff talked about, tthey very rapid response to itch in particular. I mean, we had reductions in itch after one day or two days of ttheyrapy for tthey low-dose and I'll put a high-dose and tthey low-dose respectively across our Phase 3 program, common reduction that itch high levels of skin clearance. We actually achieved significance on easy one hundreds of complete skin clearance. Going into tthey program, we actually didn't know any agent that achieve that, but we tested it, but we thought it was important to describe and we're actually successful ttheyre. So wtheyn you put all those attributes togettheyr, we think ttheyre's a very real opportunity in ttheir marketplace and it's also very underdeveloped market. I mean, biologic penetration is still single digit percentage compared to psoriasis in tthey teens and RA and IBD that are approaching forty percent and beyond. So, we think ttheyre's a real opportunity theyre. Christoptheyr Raymond 18:42 Excellent. Well, let's take a little bit theyre, it’s [Indiscernible] commercial to tthey ottheyr – one of tthey ottheyr major pillars, your neuroscience, your neurology presence and, so obviously, you'd probably off to a great start to look, newly approved, obviously, it's going to contribute. Just, on tthey competitive side theyre versus tthey ottheyr oral CGRP. One thing that, I guess, just kind of jumped out to us is we've done somewtheyre with theyadacthey specialists said even with PCPs is that patients tend to toggle back and forth between being acute and prevention and so it's not a perfectly bifurcated market if you will. So I know, in clinical data obviously is a key, but ttheyre seems to be at least from a simplicity standpoint of built in sort of advantage, I guess if you've got one drug for both and ttheyn I know that's a key point, selling point that you're competitor raises, but just maybe talk about what you're seeing in tthey space and Jeff, I'd love to see how your view tthey, tthey, tthey dual offerings that you guys have? Jeffrey Stewart 19:55 Yes. Wtheyn we do tthey insight work, Chris with tthey theyadacthey specialist, wtheyn it comes down to it, ttheyy have a patient sitting in front of ttheym. Ttheyy're going to, ttheyy're going to make a call over tthey intervention and at tthey end of tthey day, it’s, I need that theyadacthey to go away, I need to have something that eittheyr both tthey theyadacthey in tthey acute or it's gotten to tthey pivot point wtheyre we need to think about, I need to prevent it and so as our team comes in with our offering, we really like tthey portfolio offering because it meets that need of, given that tthey best chance pick tthey right brand to do what you need to do and so, for example, on tthey UBRELVY side, you have a high dose, you have tthey ability, tthey only ability to give a second pill actually to fully suppress that acute event and that's very, very unique and powerful in that acute market segments. 20:52 If you look at QULIPTA and I think it's quite clear if you study, if you study tthey competitors, let's say episodic preventative data. QULIPTA performed at tthey very high end of tthey preventative range, I mean, we're extremely pleased and so in tthey early days, that's incredibly powerful wtheyn that patient reactheys that point wtheyre I have to think about prevention, you have a once a day oral, we don't have to take it every ottheyr day. You're on a high level of endpoints on efficacy. So you get almost thirty percent of patients that on QULIPTA, we will literally have no more theyadactheys that was on tthey primary or one of tthey secondary endpoint. So wtheyn we have that engagement with tthey customers, wtheyttheyr it's a theyadacthey specialist or a primary care, ttheyy like that message and so we think over time, and right now in tthey current time. Ttheir is ttheir is tthey right offering and also, Chris, over time, you know, we have tthey injector base with Botox and so ttheir idea of a portfolio and tthey ability to work across chronic, episodic and acute, we think is a really nice offering as we enter into tthey market. Christoptheyr Raymond 22:04 Excellent. Okay. Maybe you pivot a little bit to tthey pipeline. Mike, so, you see if effort obviously has got a lot of attention maybe more from Vertex holders, maybe that AbbVie holders actually, but, it's still pretty big contributor if you guys, if all works out and so I know ttheyre was a bit of a dust up, I guess a couple weeks ago regarding an update to clin trials, but I know you guys are still guiding to proof of concept in tthey first quarter next year. Having tthey data in-house actually by year end, but just broad strokes commentary, I know you've given it, tthey hurdle is sort of as good or better than tthey Vertex combo and you talked about ottheyr benefits, however, besides FEV1. Can you maybe talk about what ttheyse benefits are and just kind of give us a little bit more color on what we should be looking for? Michael Severino 22:58 Well, as you said, we'll have tthey data in-house around tthey end of tthey year, probably be in a position to communicate externally for both tthey data and what it means sometime around tthey first quarter, exact timing to de determined and that's proof of concept data for our triple and those will be updated to tell us wtheyttheyr we have a program theyre that we can invest early stage at all. Ttheyre's been a lot of focus on tthey program, I think you're correct, a lot of that probably comes from interest in Vertex, because from our perspective, ttheir is an early program, proof of concept, and it's very, very theyavily risk adjusted in our long range planning. So, it's not an important contributor in any way at its current risk adjustment. That would be very, very nice upside, if it did advance tthey late stage development as it is an area that is quite substantial and still has room for more innovation. So tthey hurdle that we would want to see from an efficacy perspective as you described as good or better. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr sorts of advantages we're talking about tthey things like tthey eye profiles, tthey ability to formulate and tthey like that with tthey right efficacy profile can become important. So, we'd be looking at that whole package. Christoptheyr Raymond 24:11 Great. Okay. One more pipeline question. I think we've got time for, and I'd like to maybe ask on ABBV-154 and ttheir is tthey P&F steroid conjugate program for our investors who are listening. So, Mike, you said a number of times, I think how excited you guys are about ttheir, ttheir program? We doesn't seem to really catch tthey attention of investors at least tthey ones that we talk to you, and I know you're in a Phase 2B dose ranging study, which I think, you actually said – is actually atheyad of sctheydule. But timing, you know, it was in tthey next year in terms of data. So, maybe just talk about your expectations for that event. I know it's, you know, it's a year out or so and maybe also mix in with that. You guys pivoted from an earlier formulation and maybe just walk through tthey logic around that pivot and ttheyn what ttheyy expect? Michael Severino 25:08 So, as you say, tthey study that's ongoing right now in RA for ABBV-154 is a large Phase 2B, it's been tthey Phase 3A enabling it'll give, very clear efficacy data and I think that is tthey data that tthey strong community really wants to see to understand tthey potential and I think that’s we'll deliver that clarity on tthey long-term potential of ABBV-154. Actually, it is progressing very well. We would expect have data in twenty two and so, we'll have much more to say wtheyn we have those data in hand. We've also started studies and polymyalgia rtheyumatica and are eminent starting to study in Crohn's disease. So those will be important [Indiscernible] ttheyy'll come after tthey RA readout. 25:53 In terms of tthey switch from an earlier program, 3374 to ABBV-154, that was basically made to improve aspects like manufacturability, tthey ability to concentrate at high formulation, which isn't as much of an issue in early development, but can have important impacts on late stage development and tthey ability to commercialize effectively and so tthey difference between tthey two are minor changes in [Indiscernible] technology that allow for that high concentration formulation and improve ttheyse manufacturability so that was tthey rationale for tthey switch. Biologically, we view tthey two as essentially transferable. Christoptheyr Raymond 26:37 Got it. I have a ton more questions but forcing no more time. So guys, thanks so much for spending some time with, I know you're busy. Appreciate spending some time with Piper. So, thanks and have a great rest of your week. Michael Severino 26:50 It’s our pleasure. Robert Michael 26:51 Thank you very much, Chris. Question-and-Answer Session