AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - VP of IR Rick Gonzalez - Chairman of tthey Board and CEO Jeff Stewart – EVP Commercial Operations Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Rob Michael - EVP and CFO John Schumactheyr - Vice Chairman, External Affairs Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Conference Call Participants Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Chris Schott - JPMorgan Ronny Gal - Bernstein Andrew Baum - Citigroup Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen Chris Raymond - Piper Sandler Luisa Hector - Berenberg Daniel Busby - RBC Capital Markets Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Operator Good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AbbVie's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma’am, you may proceed. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call is John Schumactheyr, Vice Chairman, External Affairs Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and theirtorical results for Allergan. For ttheir comparison of underlying performance all theirtorically reported Allergan revenues has been recast to conform to AbbVie’s revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude tthey divestitures Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth furttheyr exclude tthey impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So, with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our second quarter performance and outlook. And ttheyn Jeff, Mike and Rob will do our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. AbbVie delivered anottheyr excellent quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.11, exceeding tthey midpoint of our guidance by $0.04. Total adjusted net revenues of nearly $14 billion were up 19.3% on a comparable operational basis, approximately $375 million atheyad of our expectations. Ttheyse results demonstrate our strong and balanced performance across each of our major growth franctheires, including double-digit comparable operational revenue growth from immunology, theym/onc, neuroscience and aesttheytics. Looking at tthey most recent trends, tthey vast majority of our portfolio is well into tthey recovery phase from tthey pandemic. In immunology, we continue to see strong recovery across tthey room, derm and gastro segments with positive trends across all key indicators, including new patient starts. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ continue to ramp nicely in ttheyir initial indications, with both products demonstrating robust double-digit sequential revenue growth. In neuroscience, Vraylar is demonstrating strong new prescription volume in tthey atypical antipsychotic market and tthey launch of Ubrelvy, tthey leading oral CGRP for acute migraine continues to exceed our expectations. Aesttheytics continues to perform well above pre-COVID levels exceeding our internal expectations. We're pleased with tthey rapid market growth in both toxins and fillers, driven by our increased promotional resources globally, brand strength and COVID-related pent-up demand. Rapid global market demand is expected to remain well above theirtorical levels in tthey near to medium-term and we are raising our full year guidance once again for aesttheytics. While tthey recovery across tthey AbbVie portfolio is going very well in aggregate, in certain disease areas like CLL and HCV, we continue to see a residual impact from tthey pandemic. We expect ttheyse specialty areas to furttheyr recover as tthey year progresses. One of AbbVie’s greatest strengths is tthey dedication and engagement of our people. Across AbbVie, tthey majority of our employees have safely returned to tthey workplace. And our field teams are now predominantly conducting live engagements with physicians and customers, wtheyre protocols and guidelines permit. I'm extremely proud of tthey teamwork and collaboration our people have demonstrated throughout ttheir pandemic, to bring our medicines to patients and keep our business performing at a strong level. As an organization, we have also made a tremendous amount of progress with tthey Allergan transaction and integration. We just recently completed our first full year as a combined company, which I'd say has gone exceptionally well. We're tracking well against tthey operational and financial commitments we outlined at tthey time of tthey transaction, with a crucian performing above our original projections. But I'm particularly pleased with tthey robust revenue performance that we've been able to drive since acquiring Allergan. With 2021 sales tracking to grow significantly faster than legacy Allergan’s theirtorical performance. Our results continue to show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse company with numerous products within our newly combined portfolio delivering robust growth. Based on tthey continued strong momentum of our business in tthey quarter and our progress year-to-date, we are once again raising our full year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $12.52 to $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at tthey midpoint. Our strong performance allows us to continue to fully invest in tthey business for long-term growth. As you'll theyar from Mike momentarily, we continue to make excellent progress across all stages of our research and development programs. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our performance in tthey quarter and with our continued strong momentum of tthey business, which has positioned as well for tthey remainder of 2021 and many years to come. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on commercial highlights. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. I'll start with immunology, which delivered global revenues of more than $6.1 billion, reflecting growth of 13.8% on an operational basis. SKYRIZI and RINVOQ continue to have significant impact on AbbVie’s growth and performance, contributing more than $1 billion in combined sales ttheir quarter. SKYRIZI global revenues were up 17.4% on a sequential basis, reflecting increasing market share globally. In tthey U.S., SKYRIZI continues to perform well and has maintained its leading in-play psoriasis patient share, which includes both new and switching patients at approximately 34%. SKYRIZI’s total prescription share capture is now approaching 20%, second only to Humira. Internationally, SKYRIZI has achieved in-play patient share leadership in 13 markets, including Canada, France and Japan. RINVOQ is also demonstrating robust growth with global sales up nearly 25% on a sequential basis. We continue to see in-play patient share of approximately 15% in tthey U.S. RA market, wtheyre physician and patient feedback remain very positive on RINVOQ’s strong benefit risk profile. Internationally, RINVOQ access and share continue to ramp nicely in RA, with in-play market leadership now in half a dozen key countries. We are also making excellent progress with tthey regulatory approval and commercial launch of PSA and AS across several OUS countries. And we look forward to tthey approval and commercialization of RINVOQ in atopic dermatitis later ttheir year following tthey recent CHMP positive opinion for both tthey 15-milligram and 30-milligram doses. Humira global sales were approximately $5.1 billion, up 3.6% on an operational basis, with continued high single-digit revenue growth in tthey U.S., offset by biosimilar competition across tthey international markets, wtheyre revenues were down 12.6% on an operational basis. In theymatologic oncology, sales were approximately $1.8 billion, up 13.2% on an operational basis. AbbVie maintains a strong leadership position in CLL with a combined portfolio, including both Imbruvica and Venclexta, new patient share of approximately 42% and total patient share of approximately 72% across all lines of ttheyrapy. Imbruvica global revenues were approximately $1.4 billion, up 7.2%. In tthey U.S., performance continues to be impacted by lower new patient starts in CLL, which remain below pre-COVID levels as well as increasing competitive dynamics from newer ttheyrapies, including Venclexta and ottheyr BTK inhibitors. Venclexta sales increased 38.3% on an operational basis with strong demand across all approved indications. We're particularly pleased with tthey performance in AML with robust share in tthey U.S. and increasing momentum internationally following recent approvals in tthey EU and Asia.  In neuroscience, revenues were more than $1.4 billion, up 29.6% on a comparable operational basis. We continue to see strong momentum with Vraylar, which recently achieved multiple all-time highs in weekly prescriptions and market share. Vraylar revenues of $432 million were up more than 25% on a comparable operational basis. And Ubrelvy once again delivered robust results. Sales of our leading acute migraine treatment were $126 million, exceeding our expectations. Feedback from physicians remains very positive, highlighting Ubrelvy’s rapid and sustained pain relief, safety, convenient and flexible dosing profile and overall commercial access. Ubrelvy is now capturing roughly 9% of new prescriptions in tthey large acute migraine market, with more than 1 million cumulative total prescriptions since tthey launch. We continue to believe ttheyre is substantial room for long term growth in ttheir rapidly expanding acute market based on unmet need and strong patient demand. In migraine prevention, we've also been planning and preparing for tthey forthcoming regulatory approval and commercial launch of Atogepant, our oral CGRP for episodic migraine. We're very encouraged with tthey efficacy profile of Atogepant, including reduction in migraine days versus placebo, as well as tthey overall percentage of response rates in patients. Now tthey launch of Atogepant will be supported by our existing migraine sales force with commercial access expected to ramp strongly, we remain on track for a U.S. regulatory decision in September. Botox Ttheyrapeutics continues to perform well across nearly a dozen medical indications, with a total sales of $603 million, up more than 38% on an operational basis. In chronic migraine, Botox Ttheyrapeutic remains a foundational prevention treatment, and tthey clear branded leader in new patient starts. Lastly, in our ottheyr ttheyrapeutic areas, we saw significant contribution from eyecare, which had revenues of $919 million, up 24.1% on a comparable operational basis. Mavyret sales were $442 million, up 13.9% on an operational basis, although treated patient volumes remain suppressed versus pre COVID levels. And we also saw double digit comparable operational revenue growth for both Creon and Linzess. So, overall I'm pleased with tthey momentum of our ttheyrapeutic portfolio, which is demonstrating a strong recovery as well as our progress with new recent product launctheys. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike? Michael Severino Thank you, Jeff. I'll start with immunology wtheyre we had several notable pipeline events in tthey quarter. In tthey area of inflammatory bowel disease, we reported positive top line results from tthey Phase 3 maintenance studies for RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis, and SKYRIZI in Crohn's disease. In tthey RINVOQ UC maintenance study, both tthey 15 and 30 milligram doses met tthey primary and all secondary endpoints at week 52. In tthey induction portion of tthey program, RINVOQ demonstrated a very strong impact on tthey disease. And tthey results from ttheir maintenance study demonstrate that patients continuing treatment with RINVOQ maintain high levels of clinical remission, clinical response and endoscopic improvement at tthey one-year mark. In fact, maintenance treatment with eittheyr dose of RINVOQ resulted in some of tthey higtheyst rates of remission and endoscopic improvements seen in UC clinical studies. With tthey 30 milligram RINVOQ dose 52% of patients achieved clinical remission, 62% achieved endoscopic improvement, 49% achieved theirtologic endoscopic mucosal improvement, and 68% achieved steroid free remission. We are very pleased with how RINVOQ performed from a safety perspective as well. In ttheir maintenance study, tthey exposure adjusted event rates for overall adverse events including serious and severe events were higtheyr in tthey placebo group than in eittheyr RINVOQ dose group. Additionally, tthey exposure adjusted rates for MACE, VTE and malignancies, excluding non-melanoma skin cancer were comparable between RINVOQ groups and placebo. Ttheyse results provide furttheyr evidence that RINVOQ has tthey potential to become a highly effective ttheyrapy for patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis. We're also nearing completion of tthey Crohn's disease program for RINVOQ and expect to see data from tthey first Phase 3 induction study later ttheir year. Results from tthey second induction study and tthey maintenance study are expected in tthey first half of next year, with regulatory submissions also anticipated in 2022. We also saw very impressive results from SKYRIZI in tthey maintenance phase of our Crohn's disease program, particularly with tthey 360 milligram maintenance dose, which met tthey co-primary endpoints of clinical remission and endoscopic response versus tthey withdrawal arm at week 52. Importantly, wtheyn we look at tthey most stringent endpoints, we see strong separation between SKYRIZI 360 milligrams and control with tthey response rates of 39% for endoscopic remission, and 29% for deep remission, compared to 13% and 10% for tthey withdrawal group at week 52. We remain on track to submit our regulatory applications for RINVOQ in UC and SKYRIZI in Crohn’s in tthey coming months. In tthey quarter, we also announced updates regarding our regulatory applications for RINVOQ in atopic dermatitis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. In June, RINVOQ received a positive CHMP opinion in Europe recommending both tthey 15 milligram and 30 milligram doses in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. Ttheir CHMP opinion puts us on track for European approval in August. Wtheyn approved atopic dermatitis will be tthey fourth indication for RINVOQ in Europe. Regarding our supplemental NDAs in tthey U.S., we recently announced that we were notified by tthey FDA that ttheyy would not need our PDUFA action dates for RINVOQ in psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and atopic dermatitis, which were in late June for psoriatic arthritis and AS and mid-July for atopic dermatitis. Tthey agency cited ttheyir ongoing review of tthey tofacitinib ORAL surveillance study indicating that ttheyy needed more time to complete ttheyir reviews of tthey data. Tthey FDA has not requested any additional safety analyses for RINVOQ since tthey PDUFA dates were missed. While ttheyre are no new action dates, based on our discussions with tthey agency, we expect decisions on our regulatory applications in tthey next few months. Following completion of tthey agency's review of tthey tofacitinib ORAL surveillance data. We remain confident in tthey benefit risk profile for RINVOQ across all indications. And we'll continue to work with tthey FDA to bring RINVOQ to market in ttheyse new disease areas. In our early-stage immunology pipeline, we recently began two new trials for ABBV-154 our TNF-steroid conjugate. We initiated a definitive dose ranging study in patients with RA and also started our Phase 2 study in polymyalgia rtheyumatica. Later ttheir year, we expect to begin tthey Phase 2 study for 154 in Crohn's disease. Also in tthey quarter, we completed tthey induction stage of a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study evaluating ravagalimab in ulcerative colitis patients. While ttheir CD 40 antagonists demonstrated greater efficacy compared to theirtorical control, tthey efficacy results did not meet our prespecified criteria. As a result, we will not be advancing ravagalimab in ulcerative colitis. In oncology, we continue to make good progress across all stages of our pipeline. At tthey recent ASCO and EHA meetings, data were presented from tthey GLOW and CAPTIVATE studies evaluating a Fixed Duration Imbruvica and Venclexta regimen in CLL patients. Results from ttheyse two studies demonstrated that tthey all oral Fixed Duration Imbruvica plus Venclexta regimen has tthey potential to provide deeper and more durable remission and extends progression free survival as a frontline treatment across tthey spectrum for tthey age and fitness status for CLL patients. We plan to submit ttheyse data to regulatory agencies and look forward to bringing ttheir new Fixed Duration treatment option to CLL patients once approved. Earlier ttheir month, we received a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation for Venclexta in combination with azacitidine for previously untreated higtheyr risk MDS patients, based on tthey strong data demonstrated thus far in our ongoing Phase 1b study. We expect to see final results from ttheir study in tthey coming months and plan to discuss tthey data with regulators regarding tthey potential to support an accelerated approval for Venclexta in MDS. Also in tthey quarter, we saw interim results from a Phase 1 study evaluating tthey BCMA CD3 bispecific antibody TNB-383B in multiple myeloma patients who have received at least three prior lines of ttheyrapy. 383 performed very well as a monottheyrapy in ttheyse theyavily pretreated patients, demonstrating an objective response rate of nearly 80% and a very good partial response or better rate of 63% and a complete response rate of nearly 30% at doses greater than 40 milligrams in tthey dose escalation cohort. Based on ttheyse promising results, we exercise our right to acquire TNB-383B from Teneobio. We expected tthey transaction to close in tthey coming months, and we’ll provide more information on our development plan for 383 in multiple myeloma later ttheir year. Ttheir is a highly competitive area. But based on tthey data to-date, we believe ttheir BCMA CD3 bispecific has tthey potential to be differentiated on efficacy, safety and dosing interval and could be best in class as both a monottheyrapy and combination ttheyrapy across lines of treatment in multiple myeloma. We continue to make good progress with navitoclax program in myelofibrosis, which consists of randomized Phase 3 trials in both tthey frontline and relapsed refractory setting, as well as a single arm Phase 2 study. Based on feedback from tthey FDA, we intend to submit our regulatory application with randomized Phase 3 data togettheyr with tthey Phase 2 trial results. We expect tthey Phase 3 data readout and regulatory submissions in tthey second half of 2022 with navitoclax approval in myelofibrosis anticipated in 2023. In neuroscience, we recently completed tthey Phase 2 proof of concept studies for two assets, elezanumab in multiple sclerosis and ABB-8E12 in Alztheyimer’s disease. In tthey respective studies eittheyr assay meet tthey efficacy endpoints of tthey trial. And we will be discontinuing tthey development of elezanumab and MS and 8E12 in Alztheyimer's disease. Given tthey enormous unmet need in Alztheyimer's disease, we remain committed to finding disease modifying ttheyrapies. And we continue to pursue a range of approactheys. We have several additional programs that are eittheyr in tthey clinic today or are in preclinical development. Ttheyse include programs that modulate tthey neuroinflammatory response in Alztheyimer's disease, such as our TREM2 and CD33 programs that are both in clinical development and programs that target pathologic tau through novel mechanisms, such as approactheys that target intracellular aggregates for clearance that are in preclinical development. Following tthey accelerated approval of aducanumab in tthey U.S., ttheyre has been an increased focus on a-Beta directed programs. We have monitored ttheir area closely over tthey last several years. And based on all of tthey available data, we believe ttheyre is a continued opportunity for an a-Beta directed monoclonal antibody that clears plaque more rapidly than existing agents with a reduced risk of amyloid related imaging abnormalities or area. We have profile tthey number of a-Beta antibodies preclinically. And we have a candidate with tthey potential to meet ttheyse requirements. We expect to introduce ttheir candidate into tthey clinic by tthey end of ttheir year or early next year. Also in neuroscience, we're nearing completion of our registrational program for a ABBV-951 in advanced Parkinson's disease. We recently completed an interim analysis in tthey first of two Phase 3 studies wtheyre our subcutaneous Levodopa Carbidopa delivery system demonstrated safety and efficacy, comparable to DUOPA after six months of treatment. Tthey primary objective of ttheir trial was safety, but efficacy was also evaluated as secondary endpoints. In ttheir analysis, 951 performed very well, demonstrating a 52% reduction in normalized off time, and a 41% increase in normalized on time without troublesome dyskinesia. Patients also benefited from 915s 24 hour continuous Levodopa Carbidopa infusion, with patients experiencing substantial benefits in sleep and reduction in mourning off time. Full data from ttheir six month interim analysis will be presented at a medical meeting later ttheir year. Data from a second Phase 3 study are expected in tthey fourth quarter with our regulatory submissions anticipated later ttheir year, or early next year. And lastly, in eyecare at tthey recent meeting for tthey American Society for cataract and refractive surgery, we presented results from tthey Phase 3 Gemini 1 study evaluating our topical eye drop AGN-190584 for tthey treatment of symptoms associated with presbyopia. In ttheir study, 584 demonstrated improved near vision without impacting distance vision, with a rapid onset of action within 15 minutes, and sustained vision improvements for up to six hours. 584 has tthey potential to be convenient, on demand solution for patients with mild to moderate presbyopia, and we look forward to an approval decision later ttheir year. So, in summary, we've made great progress with our pipeline in tthey first half of ttheir year. And we look forward to several additional data readouts, regulatory submissions and approvals throughout tthey remainder of 2021. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our second quarter performance and financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Mike. Starting with second quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.11 up 32.9% compared to prior year and above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were nearly $14 billion 19.3% on a comparable operational basis, excluding a 1.6% favorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 49.7% of sales, an improvement of 260 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 82.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $606 million, and tthey adjusted tax rate was 12.6%. As Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $12.52 and $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at tthey midpoint. Excluded from ttheir guidance is $6.48 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Ttheir guidance now contemplates full year revenue growth of 10.7% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we now expect foreign exchange have 0.9% favorable impact on full year comparable sales growth. Ttheir implies a full year revenue forecast of approximately $56.3 billion. Included in ttheir guidance are tthey following updated full year assumptions. We now expect aesttheytics global revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, including approximately $2 billion from Botox Cosmetic, and approximately $1.4 billion from Juvederm. We now expect Restasis sales of approximately $1.1 billion and assume no generic competition in 2021. For Ubrelvy, we now expect sales of approximately $500 million. For women's theyalth, we now expect global revenue of approximately $900 million. And for Mavyret, we now expect global sales of approximately $1.9 billion. Looking at tthey P&L for 2021, we are now forecasting adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.7 billion and adjusted SGA expense of approximately $11.9 billion. All ottheyr full year assumptions remain unchanged. As we look atheyad to tthey third quarter, we anticipate net revenue of approximately $14.3 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have 0.5% favorable impact on comparable sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.18 and $3.22, excluding approximately $1.64 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, we continue to make great progress on our Allergan transaction commitments. We are exceeding our revenue expectations in several areas, including Botox, Vraylar, Ubrelvy and eyecare. We've also delivered expense synergies of almost $800 million during tthey first half of ttheir year, and are on track to deliver synergies of approximately $1.7 billion in 2021 and greater than $2 billion in 2022. And we have already paid down $12 billion of combined company debt. We expect to achieve $17 billion of cumulative debt paid down by tthey end of ttheir year, with furttheyr deleveraging through 2023. Ttheir will bring our net leverage ratio to 2.4 times by tthey end of 2021. And approximately two times by tthey end of 2022. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding performance. And we are very pleased with tthey strong momentum of tthey business theyading into tthey second half of tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Ms. Stheya. Our first question is from Vamil Divan with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open, sir. Vamil Divan Great. Thanks very much for taking my questions. So maybe two if I could. So one, Rick, you mentioned some of tthey Allergan products, maybe doing better than your expectation. Can you maybe, I mean, I know you don’t want to share your secret sauce. But in terms of what is it that you've noticed that has theylped to drive those products? Because it seems like it's pretty much across tthey Board, from an aesttheytic to Vraylar, Ubrelvy. So, is it around promotion efforts? Is it around some payor dynamics? Or anything you could share would be theylpful ttheyre? And ttheyn tthey second one on Imbruvica. I just want to confirm, I think you guys said that tthey new patient share across all indications now is 42%. So, I just want to see you guys are in line with what you expect at ttheir point. Obviously, ttheyre's been questions around some like competitors that have entered tthey market. And maybe you can just talk about tthey patients who are not studying on Imbruvica. So, what are you seeing as tthey reasons why ttheyy might be choosing a competitor? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Yeah, Vamil, ttheir is Rick. I'll cover certain part of tthey first question, and maybe I'll ask Jeff to jump in and cover any additional thoughts that they might have. I think as you look at ttheir business, one of tthey things that I think AbbVie is sort of known for is that, we tend to operate in a very focused and disciplined way, especially across what we consider to be growth franctheires. We expect every one of our major businesses to develop plans, to be able to maximize tthey value of ttheyir assets, both from a strategic long-term basis, but also from a short-term tactical basis. And I'll use aesttheytics as tthey example. Early on, we made tthey decision that we were going to fully integrate tthey aesttheytics business to make sure that it had tthey focus and attention ttheyre it needed because we believe ttheir business had a significant opportunity to be able to grow. We did that globally. So, if you look at Allergan in tthey past internationally, those people representing those products also had to represent eyecare and ottheyr ttheyrapeutic products. So, we moved those out into tthey ttheyrapeutic areas of AbbVie internationally and solely dedicated tthey aesttheytics group internationally to just ttheyir products. And ttheyn in tthey U.S., we operate with a similar structure and a fully integrated R&D organization is totally committed to just developing aesttheytics products and reports directly to Mike and ttheyn tthey Head of tthey Business for aesttheytics reports directly to me. And we had ttheym develop a plan that ttheyy are now executing against to be able to deliver against that. So, I think it's really three aspects of it from my perspective. It's one tthey structure we put in place. And that was a thoughtful, planned out structure. Two, it's tthey discipline processes that we use to be able to execute across all of our businesses. And ttheyn third, I'd say we have consistently invested and we do invest in businesses that we think have tthey opportunity to be able to drive long-term growth and performance in a way that we can drive that at maximum speed. And certainly, as you look at aesttheytics, we've increased tthey investment in SG&A and we've increased tthey investment in R&D. Jeff, anything you'd add? Jeff Stewart I think, Rick, tthey – I would agree, I think, big piece Vamil, was tthey - is tthey level of tthey investment. So, as we looked at tthey - particularly tthey neuroscience compounds, Vraylar and Ubrelvy, we were able to structure tthey sales forces a little differently, which was important from commercial execution and also really upgrade and drive some of tthey investment around patient activation. So, I think that all of ttheyse brands are spectacular brands leadership position. And wtheyn we got that investment profile right, we've seen tthey response, so nothing that beyond that. Going back to your question on tthey theymatology share, tthey 42% that I referred to was tthey combined AbbVie shares. So that's Imbruvica plus Venclexta across all lines of CLL. So, if you take a look - if I give you a little bit more color on tthey latest data that we have, for example, in frontline, we have 35% total AbbVie share, which is made up around 24% for Imbruvica and 11% for Venclexta. For second line share, for example, we have a 48% total AbbVie position, which is approximately 33% for Imbruvica and 15% for Venclexta. So, both of ttheyse brands are now operating at a very significant share level across CLL. I'll give you some more thoughts as you ask for in terms of color in tthey market. Beyond that leadership level that we have across tthey CLL indication, we do see that tthey CLL market is still suppressed. So, for example, patient starts year-to-date are down in tthey high single digits. And even within tthey quarter, ttheyy were down in tthey low single digits. We see that improving. And so that outlook looks to improve over tthey second part of tthey year. In terms of overall share dynamics, over tthey last several quarters, we have lost a few share points to Calquence, within tthey range of our expectations as ttheyy've ramped with ttheyir CLL ramp. But also interesting, we've seen that ttheyre's been some share increases in monottheyrapy CD20, which we think is also a COVID type of effect that will ultimately revert back to normality as we go along through tthey pandemic. So overall, tthey franctheire is performing very, very well. And as you theyard from Mike, we're tremendously excited about tthey future of tthey theym/onc franctheires as we move forward. Rob Michael And Vamil, ttheir is Rob. I'm going to come back to your first question. Just one more thing we should mention is, we've been able to really leverage our international infrastructure. And so, we set up ttheir business. We have tthey aesttheytics franctheire, focus fully internationally on that business wtheyreas Allergan had combined with ttheyrapeutics. So, we've been able to bring that focus and tthey level of investment. I think we've also been able to leverage our market access prowess. So, we’re very strong across tthey globe. And so, wtheyn you think about tthey opportunities for us going forward, I think, international certainly plays a big role as we leverage tthey Allergan business. Liz Stheya Thanks, Vamil. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. You may ask your question. Chris Schott Great. Thanks so much. Just anottheyr one on aesttheytics. Obviously, some incredibly strong numbers theyre. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on sustainability of ttheir growth? So, I guess I’m just trying to get a better sense of how much of what we're seeing right now is catch up as we exit lockdowns versus a more sustained step up in sales going forward? Just any color on that would be appreciated. My second question was RINVOQ in UC. Can you just put some of ttheir data into context as you think about tthey competitive landscape, and particularly relative to what you had anticipated in your long-term guidance for ttheir indication? I think you’re about $1 billion in IBD sales by 2025. And is that we've seen more of ttheir data set, just how comfortable are you feeling with that target and ultimately tthey role RINVOQ’s going to play in ttheir space? Thanks so much.  Rick Gonzalez Hey, Chris, ttheir is Rick. I'll take tthey aesttheytics question and ttheyn Mike can maybe cover tthey second question that you had. So, it's a great question. And it's one that we have been looking at very carefully. I mean, if you just step back and you look at tthey performance of tthey business, we've done a number of things to drive tthey business. We believe ttheir business is significantly underpenetrated wtheyn you look at tthey available patient population theyre and your ability to drive long-term penetration is tremendous. And so, that's why we've done tthey things that we've done to try to drive that demand. Globally, tthey aesttheytic sales were up 31%. If we look at tthey U.S. toxin and filler business, tthey markets up about 40% versus 2019. So, but it's hard to evaluate, I can tell you tthey vast majority of it is driven by fundamental demand. And we can see that through tthey funnel that we see patients coming in and how many of ttheym are activated to go get procedures. But we just conducted a fairly robust market research study to try to understand how much of it was COVID related. And we looked at things like how many of those patients got stimulus ctheycks, how many of ttheym were affected from an employment standpoint, and are now back at work? I'd say that study, if you looked at tthey data in that study, tthey conclusion that you withdraw from that is very little of it is COVID related. Now, I think tthey flaw is ttheir, most patients are not going to say ttheyy use stimulus money for ttheyse kinds of procedures or ottheyr kinds of things. So, I think to tthey best of our ability, what I would tell you is about two thirds of tthey performance, I think, is fundamental demand, and maybe one-third of it is pent up demand. We're going to need a couple more quarters, I think to see how that plays out. But I'd say that's our best assessment right now. So, very robust growth eittheyr way, and it could sustain a little bit better than that. But I think, you can pretty well count on two thirds of it being fundamental demand at sustainable longer term. Mike? Michael Severino I'll take tthey question on RINVOQ UC. What I would say is tthey data that we've seen from RINVOQ UC has exceeded our expectations from an episode perspective, and tthey results ttheyy are very strong. UC has been very difficult to treat pharmacologically and getting high rates of permission. And ttheir response has been challenging and both has delivered those now account just across number of studies. And I think from a safety perspective, it's also performed very well. I commented in my remarks, fact that overall rates of ttheyse serious AEs are actually lower with RINVOQ [ph]. Now tthey reason for that is that many of ttheyse AEs are driven by self and with tthey improvement in tthey ease to use UC ttheyn improve as well. And with respect to events of interest, tthey safety profile has worked very, very well with ttheyir segment A, segment B and ottheyr events rates have been comparable to controls. And so overall, we feel very confident in tthey long term guidance that we put out. But one thing that's important to keep in mind is that long term guidance is 2025 guidance. And our IBD assets will be in relatively early stage of launch by that time. But tthey profiles that I've talked about not only for RINVOQ, but also for SKYRIZI bode well, not only 2025 guidance, but for tthey long term growth of that aesttheytic as opportunity ttheyre as well. Liz Stheya Thanks Chris. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question will be from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. You may ask your question sir. Ronny Gal Good morning, and thank you for taking tthey questions. First one is on ABBV-951. You've mentioned tthey efficacy rates. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about tthey skin safety profile as compared to tthey neogen product or tthey apomorphine IV from Europe, especially wtheyn it comes to tthey some more severe effects like Abscess and Okta? Tthey second question is staying with a pipeline is a little bit of budget a-Beta. Didn't take long for you guys to walk into that. I was kind of wondering if you can talk a little bit about tthey science that you're discovering, is tthey right approach to get to tthey best effect with minimal side effects to try to remove as much flak as possible in a very targeted manner? Or should tthey approach be to go after soluble [indiscernible] and approach to removal of plaque indirectly? Michael Severino Okay, so ttheir is Mike, I'll take both of those questions. With respect to 951 we’ll publish full data from tthey Phase 3 study that I described at a medical meeting and ttheyn ultimately, in peer reviewed journals as well. But what I can say is tthey skin safety has looked good to our eye and is within our expectations well within our expectations. As one would expect with a cutaneous device, ttheyre are some local reactions, but those have generally been mild and resolved with continuing treatment. We've not seen significant issues with more severe types of skin about tthey safety profile, and we think tthey patient friendly aspects of subcutaneous delivery that has some parallels to an insulin pump like device will be a real advantage theyre because it allows patients to get that to open like efficacy that's transformative without tthey need for placement of a gastric tube that's unthreaded in tthey small bowel and very, very difficult to manage. And so, we feel very good about tthey potential for 951. With respect to a-Beta, I think if one looks at all of tthey data, it's quite clear that if you can remove plaque rapidly, ttheyn ttheyre will be a benefit, and tthey key parameter that we would need to see is deep reductions in level of plaque and rapid reductions in tthey level of plaque, because you won't start to see a cognitive benefit, we believe until you get to that amyloid negativity level bypass, which is 20 centroids, until you reduce patients to that level. So, tthey goal would be to get ttheym ttheyre as rapidly as possible. And to do that, while minimizing tthey impact of area. And we think that that can be done through epitopes selection. Ttheyre are slight differences in tthey amyloid forms that are present in vessel wall compared to plaque. And with appropriate epitopes selection, we believe that our preclinical data would support that you can do that with reduced risk of area. And of course, we now need to see wtheyttheyr tthey clinical data supports that as well. But those are tthey basic principles that we're following. We've obviously had ttheyse candidates before tthey aducanumab approval, because as I said, we've been monitoring ttheir area quite closely. But we think ttheir is a good time to advance those candidates and to determine wtheyttheyr tthey science I described plays out in tthey clinic. But our approactheys with respect to a-Beta are based on plaque, not soluble forms of [Indiscernible]. Ronny Gal Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Ronnie. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Baum with Citi. You may ask your question. Andrew Baum Many thanks. A few question, Jeff. Firstly, on tthey outlook for rebaiting and oncology, ttheir is somewhat of a novelty, at least theirtorically. I know that yes, excluded Calquence from ttheyir formulary, ttheyre's obviously increased ttheyrapeutic competition in tthey space. How should we be thinking about tthey rebaiting outlook and oncology going forward more broadly? Second, on tthey U.S. paybacks through COVID and now in tthey recovery stage, could you outline tthey magnitude of which you've had to increase and ttheyn decrease tthey Medicaid components in tthey patient assistance programs? Or wtheyttheyr you're seeing that improvements, some sense of scale and direction ttheyre? Many thanks. Michael Severino Yeah, thank you, Andrew. And to start with oncology. I mean, largely, as you know tthey rebaiting has been done through tthey sort of tthey GPO channel. And particularly with tthey physician in office dynamics that are in that sector, we don't see significant rebaiting happening at tthey PDM level. And if it is, it's quite modest. I think tthey certainly from tthey ESI standpoint that you highlighted, that was an ESI decision. That was not certainly something that AbbVie approach that particular payer with any sort of deal. Our philosophy is that ttheyse drugs are very important for oncologists to have basically open access for all of ttheyse agents. So, I think it is something that we've seen some of ttheyse lights that have started to turn on. But ttheyy've been quite modest. And I don't think that ttheyy're going to be a super accelerant that we should be overly worried about. That's my position on that. I think ttheir tthey second approach in terms of sorry, that was tthey question on tthey magnitude of tthey Medicaid. Yeah, ttheir has been quite interesting. We've seen, certainly on all of tthey data, tthey fact that tthey enrollment in Medicaid has gone up. Wtheyn we look across our businesses at let's say, acute channel shifts in terms of tthey utilization, ttheyy're relatively modest. Ttheyy're ttheyre, so we don't see massive movements around our channels shifting that link to tthey magnitude of what you might see in terms of tthey enrollments. So it's relatively modest, certainly manageable. And I think, certainly, as we see tthey jobs positioned come back and that could be quite strong, I think we'll see any modest movement will be corrected over tthey next several quarters. Rick Gonzalez And ttheir is Rick. Going atheyad I'd add to tthey second question is so we have a very extensive and I would say generous PAP program in place that's really designed to ensure that patients who can't afford our medicines, have tthey ability to be able to access those medicines free of charge in many cases. As an example, 99% of tthey applications we get for uninsured patients we approve we actually just increased tthey program to 600% of tthey federal poverty level across all of our brands. And so, it's a program that I think is designed to fulfill tthey mission that I just described. And that is that patients who need our medicines can get ttheym from us if ttheyy can't afford to pay for ttheym, or whatever system that ttheyy operate in. And but we have not seen and much to our surprise, we have not seen that program increased dramatically, even through COVID. And we advertise directly to patients that if ttheyy lost ttheyir job during COVID, that we would provide our medicines to ttheym. But I wouldn't say, as I said, much to our surprise we didn't see tthey volume go up dramatically. Liz Stheya Thank you, Andrew. Next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Your line is open, sir. Geoffrey Porges Thank you very much. Lots of questions. But I'll focus first on RINVOQ. Rick, you've given tthey long term guidance of recall $7 billion in revenue by 2025. I think and by means correct me if I don't recall correctly. But if you only get tthey 15 milligram dose approved, if that's tthey outcome of tthey deliberations of tthey FDA, but you get tthey approvals in Europe, can you achieve that revenue guidance? You’re confident enough in tthey 15 milligram program? And ttheyn secondly, for Mike. You'll see us development program seems to have been sort of reactivated. And could you talk a little bit about your conviction, a little bit more detail on a 119? We don't know much about that. Are you confident that it can be active see through correct that matctheys up to your competition? Because clearly that's a big revenue opportunity that we have reflected in. Thanks. Rick Gonzalez So, Jeffrey, ttheir is Rick, on your first question. Yes, tthey guidance for RINVOQ is $8 billion. And I would say we're confident that even with a 15 milligram, we will sustain that guidance. If you look at tthey performance of tthey 15 milligram is quite remarkable. And so, we feel good about tthey performance of RINVOQ, we continue to see strong uptake of RINVOQ, and physician interest and is consistent with what we would expect. So, I think we're fine now. Michael Severino Ttheir is my context, a question on tthey CF program. Wtheyn we restructured tthey collaboration with Galapagos. A few years ago, to take direct operational control of that program, we had a couple of goals. One is we wanted to make sure that we're optimizing tthey potentiator in C1 components of tthey regimen. We felt we had a best in class, C1 in Q2. But we believed we needed to make a switch in tthey potentiator to one that we already had in hand. And we've done that. We also believe that we needed a C2 corrector. That’s in that time period a few years ago did not exist. So, we needed a C2 corrector that had tthey potential to be best in class. And so, what we did is we put a significant internal ctheymistry effort to come up with a number of compounds. 119 is tthey most advanced and a very promising one that we believe fit that bill. And based on all tthey preclinical profiling, we think 119 can be a best in class C2 corrector. And with tthey ottheyr components of or triple, we think we can deliver best in class efficacy with appropriate pharmacological properties, dosing, low DDIs, et cetera. And so, we are now in a proof-of-concept Phase 2 study in tthey clinic to determine wtheyttheyr those preclinical data will in fact spare out. What I would say theyre is tthey preclinical assays are good. Ttheyy're much more predictive than ttheyy are in ottheyr areas because we fundamentally know what tthey defect is in CF, and we can study it in appropriate tissues in human tissues in vitro. But ultimately, we're going to need to see tthey clinical data. By right around tthey end of tthey year, we'll see internally proof of concept results for that triple. We'd probably be in a position to announce ttheym externally early next year, and those will be data that will include impact on FET1 with a triple. And so that will tell us wtheyttheyr we can be best in class. And I agree if we are best in class, I think it's a very significant opportunity and we will progress it rapidly. Now, it's a proof-of-concept study. So, if it's successful, we'd have some additional dose ranging to do. We're studying tthey higtheyst dose of 119, to determine wtheyttheyr it can have that effect we'd have to do some additional dose ranging to determine tthey optimal dose of 119, but that can be done rapidly. And ttheyn we would, if successful move into Phase 3 development. Geoffrey Porges All right. Thanks Mike. Liz Stheya Thanks, Geoff. Operator next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from 6 Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Your line is open, sir. Geoff Meacham Morning, everyone. Thanks for tthey question. Just had a few quick ones. Anottheyr one on JAK safety. And Mike you mentioned you expect regulatory action in tthey next few months? Can you just give us some perspective on that? Is ttheyre any data that you're still waiting on to submit? And is ttheyre still tthey potential for an advisory panel? And ttheyn tthey second one is on Ubrelvy. Maybe just give us some color on tthey on tthey new start dynamic? What are tthey patients recapturing? What share are you getting from and maybe just theylp us with kind of tthey -- what ottheyr wins do you have to make with respect to formulary access and share? Thank you. Michael Severino I'll take tthey first question and ttheyn Jeff will take tthey second question on Ubrelvy. So, with respect to JAK safety, we have indicated that we believe that an action is possible in tthey next few months. That's based on our discussions with tthey agency and what timing we think is reasonable. It's not a specific action date, like tthey PDUFA dates that had been set in tthey past. So, we will continue to monitor it as tthey process continues to move along. But tthey rate limiting factor, as we understand it is tthey agency's review of tthey tofacitinib oral surveillance data. And I think once that is completed, we will be able to move forward with Goodspeed with arm review. But ttheyre are no additional data from a safety perspective or no ottheyr substantial analysis that tthey agency is waiting on for us. We provided our updated benefit risk quite some time ago, as we announced publicly. And tthey agency has not requested any additional data. So, it's really that review of tthey tofacitinib oral surveillance is gaining as we understand it. With respect to an advisory panel, tthey agency always has tthey authority to call one if ttheyy desire to have one. But what I would say is, if ttheyy were planning on having an advisory committee. I would expect ttheym to already be preparing for that and already have that process in motion. And we would know that, and ttheyre's no indication that that is underway at ttheir time. Jeff Stewart Right, and I'll take tthey Ubrelvy question. As I mentioned, we're very, very pleased with Ubrelvy and really our overall migraine portfolio that we're rapidly developing theyre. To give you some sense, it's quite remarkable. I mean, if you look at tthey total acute oral CGRP category, so that's us and tthey competitor. It's about 18% of all new prescriptions, and it continues to grow very, very quickly. So again, it shows you how hard patients and physicians are. Are looking for tthey adoption of ttheyse particular agents, even though you have to step through a Triptan, some cases two Triptan. So, tthey market demand is very, very substantial. Wtheyn we look to tthey overall performance, we can see that roughly tthey two agents are sort of splitting tthey acute indication. Some of tthey more weeklies are now being a little confounded by tthey new preventative episodic approval from Neurotech. But nonettheyless, I think that's a small piece of tthey story. Wtheyn we sort of peel out some of ttheyir new preventative scripts, we still have tthey leadership position for tthey acute market. But I really think tthey bigger picture is how fast that segment will expand over time? And we anticipate that will continue to lead that based on Ubrelvy’s overall profile. Our overall access dynamics are quite good. So, we really have roughly a 90% access. Again, some of that access demands a step through a Triptan. But overall, wtheyn you look at how fast that category is going, we don't really anticipate that ttheyre's major new plans that we need to achieve any sort of incremental access position. And so, basically our commercial strategy continues to be how hard can we drive ttheir acute segment and lead that acute segment. And as I mentioned in my prepared remark, anticipating tthey arrival in tthey late third quarter for Atogepant, which has just a spectacular profile for episodic migraine. So, thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Geoff. Operator next question, please. Operator Our next question is from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. You may ask your question. Tim Anderson Thank you. It's well known that AbbVie rebates theyavily on Humira in tthey U.S. So, wtheyn biosimilars launch, won’t you potentially have room to pull back on those rebates, which could mean, basically tthey meaningful offset to last Humira volumes. It seems like it could end up being in tthey billions of dollars that you could pull back in house. And I realized ttheyre's RINVOQ and SKYRIZI dynamic to consider. And related to that line of questioning how does tthey prospect of interchangeability biosimilars impact your thinking on ttheir front? If interchangeable, generics are allowed or not allowed? How does that impact what you might do with those rebate dollars? And ttheyn second question, quick one, just tthey range of outcomes for wtheyn Imbruvica might face generics in tthey U.S. Is it in tthey realm of possibilities that AbbVie enters into settlement agreements with legal challengers that could push out generic timing? Rick Gonzalez Hi Jim, it’s Rick. So, I'll cover tthey first two questions that you have ttheyre. I would say let me start with interchangeability. We've outlined now over tthey last year or two, I think pretty specifically what we view tthey biosimilar impact in tthey U.S. to be and we are assuming that ttheyre will be two interchangeable biosimilars. And that's in tthey thought process of tthey erosion models that we have described many, many times now. So, we are assuming ttheyre will be interchangeability. We're certainly not in a position wtheyre we're going to talk about what we're going to do from tthey standpoint of rebates. We've always competed very effectively in ttheyse markets. Certainly, tthey focus for us going forward is tthey next generation assets, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. And you can see now, those two assets ttheir year will do $4.6 billion. So, call it $5 billion. Ttheyy're rapidly growing. And ttheyy're doing exactly what we had hoped ttheyy would do. Ttheyy have higtheyr levels of efficacy, and ttheyy're ramping dramatically. And ttheyy will buffer tthey impact of biosimilar impact in tthey U.S. And so, what I'd say is tthey strategy is going exactly tthey way we had hoped it would go. We'll fill out tthey range of indications on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. And continue to drive those assets into tthey marketplace effectively. On Imbruvica? John Schumactheyr Yeah, hi. Ttheir is John Schumactheyr. Our Imbruvica composition of matter patent expires in May of 2028 assuming that we get tthey pediatric extension. We do have later expiring IP covering methods of use formulations, crystal forms, and tthey like. Our long-range plan currently assumes tthey loss of exclusivity in tthey U.S. in May of 2028 wtheyn tthey composition of matter of patent expires. Ttheyre is litigation ongoing with one remaining and a filer. And we're awaiting a decision on that. Tim Anderson Thank you. Liz Stheya Great, thank you Tim. Operator next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question. Matttheyw Harrison Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just a follow up question on CFP, I guess first two parts theyre. First, are you confident that you have a potentiator that's active and improve versus tthey Galapagos compound? Because I think we've seen a lot of issues with people trying to develop potentiators. Ttheyy're as good as Kaleidoco. And ttheyn, second, I know you talked about FPV 1, have you looked at sweat chloride at all? Obviously, you need a larger patient sample size to get a good directional view on FPV 1. I'm wondering if we looked at smaller patient numbers on sweat chloride. Thanks. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike. I’ll take that. With respect to tthey potentiator, we are convinced that we have a potentiator that has activity and we've changed tthey potentiator from some of those prior combinations that were pursued earlier on in tthey Galapagos collaboration. We think that, that potentiator it has clear signs of activity, we think tthey C1 character is very good and probably best in class based on tthey data that we have seen that were generated earlier in tthey collaboration. We put ttheir up, tthey principal piece that was missing was that CTO and we think we have a good one. With respect to tthey endpoints while it does take a larger sample size, to look at FPV 1 we feel like FPV 1 is what really matters theyre. That's what's going to translate into clinical benefit for patients. And so, our proof-of-concept study will show us FPV 1 and that's tthey primary measure that we are going to use to determine wtheyttheyr to advance tthey triple or not. Liz Stheya Thank you, Matttheyw. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Scala with Cowen. Your line is open, sir. Steve Scala Thank you, a couple questions. Many of tthey questions so far suggests concerns around RINVOQ. But I'm wondering if ttheir could all turn into be a positive. So, to what extent do you believe RINVOQ prescribing might be being theyld back by competitor product concerns? So, once those concerns are resolved and or RINVOQ emerges unscattheyd, if it does. RINVOQ could even do better. And we could be looking at a sharp acceleration in share gains and prescription trends in Q4. So that's tthey first question. And secondly, on Humira contract renewals that will be signed in coming months for 2022. What is tthey typical duration of those contracts? Are ttheyy typically 12 months? 24 months, 36 months? If you can give us an idea of that that would be theylpful. Thank you. Michael Severino Yeah, it's a very good question. And ttheir question we fought a lot about, let me give you some perspective on RINVOQ. So, if you look at our, let's say, our demand performance, and I think I mentioned my prepared remarks, we've been very consistent about 15% in place share in tthey large RA market, which is just under Humira, which has grown a little bit over tthey COVID times and since January to about 18%. So, we're very, very stable. And I do believe that ttheyre is some overhang on certain segments of prescribers that have, let's say, going back a little bit to tthey TNF, really our own product, Humira. So, it's not outside of tthey realm of possibility as ttheir resolves and really largely, as you probably theyard, or seen Xeljanz has lost in play share over that period. So, I do believe ttheyre's a little overhang in certain, probably significant segments of Rtheyumatology. So, we are anxiously awaiting tthey resolution theyre of oral surveillance, which obviously has delayed our regulatory submissions. But it's not outside of tthey realm of possibility, given tthey very significant and differentiated data that we have in our packages, that we can see an acceleration as things resolve. But we're going to anxiously be monitoring. And certainly, be prepared to anticipate any outcome ttheyre. Rick Gonzalez And see, ttheir is Rick. On tthey contracting question, I'll handle that one. It varies quite a bit based on product and by managed care organization, but I'd say typically, so it can be some of ttheym can be as short as 12 months, it's probably more common to be in a 24 month range from a contracting standpoint. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Steve. Operator next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Q - Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler. Please ask your question. Chris Raymond Thanks. Just on tthey a-Beta program and you answered a few questions. But I think I theyard you describe tthey product that you're targeting tthey plaques and not tthey cybil forms of a-Beta. Just kind of maybe if you, wonder if you can give a little bit more color on tthey driver of that have gone forward with that. Did you guys -- does your science sort of tell you that amyloid beta oligomers, for example, are not a driver of tthey disease or ttheir is more of a decision that's driven by tthey regulatory precedents of approving targeting tthey a-Beta plaques. And ttheyn maybe also, if you can get a little more detail on ttheir molecule is likely an IV, or possibly subcue delivered antibody? Thanks. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike, I'll take that. With respect to tthey focus on plaque, I think wtheyn one looks at all of tthey data, you can conclude that if you can reduce plaque rapidly, from that point forward, you can see a benefit. So, in ottheyr words, getting tthey majority of patients to a level wtheyre ttheyy are amyloid negative by PET, so below 20 [ph] centoloids. And doing that rapidly is what's required to see a benefit emerge over time. And part of tthey importance of speed is that you're not going to see that benefit until you get to that level. So, if you spend tthey entire period of a trial, getting to that level, you don't ttheyn have an opportunity within that trial to see an improvement in cognition. And of course, for patients, if you don't get to that level fast enough, ttheyy're not going to drive benefit for a period of sometimes too many years. And ttheyy need really faster than that. So, that's our focus on plaque. With respect to different components and tthey role of oligomers. I think it's hard to tease that apart right now, what we know from tthey data is what I said that getting patients to amyloid negativity, but reducing plaque is what seems to drive a clinical benefit, wtheyttheyr ttheyre are upstream steps that one could try to impact to achieve tthey same result. I think it's an open question. And we're going wtheyre tthey science tells us to go today. With respect to IV or subcue, I think it's early to answer that question. It's going to relate to ultimately tthey delivered dose. And ttheyn dose forms that can be delivered. So, for example, ttheyre are on body injectors and ottheyr things that can deliver more than tthey traditional one or two and those of a solution containing a monoclonal antibody. So, ttheyre are approactheys that could be IV or subcue, but I think it's a little bit early to make predictions on how that will all play out. Chris Raymond Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. It comes from Luisa Hector with Berenberg. Your line is open. Luisa Hector Hello, thank you for taking my question. Sorry, going back to RINVOQ again, but I just wanted to ctheyck that tthey approval of tthey pending indications isn't a particular gating item for your filing in UC. And ttheyn I see that you haven't changed your guidance for RINVOQ for ttheir year. And I know previously, you've stated that maybe would only ever be a small contribution ttheir year. But rattheyr than self, I just wonder wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any particular savings on your launch costs ttheir year due to tthey delay? And ttheyn maybe on TMB-383. Again, I think I've understood ttheir is now 100% belonging to you. So just to ctheyck, no impact from tthey Amgen acquisition? And ttheyn wtheyn might we see a Phase 2 start looks like you have a dose data very compelling. So how soon could we be looking out for that trial starting data? Thank you. Michael Severino Okay, ttheir is Mike. I'll start with tthey RINVOQ question and pass it to Rob. And ttheyn I'll come back or tthey 383 question. With respect to tthey UC filing, tthey UC filing is not dependent on tthey approvals in tthey ottheyr indications. And obviously, tthey timing of release of review of tthey UC filing would carry it out to a point wtheyre those matters wtheyre I think, based on any reasonable expectation be resolved. Rob Michael Yeah, and your question regarding tthey guidance for RINVOQ. So you're right, we did give guidance to $1.7 billion early ttheir year, assuming we would have a new indications approved. We said that would be a minor contribution, think of it in that couple of hundred-million-dollar range. But given tthey strong performance out of tthey RA indication, we've maintained that guidance, despite tthey fact that those approvals are delayed. Ttheyre is some level of savings in terms of SG&A related to approvals being delayed. But at tthey same time, we're investing tthey business you'd look at, we're doing tthey aesttheytics. Obviously, ottheyr parts of Allergan business, ttheyre's opportunity to invest more broadly. So overall, SG&A is up because we are investing for long term growth, but ttheyre is some level of savings associated with tthey RINVOQ delays. Michael Severino With respect to 383, tthey BCMA, CD3 bispecific, you're correct, ttheyre is no impact of tthey Amgen acquisition of Teneobio on that. Tthey asset would be ours and it would be unencumbered by anything related to tthey Amgen acquisition. In terms of Phase 2 timing, we plan to move forward very rapidly, not only with Phase 2, but with Phase 3 studies. With ttheir asset, we think tthey data that have been generated are very strong, very high levels of response, good levels at tthey DGPR were better thresholds with a very good safety profile as well and a profile that would fit well with combination ttheyrapy and move to earlier lines of ttheyrapy. So, we'll advance tthey program aggressively and we'll update on tthey specifics a little bit later on in tthey year. Liz Stheya Thanks, Luisa. Operator next question, please. Operator Our next question will come from Daniel Busby with RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question. Daniel Busby Good morning. I've got two questions. First, a bigger picture question on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. You've got to do peak sales for both products in tthey early 2030s. Ttheyre's been a lot of focus on near term regulatory hurdles, particularly for RINVOQ. But ttheyre's also a lot that could happen competitively between now and ttheyn. So, with that said, what do you view is tthey biggest potential longer term competitive threats for both of those drugs, and particularly given tthey ongoing emergence and maturation of new drug modalities? And second, can you talk a little bit about tthey assumptions you've built into overall guidance relating to tthey Delta variant, and wtheyttheyr that's changed at all tthey way you think about tthey second half recovery? Thank you. Michael Severino We go through a fairly rigorous and by that I'd say a very rigorous long range planning process wtheyre we evaluate what we think tthey comparative alternatives might be and tthey profile of our assets versus ottheyr assets. And I would say as we look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, and tthey clinical data that has been generated is certainly achieving or exceeding tthey expectations that we had for those assets. I don't see anything on tthey horizon, that would make it in a timeframe that would have a material impact on those assets based on tthey guidance that we provided, or even longer-term guidance out to typically do a 10-year long range planning process. So yes, ttheyre are certainly many, many modalities that are available today across many of ttheyse ttheyrapeutic areas. It's having tthey right kind of asset, and tthey right kind of clinical performance. And ttheyn everything else that wraps around that market access and all tthey ottheyr things you have to be effective at in order to achieve tthey level of performance that ttheyse assets are achieving. And so, bottom line is, I think we feel very confident in our assumptions theyre. As it relates to tthey Delta variant. I think as we look at tthey guidance that we are providing in tthey second half, it certainly is reflective of what we assume -- we don't assume dramatic changes in tthey U.S. or ottheyr major markets around tthey world and wtheyre we are today. We're assuming major levels of recovery in certain markets, eittheyr that are currently in lockdown, like Australia as an example, or in many of tthey Asian markets outside of outside of China and Singapore. So, I think we've properly represented it. I think tthey theyalthcare system in tthey U.S. in particular has experienced that we have last year tells us that tthey theyalthcare system can much better treat ttheyse patients. And we're not assuming that we see anything that would be significant in ttheir shift in tthey U.S. from a lockdown standpoint. Liz Stheya Thanks, Daniel. Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator It will come from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, sir. Gary Nachman Hi. Good morning. And thanks for squeezing me in. Sorry, but one more RINVOQ first. Curious why you think Europe doesn't seem as concerned with JAK class tthey way tthey FDA has been since you got tthey positive opinion on atopic derm for both doses ttheyre? And how you see uptake in Europe versus tthey U.S. overall? Is ttheyre a difference in perception, you think in those regions with tthey class? And ttheyn regarding Vraylar for MDD? How are tthey Phase 3 studies gone overall? Did you change anything with respect to enrollment numbers or sites during tthey course of tthey pandemic since ttheyse Phase 3 data are coming soon? And have you done any more work sizing up tthey potential market opportunity, wtheyre you think it would be used most for MDD? What types of patients? Thank you. Michael Severino So, ttheir is Mike, I'll start and ttheyn I'll pass it over to Jeff for some initial additional comments. With respect to RINVOQ and tthey regulatory environment in tthey prescriber perception prescriber environment, between Europe and tthey U.S., we do see differences. And tthey European authorities, and tthey European prescribing base seems to place less emphasis on ttheyse signals and view ttheym more specifically to tthey molecules that generated tthey data ttheyn tthey EU have. Why that is? I can't give you a single reason ottheyr than ttheyse are both very large, competent jurisdictions that have come to ttheyir own impressions of tthey data. And those impressions have different somewhat. As you've said, for atopic derm we got tthey positive opinion from tthey CHMP for both tthey 15 and 30 milligram doses. We think tthey data are very supportive of that decision. And we look forward to launching that indication in Europe. And we think it's going to be an important additional indication, as it will be in tthey U.S. wtheyn we do get to approval. With respect to uptake in Europe, Jeff, I don't know if you want to comment? Jeff Stewart Yeah, as I mentioned in my remarks, tthey uptake on RINVOQ in many major markets is very, very strong. Now, as you know, waiting for reimbursement takes a little bit more time than tthey U.S. but as I highlighted, we have in play leadership and ttheir is including tthey TNF to biosimilars in Germany, France, Canada, for example. So, it's quite strong. I think anottheyr point that I'd like to make, and we certainly see it in some of tthey early launch countries with PSA and AS. Ttheyre appears to be a synergistic effect which makes some sense from a commercial standpoint. As countries like Germany start to introduce PSA and AS, tthey entire RINVOQ molecule starts to accelerate and move faster. And so again, given tthey last question I answered, we're actually anxiously awaiting tthey approval of those extra room indications ttheyre. So it's quite strong. And as I highlighted again and Mike mentioned, our label theyre in atopic derm is going to look quite strong in tthey European markets. Mike, maybe you can hit on MDD and ttheyn I'll address tthey market structure ttheyre. Michael Severino With respect to Vraylar and MDD, we did a deep dive on tthey Phase 3 studies shortly after closing tthey acquisition of Allergan. And what I would say is, we found that tthey studies were very well designed. We were comfortable with important considerations like patient selection, selection of sites that we believe would give quality data. We looked at tthey blinded aggregate characteristics of tthey population roles. You look at tthey baseline characteristics, and you don't know who's on active or placebo, but you can just see if you're enrolling tthey right patient population, and we believe we were. All of tthey measures are designed and seem to be behaving appropriately. And so, we feel good about tthey design characteristics of that study. And we did not feel that it was necessary to make any changes. But we did do that deep dive to be sure of that as I said, what we found was in fact reassuring. With respect to tthey market opportunity, I'll just make a couple of comments. And I'll hand it off to Jeff, for some more detail. But what I would say is, depression obviously is a substantial indication. And it's one that is very difficult to treat with existing agents. About 50% of patients don't achieve adequate control with monottheyrapy with frontline agents like SSRIs, or SNRIs. And so, ttheyre is an important opportunity for adjunctive ttheyrapy. And obviously, ttheir is an adjunctive MDD indication. So, that would be tthey population that we would be looking at. Jeff, do you want to comment in more detail on that? Jeff Stewart Yeah, I mean, if we look at tthey market structure, obviously, you have schizophrenia, which is a relatively modest market, and we have a good growing position ttheyre with our existing indication. And ttheyn you have tthey prescriptions and really tthey different bipolar segments. And what I would say about not tthey big depression market, but tthey adjunctive MDD market that Mike spoke about. It's about tthey same size in terms of a prescription value to tthey bipolar segment. So, adjunctive MDD, if tthey studies were to progress as we see is really gives us a chance to access a market that's equally sized for tthey one that we're competing in today. So, it's quite attractive as we continue to look for tthey final readout of those trials. Liz Stheya Thanks, Gary. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.