Start Time: 09:00 January 1, 0000 9:54 AM ET Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call January 28, 2022, 09:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - CEO Bobby Stokes - EVP and CFO Jon Edwards - EVP and Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Brady Gailey - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Roger Demba - Truist Securities Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc. Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's Ameris Bank Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brandon, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now pass over to your host to begin, Bobby Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Bobby Stokes Great. Thank you, Brandon. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We have list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Bobby, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call ttheir morning. I'm really pleased with tthey financial results we reported yesterday and excited to share some of tthey highlights from tthey quarter as we had a tremendous year for 2022.  For 2021, we earned a record 368.7 million or $5.29 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up 22% over 2020 results. Ttheir represents an ROA of 1.69% and a return on average tangible equity of 20.19%. We had a fantastic fourth quarter as we earned 81.5 million or $1.17 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, and ttheir represents a 1.40% return on average assets and a 16.88% return on tangible equity.  On tthey balance ttheyyet side of things, we were extremely pleased with our organic growth. Exclusive of PPP runoff and our Balboa acquisition, loans grew over 383 million for tthey fourth quarter or over 10% annualized. And that brings our full year 2021 loan growth to 1.4 billion or 10.5%, excluding tthey PPP runoff.  Tthey Balboa acquisition brought anottheyr 665 million of loans on our balance ttheyyet. We continue to anticipate 2022 loan growth in tthey upper single digits. We certainly have tthey liquidity to fund it, as our deposits have continued to grow.  Our total deposits now are approaching $20 billion with noninterest-bearing deposits accounting for over 39% of total deposits. Bobby is going to provide more detail shortly, but know that we remain focused on ways to safely deploy our excess liquidity.  As to capital position, it remains strong. We've consistently said we're focused on tangible book value growth. And while we did have some dilution in tthey fourth quarter from tthey Balboa acquisition, we still grew tangible book value by over 10% in 2021. And with anticipated earnings, we forecast last quarter's tangible book value within tthey next quarter.  As reported last quarter, we have a share repurchase program outstanding until tthey 31st of October ttheir year. We repurchased 1.3 million during tthey fourth quarter, which leaves approximately 78 million left on that program.  And while we don't anticipate executing on ttheir during tthey first quarter of 2022, we do like having tthey optionality if tthey right opportunity presents itself. As for tthey dividend, we still remain very comfortable wtheyre tthey dividend stands today.  Moving on to credit. Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer, is with us today and certainly available to take any credit questions after our prepared remarks. But overall, we are very pleased with our credit metrics. We had net recoveries of $556,000 ttheir quarter, which is tthey second consecutive quarter of net recoveries.  NPAs were 43 basis points at year end. Loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey quarter were minimal. And those that remain are primarily mortgage related. Our allowance coverage ratio, excluding unfunded commitments, was 1.06 at tthey end of tthey year. In tthey fourth quarter, we were proud to announce our purchase of tthey Balboa Capital Corporation, which is a FinTech provider business lending solutions to small and mid-sized businesses nationwide. We've already begun to integrate and leverage ttheyir technology into tthey rest of tthey Bank. So wtheyn you combine ttheyir technology with our strong Souttheyastern markets, it only reinforces tthey overall potential for us for 2022.  And in terms of momentum, I wanted to share some of tthey core fundamentals driving our positive outlook ttheir year. We have an asset-sensitive balance ttheyyet with over 40% variable rate loans. And ttheyn ttheyre's actually anottheyr 10% on top of that, which is short duration fixed rate loans that behave more like variable rate loans. So we're well positioned in terms of margin expansion and NII expansion.  We have a strong loan pipeline. And even after we had our best production quarter in tthey theirtory of tthey company, it still remains robust. We continue to meet our growth expectations and a lot of that we are very fortunate to be in some of tthey best markets within tthey Souttheyast and more importantly have tthey experienced bankers to theylp us execute in those markets.  We've also got $70 million of revenue anticipated for tthey growth and forecasted from Balboa, which will be very meaningful, which allows us to target an ROA in tthey 1.30% to 1.40% range and a return on tangible common equity well above 15%. So you combine all that with a culture of expense control, that way we should be able to still maintain a sub 55% efficiency ratio.  I'll stop ttheyre now and turn it over to Bobby to discuss our financial results in more detail. Bobby Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. For tthey fourth quarter, we're reporting net income of 81.9 million or $1.18 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned 81.5 million or $1.17 per diluted share. And that's wtheyn you exclude tthey servicing asset recovery, merger and conversion charges and gain on sale of premises. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey fourth quarter was 1.40%, and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 16.88%. For tthey full year 2021, we're reporting net income of 376.9 million or $5.40 per diluted share, which is a record year for Ameris.  On an adjusted basis, we earned 368.7 million or $5.29 per diluted share, which is still a record. That compared to 300.5 million or $4.33 last year. That brings our full year ROA to 1.69% compared to 1.56% last year and our full year ROTCE to 20.19% compared to 19.77% last year.  For tthey full year 2021, we had a 10.8% increase in tangible book value to end at $26.26. Our tangible common equity ratio was 8.05% at tthey end of tthey year compared to 8.88% at tthey end of tthey third quarter due to tthey Balboa acquisition. And a lot of ttheir solution is a timing issue. We added those assets right at tthey end of tthey quarter without tthey benefit of tthey Balboa earnings.  In addition, tthey approximate $3 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet negatively impacted ttheir ratio by 135 basis points. If you exclude that cash from total assets, our TCE ratio would have been around 9.39% at quarter end or at year end, which is well above our stated target of 9%.  So we estimate that tthey TCE ratio will be closer to 8.5% by tthey end of tthey first quarter and well above 9% by tthey end of tthey year, if not sooner. We continue to be well capitalized and we feel comfortable with our capital and dividend level.  Ttheyn moving on to net interest income and margin. Our net interest income for tthey quarter increased by $5.2 million, of which $3.4 million was in tthey core bank, $3.6 million was from Balboa and ttheyn those two increases were offset by a $2 million decline in tthey mortgage.  Our net interest margin declined 4 basis points which was consistent with our previous guidance from 3.22% in tthey third quarter to 3.18% ttheir quarter. Our yield on earning assets declined by 5 basis points and our total funding cost decreased by 1 basis point. Kind of tthey leading factors into tthey margin squeeze, we had 7 basis points of compression due to that growth in excess liquidity. And that was offset by 2 basis points of additional PPP accretion, and ttheyn that 1 basis point of improvement in our total funding cost. So excluding that excess liquidity, our margin would have actually improved ttheir quarter.  On Slide 8, you can see tthey approximate $3 billion of excess liquidity and how it accounts for 54 basis points of a negative margin compression from one year ago. And without that excess liquidity, our fourth quarter margin ttheir year is exactly tthey same as it was last year.  In addition, we had about $314 million of Balboa debt that was still sitting on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of tthey year. We've paid that off. It was accretive to tthey margin and we anticipate that Balboa will positively impact tthey margin going forward.  As we stated, we have about $3 billion of excess liquidity. We anticipate net loan growth ttheir year in tthey high single digit, kind of that 7% to 9%, which is about 1.1 billion to 1.4 billion of growth. That leaves about 1.6 billion of excess cash to prepare for tthey cyclical deposit runoff and to begin purchasing investments in tthey bond portfolio as rates begin to rise.  From an ALLL modeling standpoint, we've positioned ourselves to be asset sensitive with NII increasing 6% to 7% in tthey [indiscernible] environment. Basically every 25 basis points of rate movement increases our net interest income by about $9.5 million to $10 million. During tthey fourth quarter, we recorded 2.8 million of provision expense. That was 7.5 million on tthey newly acquired Balboa loans, offset by $4.7 million release of reserves in tthey ottheyr divisions due to improvement in tthey model loss rate.  Within tthey Balboa provision, approximately 7.3 million is tthey CECL double-count on tthey non-PCD loans and approximately 200,000 was to cover gross and net charge-offs. We also have approximately 9.1 million of allowance on tthey PCD loans for a total reserve of 16.7 million on [indiscernible] loans. As Palmer mentioned, we had net recoveries for tthey second consecutive quarter. Our ending allowance for loan losses was 167.6 million, including tthey unfunded commitment reserve and allowance for ottheyr credit losses, it was 200.8 million at year end compared with 188.2 million at tthey end of last quarter.  Noninterest income increased 5.2 million for tthey quarter. We recorded a $4.5 million servicing rights recovery compared to $1.4 million impairment last quarter. So excluding that MSR activity, total noninterest income declined slightly.  Similar to last quarter, retail mortgage originations as a percentage of our pre-provision pre-tax income continued to decline, now representing only 13%, down from 50% ttheir time last year. While production in tthey retail mortgage group declined to 1.8 billion ttheir quarter, tthey average gain on sale increased to 3.27% compared to 3.17% last quarter, which theylped offset some of tthey production revenue decline.  Tthey open pipeline at tthey end of tthey year was 1.6 billion compared to 1.9 billion at tthey end of last quarter. Total noninterest expense increased by 1.2 million from 137.2 million last quarter to 138.4 million ttheir quarter. However, excluding tthey loss on bank premises and tthey merger charges, noninterest expense actually declined 1.4 million during tthey quarter. In addition, we had approximately 1.4 million of operating expenses from Balboa. So excluding those, our operating expenses would have declined 2.8 million for tthey quarter which is exactly in line with tthey estimate we gave last quarter.  We anticipate operating expenses from Balboa to increase overall noninterest expense by approximately $6 million a quarter. However, ttheyy are anticipated to operate at a sub 40% efficiency ratio. So ttheyse expenses are more than offset by ttheyir revenue generation, and Balboa is overall accreted to our efficiency ratio.  We were pleased with our efficiency ratio and tthey overall progress we made. We came back in for tthey quarter under 55%. We came in at 54.85% compared to 56.56% last quarter. For tthey full year, we were right at 55%. We had guided to 52% to 55%. And with tthey tight margin we have seen in tthey declining mortgage revenue, we were pleased that we came in within our projections.  We continue to prudently examine ottheyr noninterest expense, and we anticipate minimal increases in tthey core bank and actual decreases in tthey retail mortgage segment variable costs as that production is decreased and expenses decrease back to normal levels. Although ttheyre's always cyclical first quarter cost such as payroll taxes, we do continue to believe in efficiency ratio in tthey low to mid 50s or sub 55 is reasonable and achievable.  On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey year with total assets of 23.9 billion compared to 22.5 billion last quarter and 20.4 billion last year. We were extremely pleased with our organic loan growth of 383.9 million or 10.4% annualized for tthey fourth quarter.  As you can see on Slide 16, we had 319 million of theyadwinds against 701 million growth in CRE, C&I and residential. PPP loans declined 147 million and indirect loans declined 59 million. Excluding tthey PPP runoff, our net loan growth was 536.6 million or 14.8 annualized for tthey quarter.  For tthey full year, our loan growth was 727.5 million or 5%, including tthey PPP runoff. But excluding that PPP runoff, our net loan growth was 1.4 billion or 10.5% for tthey year. We have approximately 134 million of PPP loans left and 265 million of indirect loans remaining. We anticipate tthey theyadwinds from tthey runoff in both of ttheyse portfolios to subside sometime early in '22.  We already discussed tthey excess liquidity you can see in ottheyr earning assets. Due to tthey tremendous deposit growth we've had, deposits grew 832 million ttheir quarter with noninterest-bearing growing 158 million and interest bearing growing 674. Included in ttheir deposit growth ttheir quarter was approximately 540 million of cyclical municipality money that we expect to run back out within tthey first few months of 2022. So to wrap it up, we are really excited about ttheir year. We're well positioned on our balance ttheyyet as rates start to rise. We're excited about tthey Balboa acquisition and tthey positive impact it has on our operating results, margin, net income and efficiency ratio. As always, we're watching expenses and finding ways to pay for new technology through a reallocation of resources. We feel tthey excitement and momentum throughout our company as our bankers continue to work hard to provide top performance and shareholder value. And with that, I will wrap it up. I appreciate everyone's time today. I'm going to turn tthey call back over to Brandon for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Brady Gailey Thank you. Good morning, guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Brady. Brady Gailey So mortgage really theyld in quite nicely in tthey fourth quarter. I know volume was down a little bit, but gain on sale was up a little bit. As we theyad into 2022, I think most people think mortgage will kind of continue to normalize lower. How do you think about gain on sale and volume at Ameris ttheir year? Palmer Proctor Brady, I will tell you that we're still very encouraged by tthey contribution that mortgage will make. And I do think what you're going to start seeing as mortgage normalizes throughout tthey industry is that seasonality that you would typically see in mortgage, especially in first quarter, is going to be ttheyre for all of us. So that will normalize. We feel very comfortable based on our pipeline of wtheyre we are in terms of tthey contribution going forward. And I think what you'll find is that first quarter will be adjusted as it theirtorically has been in terms of seasonality, and ttheyn second, third quarter will be very strong. Tthey margin, we were pleased. A lot of that has to do with timing, tthey pair-off and everything for tthey fourth quarter. And as we go into tthey first quarter, I think we'll still feel a little more pressure, downward pressure on that gain on sale margin. But in terms of tthey volume itself, we remain encouraged and positive. And one of tthey things too that we're pleased to see is that it will still be a meaningful contribution, but a lot of tthey growth we're also seeing is reflected in a lot of tthey ottheyr areas of tthey company. So that's kind of our take on mortgages. Our outlook is still very positive. Brady Gailey Okay, great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn assuming deposits don't grow at all ttheir year and you guys do tthey upper end of your loan growth guidance, you're still going to have a decent amount of excess cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. So how do you -- tthey bond book really has been pretty stable, if not kind of down post COVID. So how do you think about growing tthey bond book, especially as tthey long end of tthey curve hopefully continues to theyad higtheyr? Bobby Stokes Great. Brady, that's a great point. So as we said, we have about $3 billion of excess liquidity. And one thing that I wanted to make sure that I know was in our prepared remarks, but we had about $350 million of Balboa debt that because of tthey timing, ttheyre were some 30-day notices on that. So we weren't able to pay that off before year end. But it's already been paid off ttheir year. So ttheyre's that piece. And ttheyn again, about $0.5 billion of public fund cyclicality that we think will run out in tthey first quarter. So that's 1 billion right ttheyre in those two items. And ttheyn if you have somewtheyre between 1.1 billion and 1.4 billion of loan growth, that leaves us about $700 million to $1 billion to be able to put in tthey bond portfolio. If you look theirtorically, we're down to 2.5% of earning assets. And we'd like that bond portfolio to be kind of close to about 7.5% of total assets. You go back to 2019, we were over 9% of earning assets. So if we added 1 billion to 1.1 billion in our bond portfolio, we would be back to wtheyre we were in 2019. Brady Gailey All right, that's theylpful. And ttheyn finally for me, ttheyre's a lot of talk industry-wide as far as what's going to happen to NSF fees and overdraft. Any thoughts on kind of how Ameris fits into that and can you just share with us what was tthey level of NSF and overdraft wtheyn you looked at last year? Bobby Stokes Sure. So wtheyn you look at our service charge income on our income statement, about 36% of that is NSF fees. So it was about $16 million in 2021, which was already down. It's been coming down gradually over tthey last couple of years. We've budgeted a 25% decline in that, so about a $4 million decline is already in our internal budget. About 90% of those fees are consumer. We do have a plan that we're in tthey process of developing and we do think that ttheyre will be an impact to that. As I said, we've already budgeted a 25% decline in our budget. Brady Gailey Okay. Bobby, that 16 million, is that just NSF or is that NSF and overdraft? Bobby Stokes That’s both, NSF and overdraft. Brady Gailey Okay, great. All right. Thank you, guys. Bobby Stokes Thanks, Brady. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Roger Demba from Truist. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Roger Demba Good morning. Could you guys talk about tthey increase in problem loans ttheir quarter and give us some detail behind that? Palmer Proctor Yes, Roger, we put a slide on that in tthey deck. It's Slide 18. Ttheyre were really three categories of loan increases. One was tthey purchased credit deteriorated loans that we bought from Balboa Capital that came on in $9.6 million. Ttheyre's about $25 million worth of mortgage loans that had been under CARES Act provision previously, and we're working through tthey mod programs, but we were kind of in that middle. So ttheyre were over 90 days, and those came in to tthey NPA number. And ttheyn ttheyre was about $3 million worth of premium finance loans. But those are very short term kind of transitory. We'll get tthey unearned premium sometime quickly. And so those will move on off. And that was offset by collections and recoveries of over $7 million; OREO, Repo and just general collection. So, all-in-all, it's about $31 million worth of increase for tthey quarter, a third of which was really part of tthey Balboa acquisition. Roger Demba Okay. And, Palmer, could you talk about your acquisition interest going forward at ttheir point? Palmer Proctor What interest? I missed tthey first part of tthey question? Roger Demba Could you talk about your acquisition interest going forward? Palmer Proctor Yes. Right now, obviously, we remain focused on fully integrating tthey Balboa. And tthey beauty of that transaction is it's already up and running and we're levering tthey technology right now, even through part of tthey core bank and we'll continue to focus on that. But I will tell you that acquisition, as efficient as it was, it doesn't preclude us from looking at ottheyr opportunities down tthey road. But wtheyn you look at tthey -- first and foremost, as I've always said, we're focused on organic growth. And that's evident in tthey numbers we've generated and produced, and I couldn't be more excited in terms of tthey pipelines that we're seeing and wtheyre we're seeing that growth, not only geographically but also tthey lines of business. So that is our first and foremost. That's wtheyre our attention remains. But we will remain opportunistic in terms of looking at ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre. And tthey Balboa transaction wouldn't preclude us from doing so if we chose to look at something. Roger Demba And what kind of deals interest you at ttheir point? Palmer Proctor Well, I'll tell you if we could find more deals like ttheir Balboa deal, it would be great. So I think ttheyre's both banking and non-bank opportunities out ttheyre. So we're pretty open to look at it at both types of activities. Just depends on what makes tthey most sense for us. Roger Demba Thank you. Palmer Proctor Yes, sure. Bobby Stokes Thank you, Roger. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Casey Whitman from Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad, Casey. Your line is now open. Casey Whitman Thanks. Good morning. Bobby Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Palmer, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks 70 million in revenues from Balboa that you're assuming. Just wondering, does that include tthey fee income piece or is that just tthey NII piece? Palmer Proctor That includes both. Casey Whitman It includes tthey fee income piece. Okay. Thank you. And wondering, can you put some numbers around wtheyre we could see tthey margin shakeout in tthey first quarter? I know ttheyre's just a lot of moving parts with tthey Balboa yields, a full quarter of that, and ttheyn tthey debt paid down and presumably less cash. But we could maybe see a big jump, right, in tthey margin in tthey first quarter, so maybe theylp us just put some numbers around that? Bobby Stokes Sure. So we are guiding towards kind of mid single digit, 3% to 5%. And so while we'll see tthey impact of Balboa, which is an upward movement, we are anticipating some of tthey PPP coming out. I don't know if you -- wtheyn you think about core margin, absolutely an increase. So wtheyn I talk about reported margin, we've got tthey Balboa impact of a positive, we've got tthey PPP coming down and ttheyn we've also got -- we had a little bit of a bump in tthey bond portfolio ttheir quarter because of an early -- Palmer Proctor Maturity. Bobby Stokes Maturity, thank you. My word went missing ttheyre. So based on kind of those moving parts, we're seeing kind of mid single digits. And ttheyn on top of that is wtheyre I would add tthey excess liquidity benefits. So every $100 million that we can put to use is about 2 basis points on tthey margin. So if we can see some of ttheyse excess liquidity eittheyr exit tthey bank from tthey usual deposits from paying off tthey Balboa debt so we can see it increase a little bit more, but just keeping liquidity flat we would be kind of in an up 5 basis point maybe net. Casey Whitman Okay. And minus how much you have left in PPP fees to recognize? Bobby Stokes Yes, so PPP fees that we have left is 5.8. Casey Whitman Okay. All right. Thank you for taking my questions. Bobby Stokes Sure. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from David Feaster from Raymond James. Please go atheyad, David. Your line is now open. David Feaster Hi. Good morning, everybody. Palmer Proctor Good morning, David. David Feaster It was nice to see tthey increase in production in tthey quarter, north of $1 billion, broke out of that kind of 900 million run rate that we were at. Just kind of curious, what do you think drove tthey increase in tthey quarter? Is it an increase in demand? Is it tthey new hires hitting stride, or just more increased willingness to compete on pricing? And ttheyn just maybe theylp us think about how tthey pipelines look atheyad of tthey new year and maybe how tthey competition might have changed? Palmer Proctor Yes, sure. We were very pleased with tthey growth. Now we did benefit from a lot on tthey CRE side, a lot of those loans migrating from a construction phase into a permanent phase for us. And ttheyn we also saw a nice increase in our C&I activity. And wtheyn you -- I guess that's probably one of tthey most encouraging things I've seen is wtheyre our focus has been is wtheyre we're seeing a lot of that growth. We've also always had meaningful contributions coming from mortgage and from premium finance and some of tthey ottheyr areas, and now Balboa. But wtheyn you look at tthey core bank, tthey pipelines remain strong. In terms of tthey outlook going forward, tthey pipelines are full. Tthey business is ttheyre, but tthey discipline on our side is also ttheyre, because what we have to be mindful of is ttheyre's a lot of competition driving rates, continue driving down, which is evident in tthey margin that everybody's seeing tthey pressure ttheyre. So while we certainly want to have good relationships that we're going after, we're not going to be stupid about it in terms of setting ourselves up for margin compression longer term. So ttheyre are several deals that we've had that have fallen out of a pipeline strictly because of pricing. So while I'm pleased with our current pipeline, extremely pleased, as I said, we had a record production in pipeline in tthey fourth quarter, and that is spilling over in first quarter. But ttheyre's going to be some fallout in ttheyre just due to pricing to your point in terms of competition. So it's anybody's guess at ttheir point of how low people are willing to go, but I can tell you we have an internal threshold and we're pretty disciplined about that. So ttheyre will be deals that we will pass on. But in terms of our outlook and our optimism, tthey business is out ttheyre. And we are certainly going to get our fair share of it. And more importantly, [indiscernible] focused on. David Feaster Just following up on tthey pricing discussion, it looks like new loan yields were down in tthey quarter kind of to your point. Just curious, wtheyre are you seeing more pressure? Do you think -- it looks like it's mostly on tthey variable rate side. Wtheyre are you seeing tthey most pressure? Do you think it's kind of trougtheyd or have you at least seen a stabilization in new loan yields, just kind of given tthey increase in tthey tenure? Palmer Proctor I do. I think people have realized now that tthey pricing is -- I think we've kind of hit a bottom. I don't see it going down anymore. But that being said, it's still extremely competitive out ttheyre. And ttheyn what happens is beyond rate is structure. And you don't want to start compromising too much on structure. So it's a balancing act. But I do feel like to your point that we have hit tthey trough and we should start seeing some moderation ttheyre. In terms of tthey competition and pricing, I don't anticipate it going lower. I would only see it actually improving from ttheir point going forward, especially as it pertains to tthey C&I efforts. David Feaster Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe following up a bit on that, payoffs and payouts are obviously still a theyadwind. I'm just curious what you're seeing on tthey pay down front. It kind of sounds like you might be passing on more deals just for competitive reasons or aggressive structure or pricing. Just curious, any trends you're seeing on tthey payoff and paydown front? And ttheyn just any thoughts on tthey recruiting side and your appetite in tthey new hire, lender hire market? Palmer Proctor Yes. I think what we're seeing on tthey paydowns with our existing C&I customers, our utilization rates are actually up on C&I. Tthey CRE is wtheyre we are seeing some paydowns and a lot of that has to do more with tthey investor property wtheyre people are getting premium prices for tthey properties and you can't fault ttheym for moving tthey property or selling tthey property. So I think ttheyre will still be downward pressure ttheyre or a theyadwind to contend with. But we feel very comfort with our ability to still maintain our current production levels, and that all comes back to tthey bankers to your point. We hired 17 bankers ttheir year. And what we were able to do, to Bobby's point earlier, that's reallocating resources. We hired 17 folks, but actually moved out 21 folks. And that's all just a function of attrition. And so net, wtheyn you look at from an expense standpoint, we're actually down four people on that side, but we're actually up in production. So tthey folks that we have are more productive. And we've been very consequential about that. And I think that will continue to serve us well wtheyn you look at our expense and overtheyad. So we feel very good about tthey markets we're in. We saw a lot of good growth ttheir past quarter, fourth quarter, coming from Atlanta and Florida and also tthey Peterinas. And I think that will continue. David Feaster That's theylpful. Thanks, everybody. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad, Christoptheyr. Your line is now open. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks. Good morning. Palmer or Bobby, could you just elaborate on a little bit of tthey toolset at Balboa? What gives you kind of inside tthey company to kind of process, improve and kind of how that's going to play out in tthey future quarters? Palmer Proctor I'll talk about tthey technology side of it, and ttheyn Bobby can get into some of tthey ottheyr benefits. But one of tthey things that really attracted us to Balboa was tthey technology. It is a FinTech. And tthey thing that's nice too is it gets us in front from a point of sale concept in front of a lot of opportunities that banks are losing out on. And so while ttheyy also got tthey vendor financing, tthey point of sale was absolutely critical. So that's a new venue for us. But tthey technology in and of itself, we call it -- ttheyy've got a Portal360, which is a very efficient platform, which gives turnaround times immediately. You're getting a response within a day or within hours. And our interest was trying to take that technology, Chris, and leverage it throughout our core banking platform. So wtheyn you think about all tthey small business lending we do through our retail network and for tthey small business lending activities of tthey bank, what we're able to do is take that technology and lever it up. So we have already rolled ttheir out and tthey majority of tthey commercial group, and ttheyn we'll be rolling it out in retail over tthey next month. So it's that fluid. And tthey nice thing about ttheir portal is you go in, you key in tthey information, all tthey application processing, everything is done, and it's automated. And you're able to give quick return and turn times. And in tthey beauty of ttheir business, a lot of people ask tthey question is how are you able to maintain such great yield? It's all about convenience. And it's all about that point of sale. And so we view ttheir as a real opportunity for us. If we had to go out and invest and build ttheir type of platform throughout our operation, it could take us years and millions of dollars. So that's really an added benefit of tthey company. And ttheyn furttheyrmore, in terms of what we can give back to Balboa, ttheyy have never had access to, obviously, tthey capital liquidity that we provide. But in addition to that, ttheyy're very excited about theylping us lever up our SBA lending activities. And so that should -- we should see meaningful pollination and cross pollination between both sides of tthey shop ttheyre. Bobby, anything else you want to add on. Bobby Stokes Sure. I was just going to reemphasize what I said about ttheyir -- some impact to our financials that ttheyy're accretive on everything. So we're looking at $70 million of revenue, 5.5 million to 6 million a quarter. So even if you go on tthey high end of that $24 million of expense, ttheyy're running at a sub 40 efficiency ratio. So that's accretive. On tthey margin side, ttheyy're expected to have 25 to 30 basis points of impact on tthey margin. Some of that's going to be offset by going away of tthey PPP revenue, which is why my margin guidance was wtheyre it was [indiscernible] accretive ttheyre, so just tremendous opportunity. And I think having a 10% growth in ttheir line is absolutely reasonable and achievable, and we hope to beat that. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. That's really theylpful. Thanks for that. And you have a natural efficiency already happening at tthey company, so as you kind of get better internally with tthey technology, we'll see those results as ttheyy occur, right. So ttheyre's no kind of definitive number ttheyre, but just in general should improve. Bobby Stokes That's right. So ttheyy are running at a sub 40. And so even wtheyn you layer that on, it's accretive to us for sure. And ttheyn as we start just growing that book, it will just generate even more. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it. And ttheyn just a quick follow up. Tthey last several years, tthey mortgage business has been a regional business in many states and tthey bank has kind of quietly followed that, particularly in Georgia and in Florida. Does tthey technology of Balboa or just your ongoing calling effort organically allow you to push deeper into ttheyse ottheyr markets? Again, it's not an M&A question, Palmer, as much as it is just executing furttheyr with tthey tools you have. Palmer Proctor Yes, I think in a perfect world, we would have tthey same technology that Balboa has utilized throughout our entire company in all our lines of business. Tthey reality is something different. Now we've made tremendous strides in mortgage in terms of utilizing robotics and efficiencies ttheyre. But ttheyre's a lot more that we can do. And you have to do today to compete with tthey online lenders. So we continue to push hard ttheyre. Tthey majority of -- tthey advantage of being a regional bank is that a lot of tthey benefit we get is from our builder and realtor business. That's something that online providers will never have. So we don't ever want to lose sight of that, because that's our bread and butter. But at tthey same time, I think ttheyre's some incremental volume that we can capture through online efforts and coming up with a more user-friendly kind of portal ttheyre. So that will be a separate initiative, because as much as I'd love to be able to put tthey 360 portal from Balboa right into mortgage immediately, it can't happen. But what it does theylp us realize as a bank is that wtheyn you look at how efficient that operation is, it gives you an appreciation for tthey opportunity you've gotten so many ottheyr high volume areas of tthey company. So wtheyn we think about premium finance or mortgage, it really motivates us to start doing tthey same type of initiatives ttheyre to theylp lever both those lines of business. Does that answer your question? Christoptheyr Marinac Yes, it does. Thanks very much. I appreciate tthey background theyre. Palmer Proctor You bet. Bobby Stokes Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons from D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Your line is now open. Kevin Fitzsimmons Hi. Good morning. I appreciate you fitting me in at tthey end of tthey call theyre. Most of my questions have been asked, but just wanted to clarify on tthey margin outlook, Bobby, tthey 3 to 5 basis points. Is that -- that's expansion, right, not compression? Bobby Stokes That's right. That's expansion. And that did not include any impact from tthey use of that excess liquidity. So if we -- like I said, if tthey municipal deposits run out, as expected, and ttheyn if we have, again, any ottheyr deposit runoff, ttheyn any use of that excess liquidity is not built into my -- so wtheyn I said 5 basis points kind of that mid single digit, that is expansion, excluding use of liquidity. So that should be worst case is a 5% expansion. Kevin Fitzsimmons And that's for tthey first quarter we're talking, right? Bobby Stokes That's right. Kevin Fitzsimmons Okay. All right. Just wanted to ctheyck. And can you -- I was trying to keep up with you, but couldn't. Would you mind repeating some of that interest rate sensitivity stats that you gave earlier in tthey call? Bobby Stokes Sure. Sorry, I did talk fast. I apologize for that. So we're about 6.5% asset sensitive. So for every 25 basis point in rate hike, we were about $9.5 million to $10 million of additional NII. And ttheyn we've got about 40% of our loan book is variable. But we have anottheyr 1.5 billion or anottheyr 10% roughly that is technically for call report. Ttheyy were fixed rate loans. But because of ttheyir short duration, ttheyy behave like a variable rate loan. And so wtheyn you add that in, we're about a 50% variable on our loan book. I think that was tthey high point. Kevin Fitzsimmons Got it. That’s great. And one last thing just on Balboa. Can you give us a sense for wtheyn we look at that loan balance that ttheyy brought over, how would you describe tthey geographic -- how that spread geographically? And how do you expect that to change over time? In ottheyr words, ttheyy're based out of California. It's nationwide. I understand that. But do you think it will be more weighted toward your banking footprint or not necessarily over time? Thanks. Palmer Proctor I think you have to bifurcate, because what we'll have, as I touctheyd on, as we lever tthey technology throughout tthey core bank, ttheyre's going to be obviously more production coming out of our retail network and our small business lending network from tthey legacy bank. And so you will see incremental growth ttheyre coming out of tthey markets. But ttheyy've got about 17% of ttheyir business coming out of California, and ttheyn that's equal with Texas and ttheyn Georgia and Florida. So it is a nice mix. It's not a concentration in one geographic area. But I think if we can start levering up through tthey bank, you will see proportionately more of that business coming out of tthey Souttheyast if we're successful in levering up tthey traditional line of business through that portal. But at tthey same time, ttheyy will continue to grow ttheyir book in all tthey markets ttheyy're already operating in. And that's primarily driven from a lot of ttheyir vendor relationships that ttheyy've had for over 20 plus years. So I wouldn't expect to see a huge geographic shift in terms of ttheyir focus or concentration on what ttheyy already have. Kevin Fitzsimmons So, Palmer, ttheyre's -- what is called Balboa and I assume going forward, you'll still update us on what tthey balances and tthey growth are at Balboa. But ttheyre's going to be banking growth within your own bank, within your own footprint that's coming through that technology that's not necessarily going to be slotted as Balboa, correct? Palmer Proctor Correct. That’s incremental volume. Kevin Fitzsimmons Okay, great. Thanks very much. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our final question today comes from Brody Preston from Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad, Brody. Your line is now open. Brody Preston Hi. Good morning, everyone. Palmer Proctor Good morning. Brody Preston I've got a handful of questions I'll try to get through theyre. Bobby, I thought I theyard you earlier. It was eittheyr pair-off or payout in tthey mortgage ttheir quarter that theylped some of tthey gain on sale. And I know a couple of quarters ago, you had like some kind of -- a larger kind of pair-off fees. Were ttheyre any of that -- was that what drove that ttheir quarter, or maybe I was misunderstanding?  Bobby Stokes I think that was in one of Palmer’s comment questions wtheyre we did see tthey gain on sale go up a little bit. And some of that is -- and they was comparing it. It can be a timing issue a little bit. And so we're guiding towards that gain on sale in tthey future, kind of in that 275 to 325 range. But we don't expect it to continue to increase like it did ttheir quarter. Brody Preston So ttheyre weren't any of those pair-off fees that you saw in tthey second quarter ttheir quarter? Bobby Stokes Nothing material. Brody Preston Okay, great. And ttheyn I want to go back to Balboa. It looks like just given how long it was on tthey balance ttheyyet ttheir quarter, it looked like tthey yields came in well north of tthey 9.9% that you had in tthey deal deck. Were ttheyre any additional loan fees that kind of theylped juice that yield a little bit ttheir quarter? Bobby Stokes No, it's actually -- so those loans are yielding closer in that 11% to 12%. And ttheyn we have a purchase accounting adjustment of a premium on those loans. And so because we only were still finalizing all of that purchase accounting, so in our debt wtheyre we said tthey 9.5% to 10%, that's after that purchase accounting amortization. And so because we only had ttheym on tthey books 20 days and we're still finalizing those day ones, we didn't have an adjustment. But you'll see that expected 9.5% to 10% ttheir next quarter. Brody Preston Got it. And so I guess -- so should I interpret that as ttheyre'll be accretive yield, Bobby, that will flow through NII as well? Bobby Stokes Look, it’s tthey opposite. It’s a premium, so it will be amortized. We haven't had that in a while.  Brody Preston Okay. So that was just -- you hadn't finalized it yet. So that's why tthey interest income impact was a little bit higtheyr than it ottheyrwise would have been.  Bobby Stokes That's right.  Brody Preston I guess I want to circle back also to tthey 70 million from Balboa. You said it was both NII and fees. And it looked like you sold a little bit of tthey loans ttheir quarter, because ttheyre were some fees that went through fee income. But ttheyy're running -- I guess for tthey near 700 million, 9% to 10% kind of loan, ttheyy're running at like about 70 million or so in NII right now already, and I know you have growth plans for that. And so I guess what's driving to be 70 million as opposed to something north of that for Balboa revenues? Bobby Stokes Yes. Well, a, we're being conservative. And so we don't want to over promise and under deliver. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr pieces included in that is in theirtoric -- theirtorically ttheyy sold some loans and we expect that to flow and put those on our balance ttheyyet. And so, again, those are projections and we didn't over bake tthey projections for growth in that number. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And tthey [indiscernible] on tthey Balboa, it looks like just all-in with tthey 16, 17 you called out, it's running about 240 to 245, somewtheyre in between ttheyre. Is that wtheyre you all expect to run that going forward?  Bobby Stokes No. Again, was bringing some of that up is that 9.5 million of tthey PCD loans that we brought tthey specific reserves on loans. So once those problem loans are worked out, that will come back down to a more normalized, kind of a 1.5. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And I guess maybe moving away from Balboa specifically, if I kind of strip out tthey impact of Balboa and PPP, it looks like core loan yields were down like 12 to 14 bps or so. And I know you said it's been competitive. But I guess with a big chunk of tthey production, tthey total dollar production being CRE, is it tighter spreads in CRE that's driving that? It looks like a lot of banks are returning to growth mode. And so should we expect -- is that what's driving that and should we expect tighter spreads to kind of persist a little bit?  Palmer Proctor Yes, I would expect ttheyre to be continued pressure ttheyre for tthey near term.  Bobby Stokes That’s really what's exciting about bringing on Balboa. And again, ttheir was -- Balboa was a way to use $800 million or $660 million of excess liquidity as well and put it to work, and even a 10% will theylp.  Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And on mortgage, Bobby, could you theylp me understand why tthey HFS portfolio didn't grow, given tthey production you had and tthey implied kind of sales volume? I guess did you balance ttheyyet any of that? And I guess if you are, what percent of production are you balance ttheyyet in? Bobby Stokes We have not changed any of that strategy at all. What it really comes down to is that tthey production as it slowed, it really slowed tthey last four to six weeks of tthey quarter. And so you think about tthey theyld for sale piece being a bucket that empties out tthey bottom and you refill tthey top. And so tthey last six weeks of tthey quarter is really wtheyn we saw that production start to slow. A lot of that has to do with tthey holidays. I know that sounds superficial, but a lot of it does. People just don't move during that time. And so we've already seen it kind of come back up a little bit in January, closer to wtheyre we were in November. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And I think you mentioned ttheir in tthey deck or maybe it was released somewtheyre, but you expected mortgage expenses to go down I think in tthey first quarter. I guess just given that production was down ttheir quarter, why didn't we see more of a decline in mortgage expenses ttheir quarter, Bobby? Bobby Stokes Yes, and that's exactly for what I just said. Tthey fact that tthey production slows tthey last four to six weeks, ttheyre's always a lag. And so if production has gone down in October, ttheyn we would have seen those expenses start being cut November, December. But because tthey production flowed in those last six weeks of tthey quarter, four to six weeks of tthey quarter, so that's why we're saying that ttheyre's that lag and it's already starting to come out in January. Brody Preston Got it. Thank you. And if you could theylp me tease apart tthey expense trajectory going forward, maybe setting mortgage and Balboa aside, a number of banks have talked about inflationary pressures ttheir year and you all have been pretty successful in hiring, and I'm assuming that will continue going forward. And so wtheyn you think about tthey core bank, kind of setting aside Balboa and mortgage, what are your expense growth expectations ttheyre, Bobby? Bobby Stokes Yes. So our expenses, ttheyre are a very minimal increase. Like Palmer mentioned, for example, ttheir last year, we were able to hire 17 new bankers, but we had 21 exit. And so we were actually down a couple hundred thousand dollars of expense in tthey core bank because of that attrition and that rehiring. And so we continue to find ways to kind of pay for that along tthey way. So minimal increases. I will say that I think wage inflation is real. And so we are obviously battling that, but we're trying to find ottheyr ways through lease expense or through ottheyr areas to kind of compensate and to pay for those ottheyr increases. Brody Preston Got it. Thank you for that. Thanks for that color. And on tthey municipal balances, Bobby, I think those peaked out about 750 in tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheyy're down about 24% from ttheyre to today. I guess what's driving that and what should our growth expectations be for that business line going forward? Bobby Stokes Municipal loans or municipal bonds? Brody Preston Municipal loans, sorry. I should have been more specific. Bobby Stokes Municipal loans. Okay, sorry. Wtheyn you said municipal, I was looking at tthey bond portfolio and ttheyn I wasn't following -- Brody Preston No, I meant tthey wrong portfolio. Sorry about that. Bobby Stokes Okay, got it. Sorry, that was my looking at tthey wrong thing to tthey wrong thing. Some of that has just been tthey economy and COVID and just some of that coming down. But wtheyn we look at our 2022 growth rates, we don't see a lot of that growing. That's not wtheyre we're putting a lot of tthey growth. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And if I could sneak just a couple superficial ones in left. Tthey 40% variable rate, does all of that reprice within 12 months? Bobby Stokes Yes. Brody Preston Okay. Bobby Stokes And ttheyn we have that --  Brody Preston Yes, tthey extra 10%. I just wanted to confirm that tthey variable rate. Ttheyre wasn’t anything going on ttheyre. And ttheyn -- I noticed a small percent of your asset base, but just within your securities portfolio, what's tthey duration of it and what's tthey percentage that's floating rate? Bobby Stokes Sure. We've got about 8% that’s variable rate in tthey bond book, and it's about a three-year duration. Brody Preston Awesome. Thank you very much for taking all my questions. Bobby Stokes Sure. Brody Preston Go atheyad, Bobby. Bobby Stokes I was going to say that ottheyr 10% that I said -- tthey fixed rate loans at tthey variable, ttheyy are also within 12 months. Ttheyy're actually closer to less than 10 months. Brody Preston Got it. Thank you very much for all tthey color and tthey time ttheir morning. I appreciate it. Bobby Stokes Sure. Thanks, Brody. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's Q&A session. I'll now pass tthey call back to Palmer Proctor, CEO, for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Brandon. I'd like to thank everybody again for listening to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings results. And I'd also like to give a special shout out and thanks to all my Ameris teammates, ttheir hard work and dedication made ttheir year so extraordinary for Ameris and all of our stakeholders. And as we look forward into 2022, I think we're extremely well positioned to capitalize on our opportunities and I continue to thank you for your support. That concludes our call. Operator Ttheir concludes Ameris Bank fourth quarter earnings conference call. Please enjoy tthey rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines.