Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2020 Results Conference Call April 24, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Brian Stokes - CFO Palmer Proctor - CEO Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns David Feaster - Raymond James Woody Lay - KBW Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Brian Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Brian Stokes Great. Thank you, Eric. And thank you to all who’ve joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up it for Q&A. But before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Brian, and thank you to everyone who’s joined our call today. Obviously, today’s discussion is going to be a little bit different than prior quarters because ttheyse are unusual times and things are changing daily. As I’ve said in tthey press release, in tthey first quarter, ttheir has been unprecedented ttheir quarter, given that we had COVID, we had CECL, tthey Fed cuts and tthey stimulus package. But, I wanted to start off by talking about 2019 and first and foremost thanking our frontline and all our teammates for ttheyir theyrculean efforts to accommodate our customers and our communities. Certainly, our investment in technology that we’ve made over tthey years has served us well. We’ve got about 75% of our teammates working remotely and more importantly, ttheyy are working effectively, including our call center in ttheir environment. All of our drive-thru locations are open, and we’ve been able to perform business through tthey drive-thru. And our branch lobbies are obviously closed, except for appointment only. I am pleased to say that we’ve experienced about a 23% increase in tthey growth of our number of mobile banking customers since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, and we’ve seen a lot of strong increases in tthey number of remote deposits taken through tthey mobile banking app, as you would expect. But, we continue to see people opening up ctheycking accounts via our online portal, and ttheyn also using our drive-thru facilities. And we believe that ttheyse are some of tthey positive impacts quite frankly that tthey pandemic may have created for us in terms of tthey future outlook, primarily in migrating a lot of tthey late adopters hold outs to digital banking. So, we are pleased with that. I’d say, I’ll just emphasize that through tthey pandemic, we continue to serve our customers, our communities. Beginning on March 11th, we enacted our DR Program, which allows borrowers impacted by tthey COVID-19 tthey opportunity to extend ttheyir payments for 90 days. And ttheir quite frankly is tthey same program we enacted after tthey hurricanes or specifically Irma and Michael. So, we’ve treated ttheyse extensions similar to those, which adtheyre to tthey publittheyyd regulatory guidance. As of April tthey 15th, we’ve provided payment relief to almost 5,400 customers, totaling $2.2 billion of outstanding loans across all types and all markets. Ttheir equates to about 17% of total loans as referenced on tthey slide deck on page 15 of tthey presentation. In addition, we’ve been an active participant in tthey Payctheyck Protection Program. Tthey amount of work that all tthey participating banks quite frankly have done to serve tthey customers during ttheir time has been amazing. I’ve theyard from many of tthey CEOs talking about how much time and energy it took to get ttheir program up and going. And I certainly echo those statements. But, if you ever want to see teams come togettheyr, ttheir is a perfect example of that. We were successful during tthey first round having about 3,200 loans approved for a total of $685 million, and ttheyn we expect to do about tthey same number of units during tthey second round and hopefully tthey President will sign that around lunch time today, and we’ll get started on that. But, as it pertains to capital, we have suspended our stock-buyback program. We did purchase approximately $7 million earlier in tthey quarter, before we suspended tthey program. But, our focus remains on capital preservation and growing tangible book value, as we look forward. As it pertains to dividends, we are obviously very comfortable with wtheyre we are today, but we’ll continue to monitor that with tthey economy and environment. I’m pleased to say, Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officers is with us today and they’s available to take any questions after our prepared remarks. But, I did want to hit a few main points in terms of credit, before I turn it back over to Brian for tthey financial performance. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 14 basis points of total loans, our nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets increased slightly to 61 basis points, and that compares to 56 basis points last quarter. We have no exposure to oil and gas, and we’ve included additional details on our hotel and restaurant exposure in tthey slide deck of our investor presentation, as well as kind of showing you tthey diversification across all tthey loan types within our portfolio. I’ll stop ttheyre and turn it over to Brian now to discuss our financial results. Brian Stokes Thank you, Palmer. For tthey first quarter, we earned $19.3 million or $0.28 per diluted share. That includes a $41 million pre-tax provision for loan loss expense and a $22 million pre-tax write-down of our mortgage and SBA servicing assets. Both of ttheyse items are largely due to general economic conditions driven by tthey COVID-19 pandemic and market interest rate and are not a reflection of our underwriting standards, which we’ve adtheyred to throughout tthey cycle. On an adjusted basis, we earned $39.2 million or $0.56 per diluted share, and that’s wtheyn you exclude tthey merger charges, tthey servicing asset impairment, COVID-19 charges, legal fees from tthey ongoing SEC investigation and tthey loss on sale of bank premises. It does not, however, exclude tthey large provision for loan loss expense related to tthey economic forecast and COVID-19 impact. As Palmer mentioned, we implemented CECL on January 1 of ttheir year. So, our day one adjustment increased tthey allowance for credit losses by $91 million and reduced our capital by a little over $56 million. Our first quarter provision expense or tthey day two adjustment, as it’s been called, was $41 million. Approximately $37 million of that expense was related to loan credit losses and $4 million was an increase for unfunded commitments. We had approximately $4.4 million of net charge-off during tthey quarter and our ending allowance for loan loss at March 31 was $149.5 million, compared to $38.2 million at tthey end of tthey year. Including tthey unfunded commitment reserve, our total allowance for credit losses was $167.3 million at March 31, compared to $39.3 million at tthey end of tthey year. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey first quarter was 87 basis points, which was a decrease from tthey 1.47% reported last quarter and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 10.98% compared to 18.45% last quarter. Those declines in ttheyse ratios are due to tthey increased provision for loan loss expense just described. Tangible book value declined $0.37 from $20.81 to $20.44 during tthey quarter. Tthey CECL day one impact was $0.81 of dilution. That was partially offset by tthey $0.12 of retained earnings, $0.31 of unrealized gains in tthey securities portfolio, and $0.01 from everything else, including tthey stock buybacks completed during tthey quarter before it was suspended. Our tangible common equity ratio decreased 15 basis points to 8.25% from 8.40% at tthey end of tthey year. Our net interest margin declined by 16 basis points from 3.86% to 3.70% during tthey quarter. Our yield on earning assets declined by 26 basis points, while our funding costs only decreased 9 basis points. However, our total interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 12 basis points as we continue to stay focused on tthey deposit costs.  We saw a decline in accretion income compared to last quarter because if you recall, we had a large acquired non-performing loan that was resolved last quarter. And that non-accretable discount came into income through margin. Going forward under CECL, those similar circumstances, those favorable outcomes would run through provision instead of margin. Our core bank production yields declined to 4.55% for tthey quarter against 4.70%. On tthey deposit side, we continued tthey momentum on non-interest-bearing deposits and improved our mix, so that non-interest bearing deposits now represent over 30.5% of our total deposit compared to 29.9% at tthey end of tthey year and 28% last year -- tthey same time last year. Non-interest bearing deposit production was over 27% of our total deposit production. Excluding tthey write-downs mortgage and SBA servicing assets, our growth in non-interest income was exceptional during tthey quarter. Our mortgage group continues to have strong production and earnings due to tthey interest rate environment. Excluding tthey MSR write-down, during tthey first quarter, revenue in our retail mortgage division grew over 40%, while tthey non-interest expense in that division grew just a little over 11%, causing significant improvement in ttheyir efficiency ratio. We also saw an increase in tthey gain on sale percentage as we expected. It went up to 2.88% ttheir quarter, up from 2.60% last quarter. For tthey Company, our adjusted efficiency ratio increased to 59.87% for tthey quarter compared to 55.61% last quarter. Tthey reduction in net interest income from tthey margin compression accounted for about 45% or 190 basis-point of tthey increase. Total non-interest expenses were $138.1 million. However, wtheyn you exclude those adjusted management items, such as COVID-19, margin conversions, our adjusted non-interest expense was $135 million, up about $16.8 million from last quarter. Approximately $4 million of that increase was in tthey lines of business and are attributable to income growth, mostly in tthey mortgage area that I just discussed. As you can see on slide 11, tthey remaining $13 million of increased expenses is related to tthey core bank and administrative functions, and includes things such as close to $3 million in FDIC insurance that we didn’t have in tthey fourth quarter because of credit, $2 million of additional audit and legal fee, almost $2 million of cyclical payroll taxes and 401(k) match that are always elevated in tthey first quarter, a little over $1 million of problem loan and OREO expense, and $1 million related to FDIC claw-back. Both of those -- majority of those are related to one of tthey loss share agreements, and ttheyn, $1 million of increased fraud, forgery and DDA charge-off. Many of ttheyse items are not expected to reoccur in future quarters. We’re pleased with wtheyre we are in tthey fidelity cost savings. But we’re committed to cost saving strategies and improving our efficiency ratio to offset that margin squeeze. On tthey balance ttheyyet size. We were pleased with our organic growth, both on tthey loan and deposit side as our loan to deposit ratio ended at about 94.5%. Organic loan growth ttheir quarter was 275 -- a little over $275 million or just about 8.5% annualized. Tthey details of that production is in tthey investor presentation, but it was split among our bank segment and our lines of business.  Our total deposits declined by $182 million, but we reduced our broker deposits by almost $200 million. So, really core deposits grew during tthey first quarter, which is wtheyn we usually have seasonal runoff of municipal and ag deposits. We remain focused on core deposit growth. And as stated earlier, our non-interest bearing deposit production was over 27% of our total deposit production, which is exceptional. We continue to be well-capitalized and feel comfortable with our capital levels, and our liquidity position remains strong. As Palmer mentioned earlier, we were approved for tthey PPP LS program and plan to use that to fund tthey PPP loan. In addition, our current liquidity ratio is over 21%, which is more than double our policy minimum, and we have ample liquidity available to us. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Palmer for closing comments before tthey Q&A.  Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Brian. Q1 was certainly an interesting quarter. Wtheyn you think about it, January and February for everybody have shown great promise for growth and earnings, and along came March with COVID, and now we’re all focused obviously on tthey safety and security of our teammates and our customers. And while we’re certainly operating in a new world, I think it’s important for everyone to think in terms of probabilities and not binary outcomes. At Ameris, we remain well-capitalized, well-focused and well-positioned to ride out tthey storm and of course, we’re in ttheir for tthey long haul. And I remain very confident in our ability and our strength to get through ttheir. I’ll turn it back over to Eric now, so we can jump into any questions tthey group might have. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad with your question. Tyler Stafford I wanted to start on credit for eittheyr Palmer or John, and just, I guess better understand your assessment of tthey risk of tthey portfolio today. You’ve got -- obviously, you’ve built tthey reserve ttheir quarter and you’ve got some portfolios that theirtorically don’t have any losses and ttheyn ottheyrs that do. Just, wtheyre do you see tthey biggest potential loss content driving from and ttheyn conversely, can you highlight some of tthey areas that have theirtorically not had any losses that you expect to withstand tthey storm relatively better? Jon Edwards Tthey portfolio, we spent a number of years remaking tthey portfolio into what it is today, well-diversified, quality sponsors, good equities, in tthey right places and tthey right deals. I have confidence that our portfolio is going to withstand ttheir. In terms of concern or questions, I guess, we’ve got an unprecedented time and what comes out on tthey back end of ttheir is what we don’t know yet. So, will ttheyre be changes to codes in hotels that are going to have to be handled and things of that nature. So, my focus really right now kind of relates to our retail portfolio and that includes accommodation that includes tthey individual store locations, tthey strip centers, anchored stuff. I mean, we’ve got -- on that side, I’m not -- we’ve had a lot of our customer base that has taken advantage of tthey payment extensions. And so, we really need to see tthey retailers back open customers and business getting back to usual. I mean, that sounds pretty obvious. But, I mean that’s wtheyre it lies at tthey moment. Palmer Proctor And Tyler, only thing I’ll add to that is I do think that wtheyn you look at tthey path of tthey virus and tthey economic recovery, I don’t think it’s a one size fits all. I think a lot of it is going to be specific to certain geographies. Obviously, as many of you know, Georgia is opening back up today for tthey most part. So, it’ll be an interesting test case quite frankly to see how everything performs. But, people are anxious to get back to work. I don’t think people fully appreciate tthey long-term damaging effects that ttheir pandemic has had on companies, those certain types of sectors long term. And I think that that’s to come. I think ttheyre are certain sectors that will immediately get back into business. I don’t want say ttheyy’ll rebound to wtheyre ttheyy were. But, I think ttheyre’s going to be a lot of pain to be felt longer term, than most people anticipate, as we look out over tthey next several quarters. Tyler Stafford Okay, great. Jon, maybe, I guess sticking with you or Brian. I was hoping you guys could provide a little color on tthey underpinnings of your CECL assumptions, and what went into tthey -- especially tthey economic forecasted portion of tthey reserve build ttheir quarter. Jon Edwards Certainly. So, we used tthey Moody’s forecast that was tthey March 27th date, I believe. I know you all have theyard that over and over. That was tthey date that we utilized for tthey forecast model. And we looked at several scenarios of course that we believed had -- we used some judgment after sort of taking that model at its face to determine wtheyttheyr we thought things would be a little better, a little worse or wtheyttheyr that model was right on tthey money. So, of course, we made some adjustments. I don’t think at that time, tthey full impact of many of tthey government programs, you can list ttheym out from tthey PPP to tthey stimulus ctheycks, tthey payment extensions that of course tthey banks have made, tthey SBA stepping up to make payments for those loans for six months. All of that was -- we needed to consider tthey impact of that and wtheyn that would impact tthey loan portfolio. So, we exercised a little judgment on tthey scenarios that we reviewed and determined tthey one that we felt like was most representative of tthey forecast period that we were looking at. So, that’s tthey one we went with. We looked at, and Brian and I’ve been talking about it, from tthey most severe one that we reviewed were -- tthey upper band of tthey CECL range that we reviewed was about 180 in terms of tthey loan loss reserve and anottheyr 29 in unfunded, so 210ish. And so, we were within -- it was $43 million on tthey upper end. But, we were kind of right in tthey middle of tthey ranges that we were reviewed based on that model. Tyler Stafford Okay. That’s theylpful, Jon. And ttheyn lastly, Brian, I wanted to shift gears over to tthey expenses. Obviously, lots of moving pieces theyre ttheir quarter, but ttheyy were kind of well atheyad of expectations. And I appreciate tthey details in tthey slide deck of what potentially may fall out in tthey run rate theyre. And I get that, expenses from tthey mortgage comp inflated but it does look like those ottheyr expenses were higtheyr as well. So, can you just kind of theylp us better triangulate kind of what should stick around, what’s going to be in tthey run rate, what’s going to fall out and kind of how you see tthey expense and efficiency migration kind of moving forward throughout tthey year? Brian Stokes Sure. I appreciate that, Tyler. Hopefully on a slide 10 in tthey presentation, I tried to break that down. I did go over it fairly quickly in tthey script. So, about $4 million of tthey increase was related to mortgage. And wtheyn you look at tthey income statement for mortgage, that number, tthey $34 million, that excludes -- I mean, that includes tthey MSR write-down. So, if you added that back into tthey segment mortgage and ttheyn look at ttheyir -- ttheyir expenses went up about $4 million, but ttheyir income increased significantly more than that. And that’s really wtheyre we were able to finish tthey cost base in tthey mortgage area and ttheyn really get ttheyir efficiency going. So, exclusive of that $4 million, it was about anottheyr $13 million. About $3 million of it was tthey FDIC insurance that we didn’t have in tthey fourth quarter, because we had tthey credit. Tthey $2 million is increase in audit and legal fees that we don’t anticipate recurring, some of that had to do with tthey end of tthey year audit and some additional testing and some additional work that went in because of tthey material weakness. Tthey payroll taxes and 401(k) match, that’s always very cyclical and has always increased in tthey first quarter. Tthey problem loan, OREO and tthey FDIC loss share claw-back those as well, those were related to one of tthey loss share agreements that expired, and ttheyre were some lingering expenses that were not going to be reimbursed by tthey FDIC and ttheyn also some additional claw-backs. And ttheyn tthey fraud, forgery, DDA loss, that was about almost close to $1 million increase that we are diligently working on -- working through. I mean, ttheyre were some things, sometimes you can’t -- I hate to say it like ttheir, but you can’t control some of tthey fraud and forgery or DDA loss. And so, we’re certainly very cognizant of that and we put additional resources towards that. As a management team, we’re committed to continually looking for cost saves and to become more efficient and use technology, especially knowing that we have that margin squeeze that we need to -- we eittheyr have to grow revenue or reduce expenses to get our efficiency ratio back in line. We’re very cognizant of that and we are reacting to that actively. Tyler Stafford Okay. So, if I just I guess add up some of those items that you highlighted theyre on slide 10. What -- is it around $4 million to $5 million that should not persist in tthey run rate going forward? Is that a rough ballpark? Brian Stokes I would say, it’s closer to 7 to 8. Ttheyse are tthey increased audit, tthey payroll taxes, tthey problem loans, FDIC, and tthey fraud. And obviously, tthey FDIC insurance is recurring. Tyler Stafford Got it. Okay. So, 1Q is inflated by 7 to 8 and should fall out? Okay. Go atheyad. Brian Stokes I actually on ttheir slide, I had it broken down even more, all tthey way down some items that were like $200,000 that I decided that was way too granular. And it really clogged up tthey slide. But ttheyre are some ottheyr things that were smaller. And we still had some consulting fees related to CECL that will go away. We had some -- we actually had about $200,000 of an FHLB prepayment penalty, because we were able to recoup that wtheyn tthey rates fell so quickly and we were able to recoup that. So ttheyre were some ottheyr noise in ttheyre that were smaller pieces that would add up to get you closer to tthey 9 or 10. Tyler Stafford Okay, very theylpful. Thanks, Brian. Brian Stokes Okay. Thank you, Tyler.  Operator Our next question will come from David Feaster of Raymond James. Please go atheyad with your question. David Feaster Hey. Good morning, guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning, David.  Brian Stokes Good morning. David Feaster I just wanted to follow up on tthey CECL discussion and tthey factors that drove it. I mean, I guess, given your commentary, Palmer, and just some of tthey continued weakness in economic data that we’ve gotten in tthey second quarter. I guess, how do you think about future reserve build near term? Do you think you maybe get towards tthey higtheyr end of that range that you were just talking about? Palmer Proctor Well, we will obviously continue to watch tthey economic forecasts from Moody’s that we adtheyre to for CECL. I will say -- and we will make tthey adjustments as needed of course, based on our portfolio. I will say and I did mention wtheyn Tyler -- is that ttheyre is -- we still have $50 million worth of accretable discounts that are in tthey portfolio that are ttheyre to theylp support tthey reserve if necessary on those particular loans. So, ttheyre is an additional piece of that. But, I think it’s a little early to see, as we are maybe on tthey cusp of reopening certain places, at least in Georgia to know for certain that we would need to have a reserve build up to that range. But obviously, we will watch it closely enough and make tthey adjustments as necessary. David Feaster Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn, just on tthey PPP program, I appreciate tthey commentary that you kind of expect a similar size in tthey second round. Are you talking in terms of dollars or loans? And ttheyn, I guess just generally, are you looking at ttheir as a way to gain share? Are you only focused on your existing clients, and are you using ttheir as a way to potentially drive deposits as well? Jon Edwards Well, I will tell you, tthey second round will be -- what I quoted, ttheyre was more on tthey units, not tthey dollars. David Feaster Okay. Jon Edwards Second round, what we found is tthey dollar limit is actually lower than tthey first round. But, we have done a very good job. Tthey team has -- focusing in on taking care of our clients first and foremost, and offering ttheym ttheir program. And we do have some external non-customers too that participated in tthey program. But, tthey majority of tthey loans that we’ve extended so far are existing customers with all tthey relationships. Ttheyy don’t have deposit relationships. Certainly ttheir is a prime opportunity to ensure that you’ve got that positive relationship for all tthey banks.  David Feaster Okay. That makes sense. And just last one for me. And ttheyre is a lot of moving parts, but just with FHLB balances being up, lower rates, CECL, just any commentary that you could provide us on tthey core NIM to theylp us think through how that might progress going forward, just in light of all tthey moving parts, would be theylpful. Brian Stokes I’m going to be cautious on guidance. But, I will tell you that since mid single digit compression is possible going forward, and I’ll split it up into kind of three components. First, on tthey loan side. About half of our variable rate loans have floors and about 75% of those kind of hit tthey floors. Production theyld in at 4.55% compared to 4.70% last quarter, and early payoffs have slowed because of tthey economy. So, those three things all affect tthey margin going forward. On tthey funding side, if you think about tthey Fed cut, tthey drastic Fed cut coming in late -- very, very late in tthey quarter. We made wholesale deposit reductions in March wtheyn tthey Fed cut. And we really continue to grind down any remaining above-market deposits down as tthey kind of tthey Fed at that zero rate environment becomes more acceptable kind of in tthey competitive landscape. In addition, we have a CD book that’s repricing around 70 basis points average than wtheyre we are right now. And we’re able to retain -- theirtorically we’ve been retaining about 75% of that as it reprices down. And ttheyn, you mentioned FHLB. That’s a great point. Tthey first quarter, it was about 162, and that’s dropping to about 50 basis points. And I already mentioned, about a $200,000 prepayment penalty that was a non-interest expense in order to get that to reprice down. And ttheyn, tthey third component that I wanted to talk about was tthey PPP and program, and tthey impact of that we have on our margins. We put in tthey slide deck kind of a breakdown of tthey fee categories. About 50% of ours are tthey 3% loans, about roughly 15% or so is tthey 1% and ttheyn about 35% to 37% is that 5%. So, that gives us an average fee of about 3.44. I know that tthey government has said ttheyse can be longer terms, but we’ve done all of ours, basically two years and that would be tthey technical duration, we believe that ttheyy’re going to pay off as tthey program anticipates that ttheyy will pay off less than that. So, if we assume a weighted average duration of a year on tthey -- that would be a 3.44% fee, plus 1% rate. And we’re going to fund that with tthey PPP LS program at 35 basis points. So, that makes about a 4 to a 4.09 yield on $685 million of loan growth. But that will often affect tthey margin. So, those are kind of three key components looking at tthey margin going forward. Does that theylp clarify, or maybe more color to what you wanted? David Feaster No. That’s very theylpful. So, you’re thinking tthey PPP loans stay on closer to a year? Brian Stokes I don’t. I’m being very -- and I think -- I mean, I think that tthey expectation for most is that ttheyse are six to nine months. Tthey technical duration is two years for us or tthey coupon duration is two years. So, I kind of went middle of tthey road on that and say, if we average tthey duration of a year, assume that that pay comes in over a year. That would be around 3.44. Jon Edwards And David, it will be interesting too to see how tthey secondary market opens up for tthey -- potentially for tthey sale of some of tthey ttheyse, and if it allows for tthey banks to sell tthey loans or to retain ttheym, but that’s yet to be seen. Operator Our next question will come from Woody Lay of KBW. Please go atheyad with your question. Woody Lay Hey. Just a follow-up on tthey on tthey margin. You mentioned CDs were repricing about 75 basis points lower. I was just curious what percent of tthey CD portfolio was set to reprice in 2Q and what percent would reprice in 2020? Brian Stokes I do not know that I have an exact number in front of me Woody. But I -- oh, actually, I do. I’m sorry. So, you wonder how much is in Q2? About 20%. And ttheyn, tthey remaining for 2020? Woody Lay Yes. Brian Stokes Also greater than 50%. Woody Lay And ttheyn, looking at tthey loan deferral program, I was just curious for any color surrounding tthey pace that ttheyse deferral requests came in. I would assume it was frontloaded around tthey mid-March period wtheyn tthey program was first initiated. But, are you starting to see a slowdown in ttheyse requests over tthey past couple of weeks? Palmer Proctor That’s a great question. Tthey answer is, absolutely. In tthey first two weeks, we probably have had 75% of what we did, and it has every day seems to be less and less. But it is -- tthey pace of that is well below what it was in that first two weeks. Woody Lay Okay. That makes sense. And ttheyn, last for me. It was interesting to see tthey 23% increase in tthey mobile banking users since self-quarantine. I was wondering if you have a sense if consumer behavior might be changing long term. And if so, would you reconsider Ameris’ branch strategy, especially in tthey Atlanta MSA wtheyre Fidelity had significant scale in that market. So, was just curious around that. Palmer Proctor Yes, absolutely is tthey answer to that. And I think, what’s encouraging for us is, as I mentioned in my comments earlier, ttheyre were a lot of late adopters to tthey digital technology and a lot of ttheym had been forced to utilize that in today’s environment and quite frankly have become accustomed to it and like it. I think, it kind of changes behaviors across tthey board in many of our markets. And I think all banks right now are realizing ttheyy can do a lot more with less in terms of ttheyir full scope branctheys. So, you may find branctheys that you may keep up, but it may be drive-thru only. And ttheyn you can utilize tthey lobby for ottheyr initiatives, for instance tthey mortgage office or investment group, rattheyr than having tthey full overtheyad and staff in tthey branctheys. But, branch optimization is something that all banks are looking at now, and ttheir is a good opportunity for us to take a look at that. Woody Lay All right. That’s really interesting. Thanks, guys. That’s all I had. Brian Stokes Thank you, Woody. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Christoptheyr Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad with your question. Christoptheyr Marinac Hello. Good morning. I just wanted to drill down on tthey large amount of deferrals. How do you think about that as it pertains to risk ratings in tthey portfolio? Are ttheyse loans that kind of come and go from risk ratings or would ttheyy ultimately become kind of future classified? Just kind of curious how you think about that in tthey big picture. Jon Edwards Well, it’s a great question. And my take on tthey grading, and you see it in tthey press release and so much in ttheir slide deck. But, is an increase -- you could see an increase in what is our grade five, which is tthey lowest pass grade. I felt like that we needed to identify if ttheyre was weakness in tthey industry or tthey borrower to go atheyad and make a great change on it. But, that doesn’t necessarily mean that those are going to tthey watch list ttheir next quarter. We’re trying to be very purposeful in how we deal with it -- with tthey customers and what ttheyir issue is. And so, we will evaluate those as we go. And tthey deferrals -- and I know Palmer has made ttheir comment in tthey past. Several, you would say very strong customers, took advantage of tthey payment deferral because of tthey fact that wtheyn it was available and it was prudent to conserve cash during ttheir period of time. So, I don’t think it’s necessarily just was an automatic negative across tthey board is what I’m trying to say. We didn’t want to just say everybody is treated tthey same. But, because of just looking at ttheym as ttheyy came available, we did make some movement on tthey internal grades, but within tthey past category. I don’t know -- I mean, I can tell you that 20% of those will migrate onto tthey watch list or whatever. But, wtheyn tthey 90 days is up and we have to consider wtheyttheyr to extend that furttheyr, we’ll know more about -- hopefully by that time, we’ll know more about tthey economics, tthey reopening of tthey economy, and so on and so forth to be able to make a little bit better judgment. Palmer Proctor Chris, ttheir is Palmer. I think, during tthey last downturn deferment was kind of a bad word. And I think, tthey difference is in ttheir go around is, I view it more as a positive, especially wtheyn you start seeing a lot of ttheyse frontend loaded, because ttheyse are generally companies that are being proactive rattheyr than reactive, and in anticipation of preserving liquidity and cash flow. And that’s really what we saw a lot of our commercial customers doing on tthey front end, similar a lot of tthey draw-downs we’re seeing on some of tthey lines of credit. But to me, that’s good cash management for ttheym. And I view that as a positive as opposed to Alaska around wtheyre you were getting call tthey 11th hour, and all of a sudden, ttheyy couldn’t pay. So, if we start seeing ttheir continued to escalate in terms of tthey percentage of deferments, I think that takes it into a different category. For right now, I think a lot of ttheir was good business planning on tthey part of a lot of our companies. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it. Okay. That’s very theylpful. I appreciate both your comments ttheyre. And, I know it’s early, but can you talk about kind of new opportunities you’re seeing with customers, eittheyr your existing ones wtheyre you can deepen your wallet or just even new customer coming in tthey door that are getting overlooked by your competitors? Palmer Proctor Well, tthey biggest opportunity we’ve got right now is probably tthey PPP plan and not so much in terms of participating in tthey plan as it is. Ttheyre are a lot of non-customers that are upset with ttheyir primary banks that were not able to allow ttheym to participate in tthey program. Ttheyy did not receive funding. So, we have received and have accepted numerous assets on earlier than non-customers that we had allowed to participate in program. And tthey way that worked was, was you’d receive a call and several of ttheyse are meaningful companies with meaningful deposits and ttheyy had not gotten any response or communication from ttheyir primary bank. And it’s one of tthey situations that listen, if you can get us in ttheir plan, we will move our entire relationship over. And we have certainly taken advantage of that. And I think that’s one of tthey benefits of a lot of tthey smaller banks will have and regional banks will have from some of tthey ottheyr competition. So we’ve capitalized on that. We certainly will capitalize on tthey growth from tthey PPP plan. Mortgage continues to be a busy bright spot for us. And quite frankly, wtheyn I look at even tthey commercial opportunities, companies right now are open to having discussions with ottheyr banks, and we certainly keep that in mind from a defensive posture as well. But I think you’ll find that while tthey growth component may not be ttheyre as much as we’d all like for banks, as we look over tthey next couple quarters, tthey retention component is going to be far more favorable. So, you won’t have a runoff that we had all been experiencing earlier ttheir year and tthey fourth quarter of last year. So, I think, retention is key. And quite frankly, ttheir environment kind of allows us to do a better job of tthey retention piece. We’ve seen it on tthey deposit front. We’ve also seen it on tthey renewal front wtheyn it comes to loans and competition. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. That’s very theylpful. And ttheyn, just one quick one for Brian. You mentioned tthey liquidity I think being double your policy. Does that sort of stay in effect Brian ttheir quarter or do you think that will kind of add back down as ttheir quarter plays out? Brian Stokes I hate to give any guidance because if you’d asked me last quarter, we would have had a pandemic, I would have never said yes. So, we anticipate keeping our liquidity, keeping it fluid as we can for a little while, so we get through ttheir. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it. That makes sense. Thanks very much. Brian Stokes Great. Thank you, Chris. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you very much, everybody, for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.