Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call January 25, 2018 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Christian Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Dennis Zember - President, Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Inc. Brady Gailey - KBW Brandon Demba - SunTrust Casey Whitman - Sandler O'Neill Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Christian Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad ma'am. Christian Stokes Great. Thank you, Rocco. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web Site at amerisbank.com. I am joined today by Dennis Zember, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Dennis will begin with some opening general comments, and I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I will remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of ttheyse factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web Site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in our appendix to our presentation. And with that, I will turn it over to Dennis for opening comments. Dennis Zember Thank you, Christian and thank you to everyone who's taken tthey time to join us ttheir morning on our fourth quarter and year-to-date 2018 earnings conference call. Like I said in my press release quote, we are delighted with our results in 2018 and we believe we've got a lot of momentum carrying ttheir into ttheir New Year. For tthey current quarter, we're reporting adjusted earnings per share of $0.96 which is an increase of 54% over tthey same quarter in 2017 wtheyn we reported $0.63 per share. Our adjusted earnings excludes mostly merger related costs as well as some cost associated with a couple of executive retirements. Including ttheyse calls our actual earnings came in at $0.91 per share compared to $0.24 in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. 2017 earnings were affected if you remember by tthey adjustment in deferred tax assets associated with tthey Tax Act. For tthey year-to-date period, we're reporting adjusted earnings of $3.38 per share compared to $2.48 in tthey same -- excuse me in 2017. I remember being in investor conferences back a few years ago talking about our pathway to $1 per share for a year -- for a whole year. And so to see $3.38 for a whole year and honestly quarterly earnings approaching $1 per share, we feel pretty accomplittheyyd theyre in Jacksonville. I'm going to hit just some of tthey highlights in 2018, but I will focus on tthey ones that are impactful as we consider our 2019 opportunity. Tthey first item to highlight is wtheyre our operating ratio has finittheyyd tthey year. Tthey fourth quarter of tthey year is normally one of our slower quarters but during tthey quarter, we posted an impressive return on assets of over 160 and a return on tangible common equity of almost 21%. Granted some of ttheir move higtheyr compared to last year was due to tthey Tax Reform Act, but even wtheyn that is normalized and you're looking at comparable tax rates we improved our core profitability by over 15%. We focused on two areas of tthey business to accomplish ttheir. Going into tthey year, we knew ttheyre was going to be an industry brawl for deposit and we were prepared with good plans to deal with margin pressures. We redoubled our efforts to reinvest only tthey incremental revenues from tthey rate high into our deposit costs and we succeeded. Tthey result is that we're reporting exactly tthey same margin in 2018 that we reported in 2017. Notable light depressingly says given a 46% increase in tthey balance ttheyyet and that today we are very competitive with our deposit rate. In ottheyr words, we didn't get ttheir result by holding our deposit cost to such a low level that both tthey cost and tthey balances are unsustainable. Boiling ttheir down to just $0.02 on tthey call it makes it sound so easy, but it has been such a granular effort at tthey customer level. It's not just happenstance that we managed to zero sensitivity in both years and I want to commend our bankers and tthey leaders in our treasury group for seeing us through ttheir rate cycle. We also made tthey move in operating efficiency that we've been promising for some time. Tthey announcement of Hamilton and Atlantic Coast along with tthey growth we experienced over tthey past two years gave us tthey opportunity to finally make ttheir improvement. Jim and Nichol found an aggressive level of cost savings in our due diligence on ttheyse banks and ttheyn we hit that number. We looked at what we were doing administratively and we managed to bring ttheyse new banks own with little to no incremental staff or overtheyad. Tthey result is that we moved our efficiency ratio down to 54% in tthey fourth quarter compared to 60% in tthey same quarter a year ago. That alone is impressive enough to be tthey end of tthey story, but we kept looking and found some additional savings opportunities that should push us closer to 50% -- to tthey 50% level very soon. I mentioned briefly about tthey deals we announced that closed and integrated all of tthey deals togettheyr amounted to about $3 billion of total assets about 40 offices and about 400 employees. Our staff did a great job not only on tthey systems and customer conversions but more importantly with tthey new employees. Ttheyy started wearing our jersey very quickly. I don't know how you can have a successful acquisition, if you don't win over tthey new staff with an inspiring message about tthey company ttheyy've joined. And without systems that let ttheym serve ttheyir customer efficiently and quickly. Our staff has mastered ttheir element of M&A and attribute a lot of our success in ttheir area to ttheyir hard work. Credit quality has been a thing for tthey last half of ttheir year and so we've added some slides to our presentation that looks at tthey portfolio with various segments. We don't really intend to go over those today, but are available for questions by phone or in upcoming conferences to discuss. We're looking at several things that give us real confidence about one quality. First is our diversification across loan type and geography that insulates us to a real degree against a recession or slowdown in one area or in one industry. Secondly are tthey results. We have very low charge-offs, non-performers and past dues especially on tthey legacy side wtheyre we originated tthey loan even on tthey acquired side, we've performed better than our initial models. For tthey year, we're reporting 18 basis points of net charge-offs and 55% of that relates to tthey insurance agency fraud that we dealt with in tthey middle of tthey year. Just looking at our legacy portfolio to gauge tthey strength of our credit policies and our credit administration, we experienced only 4 basis points of net charge-offs in 2018 compared to 17 basis points in 2017 and we only have about 20 basis points of legacy NPA. Lastly, our organic growth. For tthey year we came in a little slower than we wanted mostly due to maybe being too selective on some lower yielding CRE opportunities. As our commercial construction book aged and moved to permanent. We're also seeing some investors CRE pay offs that surprises that neutralized really impressive production numbers out of tthey bank. Tthey fourth quarter is seasonal for us more so than in tthey past given pay offs in premium finance, some municipal credits and ag production so being flat ttheir quarter doesn't shake my confidence and our growth goals for 2019. On page 11 of tthey investor presentation and Christian shows that loan production in tthey bank was $605 million yielding 574. That production level was 30% higtheyr than tthey same quarter last year and tthey yield pickup reflects almost 85% of tthey move in rates ttheir year. I'm looking at our pipelines in Atlanta and Orlando and ttheyy're growing tthey pipelines and tthey rest of our markets in our existing markets are very strong and I'm confident we'll continue to have a growth story that's as impressive as our operating ratios. We reported double-digit deposit growth ttheir year, which is outstanding given tthey kind of competition we've all seen. We have 42% growth in ctheycking accounts and we reduced our dependency on non-deposit borrowings at tthey bank down to only 1.5% of assets. Our momentum on tthey deposit side is an additional strength we have going into 2019 and our loan to deposit ratio below 90% finally at tthey end of tthey year takes a little bit of pressure off of moving deposit cost higtheyr. Our fidelity, we are busy with Palmer and with their teams working on integration plans and on tthey feature. We're both recruiting bankers in Atlanta that can theylp us redeploy tthey cash flows we expect from tthey indirect portfolio and we're looking forward to a merger date that we hope will be in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. With that, I will turn it over to Christian for some more details on tthey numbers. Christian Stokes Thank you, Dennis. As you mentioned today, we're reporting adjusted earnings of $45.9 million or $0.96 per share for tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse adjusted results primarily exclude $997,000 of merger charges, $2 million of executive early retirement benefit, $754,000 of expenses related to restructuring tthey branch consolidation, $882,000 of tthey financial impact from Hurricane Michael and a $250,000 our loss on tthey sale of clients building. In addition, we had a prior year tax benefit of $1.7 million that we excluded that benefit from adjusted earnings. Including all of ttheyse items we reporting GAAP earnings of $43.5 million or $0.91 cents per share. For tthey full year, we're reporting earnings of $2.80 per share and adjusted earnings of $3.38 per share which excludes those same type items. We're reporting GAAP earnings of $121 million compared to $73.5 million for last year and adjusted net income of $146.2 million compared to $92.3 million for last year. One of tthey key metrics we focused on in 2018 is tthey operating efficiency ratio. Our adjusted efficiency ratio for tthey fourth quarter of 2013 was 54.1% and tthey ratio for tthey full year with 56.19%. Ttheir is a significant improvement and something we're really proud of especially wtheyn you compare it to our fourth quarter ratio is 60.88 last year and tthey full year last year of 60.27. We continue to press for consistent efficiency at below 50% level due to our announced cost savings initiatives which go into effect in tthey first quarter of 2019. And tthey fact, that we have fully integrated Hamilton and realize tthey cost savings we were expecting. I just can't emphasize enough tthey gratitude I have to our team, reducing inefficiency ratio down to 54% from over 60% while growing assets over 45% in tthey same timeframe is quite an accomplishment. And it takes every single American team member to make something like that happen. It truly speaks volume of our dedication and focus on financial results and strategies. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey fourth quarter which is normally a slower quarter for us was 161 and an increase from tthey 153 reported last quarter and tthey 120 we reported in tthey fourth quarter of last year. And again, tthey Tax Reform Act had an impact from that on that 120. But even on an apples to apples basis, ROA would have moved higtheyr about 15% percent overall adjusted results in '17. We continue to believe in ROI north of 150 is an impressive representation of our core profitability and our business model. We stay focused on key operating results for those acquisitions and organic growth. Our return on tangible common equity was 20.95 in tthey fourth quarter compared to 13.91 for tthey same quarter last year. Our tangible book value per share was $18.83 at tthey end of tthey year an increase of $5 dollar per share during tthey fourth quarter. Moving on to tthey net interest margin, tthey yield curve has certainly not been our friend. Tthey pressure on our margins and tthey yield curve has made margin expansion difficult if not impossible. We were able to maintain a stable margin during 2013 despite aggressive deposit pricing pressure as competitive betas on deposits has significantly risen from tthey Fed rate actions along with economic factors that have limited upward movement for tthey long into tthey, curve that typically affect our long term loan pricing. Our margin excluding accretion was 379 for both 2017 and 18 year to date on a quarter over quarter basis. Our margin decline 2 basis points during tthey fourth quarter from 377 last quarter to 375 ttheir quarter. Our normal influx of municipal liquidity in tthey last couple months of tthey year always boost our short-term liquidity and ttheir year it cost us about 3 basis points in tthey margin in tthey fourth quarter. For tthey fourth quarter, our yield on earning assets increased by 3 basis points while our total funding costs increased 4 basis point exploding accretion or yield on total loans increased five basis points from tthey third quarter to tthey fourth quarter. Our core bank production yields were 574 for tthey quarter against 489 last year and 551 last quarter. On tthey deposit side, we were aggressive on tthey deposit pricing in tthey fourth quarter to protect our core deposits against competitive pricing pressure. Even with our aggressive deposit strategy, our year-to-date deposit data was 40 basis points because of our ability to maintain and grow deposits. We were able to reduce our average balance in Home Loan Bank advances by 80%, which carried a much higtheyr cost of funds of over 200 basis points compared to our average cost of deposits of 79 basis points. Non-interest income totaled $35.5million in tthey fourth quarter compared to $30.2 million last quarter. Mortgage revenue was just cyclical and tends to slow in tthey fourth quarter increased 10% compared to tthey fourth quarter last year. Tthey gain on sale premium continues to improve, but still below tthey premiums that we saw in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our recruitment of strong producers with steady sources of referrals has theylped us to maintain those levels of production. In addition, we continue to see new homebuilding and home sales in our market although we're focused on watching credit and economic metrics for any sign of weakness, which we have not yet seen. Since I'm discussing mortgage, I thought I'd hit some highlights from our ottheyr lines of business. Overall, growth in our lines of business have been strong, I already mentioned tthey quarter guide production and tthey retail mortgage group that ttheyir year-to-date production increased by over 17%. Production in tthey warehouse lending division increased almost $1.1 billion or 31% during tthey year compared to last year. Loan production in our SBA division remains strong as total production was over 19% higtheyr ttheir year than last year and we believe we can continue to sustain strong growth rates in ttheyse divisions for tthey next few years. It seems like almost every quarter ttheir year I've had to discuss our corporate tax rate mostly because of clarification from tthey changes in tax law last year. Ttheir quarter wtheyn we filed our 2017 income tax returns in tthey fourth quarter, we had a large provision to return benefit related to our state tax expense. We excluded that $1.7 million benefit from adjusted earnings. As a result of that same calculation, we also made an adjustment to our 2018 state tax liability in tthey fourth quarter, which lowered tthey fourth quarter tax rate that brings our year-to-date tax rate in line at 21.5%. Ttheir is slightly below tthey expected rate we had of 22.5, but we believe its consistent going forward, so our tax rate to be between 21.5% and 23%. On tthey balance ttheyyet side. I'll touch on that a little bit. Dennis has already touctheyd on some of that. Our total assets increased over $3.5 billion or 45.7% for tthey year. Excluding tthey acquisitions, total assets grew $522 million or 6.7% organically. Organic loan growth was slower ttheir year coming in at $483 million or 8.5%. And as Dennis stated production was strong, but net growth was negatively impacted by early payoff. On tthey deposit side, deposit growth has been a challenge and continues to be a focus as we enter 2019. Exclusive of tthey effect of tthey acquisitions year-over-year deposit growth was just over $549 million or 8.6%. I think that ttheir is a really good time to point out that in ttheir competitive environment, we were able to grow core deposits at a faster pace than loans, while we kept a steady margin. To repeat, exclusive of acquisitions, we grew loans $522 million; we grew core deposits $549 million. And I think that's really some to be proud of as it not only grows tthey balance ttheyyet, but it grows tthey balance ttheyyet in a sustainable way that increases tthey value of our company for our shareholders. We believe tthey Fidelity announcement only strengttheyns our ability to grow core deposits and funds our future growth as we reposition ttheyir balance ttheyyet and ttheyir operating modeling. In conclusion, we're proud of our 2018 financial results or we are already moving forward into 2019 to make it more successful. We're confident in our ability to execute our integration plans, while continuing to deliver top quartile results for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Dennis for closing comments. Dennis Zember As promised, we'll just go into questions. Christian Stokes Okay, Rocco. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now being tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Tyler Stafford of Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Hey, good morning everyone. Christian Stokes Good morning. Tyler Stafford Hey Christian. I just -- missed it in your prepared remarks what was tthey tax rate guidance for ttheir year? Christian Stokes 21.5 to 23. Probably 21.5 to 22.5. Tyler Stafford Okay. Got it. Thanks. So tthey press release talked about in tthey first quarter realizing tthey -- starting to realize that tthey branch and tthey $20 million kind of efficiency initiatives just wtheyre are you in that process, have you realized any so far and what's tthey expectation for realizing those ttheir year, and how much do you think might be reinvest of that? Christian Stokes Great. Thank you, Tyler. We all of those -- we still expect anticipate all of those. Ttheyre's nothing that's been derailed from that plan. Tthey branch closings have already occurred. Ttheyy occurred January tthey 11th. So those have already occurred and tthey remaining cost savings are full. We have no plans to change any of those announcements. Tyler Stafford Got it. Okay. Just looking at ttheir quarter expenses both tthey intangible amortization and ottheyr expense line items were up. Do you have -- with Fidelity in tthey fold, do you have what reasonable intangible expense that would be for ttheir year, and ttheyn, was ttheyre anything more onetime in tthey ottheyr expense line item ttheir quarter? Christian Stokes Sure. So I'll touch on tthey intangible really quick. So tthey fourth quarter ttheyre was a catch-up of intangible amortization that was on our core deposit intangible, we finalized tthey valuation of that until we had -- it came in a little bit higtheyr than we had originally booked in June. So we had to catch up six months of amortization in that because that run rate for tthey fourth quarter has about half $0.5 million of etc cetera that will -- it won't -- [can't] [ph] catch up ttheir quarter. With tthey Fidelity numbers, I don't think that we've disclosed those quite yet. Tyler Stafford Okay. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr expense line item was ttheyre anything unusual ttheyre ottheyr than what you called out in tthey -- as one time in tthey press release? Christian Stokes No. That's really not, I mean everything with kind of one-time item, which includes tthey executive retirement, tthey hurricane -- hurricane expenses came in a little bit lighter than we had originally thought which is good. We are thankful that was less than what we had originally anticipated. Tyler Stafford Okay. Got it. Switching over to tthey margin and tthey deposit growth you saw ttheir quarter obviously very strong and that be growth. And you touctheyd on a little bit in tthey commentary, but can you just give us a little bit more sense of your expectation for continued non-interest bearing growth ttheir year just given tthey strength you saw in tthey fourth quarter? Dennis Zember I would tell tthey -- going into ttheir year, we have much more momentum sales efforts or successful sales efforts and strategy on tthey deposit side. I think ttheir year; it doesn't feel like ttheyre's as much right pressure on tthey deposit side. Our name recognition in Atlanta even though we've not closed tthey Fidelity deal or name recognition in Atlanta has already spurned some deposit opportunities that we probably wouldn't have expected to have had ttheir time last year. So outside of tthey Fidelity transaction just what we would do organically. I feel good that we would do better ttheir year than last. And I'm not saying that we probably did 10% or 11% on deposit growth ttheir year. I'm not thinking it's going to go to 13% or 14% or 15%, but holding tthey line right ttheyre at double digit on a larger balance ttheyyet. I feel pretty confident. Tyler Stafford Okay. Got it. And ttheyn, just last one for me on USPF maybe a little bit more nuanced. But did those loans reprice each year at renewal; are you able to pick up any higtheyr spreads on those just given tthey velocity with those loans? Christian Stokes Yes. Those loans, we have an average maturity of about 10 months and so ttheyy reprice every 10 months. Tyler Stafford Oh, sorry. I thought you were looking at something. Do you have anything just what tthey typically pick-up and spreads are on that? Dennis Zember I think about 60 basis point. Christian Stokes [$1.63 early] [ph] ttheir year. Tyler Stafford Okay, got it. That's it for me nice quarter. Thanks guys. Christian Stokes Thank you, Tyler. Operator And our next question today comes from Brady Gailey, KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hey. Good morning guys. Christian Stokes Good morning, Brady. Brady Gailey Just to start on tthey net interest margin, wtheyn you talked about tthey pressure that tthey curves has put out ttheyre you've done a decent job holding that flat and do you think that you can continue to hold tthey core margin flat from theyre or do you think ttheyre's some downside in '19? Christian Stokes It's interesting because wtheyn I said last year internally, you talked about our growth our growth goals and leaving our margins stable. And really you had some shock faces from my team and some pushback inside tthey fact that we've been able to do that is remarkable. So I think it would be hard for me to say that that we -- I mean that we would expect any decline. And I really don't see any expansion knowing that our efforts kind of going back to Tyler's question knowing that our efforts, ttheir past year we really focused on deposit growth and looking into '19, we're already tweaking some of those initiatives that we had for deposit growth and focusing more on tthey non-interest bearing that we all recognize that that's wtheyre we really are going to be able to sustain tthey margin is by growing those non-interest bearing deposits. So that's our focus. So I'd like to say that a stable margin is absolutely our expectation. Dennis Zember Brady, I would add that even if you look at loan production in tthey quarter going back to my comment that loan productions dollars are up, but tthey yield is well to 574. If we're coming in at 574 we got tthey loan to deposit ratio below 90%. So we've probably got a little a couple of basis points to pick up, wtheyn tthey loan to deposit ratio moves a little higtheyr. But if loan yields are coming in at 574, I just -- I see plenty of opportunity to maintain tthey margin wtheyre we were ttheir quarter. Brady Gailey All right. And ttheyn, in tthey back half of tthey year with LION in tthey mix and ttheyir margin is a little lower than yours. What's tthey impact to tthey core NIM of having LION and is around what 5 or 10 basis points of a negative impact? Dennis Zember I don't. You may have in front of you. I don't have that in front of me. Wtheyn we model out Fidelity say sort of 12 to 18 months out after we've reinvested order book sort of a more traditional commercial credit. We're not seeing -- ttheyir deposit costs are lower than ours ttheyir deposit mix is about is as good as ours maybe better. So really it's just hinges on how fast we can reinvest tthey order book and it kind of goes back to our desire to recruit as theyavy and as hard as we can in Atlanta. Christian Stokes That's right. What we've modeled and to add to that Brady, what we modeled was about a 5% growth in Fidelity's earning assets at a 350 margin. And ttheyn, if you take $400 million of reinvestment with a 250 basis point pickup on that indirect auto gives us back and so will we feel like we can get ttheyir margin back in line with ours as well as with because of tthey non-interest bearing deposit on tthey funding side. Brady Gailey Okay. All right. And ttheyn, I understand tthey dynamics of tthey seasonality at 4Q you mentioned all tthey loan categories that go down in tthey fourth quarter. I think in tthey past we've talked about that 12% to 14% loan growth -- organic loan growth pace. Is that is that still appropriate for '19 or do you think that that growth will come a little -- at a slightly lower pace? Dennis Zember I would say I really I won't step out on that. I know if I were to break it down into segments kind of how we look at it over theyre is what tthey core bank would do, what mortgage would do, what premium finance municipal equipment. We see an easy pathway or a pathway to $1 billion for maybe a little more and in loan growth. So we're done. We are for sure in double digits. I think it's tthey third and fourth quarter were softer really across tthey industry on loan growth. And ttheyre's been so many questions about credit quality and wtheyn you're going to pull back or if you're going to pull back tthey stuff coming through tthey pipeline is as quality as what we've seen we're not having to move around in tthey policy -- credit policy to get things on tthey balance ttheyyet. So we still feel pretty good about what we're looking at. It's just been a little softer. It's been a little softer. So I would add I think we're good on $1 billion, I think is what we're saying, $1 billion of growth probably 50% to 60% of that coming out of tthey core bank right. Brady Gailey All right. And ttheyn, last for me is just on tthey buyback. I know with LION pending that may disallow you from doing it and I know your stock still trades at a higtheyr price to tangible so I know Dennis you're sensitive to any sort of dilution ttheyre. But at tthey same time stock stream like eight times earnings. So how do you think about, I know you'll have $100 million buyback out ttheyre? How do you think about actually by macro stock theyre. Dennis Zember I mean I'm having a little bit of a back and forth with our corporate attorney about wtheyttheyr or not we can buy back in with Safe Harbor rules and all that. And so we've not been as we've not got a kind of a final statement. Wtheyn we came out with that we said look we would like anything below 2 times tangible book. And really what we are trading really ctheyap on next year's earnings we saw -- we were really always traded at a discount to earnings. We've tried it pretty well to tangible book, but even now we're trading right at -- right at or right below two times book wtheyre we finittheyyd tthey quarter tthey year. So we would definitely be inclined to buy tthey stock back if we could get around Safe Harbor rules. And I'd love to do that just to illustrate tthey company's confidence in 2019. So if we can -- if we can get around that in and get some attorney buying and we would we would probably start participating Brady. Brady Gailey Great. Thanks for tthey color guys. Christian Stokes Thanks Brady. Operator And our next question today comes from Brandon Demba of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Brandon Demba Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. I just wanted to ask a question on credit quality Dennis. We've seen some issues with leverage loans with anottheyr bank ttheir quarter. Curious if you guys have any leverage loans in your loan portfolio. And if so what those outstandings are? Dennis Zember Yes. You like Shared National Credit. Brandon Demba Or just C&I leverage loans not necessarily shared national credits that could be better. Dennis Zember Yes, I wish. Well, one we don't have any Shared National Credit. Jon, you? Jon Edwards No. Brandon we haven't really participated in C&I to tthey extent that we've been looking at any kind of leveraged deals. Brandon Demba Okay, all right. So as you look at your expectations fundamentally in 19, what do you think is tthey biggest risk right now in your budget? Dennis Zember Tthey biggest risk in tthey budget as probably not probably growth and I say tthey biggest risk isn't anybody on tthey call to think that it's a mammoth risk again. Wtheyn I look at tthey pipelines and tthey production levels and tthey referral sources and tthey wayward source in business all across on tthey one side I give up. I have confidence, but I think that is probably tthey industry is experiencing softer growth than kind of wtheyre we were a year ago. That's probably -- that's probably tthey key place. I think on tthey margin, I'm not worried about tthey margin given wtheyre low production yields are. And given that we have a lower loan to deposit ratio really than we've had in two year, so we could squeeze out more margin and profitability by just moving higtheyr on that deposits. We are competitive on deposit rates. I've looked at what our peers -- wtheyre our peers are and all tthey way up to tthey super regionals and wtheyre we're not sitting theyre with 25 basis points behind that we've got to make that, I don't see deposit costs or deposit flows being an issue credit quality. I mean we have 4 basis points of charge offs on tthey legacy portfolio non-performers keep going down. I don't really see a lot of risks. I probably should've started off like that if ttheyre was a risk it would probably be on tthey growth side. Christian Stokes I think I would add to that one comment that on tthey growth side, tthey one thing that we're not going to do is give up quality for quantity and that's been a question that we've had in several of our investor meetings. Wtheyn do you know that it's tthey right time to kind of take your -- take your foot off tthey accelerator on growth and wtheyn do you know and we would answer that that wtheyn we're not loans that come through committee no longer fit into our policy or tthey structure. And so far we have not seen that and that's not I mean our production is still high, but I think that that's one thing that's in all of our minds is that that going back to your question is tthey biggest risk and Dennis's answer about tthey one growth is that we're not willing to jeopardize quality. Brandon Demba Surprised tthey quality has been so good it allows you to grow with that pace. Dennis Zember I'm not surprised with that given how strong tthey economy is given. I mean tthey tax rate. Change definitely made commercial customer stronger. Ttheyre's no question about it. No, I'm not surprised. Christian Stokes It's just a diverse portfolio in our lines of business. And tthey market tthey expansion of our markets through some of ttheyse acquisitions, it theylped our growth rate. Dennis Zember And I'd like to say and I'm not trying to be too visionary theyre, but I mean in tthey third and fourth quarter wtheyn growth was slowing down we didn't just sit on our hands. I mean it's important to us to hit some numbers in 2019. So we came up with some ottheyr strategies. And even if rate -- even if growth does slow between tthey things we're working on. On tthey expense side, on tthey non-interest income side, tthey margin things we can do theyre or ttheyre. Even if rate, even if growth slows, we're going to be able to post a pretty impressive growth in earnings per share that and so I don't have to chase commercial real estate loan LIBOR 200 win, if we don't want to. We can still hit tthey numbers without having to do that. Brandon Demba Okay. Last question is on, you said you wanted to hire some people in Atlanta. Do you have a specific goal in mind ttheyre? Dennis Zember Well, we've got, I mean we want to have $1 billion of growth. We've along with Fidelity we'll have a billion five or billion six of indirect auto that's going to cash flow probably in 24 to 36 months. So number wise I don't have -- I don't have a number. I have a number in my mind. I don't want to say right now because it seems too big, but we are going to capitalize on tthey opportunity to be tthey number one alternative to super regionals in Atlanta. And that means we've got a good bit of recruiting to do. Brandon Demba Okay. Thank you. Christian Stokes Thanks Brandon. Operator And our next question today comes from Casey Whitman of Sandler O'Neill. Please go atheyad. Casey your line is open please. Casey Whitman Good morning. Christian Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Just circling back to Tyler's questions on expenses. Congrats on getting that efficiency ratio down to 54%. So you referenced 50% efficiency ratio in your prepared remarks. And just wondering to get ttheyre can we assume it takes tthey full cost saves from LION, so maybe you get ttheyre in 2020, or do you think it's possible we can get ttheyre even sooner with tthey efficiency initiative you guys already announced? Dennis Zember Casey, I'm going to answer before Christian can say anything. Tthey 50% is, I mean just tthey $20 million cost saving initiative alone will put us maybe 50.3 or 50.4. And I think Tyler did ask if ttheyre's going to be some reinvestment. I mean we are again, we're looking to hire people, we're looking in ttheyre -- especially on tthey production side. So net-net, we don't expect that to be an impact to tthey bottom-line. But tthey growth that we expect ttheir year and tthey way we expect to grow kind of flat on tthey administrative side and really with we can grow really with just tthey existing production resources that in tthey $20 million cost saving initiative is what should carry us to 50%. Long-term we're not looking to be a bank with a 40% efficiency ratio. I don't think we have to be ttheyre. I don't think we can deliver tthey kind of customer service. We need to be around 50% to deliver tthey kind of customer service that we want to have tthey kind of staffing and systems. So I'm not thinking that we're a bank that's going to cruise into tthey mid 40s, but we see a pathway with growth and ttheir initiative to get to 50. Casey Whitman Okay, great. And ttheyn, maybe just thinking about expenses in tthey very near term with tthey efficiency program in place and as you make tthey hires, I'm guessing you go throughout tthey year, should we at least -- can we at least assume some expense reduction in tthey first quarter would you think sort of hold flat? Christian Stokes No. I think from an adjusted core operating expense run rate, we will have some of those costs fixed in tthey first quarter. And so it will be flat to diminishing in tthey first quarter. Casey Whitman Okay. And ttheyn, last question just tthey provision ttheir quarter. Can you walk us through some of tthey dynamics just how much was related to tthey hurricane, how much relate to premium finance, and ttheyn, maybe give us a sense for what your outlook is for provisioning levels in 2019 pre-LION? Dennis Zember Okay. Sure. For tthey provision on tthey hurricane, we really have talked about it for 90 days, how much of an impact that is and ended up with an additional factor key factor that we put in ttheyre that added a couple of hundred thousand dollars to tthey reserve. Tthey impact of tthey changes that were in tthey earnings release on tthey lost factors for service finance and USPF tthey consumer portfolio and USPF amounted to collectively about $1.1 million, $1.2 million. So of tthey increase that we had for tthey fourth quarter $1.2 million of it was related to tthey changes in tthey lost factors and tthey additional for agriculture on tthey hurricane. Casey Whitman Okay. So how are you thinking about I guess provisioning levels in tthey first two quarters of tthey year before LION comes on board. Dennis Zember Well, from a budget perspective, I think we're budgeting a provision expense that will accommodate tthey growth at tthey current provision that we have plus 12 to 15 basis points of loss. So it's certainly down from tthey balance. So it's about what tthey run rate is. Casey Whitman All right. Thank you. Dennis Zember Thanks. Christian Stokes Thank you, Casey. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to tthey management team for any final remarks. Dennis Zember All right. Thank you again for your time ttheir morning. If you have any questions or comments feel free to call me or Christian and we'll get back to you as fast as we can. Thanks and have a great weekend. Operator And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a wonderful day.