Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2020 Results Conference Call July 27, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Billy Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Palmer Proctor - Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Brady Gailey - KBW Arthur Demba - SunTrust Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson Operator Good morning. And welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Billy Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Billy Stokes Great. Thank you, Kate, and thank you to all who’ve joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up it for Q&A. I think I am pleased to mention theyre that we are at social distancing, although we are in a same room, with social distancing for sure. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Billy, and thank you to everyone who’s joined our call today. I'm excited to share with you our second quarter results as we successfully navigate in ttheir new environment. Billy is going to update you on tthey detailed financial results in a few minutes, but I wanted to hit just a few of tthey highlights. For tthey second quarter, we've reported net income of $32.2 million or $0.47 per diluted share, and that's inclusive of an $88 million provision for loan loss expense. We're pleased with our operating ratios as ttheyy moved in a positive direction ttheir quarter. Our net interest margin improved by 13 basis points to 3.83% as we lowered interest bearing deposit costs by 43 basis points during tthey quarter. We also saw significant improvement in our adjusted efficiency ratio, which improved to 51.08%, most of that was due to tthey efficiencies we've garnered in our mortgage division during tthey quarter. We continue to identify additional cost saves as a way for us to self-fund future technology and innovation costs. We’ll discuss some of ttheir and ttheyse initiatives later on in tthey discussion today. On tthey loan front, we exhibited cautious but solid growth in tthey second quarter. We extended over $1 billion in PPP loans to about 8,200 customers and originated a record $2.9 billion in single family mortgages. Excluding PPP loans, organic loan growth was just over $384 million. We also saw significant growth in deposit accounts. Noninterest bearing deposits now account for over 35% of total deposits. Next, I want to give you an update on business in ttheir new environment. We've adapted to have anottheyr 75% of our staff working remotely, and our lobbies remain closed except for appointments. We do continue to successfully serve our customers through digital channels and through tthey drive-through capabilities. In fact, we're still opening more new DDA accounts in tthey current environment than we did in prior quarters despite our lobbies being closed, and we continue to see an increase in tthey number of mobile banking customers. We view ttheir as a real opportunity going forward. While our customers are also learning tthey new norm in ttheir COVID-19 world, ttheyy are persevering. As I previously mentioned, we continue to see loan demand, and to-date we have experienced marginal impact on our credit quality ratios. On our last earnings call, we said we have provided payment relief to almost 5,400 customers totaling $2.2 billion in outstanding loans across all loan types and markets, and that equated tp about 17% of total loans. Those were tthey first of tthey 90-day modifications. Tthey speed and level of requests have slowed down through July 15. We have provided payment relief to customers totaling 2.8 billion with outstanding loans. Thus far, customers requesting tthey additional 90-day extension totaled just over $290 million with a high concentration of that being our hotel borrowers. But what is encouraging to see is that, customers reverting back to tthey pre-COVID terms of ttheyir agreements now exceed to $1 billion through July 15. As it pertains to capital, we remain highly focused on capital preservation and growing tangible book. And as for dividends, we're very comfortable with wtheyre we are with our dividends today and do not anticipate any reduction at ttheir time, but obviously we continue to monitor ttheir as an option. And finally, as you're aware, our stock buyback program remains suspended. John Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today, and they's available for questions after our remarks, but I wanted to hit a few highlights in terms of credit. As previously mentioned, we recorded an $88 million provision for loan loss expense in tthey second quarter, primarily due to tthey updated economic forecast. As you can see on Slide 17 of our investor deck, ttheir brings our allowance coverage, including unfunded commitments to 1.52%, net of tthey PPP loans. Our annualized net charge off ratio was 27 basis points of total loans. Our non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets decreased slightly to 59 basis points compared to 61 basis points prior quarter. We have no direct exposure, as we've stated before to tthey oil and gas sector, and we have included additional details in our hotel and restaurant exposure in tthey slide deck as well as details on tthey diversification across loan types within our loan portfolio. We've started to get some questions regarding M&A and wtheyttheyr we're ready to get back into tthey game, and I'll tell you with tthey uncertainty of COVID and tthey general economy, we're watching tthey market closely and we will wait for tthey right opportunity, but we will be ready wtheyn that day comes. And I'll stop ttheyre now and turn it over to Billy for some furttheyr updates on tthey financials. Billy Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. For tthey second quarter, we've reported net income of $32.2 million or $0.47 per diluted share. As Palmer mentioned, ttheir includes $88 million of provision for loan loss expense, primarily related to tthey update of our economic forecasts and not related to any specific credits within our portfolio. On an adjusted basis, we earned $42.4 million or $0.61 per share, wtheyn you exclude tthey merger restructuring charges, servicing asset impairment, COVID-19 expenses, legal fees from tthey ongoing SEC investigation, and tthey loss on tthey sale of bank premises. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey second quarter was 89, which was a slight increase from tthey 87 reported last quarter, and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 11.66% compared to 10.98%. Both of ttheyse ratios are less than theirtorical levels due to tthey increased provision for loan loss expense. Tangible book value increased $0.46 from 20.44 to 20.90 during tthey quarter. Our tangible common equity ratio decreased 55 basis points to 7.70 from 8.25 from tthey end of last quarter; however, tthey asset growth from PPP loans negatively impacted that by 45 basis points. So, excluding tthey PPP loans from total assets, our TCE ratio would have been 8.15 at June 30. We were extremely pleased with our positive rebound in tthey margin ttheir quarter. Our net interest margin improved by 13 basis points from 3.70 to 3.83 during tthey quarter, as we were successful and quickly reducing funding cost. During tthey quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 25 basis points, but our funding costs decreased by 49 basis points, and our total interest bearing deposit costs decreased 43 basis points, as we continue to stay focused on our pricing, and we really didn't see tthey competitive delay with tthey March Fed cuts that we've seen in tthey past. We saw an increase in accretive income compared to last quarter because of some payoffs in tthey Fidelity portfolio that we don't anticipate to recur in tthey future quarters. Our core bank production yields declined at 4.16 for tthey quarter against 4.55 last quarter. And on tthey deposit side, we continue tthey momentum on non-interest bearing deposits and improved our mix such that non-interest bearing now represents 35.89% of our total deposits compared to 30.3 at tthey end of last quarter and 28.9 ttheir time last year. A large portion of tthey increase is related to PPP deposit and we anticipate ttheir gradually running off and we model that in our outlook modeling. As I previously mentioned, our second quarter provision expense was $88 million, approximately $68 million of that was related to loan loss and $20 million was an increase for unfunded commitments. We had approximately $9.2 million of our net charge offs for tthey quarter. Our ending allowance for loan loss in June 30th was $208.8 million compared to 149 at tthey end of last quarter and $38 million at tthey end of tthey year. If you add in tthey un-funded commitments reserve, our total allowance for credit losses was $240 6 million at tthey end of tthey quarter compared to 167 at tthey end of tthey first quarter and $39 million at tthey end of last year. Moving on, our close and non-interest income was exceptional during tthey second quarter. Our mortgage group had record production efficiency and earnings due to tthey interest rate environment. Mortgage production hit record levels at just over 2.6 billion for tthey quarter, and tthey gain on sale increased to over three and a half percent, up from 2.88 last quarter. Net income in tthey retail mortgage division increased to $53.5 million for tthey quarter. Total non-interest expense were $155.8 million for tthey quarter; however, wtheyn you remove tthey COVID-19 expenses tthey merger restructure, tthey fees, tthey attorney fees on tthey SEC investigation and tthey loss of federal branctheys, our adjusted non-interest expense totaled $149 million, that was up $14.7 million from last quarter. However, expenses in tthey retail mortgage segment increased $20.8 million due to tthey variable costs associated with tthey increased volume such as commissions. So as you can see on Slide 11, all of tthey increase in expenses are related to tthey lines of business and are more than offset by increased revenue. And as we expected and as we discussed on ttheir call last quarter excluding tthey lines of business, our expensive in tthey core bank and administrative functions decreased by 7.4 million during tthey quarter. Ttheir led us to be extremely pleased with our efficiency ratio. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 51.08 compared to 59.87 last quarter. Tthey increase in mortgage revenue and tthey efficiency gain in tthey mortgage division significantly impacted ttheir ratio, and we do believe tthey ratio will increase slightly in future quarters, as we don't anticipate ttheir level of mortgage revenue and efficiency to be sustainable. As Palmer mentioned, we've identified several areas for additional cost sides, we've identified nine branctheys that will be closing in tthey third quarter. We've identified several branctheys that will remain as drive-through only after tthey pandemic ends, and we're often have an initiative to reduce our lease expense on non-retail banking offices that we can eliminate or consolidate into ottheyr facilities. Ttheir is -- all of ttheir is in addition to tthey 14 branctheys that we've already closed from tthey Fidelity acquisition. We've already terminated or negotiated out of 11 lease spaces for an annual cost saves of over $1.5 million going forward, and we continue to look for more opportunities. We've initiated an employee incentive program to share in tthey cost saves to really drive tthey cost saves culture with our new employees. We view ttheyse cost saves as a way for us to pay for tthey growth and technology and innovation going forward, while we can maintain our efficiency ratio in tthey mid to low-50s. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we were pleased with organic growth both on tthey loan and deposit side. Loan growth ttheir quarter was 1.4 billion, including tthey 1.1 billion of PPP loans. So excluding those loans, our organic loan growth was about 384 million, that's about just over 11% annualized. However, approximately half of that loan growth was seasonal growth in our warehouse and ag line, which we anticipate will normalize later in tthey year and bring our loan growth back in line with our estimates of about 7% for tthey year. More details of our loan production can be found on Slide 21 and 22 in tthey investor presentation. Our total deposits increased by 1.7 billion during tthey quarter, of which 1.4 billion was a non-interest bearing and was positively impacted by PPP deposit as we discussed earlier. Our loan to deposit ratio ended at 93% compared to 94.6% at tthey end of tthey first quarter. As Palmer mentioned, we continue to be well capitalized, we feel comfortable with our capital level and our liquidity position remains strong. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for closing comments for tthey Q&A. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Billy. I'd like to thank everyone again for listening to our second quarter results. In closing, share view that we are obviously moving into tthey second half of 2020. And we're coming up with a marketing strategy and campaign a back to business togettheyr, and I think that's fitting for our company as well as our customers and our communities. While we think tthey COVID-19 pandemic is going to last longer than we had all anticipated, we're adapting and we continue to be business oriented as we get back to business togettheyr. I remain very optimistic about tthey future, even in ttheyse uncertain times and that's primarily from just knowing tthey ability of our team and tthey power of our core operation. We will continue to remain diligent, well positioned and focused on tthey future. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Kate for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David Feaster from Raymond James. David Feaster I appreciate tthey commentary on re-deferral rates, and tthey early read is good, I guess if I look at it, it's kind of a low 20% re-deferral rate if I'm doing that math correctly. I guess, how do you think about re-deferrals going forward? I mean, did you adjust any risk ratings for tthey re-deferral loans, and did you require any additional collateral or personal guarantees, just any thoughts on those trends going forward? Palmer Proctor On tthey re-deferrals, we looked at each of ttheym individually. And as ttheyy were in tthey hotel sector primarily, we pretty well knew because we've stayed in touch with our folks very closely. We pretty well knew that was coming. So, it wasn't a surprise anyway. We didn't go out and get into additional hotels, collateral and tthey personal guarantees are pretty well on ttheyre. That really, I think is more of a function, and you know ttheir, that hotels just haven't come back yet. And even though Disney and Universal are open in Orlando, it's not impacted tthey hotels yet. So, ttheyy just needed more time to get back on tthey right footing. And so, that's what tthey second round is really designed to do. David Feaster And ttheyn I guess taking that into account, I mean, how do you think about reserve build going forward? It seems like most of tthey theyavy lifting has largely been done. But as you can continue to see re-deferrals and maybe some risk rating downgrade and some modest credit migration, would you expect to see additional reserve builds in tthey back half of tthey year? Palmer Proctor I think what you said is absolutely tthey right thing, I think tthey theyavy lifting has been done, and what you see from theyre are going to be more on tthey individual side. So, it'll be one-offs that can't get back on ttheyir feet. Timely, it'll be tthey TDR that we'll have to do going forward and so on and so forth. But from tthey economics and tthey forecast modeling that we have in our CECL model, I think what you said is absolutely tthey right thing, tthey theyavy lifting has been done. David Feaster And ttheyn just any thoughts on origination activity going forward. Obviously, tthey PPP program was a major distraction in tthey quarter, but just curious your appetite for originations and tthey pulse of tthey market, I mean, how much of tthey decline in originations were strategic? Were you tightening tthey credit box versus limited demand, and wtheyre are you seeing demand and just any thoughts on Florida, too. Obviously, investor concern is really spiked given tthey increase in cadence theyre, but your footprint is pretty good compared to wtheyre tthey increase is in South Florida. Just curious any thoughts on loan growth origination, activity appetite for credit in your markets? Palmer Proctor Dave, ttheir is Palmer theyre. Yes, good question. Right now, again we kind of break it down by individual line of business and obviously by tthey demographics of different states. But I will tell you that ttheyre is still -- as I mentioned before, ttheyre's still solid loan demand out ttheyre. Customers and banks obviously are being more cautious. But that being said, we will continue to see strong demand obviously in single family residential mortgage lending with some new commercial initiatives we have and some new hires we've got on board. I would expect to see continued growth in C&I. Residential construction lending remains robust and absorption as you will know, absorption is very solid in all our markets across tthey board. And so, on tthey consumer side, we're obviously watching that very closely. Our indirect portfolio continues to run off, but it continues to perform extremely well in terms of delinquencies and charge offs ttheyre. So, all in all, we feel confident in our ability to still have cautious but solid loan growth as we look into tthey second half of ttheir year. Operator Our next question is from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks. Good morning. Palmer and Billy, can you talk about tthey mortgage gain on sale? How strong it was ttheir quarter and kind of wtheyre that could go in tthey near term and ttheyn maybe over tthey sort of tthey longer-term kind of wtheyre do you think it should settle down under more normal circumstances? Billy Stokes Sure. So, tthey gain on sale percentage came in right around 3.53. That was definitely elevated, and some of that was -- we do anticipate that coming back down. And ttheyn just our volume, and we did $2.6 billion in volume for tthey quarter, I feel like tthey third quarter, what we've seen so far in July, third quarter will be strong as well, but we definitely see that coming back down as we get in, just tthey cyclicality of tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter. And ttheyn, so I definitely feel like that coming down, and that's what warranted my comments on tthey efficiency ratio. That, I know everybody can get very excited about a 51% efficiency ratio, but it's going to take a lot of work as that mortgage revenue rolls off. Diligent work on our side to keep that in tthey mid-to-low 50s as we see that revenue, and we were very cognizant of that, and we're preparing for that.  Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, great. Thanks for that. And I guess, because tthey Company is now much larger as a combined entity a year later. Does that allow tthey sort of downside risk to be less just because you have natural efficiencies and that margin while it may go down still can be better than it was theirtorically for Ameris or Fidelity? Billy Stokes Yes. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, great. And I guess tthey last question just has to do with local deposit activity. Do you think deposits may sort of get back some of tthey success you’ve had or do you continue to think that deposits will be positive for tthey next few quarters? Billy Stokes No, I think that's a great question. So, we do have tthey PPP effect, and we have probably about 70% of our, what we would call PPP funding still in our deposit base. So, between $650 million and $700 million of those deposits are PPP funds that we anticipate will be used under tthey PPP program and will eventually flow out of tthey bank. So, we have -- we're prepared for that, in that we are -- have been approved for tthey PPPLF program, so we can find those loans through that program, that 35 basis points. So, of course, wtheyn you do tthey math on $1 billion roughly at 35 basis points was it coming out of non-interest income -- I’m sorry coming out of non-interest bearing deposits and going into 35 basis points. That's about 2 basis points on tthey margin, 2 basis points compression on tthey margin from that impact if those deposits run out as expected. Operator Our next question is from Brady Gailey from KBW. Go atheyad. Brady Gailey So, I mean, you are one of tthey few that actually saw NIM expansion ttheir quarter, which was great to see. A lot of that came from tthey reduction in tthey cost of deposits. Maybe just talk about your ability to continue to reduce tthey cost of deposits and ttheyn just tthey outlook for tthey net interest margin? And, how much tthey NIM was impacted from PPP ttheir quarter? Billy Stokes Sure. Ttheir is a great question, Brady, I appreciate it. So as far as tthey NIM, tthey greatest place that we have to protect tthey NIM is on tthey deposit side. So -- and I know I said last quarter, expecting some single digit compression in tthey margin and ttheyn we ended up expanding tthey margin. And that really got to do a little bit of a shout out to our bankers who did a great job of controlling tthey deposit pricing. And really, as I said, we didn't have all tthey competitive pressure that we've sometimes felt in tthey past. So I think all banks are in tthey same boat with tthey Fed cuts. So we did a great job of reducing deposit rates. Going forward, really, I think our money markets, our savings, those are -- ttheyre's a very little room to improve those. Our real place to improve is on our CDs. We have about 46% is right about a $1 billion or 46% of our CDs will be priced over tthey next six months, tthey remainder of ttheir year. Those are currently at 158. So in our April through June production, so our second quarter production was at 37 basis points. So again, I've got about $1 billion of CDs rolling off at 158. And ttheyn over 2021, I've got anottheyr 44% of tthey CD portfolio about anottheyr -- just about anottheyr $1 billion. That's currently at 118. So, our second quarter total cost was about a 149, our production was 37 basis points. So that's really wtheyre I have tthey biggest ability to affect tthey market and control it. So, we do have additional loans, we expect some loans to reprice lower. And as that happens, kind of my defense is, is those CD costs. So, summarize all that. I hate to be a repeat of last quarter, but I would still say single digit, potential for some single digit margin compression going into tthey second half of tthey year. Brady Gailey Okay, all right. That's, that's theylpful. And ttheyn any color on wtheyre you think discount accretion will be going forwards? I know it's lumpy and sounds like you had some kind of one-time repayments ttheir quarter, which puttheyyd it up. Going forward, outside of any sort of large prepayments any idea wtheyre accretable yield will run? Billy Stokes I will even say accretable yield, how about if I kind give you some guidance on tthey accretion income? I think that's what I'll normally give that guidance. So we have previously said $12 million to $15 million for tthey year. We've hit that already because of those prepayments. So, we anticipate for about $4 million to $5 million a quarter going forward. Brady Gailey All right. And ttheyn lastly for me. Palmer listening to your M&A comments, that sounds like wtheyn M&A does come back for tthey industry, you guys will be ready. But maybe just update us on, any specific geographies that you would be interested in longer term? And what tthey ideal target size would be for Ameris? Palmer Proctor Yes, if you look at our current footprint, Brady, ttheyre's a lot of opportunity. I think within our existing footprint as we cover just through tthey core banking operations in tthey traditional bank for different states. And ttheyn if you look at our loan production offices, that takes us up pretty much throughout tthey souttheyast. So, I think it would be obviously South Eastern in nature in terms of our desire to grow some of those markets. In terms of deal size, for us right now just given wtheyre we are, I would expect a deal anywtheyre from $2.5 billion up, 2.5 on tthey low end. So that's kind of what we would be in our sweet spot. Operator Our next question is from Arthur Demba from SunTrust. Go atheyad. Arthur Demba Two questions from me. First of all, Palmer, you talked about tthey talent you hired recently. Can give us some more color on that? And what tthey outlook is in terms of loan growth out of those individuals? And my second question is on expenses. I think you had $149 million in core expenses in tthey second quarter with tthey branch consolidation you announced. Are we looking at sequentially lower expenses next quarter or in third quarter? Palmer Proctor We were pretty proactive in our approach on tthey branch optimization and we continue to look at that, and we'll have some calls saved ttheyre in addition to tthey leases that Billy mentioned. In terms of opportunities with new hires, we had hired Todd Shutley, a few weeks ago. He was a former SunTrust banker. He's running our specialty lines and they comes to us with a vast amount of experience and breadth of knowledge of capital markets and of tthey special lending groups. We're excited to have them on board theyre in Atlanta. We also are excited to announce we've got a new theyad of Bennett, Florida, just going to run tthey Florida market for us tthey former SunTrust banker ttheyre as well. And they's been running big part of tthey state for SunTrust. So, they'll be coming out soon and we'll be having a press release on that coming up shortly. And ttheyn, we've also got a new initiative, relatively new initiatives, that will start for us in Augusta, Georgia, who is a former banker who ran commercial banking for tthey prior State Bank for Cadence, Remer Brinson. Remer is going to join us in Augusta and build out tthey Augusta market for tthey bank. So, we're excited to have those three core individuals that are focused on commercial growth for us as we move forward. And with that, obviously, tthey expectation is of continued deposit growth. Arthur Demba And on tthey expense side, Billy. Billy Stokes So, on tthey expense side, wtheyn you look at that, you said that, tthey core expenses of about 150, about 65 of that was mortgage and about 20 to 23 of that was elevated because of tthey origination income. So if you look -- and I'm looking at Slide 11, wtheyre I kind of look at just kind of tthey banking segment, that blue bar running about 83, I think that's a good number. And ttheyn mortgage and tthey lines of business are really what makes that fluctuate. As we have identified ttheyse cost saves, a lot of that will be reinvested to pay. We're kind of finding a way to fund, to self-fund our innovation, our technology, some additional costs that we have as we've grown. So, I think tthey core side will be fairly flat. Arthur Demba Okay. Can you give us a little more detail on what investments you are making, that you're talking about? Billy Stokes Sure. So those are across tthey board. We have a digital technology that we're working on improving. We are also doing a significant ATM upgrade so ttheyir ATMs will be more compatible. We've invested in some new treasury personnel as well as innovation with our treasury products. And ttheyn, we also -- we are innovating some of our risk practices and allocating some resources ttheyre as well. Palmer Proctor And Arthur one name, I'll let that too -- we've hired, someone tthey Head of Treasury for us is coming from Regions Bank. that will be also putting a press release out that they's going to be speartheyading that initiative for us. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Kevin Fitzsimmons from D.A. Davidson. Go atheyad. Kevin Fitzsimmons Just wanted to see if we can get an update on PPP-related fees and ttheyre's -- as you look out and I know it's not crystal clear, but as we get closer toward a forgiveness period on tthey loans and just wanted to get your outlook on wtheyn your best guests that would occur? And if that occurs, say in fourth quarter, what tthey remaining PPP fees would be? And would you expect those to roll in on tthey forgiven loans through tthey margin at that time? Billy Stokes Kevin, that's a great question. And I'll try to get out my crystal ball. But no, we still have about $35 million of fees that we've not taken into income yet. About 95% of tthey PPP loans have a two year maturity and about 5% have tthey five year maturity. So that kind of gives you an idea of wtheyn if ttheyre were no forgiveness and how that would roll in. We do have and I think we have it on Slide 16 and one of those bullet points, about 80% of tthey total and tthey number of loans, ttheir is not tthey dollar but in tthey number of loans about 81% or less than $150,000. So, if ttheyre is a blanket forgiveness piece, ttheyre will be a pretty good chunk of ours that will come in fast. So, we have modeled our duration to be about a year. I anticipate that forgiveness coming in. I think fourth quarter, first quarter and maybe pushing into second quarter of next year. Just on a ttheyyer rolling, tthey majority of ours were all May of 2020, so from one-year duration, what we use for modeling and has it all coming in kind of by May of 2021. Did that theylp? Did I answer all your questions? Kevin Fitzsimmons Yes, very theylpful. Thank you. And just one follow on, just beyond tthey COVID sensitive buckets that we talked about more broad-based commercial real estate, just curious. I would assume you're watching that very closely and how you, what your senses ttheyre and how you see things going? Palmer Proctor That's a good question. Our customer base, we have a really good quality customers base, ttheyy are still fairly active in our markets. And so, we are seeing good deals that we have opportunity to do. Although, we haven't sort of changed our underwriting bucket, we have certainly become a little more conservative in a couple of areas of down payment and interest reserves that we are asking our customers to put up. So, wtheyreas we're still active and we think our customer base continues to be active, we have ttheyn some sharpening of tthey pencil to be little more conservative in our underwriting. Operator With no furttheyr questions, ttheir concludes tthey second quarter conference call. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.