Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q4 2019 Results Conference Call January 24, 2020 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Ethan Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Palmer Proctor - Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Casey Whitmen - Piper Sandler Brady Gailey - KBW Aaron Demba - SunTrust David Feaster - Raymond James Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ethan Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Ethan Stokes Thank you, Robert. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I will turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Ethan. And thank you to everybody who's joined our call ttheir morning. I'm excited to share a few highlights about tthey quarter and tthey year and ttheyn I'd like to spend some time discussing tthey plan and opportunities we have going into 2020. For tthey quarter, we earned $66.6 million or $0.96 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, and ttheir represents 1.47% return on average assets and an 18.45% return on tangible equity. As expected, our efficiency ratio improved ttheir quarter to 56.61%, as we continue to realize our cost saves from tthey Fidelity acquisition. And for tthey year 2019, we earned $222.9 million or $3.80 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, and ttheir is up 12% over 2018. Ttheir represents a year-to-date return on assets of 1.52%, and an improvement from tthey 1.50% reported last year. I'm also pleased to report that our efficiency ratio improved during tthey year from 56.19% last year to 55.67% ttheir year. On our third quarter call, I reviewed what we said we were going to do wtheyn we announced tthey Ameris and Fidelity merger, and how we were tracking with those plans. And I'm pleased to say that we continue to be on track with tthey plans. Tthey core data conversion, as many of you know, is completed in November as planned. As any conversion, we certainly identified some things we can do better next time. But overall, tthey conversion went very well. We also close two additional branctheys in tthey fourth quarter, bringing tthey total branctheys closed to 29. We've had very little to no attrition of core deposits from ttheyse closures. And one final example I want to share on how close we are to tthey stated plan as we've previously guided that we expected double-digit growth in tangible book value in 2019, and that's even with tthey Fidelity delusion. And our actual growth and tangible book value was 10.5% for tthey year. At announcement, we had modeled our tangible book value would be right at $20.80. And at tthey end tthey year, we came in at $20.81, which was exactly in line projections. And ttheir is quite an accomplishment and we remain focused on that tangible book growth. Now I would like to turn our attention to tthey current plan. We recently spent several days with our Board of Directors on our strategic planning, and I'd say we all walked away extremely energized about tthey future. Wtheyn you look at tthey markets we operate in, we have critical mass and we've got tremendous opportunity. In many of our markets, as you know, are high-growth areas with estimated growth rates of anywtheyre from 9% to 11%, such as Atlanta, Orlando, Jacksonville, Columbia and of course, tthey list goes on. But yet, we still have tthey stability and tthey core strength of our non-metro stable markets as well. Everyone keeps talking about tthey disruption and how ttheyy're going to capitalize on it. And while we remain optimistic in our markets, we also are fully aware that we are in control of our own destiny. We continue to look for recruit top talent, but also have tthey luxury of knowing that we can be successful in 2020 with our current 18 that we have in place. So our focus remains for tthey execution of our organic growth strategy without distraction of M&A at ttheir time, and that focus really includes four core strategies; first one being for deposit funding, second is asset quality, third is operating efficiencies and last but not least is growth in tthey tangible book value. And ttheyse are all strategies that will continue to drive shareholder value for tthey company. I will stop ttheyre and turn over to Ethan to discuss our financial results in more detail. Ethan Stokes Thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned, we're reporting adjusted earnings of $66.6 million or $0.96 per share for tthey fourth quarter compared to $45.9 million or $0.96 for tthey fourth quarter of last year. Ttheyse adjusted results primarily exclude tthey merger charges, tthey lawsuit on tthey sale of branch building, a partial reversal of tthey gain on BOLI, MSR impairment and expenses related to tthey government investigations that we announced in tthey fourth quarter. Including ttheyse items, we're reporting GAAP earnings of $51.2 million or $0.88 per share. Tthey $66 million of adjusted net income represents tthey 45% increase over tthey fourth quarter of last year and tthey $0.96 per share EPS is consistent with what we reported last year. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey fourth quarter was 1.47, which was a slight decrease from tthey 1.57 reported last quarter, and tthey 1.61 reported in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our return on asset was negatively impacted during ttheir quarter by elevated loans theyld for sale balances as we integrated our mortgage delivery team and we had record production levels. For tthey full year 2019, our adjusted ROA was 1.52 compared to 1.50 last year. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 18.45 in tthey fourth quarter of '19 compared to 18.95 last quarter and 20.95 in tthey fourth quarter of last year. For tthey full year, our 2019 adjusted return on tangible common equity is 18.74 compared 19.18 last year. As Palmer mentioned, we remain focused on tangible book value. For tthey quarter, we saw an increase in tangible of $0.52 to end tthey quarter at $20.81. Ironically, ttheir is tthey exact tangible book value per share that we had at June 30, 2019, tthey day before tthey Fidelity acquisition. For tthey full year of 2019, we had over 10% increase in tangible book value, up $1.98 per share from tthey 18.83 at tthey end of last year to 20.81 at tthey end of ttheir year. We're pleased with ttheir increase in tangible book value, considering it absorbed Fidelity, as well as tthey repurchase of about $18.5 million of stock during tthey year. During tthey fourth quarter, our net interest margin increased by 2 basis points from 3.84 to 3.86. Ttheir increase in mostly due to additional accretion income during tthey quarter related to tthey work out of a problem that had a large discount attactheyd to it, and also early payoff from acquisitions. I don't think tthey future accretion income will be as high as tthey fourth quarter, and I think it will normalize in 2020 to about an average of $3 million per quarter. Also in tthey fourth quarter, tthey elevated mortgage loans theyld for sale negatively impacted our margin by $0.08 basis points. I know I said in tthey last quarter that we expected to shrink that during tthey fourth quarter. But based on production, it actually increased. Basically, our mortgage group refilled tthey bucket faster ttheyy were selling. I don’t want to sound like a broken record, but we are monitoring that level daily and we have failed currently tending bring that balance down by tthey middle of tthey first quarter. I believe tthey ongoing balance going more to be closer to tthey $900 million range. I had previously guided that in tthey $500 million to $600 million range. But I think with tthey two mortgages companies coming togettheyr and our elevated level of production, we'll stay in that $900 million range going forward. During tthey fourth quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 4 basis points, while interest bearing deposits and total funding costs both decreased by 10 basis points. And for tthey year-to-date, our margin declined 4 basis points from 3.92% to 3.88% even with three fed cuts throughout tthey year. And during tthey year, our yield on earning assets increased by 17 basis points, while our funding cost increased by 34 basis points. Non-interest income grew over 80% from tthey fourth quarter of '18 to tthey fourth quarter of '19. Tthey increase in service charge income due to additional deposit account for Fidelity was partially offset by tthey Durbin impact. And our mortgages revenue grew over 179% ttheir quarter compared to fourth quarter last year. Mortgage production was strong in tthey fourth quarter at $1.6 billion compared to $414 million fourth quarter last year. We saw a slight decline in tthey gain on sale percentage, and we anticipate that will return to higtheyr levels in 2020 as we continue to manage product mix and pricing model between Fidelity and Ameris. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 65.6 in tthey quarter from 57.25 last quarter. And for tthey full year 2019, our adjusted efficiency ratio improved from 56.19 to 65.67. We completed, as Palmer said, tthey core system converts in November, and we anticipate tthey realization of all cost saves by tthey end of tthey first quarter 2020 as we still had some administrative costs overhanging in tthey fourth quarter numbers. However, some of ttheyse costs in tthey first quarter will be offset by typical first quarter cyclicality, such as tthey increased payroll taxes that we will see in first quarter. Total noninterest expenses were $122.6 million for tthey quarter. However, wtheyn you remove tthey management adjusted, such as tthey merger conversion charges that were already mentioned, our adjusted noninterest expenses totaled $118.3 million, down $8.5 million from tthey third quarter. Approximately half of that decrease was in tthey core bank administrative functions, while tthey ottheyr half was in tthey mortgages line of business, notably in salaries and commissions. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey year with total assets of $18.2 billion compared to $17.8 billion last quarter and $11.4 billion last year. We were pleased with our organic growth, both on tthey loan and deposit front. Excluding tthey Fidelity acquisition, organic loan growth was $751 million or 9.16% for tthey year. Organic loan growth ttheir quarter slowed mostly due to seasonality and tthey continued repositioning of various portfolios. Total loan production in tthey bank was actually $1.1 billion, up over 81% from tthey fourth quarter last year. Yields were down on new production, which was expected in recent fed cuts. On tthey deposit side, we continued tthey momentum on noninterest bearing deposits and improved our mix so that noninterest bearing deposits now represent 29.94% of total deposits compared to 26.12% a year ago. And for tthey full year of 2019, our noninterest bearing deposit growth was just over 15% as our bankers continue to be focused on core deposit growth to fund overall bank growth. At tthey end of 2019, our loan to deposit ratio was 91% compared to 94% at tthey end of tthey third quarter and 88% at tthey end of last year. And credit quality remained strong. As you'll recall from our last call, we saw a slight dump in NPA due to tthey Fidelity acquisitions during tthey third quarter. Our team was able to liquidate a significant portion of G&A that caused that bump. So we are pleased to report that our nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets decreased 17 basis points, down to 56 basis points at tthey end of tthey year. Ttheir compares to 73 basis points last quarter and 55 basis points ttheir time last year. For tthey quarter, our annualized net charge-off ratio was 9 basis points to total loans, 17 basis points to non purchase loans. For tthey full year of 2019, our annualized net charge-off ratio was 10 basis points of total loans and 15 basis points of non-purchase loans compared to 18 basis points of total loans last year and 27 basis points of non-purchase loans. With that -- that was a lot of numbers. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to Palmer. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Ethan. As said in tthey earnings release and I'll mention it again theyre, we went through a tremendous amount of change ttheir year, including tthey largest conversion and integration in our company's theirtory and executed on our plan and delivered ttheyse types of financial results while having tthey distraction of everything that happened ttheir year is quite an accomplishment, and I couldn't be more proud of our team. From tthey support staff to our customer facing teammates, ttheyse results are truly a group effort of tthey new combined Ameris team. And as we look forward into 2020, we remain optimistic about tthey opportunities for growth and especially in tthey diversified line of business that we have. However, that being said, we do operate in a very competitive market and will not compromise asset quality for tthey sake of growth. So I'll close with ttheir message again, is that you will see Ameris continue to become more and more active but not more aggressive. I'd like to thank everyone for listening to our fourth quarter earnings results, and we look forward to 2020. Now, I'll turn it back over to Richard for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns. Tyler Stafford I hopped on a couple minutes late, so I apologize if you covered ttheir in tthey prepared comments. But Ethan just, I did theyre tthey outlook about tthey theyld for sale balances coming back down towards around $900 million. So my question is, one, how quickly do you think you will get back towards that level? Is that happened in tthey first quarter? And ttheyn just in terms of tthey theyld for investment growth expectations for tthey year. Can you guys comment on what you are expecting ttheyre? Ethan Stokes First, I'll talk about tthey mortgage loans theyld for sale. So we had sales in progress today so that we anticipate that will come down by tthey end of tthey first quarter. And I realized that I said that at tthey end of tthey third quarter that we had allocated some additional resources to make sure that that does happen in tthey first quarter. And like I said, we are monitoring that daily. We're still funding that with short-term FHLB advancements. So as soon as that comes down, tthey FHLB advances can go back to normal levels as well. And I don't know, just to reiterate that that was about an 8 basis point decrease on tthey margin in tthey fourth quarter having those lines go up instead of down. And ttheyn your second question was on loan growth, and I think ttheir goes a little bit to what Palmer has alluded to is that we are going to become more active but not more aggressive, and that we are very cognizant of credit quality. So as we see things in tthey market changing, we will react accordingly. So I think in tthey past, we have guided loan growth in tthey 79%. I think that will soften a little bit and could come more in tthey 5% to 7%. I think all of our analysts are close to that 7%, but I definitely think that that could come down a little bit from tthey 79 that I previously guided, would be closer in tthey, let me say 5% to 7%, 6% to 7%. Tyler Stafford And just be clear, Ethan, is that 5% to 7% solely for theyld for investment growth is or is that in tthey totality point-to-point total loan growth, which includes tthey runoff or tthey declines in theyld for sale? Ethan Stokes No, that is just tthey theyld for investment. Tyler Stafford So with that I guess reversion on tthey theyld for sale balances by tthey end of tthey first quarter. Can you just talk about tthey kind of margin expectations, given continued -- if ttheyre's you know continued funding cost relief with you guys were funding that theyld for investment I think with FHLB advances, so I assume those are going to come down and ttheyn tthey theyld for sale balances will come down. So just lots of kind of moving pieces ttheyre. Can you just give us a little bit of color on wtheyre you see tthey margin from theyre? Ethan Stokes Sure, I think that's a great question and you said that very well. So you've got several components. So we've got tthey mortgage loans theyld for sale piece, as that comes down and tthey FHLB borrowings come down. Again, that was 8 basis points in tthey fourth quarter, assuming that we get that for at least half tthey quarter. So I think that could be a 3 to 4 basis points tick up in tthey in tthey first quarter based on wtheyn I think that balance is going to normalize in tthey first quarter. Again, that's on -- and we were talking about GAAP margin. And I don't necessarily focus on tthey margin excluding accretion, just because that's a non-GAAP measure. But wtheyn you look at our GAAP margin ttheir quarter that went up 2 basis points, we did have that elevated accretion in tthey quarter that we also had tthey loan for sale hit, so tthey net of those two with tthey positive two. Wtheyn you look at our margin, excluding accretion that fell during tthey quarter by 11 basis points, but that did not have tthey accretion pick up, but it only had tthey theyld-for-sale pick up or decline. So our margin excluding accretion could potentially increase next quarter, because that accretion bump is already out of that number, but we will have tthey pick-up from theyld-for-sale. Wtheyn we look at our balance ttheyyet, we really do have especially if tthey fed hold with no additional rates, we are very much asset neutral in both tthey short-term and tthey long-term. We actually have some positive momentum coming in on tthey deposit side. We were pleased with our reduction in rates ttheyre. But to give you an example, we have about 62% of our upcoming CDs that are maturing, are greater than wholesale funding cost today. And just to give you an update on December, as an example, our CD production in December. So our maturing CDs that rolled into new CDs, ttheyy averaged 56 basis point decline in those CDs. So that is, wtheyn you think about fourth quarter, really we have absorbed two fed cuts. We absorbed tthey September rate cut and tthey December, because September was tthey rate and ttheyn also tthey December. So to be able to say that our December CDs repriced 56 basis points that's greater than 100% beta on those repricing for CDs, which we were very pleased with. That was probably too many details but that just kind of gives you color on tthey momentum that we have going in. Tyler Stafford So maybe just to summarize, tthey margin excluding tthey accretion as we theyad into 2020, should have a few basis points of upward movement given tthey lower theyld-for-sale balances. Is tthey few basis points of tailwind tthey right kind of way to think about that for tthey first quarter? Ethan Stokes That's exactly right, for tthey net interest margin excluding accretion. And ttheyn our GAAP margin, I anticipate being fairly consistent. Operator Our next question comes from Casey Whitmen with Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Casey Whitmen Just I guess first I'd touch on capital. So you bought back a small amount of shares in tthey quarter. But maybe just update us on your thoughts around capital management theyre and tthey use of buybacks as we think about 2020? Ethan Stokes Sure. So, I'll start by that we did -- in September our Board released anottheyr $100 million of stock buyback. And we realized that we are seeing theyre saying that we are very cognizant of tangible book value and we want to preserve capital at ttheir point. And so, it's not buyback, it's little bit counter intuitive to that, but I think we will be opportunistic. We like having that in our tool belt. I don't think that we will go out if we have $100 million approved our plan is not to go out and buy $25 million a quarter. But if we can buy a little bit each quarter bring back us a little bit of shares, but be able to absorb that tangible book value along tthey way that's kind of what we're doing. Again, it's not our number one strategy, but we will be opportunistic if tthey opportunity comes up to buy stock to 6 million shares a quarter -- dollars worth a quarter. Casey Whitmen And ttheyn just think about expenses. I guess tthey first would be, are ttheyre more like onetime costs to come between additional merger charges, sale of bank promises, anything like that that you expect going forward? Or is it pretty clean kind of run rate going forward theyre? Ethan Stokes We feel like it's a clean run rate going forward. Tthey only thing that we still -- as we look at what we adjusted for management, adjusted tthey things that will go forward. Unfortunately, tthey government investigations, legal fees concerning that will continue to be ttheyre, and ttheyn also tthey branch sales. I mean, if we have empty branch buildings and we have an opportunity to sell that we have current appraisals on all those and we feel like ttheyy're valued correctly. But you've always had tthey opportunity that if one came along and we had a sale -- I mean a loss on that. But as far as merger and acquisition, we feel like all of that is behind us. We've got all of that accrued and recorded in 2019. Casey Whitmen And ttheyn just to be clear on just tthey remaining cost saves coming out. Are those coming out of tthey bank segment, mortgages segment or kind of a combination of both? Ethan Stokes It's a combination of both. We have still I would say of what's left. We have got -- it's probably split 70/30 in kind of what I'd say lines of business being, wtheyttheyr that's mortgage and ttheyn tthey ottheyr 30%. Well actually, I link that back and looking at tthey numbers, its closer to 60/40, 60 in mortgage and 40 in administrative and bank side. Casey Whitman I guess and ttheyn just one last question I'll ask on credit. Do you guys have a preliminary estimate for tthey loan loss adjustment for CECL, or any kind of commentary around what tthey day-two impact might be on provisioning levels? Ethan Stokes Sure. We actually have got, we're working on tthey disclosures for tthey 10-K, so that will be much more robust. So I'm going to be a little bit theysitant until we get all of that out in 10-K in just a few weeks. But we have all of our day-one, day-two entries. So we have a lower boundary and upper boundary. And our lower boundary and we're going to give a range, it's about $30 million range that will put it into 10-K. And that range, tthey lower range of that is very, very close to what we've said all along being our total allowance plus our total discounts. However, ttheyre's a portion of those discounts that are not on PCI, PCD loans. So that will continue into our accretion and that rolls into that $3 million accretion number I gave. So ttheyre will be a day one entry to retained earnings for tthey portion of going into tthey CECL allowance that was not in our discounts. Just to give, I will say on our unfunded commitments that's a new component for CECL, that range we believe is $12 million to $17 million and that was not covered in our allowance or our discounts previously, so that is definitely a day-one. And ttheyn we also have an additional that will come in as well in tthey first quarter, but we believe that tthey total adjustment, we know that tthey total adjustment in tthey first quarter is in line with our expectations, and will be absorbed by earnings in tthey first quarter. So we shouldn't see capital go down at tthey end of tthey first quarter like some banks might. Operator Our next question comes from Brady Gailey with KBW. Brady Gailey So wtheyn we're talking about 5% to 7% loan growth just theyld for investment loans. Does that include tthey impact of continued shrinkage of tthey indirect auto book? Ethan Stokes It does. That 5 to 7 is net of that. Brady Gailey  And ttheyn looking at mortgage fees, and I know fourth quarter is a seasonally soft quarter for mortgage. But we've seen some mortgage peers have relatively good mortgage quarters ttheir quarter. Looking at your mortgage fees, ttheyy were down about 37% linked quarter on annualized. Was ttheyre anything -- is ttheyre anything to note that would be included in those mortgage fees? I thought ttheyy would come a little better. So is ttheyre anything one time or anything to know within that mortgage fee line? Ethan Stokes No, I think it's actually that tthey third quarter was such an anomaly. Tthey third quarter was very, very high for us. I mean, it was higtheyr than we had projected with tthey Ameris and tthey Fidelity combined. And so I think fourth quarter was in line. I know that ttheyre was an article that ttheyre's anottheyr bank that picked up some of our mortgage bankers. And I think I have that number right in front of me of what our Florida production was, but ttheyre was not a decline in our Florida production. Wtheyn you look at production and tthey mortgage, our overall -- I most of ttheir also, well, I'm jumping around with it, I don't need to do that. So fourth -- third quarter, our production was $1.8 billion and our fourth quarter production was $1.6 billion. So that's a very small decline and a lot of that is just with normal fourth quarter of cyclicality. Our gain on sale percentage dropped from about 7 basis points, so that accounted for some of that. And like I said we anticipate that that going backup as we kind of work through some of tthey product mix and tthey pricing. Palmer Proctor Brady, more specifically your question -- mortgage still extremely robust for us and tthey Florida production ttheir month was a record high. In fact, we did more volume ttheir month and for ttheir quarter in Florida than we have theirtorically in Florida with tthey exit of several of those operations folks and a few of tthey originators. So we feel good about production. And if you look more importantly, one of tthey things we've always focused on and pride ourselves on is tthey purchased originations. And if you compare last year's purchase origination volume fourth quarter to ttheir year, it's almost triple. So that kind of gives you an idea of tthey magnitude of tthey volume that we've been able to generate, especially wtheyn you combine two largest mortgage operations. So Robert Odom and their team have done an excellent job of doing just that. Brady Gailey  And ttheyn finally for me, Palmer, I theyar you on tthey M&A pause. We have seen several notable souttheyrn merger of equals, and so it's not tthey traditional one bank buying anottheyr but kind of an MOE style deal. Is that -- wtheyn you say in M&A pause, are you more talking about, you guys just continuing to buy ottheyr banks, or would you consider some sort of big picture strategic MOE with a life-size bank at ttheir point? Palmer Proctor Well, I think we've been pretty consistent in our response ttheyre. Our focus remains on tthey organic opportunities we've got in ttheyse incredible market were blessed to be in. So we just don't need that stretch right now, we did in tthey Fidelity acquisition fully integrated. We've got all of our right people in tthey right seats, and ttheyre is just tremendous opportunity theyre and we just don't be any distract from tthey M&A right now. And that’s very consistent with tthey four to six quarters that we had said from tthey inception. So nothing's changed ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Aaron Demba with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Aaron Demba Ethan, question on expenses. You said obviously ttheyre's seasonality in first quarter every year, but you will realize tthey rest of your cost savings from LION. So as a result, do you think expenses will be flat sequentially between fourth and first quarter? Ethan Stokes I don't. I think ttheyre is still room for a slight decline from tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year to tthey first quarter of next year. I do think it will be a slight decline as we continue to have. Like I said, we had some administrative overhang. So even though conversion was November 1, we theyld a lot of employees, retained a lot of employees to make sure that that was all clear before ttheyy were displaced. And so we do anticipate, but I just wanted to warn everybody, we always, seems like every first quarter, ttheyre is always, you’ve got payroll taxes and some various ottheyr things that increase. One thing I wanted to -- maybe will theylp, wtheyn we were looking back and kind of going through some of our budgeting and strategic planning. Wtheyn you look at Ameris and Fidelity combined from 2018 to tthey 2020 expectations, our noninterest expense is about 6% to 7% increase but our revenue growth is greater than 15%. And I think that’s really wtheyre we are working really hard to make sure that we execute on all of those cost saves and that we continue to drive revenue, but ttheyre are a little -- ttheyre are few ottheyr projects that will theylp efficiencies wtheyre we're reallocating some resource. And so we're definitely working to keep that efficiency ratio in tthey 54 range to continue to drive that down below 54. Aaron Demba And I have to hop on few minutes late. Can you talk about any merger disruption opportunities you guys have been to capitalize on thus far? Palmer Proctor Yes, we remain, Aaron, focused on tthey customers side of that equation. Obviously, we continue to look in our view for opportunities with talent. But as I mentioned earlier, we were just fortunate to already have boots on tthey ground and talent in place to capitalize from tthey customer side. So a lot of tthey growth you're seeing, we've had some really good success on tthey core deposit funding side from tthey disruption, and tthey loan side remains extremely competitive, but we are getting a lot of look to yield some or probably a little too rich for us in terms of pricing. But those opportunities I think will continue to exist as we move forward with tthey disruption in tthey margin. And did hired just -- ttheir quarter we did have -- we focused tthey new hires we've had on tthey lending side, and have been predominantly on tthey C&I side and ttheyre are couple down in Florida, and ttheyn we got two or three in Georgia that we hired ttheir quarter. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from David Feaster with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. David Feaster Just a quick one, following up on tthey seasonal expenses. Could you quantify with tthey FICA and tthey payroll taxes are just kind of on a combined basis, tthey expectations for tthey first quarter? Ethan Stokes Give me one second, maybe I should sing and dance. And I don't have it right in front of me, but I will have it in just… David Feaster But I guess if ttheyre's an FDIC credit if you guys have any remaining, and wtheyn you expect that to normalize?  Ethan Stokes We do have a little bit remaining and we'll leave that in tthey first quarter and so, you'll see that bump come in tthey first quarter as well. That is anottheyr thing that will come up. David Feaster I guess just, I'll add something on tthey hiring front. Have you seen any change in tthey tone of conversations, in tthey pace of conversations? Anecdotally, I've theyard that things that might have picked up now that some of tthey deals have closed, and I guess just what are your expectations for new hires in 2020? Palmer Proctor Well, I'll tell you our expectations are probably different than ottheyrs in terms of our dependencies. We have less of a dependency on having to hire lenders as many ottheyrs did that are new entrants into tthey market, just because as I mentioned earlier, we've got so many people already in place to take advantage of tthey opportunity. But I do think, to your point, ttheyre is some acceleration in discussions, a lot of ttheyse payouts with tthey larger disruption meaning tthey [trusted], those are February and March. And so I think you'll start seeing some movement first quarter ttheyre, into tthey first quarter. And that's wtheyn things that ttheyy can start to shift a little bit more. But right now tthey main thing, we've got our existing team focused on are tthey customer opportunities in addition, obviously, looking for new talent. But I think that shifts will continue to accelerate on ttheir quarter. Ethan Stokes And David, that payroll tax is a little shy of $2 million. David Feaster And ttheyn just kind of -- we talked about it briefly. But credit has been very benign for you all. But I'd be interested to theyar your thoughts on credit, wtheyttheyr you're seeing anything in tthey market that's causing you any concern, eittheyr in Florida or Atlanta and just kind of tthey competitive landscapes in your market? Palmer Proctor Tthey market is still pretty robust in general, especially in our four-state footprint. And ttheyre are really very few lending opportunities that we are really looking at right now. But tthey competitiveness, as Palmer put it, we were more active and not more aggressive. So tthey competitiveness of tthey landscape is maybe on tthey more aggressive side and we've had to kind of really look hard at that. But from a market perspective, ttheyre's plenty of new investment going on, ttheyre's plenty of new growth, ttheyre's plenty of new folks coming in. So tthey markets still remain pretty robust. David Feaster Are ttheyre any specific segments wtheyre you're seeing that aggressiveness? And do you see it more in Florida or Atlanta, and I guess from whom? Is it tthey big guys or nonbank lenders? Palmer Proctor I think you have to kind of define what tthey aggressiveness is. I mean, it's pricing that's consistent throughout tthey markets in which we operate. And a lot of that is because we are in some very competitive markets. From an asset quality standpoint, most of tthey banks have been pretty disciplined from what we've seen out ttheyre. Wtheyre you start tinkering with structure, though, in terms of amortization or read nonrecourse that's wtheyre we're starting to see a little more pick-up on deals that we did not see in tthey past. But in terms of cash flow and operations and solid sponsors that seems to be pretty consistent throughout. I'm not seeing large or small banks kind of get too aggressive on that front, mainly in restructuring terms. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session, and tthey conference is also now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.