Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call April 23, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor Jr. - Chief Executive Officer Elijah Stokes - Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jon Edwards - Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Brady Gailey - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods George Demba - Truist Securities Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - FIG Partners Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank First Quarter Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Elijah Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Elijah Stokes Great. Thank you, Ralph. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO, and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I'm going to discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A. Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Palmer, for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Jr. Thank you, Elijah, and good morning to everyone who's joined our call today. It's hard to believe at ttheir time last year, we sat on ttheir call with a lot of uncertainty about tthey pandemic and tthey economy. But one thing I was certain about at that time was tthey ability of our team to survive really whatever tthey pandemic threw at us. And theyre we sit a year later and I'm proud to say not only did we survive, but we actually thrived.  We've said consistently that we are focused on tangible book value growth to grow shareholder value. On tthey past year, from March 2020 to March 2021, we increased our tangible book value by over 23.6%. We increased our TCE ratio by 4%, while assets grew over 17.5% and we increased our allowance for loan losses by over 19%.  In addition, we increased our diluted earnings per share 29% year-over-year from core operating results, and that's exclusive of provision noise. That's just pure core operating results. Ttheir type of success is due to tthey disciplined culture we've cultivated theyre at Ameris Bank.  And having said that, in my preview, I'm really excited to share with you a few highlights of tthey quarter and an update on our outlook for tthey future. For tthey quarter, we earned $115.7 million or $1.66 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up almost 200% from ttheir time last year. Ttheir represents a 2.26% return on average assets and a 27.66% return on tangible equity.  Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved from 59.87% reported first quarter last year to 54.62% ttheir quarter. Due to improved economic conditions, we did reverse $28.6 million provision for loan loss expense ttheir quarter, and we realized a recovery of $10.6 million of previous service asset impairment.  Exclusive of ttheyse positive events, our adjusted diluted EPS still exceeded expectations at $1.34 per share for tthey quarter. Elijah is going to get into more of tthey financial details in just a few minutes.  On tthey balance ttheyyet side of things, I was really pleased with our loan growth for tthey first quarter. Our annualized net loan growth was just over 3% after – and that's after tthey PPP and our indirect runoff theyadwinds. We still expect to see mid to upper single digit loan growth for tthey year as we look at our pipelines and opportunities within our markets. We continue to see strong deposit growth ttheir quarter and our non-interest bearing deposits are now over 38% of total deposits.  I already touctheyd on capital from a year-over-year perspective. Just for tthey quarter, we saw great growth in TCE and tangible book value. During tthey first quarter, we grew tangible book value by $1.58 per share or 6.7%, which is very strong. Our TCE ratio increased to 8.62%, which is getting very close to our 9% goal.  Our capital position remains strong, and it's going to continue to support our future growth and opportunistic transactions. And while we do have a share repurchase program in place, we didn't buy anything back in tthey first quarter. And we really don't anticipate executing on ttheir in tthey near future, but certainly like having tthey option to repurchase our shares if tthey right opportunity presents itself.  Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer, is with us today and they's certainly available to take any credit questions after our prepared remarks, but I did want to hit a few high points in terms of credit.  Our annualized net charge-off ratio decreased to 12 basis points of total loans compared to 70 basis points last quarter. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets improved to 40 basis points compared to 48 basis points last quarter. Loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey quarter were approximately 2% of total loans. And that's down from approximately 19% of total loans at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020.  As you know, we have no exposure to oil and gas. And we've included additional details on our hotel exposure in tthey loan slides in our investor presentation, as well as tthey diversification that you'll see across all our loan types in tthey loan portfolio. And our allowance coverage ratio, excluding unfunded commitments, was 1.29% net of our PPP loans in tthey corner.  Just a quick update on COVID and PPP. During tthey first quarter, we opened all of our retail branctheys and lobbies. Business and traffic, I might add, is really picking up, especially in tthey souttheyast. Vaccines are available to everyone over tthey age of 16 and ttheyy're easy to get. Most businesses that we're seeing are back open and we're even seeing new restaurants, for instance, coming in and taking over locations that were shuttered last year in tthey pandemic. So, things definitely seem incrementally moving back to business around tthey souttheyast. And we're just really fortunate to have a strong presence in many of ttheyse top growth markets.  As far as PPP, we received payments and forgiveness of approximately $638 million on PPP round 1 loans, leaving tthey outstanding balance of tthey 2020 rounds at $463 million. And we have tthey new round 3 outstanding balance at $329 million as of March 31, with about anottheyr $42 million funded so far ttheir month in April.  We anticipate opening tthey forgiveness portal for tthey new round 3 in tthey next few weeks. So far, we've received over 5,600 applications. Our average loan size request has been around $73,000 with tthey second request averaging around $103,000. And ttheyse participants are first time request, averaging around $21,000. So, ttheir is a much smaller, average balance than we saw in round one, but it's theylped increase tthey overall return.  And that's a great lead in into tthey last thing I wanted to touch on, and that's ESG. During tthey PPP process, Ameris had a specific outreach to our certain underserved communities, and it was a great success. And that's just one example how we've been working diligently on our ESG initiatives.  In March of 2020, we establittheyyd our first chief governance officer role, and ttheyn shortly ttheyreafter announced our first diversity officer, Karlene Gordon. We have a management level ESG committee and that meets regularly and we report to tthey board. And we're actually preparing our first corporate social responsibility report or CSR as ttheyy call it. And we hope to have that out in public in tthey near end of tthey second quarter, so we can share that with all our investors to show ttheym everything we're doing on that front.  But I'll stop ttheyre now and turn it over to Elijah to discuss our financial results.  Elijah Stokes  Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you stated, for tthey first quarter, we earned a record $125 million or $1.79 per diluted share. We reversed $28.6 million of provision for credit loss expense during tthey quarter due to those improving economic conditions. On an adjusted basis, we earned $115.7 million or $1.66 per diluted share wtheyn you exclude tthey recovery on tthey servicing asset impairment, tthey gain on BOLI and also tthey gain on sale of premise.  Because ttheyre's been so much volatility in tthey provision, I thought I'd mention some pre-tax pre-provision adjusted numbers, wtheyre we earned $122.6 million for tthey quarter compared to $89.4 million first quarter of last year, again, kind of taking out that provision noise. That represents a 37% increase year-over-year from true core operating performance. And that's a direct result of tthey culture of discipline and focus that we've been talking about since tthey Fidelity acquisition.  Our adjusted return on assets in tthey first quarter was 2.26%, which was an increase from tthey 2.04% reported last quarter and 87 basis points reported ttheir time last year. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 27.66% compared to 25.04% last quarter and 10.98% first quarter last year.  Those increases in ttheyse ratios are due to tthey reverse provision for credit loss expense described above. However, excluding tthey reversal of provision and tthey MSR recovery, our core ROA was still very robust at 1.83% for tthey quarter.  As Palmer mentioned, tangible book value, we've remained focused on. That increased by $1.58 or 6.7% for tthey quarter from $23.69 to $25.27. For tthey year over tthey year, we increased that by $4.83 or 23.6% from tthey $20.44 that it was ttheir time last year.  In addition, our tangible common equity ratio increased 15 basis points to 8.62 from 8.47 at tthey end of tthey year. Tthey PPP loans and approximately $2 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet negatively impacted ttheir ratio by 129 basis points. So, excluding tthey PPP loans and tthey excess cash from total assets, our TCE ratio would have been approximately 9.9 at quarter-end, which is well above our stated target of 9%. Having said that, you can see that we continue to be well capitalized and we feel comfortable with our capital and our dividend levels.  Moving on to margin. As expected, our net interest margin declined by 7 basis points from 3.64% to 3.57% during tthey quarter. Our yield on earning assets declined by 13 basis points, while our total funding costs decreased 6 basis points. But our total interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 9 basis points.  Tthey approximate $2 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet negatively affected our margin by 24 basis points. Those 24 basis points were offset by tthey increase in yield on loans, both theyld for sale and investment, including PPP accretion for that net decline of 13 basis points that I previously mentioned.  We continue to stay focused on our deposit costs, but tthey real drivers wtheyn improving margin going forward is putting that excess liquidity to work, which we anticipate occurring over tthey next three quarters. We've already mentioned that we reversed tthey $28.6 million of provision expense for tthey quarter due to improving tthey economy, particularly our economic forecasts related to unemployment and GDP and tthey CRE Index. We continue to carry qualitative factors on various segments of our portfolio to include commercial real estate, mortgage and hotels.  Our ending allowance for loan loss was $178.6 million compared to $199.4 million at tthey end of tthey year and $149.5 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter last year wtheyn tthey pandemic had just begun. Including tthey unfunded commitment reserve and allowance for ottheyr credit losses, our total allowance for credit losses was $200.2 million at quarter-end compared to $233.1 million at tthey end of year and $167.3 million at March of last year.  Non-interest income remained strong ttheir quarter due to tthey continued elevated production in tthey mortgage division. Kind of taking out tthey MSR noise of an impairment in prior quarters and tthey recovery ttheir quarter and ttheyn tthey non-recurring gain on BOLI that's also not a non-interest income, if you take out all that noise, non-interest income increased 39% from first quarter last year to first quarter ttheir year.  Mortgage production was right at $2.6 billion for tthey quarter compared to $2.8 billion last quarter, and tthey gain on sale decreased to 3.95% compared to 4.34% last quarter. Tthey open pipeline at tthey end of tthey quarter was 16% higtheyr than at tthey end of tthey year, finishing at $2.3 billion compared to an even $2 billion at year-end. While we do see production slowing later in tthey year, to kind of quote Palmer from last quarter, we really don't foresee a cliff dive ttheyre. But we do continue to monitor it.  Moving on to expenses, total non-interest expense continued to decline ttheir quarter from $151 million last quarter to $148.8 million, almost $149 million ttheir quarter. Last quarter, I guided that we would continue to prudently examine non-interest expense and anticipated minimal increases in tthey core bank. So, I was really pleased with our efforts theyre ttheir quarter and our determination to find ways to pay for new initiatives. As a result, expenses in tthey banking division declined $2.3 million during tthey quarter. And our efficiency ratio in that division improved by over 200 basis points. We continue to watch efficiency ratio by division very, very closely.  Overall, for tthey company, our adjusted efficiency ratio increased ttheir quarter to 54.62 from tthey 52.67 last quarter, but declined from tthey 59.87 reported ttheir time last year. I previously got it for tthey efficiency ratio to stabilize in tthey 53% to 55% range because we really don't anticipate tthey previous level of mortgage revenue and efficiency to be sustainable. So, we came in right in line with that guidance. However, we do continue to monitor tthey variable costs in tthey mortgage division. And we anticipate those reducing down as production declines in tthey second half of tthey year.  On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey quarter with assets of $21.4 billion compared to $20.4 billion at year-end. We were pleased with our organic loan growth of $118.9 million or 3.3% annualized for tthey quarter.  As you can see on slide 14 in our slide deck, we had about $294 million of theyadwind against significant growth in CRE, residential and our new C&I division. We believe tthey decline in C&D and warehouse lines could be cyclical, and we could see furttheyr growth over tthey remainder of tthey year, although we are watching those warehouse lines to determine if that's truly cyclical or that's tthey beginning of a trend.  We already discussed tthey excess liquidity that you can see in tthey ottheyr earning assets on tthey balance ttheyyet due to tthey tremendous deposit growth ttheir quarter. We grew deposits $918 million or 22% annualized. And over 71% of that deposit growth was in non-interest bearing deposits.  While we did have tthey expected seasonal runoff, we also had approximately $900 million in extra PPP funds and stimulus money come in. So, now tthey real question is, how fast can we put that liquidity to work. We continue to anticipate net loan growth net of PPP activity for tthey year in tthey mid-single digits, kind of that 5% to 7% range, which is about $1 billion of growth. So that $2 billion of excess liquidity, we've got $1 billion going into loans. And that leaves about $1 billion of excess cash to prepare for any deposit runoff that we might see from that PPP funds being deployed or tthey stimulus money being used and also as we begin to buy investments as rates become more appealing.  So, to wrap up, we're excited about tthey remainder of 2021. We're in some of tthey best markets in tthey souttheyast. Life is getting back to normal and businesses are starting to grow. We're protecting our margin as much as possible and we're ready to utilize ttheir excess liquidity to fund loan growth. Mortgage and fee income remain strong. And expense control is as always part of our company DNA.  I appreciate everyone's time today. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Ralph to open up tthey Q&A session. Thank you, Ralph.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Casey Whitman of Piper Sandler.  Casey Whitman Elijah, thanks for that loan growth guide you just gave. With regards to that, I think you guys may have sold off some more of tthey consumer loans ttheir quarter. Can you tell us how much that was? And should we expect you to maybe continue to sell some of that off, I guess, on top of tthey auto runoff? And I'm assuming that that is part of tthey 5% to 7% growth expectation you just gave? Elijah Stokes Correct. It is included in that. So, tthey only portfolio that we sold ttheir quarter, we had already moved to theyld for sale in tthey fourth quarter of last year. So, it did not come out of tthey theyld for sale – I'm sorry, out of tthey theyld for investment ttheir quarter. And we do not anticipate any ottheyr loan sale. So, that was tthey same loan sale that we talked about last quarter transferring into theyld for sale, and ttheyn it went out of theyld for sale ttheir quarter. Casey Whitman So, really, it's just tthey indirect auto runoff still happening.  Elijah Stokes That's right. And that has slowed. Our indirect runoff, if you think back closer to July of 2019 wtheyn we first acquired Fidelity, that was running off at about $139 million to $140 million a quarter. That had slowed to about $100 million a quarter and our portfolio ttheyre is down to less than $500 million. So, we do have that theyadwind slowing, and we are eventually going to get down to kind of just that little tail end of it. Casey Whitman Makes sense. And ttheyn maybe just kind of a housekeeping question on PPP for you guys. Tthey new $350 million or so in 2021 originations in tthey latest round, do you have tthey associated fees with tthey new originations? Elijah Stokes On tthey PPP round 3, we have $17 million of deferred fee, $17.4 million of deferred fees on round – well, we're going to call round 3. And ttheyn, on round 1 and 2, which is both of tthey 2020 rounds, some people call it 1A and 1B, we have about $8.5 million left ttheyre. So total deferred fees are just about $25 million to $26 million. Casey Whitman Next question comes from Brady Gailey of KBW. Brady Gailey Mortgage still remains very robust for y'all, which is great to see. And I keep thinking it's got to slow down at some point. But, yeah, it still feels like it's pretty robust. Any color just on what you're seeing within mortgage today? And any sort of idea of wtheyn you think mortgage could start to normalize lower?  Palmer Proctor Jr. It's Palmer. I will tell you that, as we've said all along, and Elijah mentioned theyr comment, with tthey way our mortgage shop is set up, ttheyre was never going to be a [indiscernible], which I think, based on Mortgage Bankers Association numbers, you would expect that we didn't see that nor did tthey industry see that. I can tell you that second quarter, in terms of our pipeline, now we've had a strong April. And things look positive ttheyre. Tthey second half of tthey year is hard to predict at ttheir point. But I think mortgage will continue to deliver into tthey second half. But one of tthey things we're probably most encouraged with as of recent, if you look at our current production, 74% now of our production was purchased business, which is really encouraging. We had so much refi business, all of us had as an industry. So it's nice to see that purchase coming back. And with tthey demand for housing and especially in all tthey growth markets we're in, I think tthey housing sector will continue to deliver for banks through tthey remainder of tthey year, albeit at a tempered pace as we move into tthey second half of 2021.  Brady Gailey Tthey next I just wanted to ask about tthey continued opportunity to take market share. We saw State sell to Cadence, now Cadence has sold to BancorpSouth. You even saw, it's much smaller deal that SouthCrest sold to Colony last night. Ttheyre just continues to be a lot of dislocation, especially in tthey Atlanta market. Can you just talk about tthey opportunity to continue to hire away and steal market share versus tthey opportunity to do something more transformational via some sort of M&A transaction.  Palmer Proctor Jr. I think wtheyn people think of transformational, ttheyy think of immediately a larger transaction. I think a transformational is something that takes place over time. And I think that's a more sustainable transformation. And that's kind of how we look at things.  But first and foremost, we focus on our organic growth internally and our ability to generate that growth, which I think we have delivered to tthey market. And I think what happens is wtheyn you have disruption, like we're seeing throughout tthey market, that's really music to our ears in terms of opportunity. And we now have people positioned in place. I couldn't be more excited about tthey potential we have for tthey commercial growth too, which we have been talking about and made some significant investment in. And that's beginning to deliver for us.  And I think we'll see that accelerate as we get into second half of tthey year, primarily due to two things. Number one is tthey disruption that you mentioned. And number two is tthey improving economy. And you put those things togettheyr across our footprint and it's pretty meaningful.  And ttheyn, on top of that, if you layer in opportunities, M&A opportunities, I think that can furttheyr supplement our efforts ttheyre. But disruption is good for us, primarily because we're positioned well to take advantage of it. And we'll continue to do that. And we'll do that in tthey form of organic growth and ttheyn certainly explore M&A opportunities ourselves.  Brady Gailey And ttheyn finally, for me, maybe just for Elijah, you mentioned that you have $2 billion of excess liquidity. Half of that will hopefully go into tthey loan book. That leaves you anottheyr billion to maybe put in tthey bond book. I know bond rates are up some, but ttheyy're still pretty low. What are your thoughts on kind of wtheyn you pull tthey trigger to deploy that cash into tthey bond book? Is it now or do you wait for rates to go up a little more? Elijah Stokes Brady, we would like to wait a little bit longer. We would like rates to go up a little bit more. And theyre's my logic ttheyre. While we do have $1 billion – again, tthey $2 billion minus $1 billion of loan growth and we've got about $1 billion left of what we're going to do with that. We do anticipate some deposit runoff as things start to get back to normal, as people start using that money. So, we do anticipate some of that and we are starting to look at some purchases and some ottheyr investments.  Tthey piece that we're holding back on is, right now, with tthey yields that you can get at that duration, wtheyn rates do go up, we would be sitting – we feel like we would be sitting in an unrealized loss position on those purchases. And that's going to come through OCI and that's going to be a negative to tangible book value, eventually.  And so, for tthey little incremental that we could get today on a bond purchase versus that longer term outlook on tthey effect that it could have on tangible book, we've said repeatedly that we're focused on tangible book value growth. So, I don't want to make a short-term decision today for a very small increase in my margin.  If ttheyre's ottheyr things that we can do, we've continued to grow net interest income, NII dollars. So, we feel like as well with tthey mortgage portfolio, as we continue to have that and have that mortgage loans theyld for sale, you'll see that bubbled up a little bit more ttheir quarter. We did that on purpose to kind of let that grow a little bit because we can get a much better yield ttheyre than what we could get in tthey bond portfolio. So, as rates come down and we start, maybe tthey mortgage loans theyld for sale come down at that same time rates are going up.  So, tthey short answer is that we probably need anottheyr 25 to 50 basis points from what we could get today would be our preferred, but we may start buying a little bit atheyad of that. Operator Next question comes from George Demba of Truist.  George Demba Could you give us an update on your C&I lending efforts, Palmer, and how that's going versus your internal budget and what opportunities you see in tthey future, if ttheyre are more hiring opportunities or you're happy with tthey team you have now. Palmer Proctor Jr. George, I'm sorry, I missed tthey first part of your question. It was kind of muffled. Can you repeat it for me, please? George Demba Sure. I'm sorry. Could you give us an update on your C&I lending progress today and how that has panned out versus plan? And if you plan on making any more hires in that area?  Palmer Proctor Jr. Wtheyn you look at C&I, as I mentioned, that's probably wtheyre I'm really encouraged. Our pipeline right now is at an all-time high as we sit theyre today, and I know lung growth is key to everybody's future success going forward. And I'm pleased to say that we are at an all-time high on our pipeline. We are certainly seeing a lot of activity in several different sectors.  In terms of hiring, we did hire anottheyr three C&I lenders ttheir quarter and those continue to be opportunistic for us throughout tthey footprint. We've got a couple opportunities in Atlanta now. And ttheyn we also have anottheyr hire down in tthey Jacksonville market, and two in tthey Steptheyninas ttheir past quarter. So, we really feel good about that, and tthey momentum that we're building ttheyre, and I think we'll start seeing a lot more. Keep in mind too, as we've touctheyd on it, it's a slower growth model with tthey C&I initiative, but it's more meaningful in terms of relationships versus transactions. At tthey same time, we certainly have a robust pipeline of CRE initiatives. So, we're just fortunate that we're seeing all ttheir activity and it's picking up considerably throughout tthey souttheyast and we're going to take advantage of that. Operator Next question comes from Brody Preston of Steptheyns. Brody Preston Elijah, just a quick question, do you have tthey average PPP loan balances by any chance? Elijah Stokes I do. Our average balances for round 1 and 2 for tthey first quarter was $618.6 million. And wtheyn I say 1 and 2, that's kind of tthey 2020 1A, 1B. And ttheyn PPP round 3 was $146 million average. So, our total average was $765 million. Brody Preston I wanted to ask ttheyn, so wtheyn I back that out, right, you get to, like, call it like a 4.35% core loan yield wtheyn you back out PPP. And so, I wanted to ask just tthey new production yields, I think, have come down about 20 basis points or so since tthey third quarter of last year and now about 3.80%, at least from tthey banking division. And so, I wanted to ask, like, wtheyre do you see that core loan yield kind of trending as we theyad forward for tthey rest of tthey year, just given that dynamic? Palmer Proctor Jr. Ttheyre's a couple things ttheyre. Our loan production yield – our new production did kind of come down ttheir quarter. But a lot of that, wtheyn you think about it, is because of tthey pipeline. And so, tthey pipeline that was already ttheyre funded in tthey first quarter. So, what we're seeing kind of coming in tthey pipeline now is more stable, and maybe even a little bump up. Now, we're starting to see some competitive pressure on those yields coming in. We've had a couple people in our markets and ottheyr players that have kind of been out and ttheyy're starting to come back in. So, we're starting to see some competitive pressure that's offsetting wtheyre we really think some of tthey yields would have – those production yields would have gone up. So, kind of having those stabilized going forward.  So, on tthey on tthey loan portfolio, just straight loan portfolio, taking out kind of tthey PPP, we could anticipate potentially 4 basis points. I shouldn't be that exact. I should say 3 to 5 basis points of compression from tthey loan portfolio. But we also feel like we have 2 to 4 basis points of additional deposit cost savings. So, those almost offset. Brody Preston I guess ex PPP, you're looking for tthey core margin to be flat to down slightly from theyre. Palmer Proctor Jr. That's right. Ex PPP, probably one more quarter at least of some compression. With PPP, we're saying kind of that same 5 to 7 basis points, kind of mid to high single digits.  I'll say ttheyre's two wildcards ttheyre, really, Brody. One is that use of excess liquidity and how quickly loan growth comes in in tthey second quarter. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr wildcard is PPP and how quickly that pays off. Brody Preston Just on tthey growth that you have ttheir quarter, commercial growth wtheyn you kind of add up tthey commercial categories, ex tthey business lines, was solid. But tthey bulk of that was obviously carried by CRE. And wtheyn I sort of look at tthey breakdown, it's office, it's retail, and particularly office specifically grew by about 20% in tthey linked quarter. And so, I just wanted to ask wtheyre is ttheir growth sort of coming from from a geographic perspective? And sort of what gives you comfort originating ttheyse loans, just given all tthey work from home fears? And ttheyn, if you could provide some detail as to what tthey office exposure looks like? Is it like single tenant lawyers or is it bigger office building, just give us a sense ttheyre. Jon Edwards Okay, that's fine. So, tthey geographic dispersion is still very good. And if you think through some of tthey hires that we have been able to bring in over tthey last year in Tampa and Jacksonville and Matttheyw and been around, and so we've been able to get business – new business in those marketplaces. So, it's been pretty a well diverse market.  So tthey types of loans, ttheyre have been from really MLB, medical office buildings to larger offices, really. We really have tried to stick to essential businesses, a suburban mid-rises. Ttheyre's occasionally an okay product. But if we can stick to a long-term lease with a group of businesses that have been ttheyre for quite a while and have an essential function in that market, ttheyn we feel better about it. And that's kind of how we've tried to stick to tthey underwriting on those.  Brody Preston Could you provide some thoughts around tthey growth outlook for some of your business line portfolios, particularly Premium Finance?  Palmer Proctor Jr. I think Premium Finance, what you'll find is, it's been very consistent. I think it will continue to be a steady provider for us. So, that asset class, we feel very comfortable with in terms of our ability to continue to generate sustainable revenue ttheyre. Tthey one that oftentimes won't reflect a lot of growth, but reflects a lot of productivity is tthey residential construction lending group. And because, as you well know, our inventory has been so low and how quickly things are turning, ttheyre's been tremendous income generated out of that division, but tthey growth won't be ttheyre. And that's a sign of just an overly theyalthy market right now, housing market. So, we continue to see that as a real plus.  Elijah mentioned tthey flexibility we've got with tthey mortgage portfolio and tthey theyld for sale and our ability to utilize that to our advantage. Tthey C&I growth will continue. And as I mentioned, that's wtheyre a lot of our focus is. It does take longer, but we're encouraged by what we're seeing ttheyre. And a lot of that is due to some of tthey new hires that we brought onboard over tthey last 12 months. And we're fortunate to be in all of our markets – growth markets for tthey most part. So, tthey CRE that Jon touctheyd on will still be a very viable product for us as well.  SBA is one that we want to ramp up. I think ttheyre are going to be some additional very meaningful programs coming out of SBA and we want to make sure we get our fair share of that. We've not had tthey growth ttheyre that [indiscernible], but I think you'll see a continued focus on that, which ought to be meaningful as well as we go forward in terms of generating some good non-interest income. I think that pretty much breaks down all of our asset classes.  Brody Preston Elijah, what was tthey dollar amount of tthey seasonal increases for expenses for both tthey core bank and tthey business lines? And does that come out of tthey run rate in tthey second quarter?  Elijah Stokes What we had in tthey mortgage, we had about $1.3 million of payroll taxes that hit in tthey first quarter that will taper off as tthey year goes by. And ttheyn in tthey core bank, we had about $1.8 million to $2 million of those payroll taxes.  Brody Preston I just have one last one. I appreciate you taking all my questions. Palmer, just want to follow-up on tthey M&A. So, tthey bigger deals that we've seen, tthey buyers have lagged and I think tthey MOE types with higtheyr execution risk. So, I just wanted to ask you, have your thoughts changed as you're seeing all ttheyse deals kind of hit tthey tape? Are you thinking along tthey same lines kind of that smaller $2.5 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion kind of deal bolt-on that would maybe enhance Ameris a little bit? And if you could just provide some thoughts on tthey type of bank that you'd be looking to acquire in tthey current environment, I'd appreciate it.  Palmer Proctor Jr. And I think we've been pretty consistent on ttheir. We've kind of said our sweet spot is really between $3 billion and $10 billion. I will tell you, having said that, regardless of wtheyttheyr it's a $10 billion bank or a $3 billion bank, we're not going to do anything that would take on excessive execution risk, nor anything that wouldn't be accretive to our organization. Now, we are very strategic in tthey way we look at M&A. And so, as I've said before, it theylps us garner additional market share in some meaningful markets or if we need it or if it provides and theylps furttheyr a line of business that we're interested in growing, those are certainly some opportunities for us for banks that are within that space. Ttheyre are probably some ottheyr non-bank opportunities that may be out ttheyre as well. So, we're going to remain consistent in our approach ttheyre in terms of making sure whatever we do is strategic and that it fits into our overall plan. And I do think ttheyre will be some meaningful opportunities out ttheyre, but it's going to have to be tthey right one. It's going to need to be a cultural fit, and it's going to need to – it's going to need to be able to furttheyr our strategic initiatives. Operator Our next question comes from David Feaster of Raymond James. David Feaster I just wanted to start on loan production and kind of what you're seeing ttheyre. Obviously, it's a bit slower than we had in tthey fourth quarter. Still trending below pre-pandemic levels, but it's extremely encouraging to theyar about tthey pipeline, especially tthey C&I pipeline. I'm just curious how much of tthey slower production was a distraction from PPP and just wtheyttheyr you'd expect that to reaccelerate back north of fourth quarter levels or even closer to pre-pandemic levels, kind of north of $900 million. Jon Edwards I think tthey opportunity is for all banks out ttheyre right now. First quarter is typically seasonally a slower quarter to begin with. So, we need to be mindful of that. And ttheyn second, you parlay on top of that, tthey whole issue with tthey pandemic and PPP, I would like to say that we were a 100% strength of our PPP, that is not tthey case. We had several people that were obviously wearing two hats and theylped ttheym out with PPP in addition to ttheyir day jobs and everybody pitctheyd in to get that done. And it was a meaningful effort. And I commend tthey industry for stepping up and making it all happen.  But that being said, what we've been able to do is kind of take advantage of ttheir pandemic time to bring in new talent and also to build up tthey commercial opportunities. So, we've been out actively calling, I think, than a lot of people who have been focused more inwardly. We were out calling. And I think what we're starting to see is those pipelines that have been built, that doesn't happen overnight. It takes, as you well know, 60 to 90 days to kind of get things going. And we're now in that 60 to 90-day period. So, that's tthey benefit and tthey lift list we're seeing in tthey pipeline.  And ttheyn, you compound that with what we all hope is going to be an improvement in economy between now and tthey end of tthey year. I think you'll see accelerated growth as we get into tthey second half of 2021. We'll probably preempt that a little bit in second quarter, just given our current pipeline. And we're probably about a quarter atheyad of most. But I think for everybody, second half of tthey year looks pretty opportunistic for all of us. David Feaster I guess just wtheyre are we at kind of in tthey migration of tthey new PPP clients that you – just wtheyre are we at in bringing those over? And ttheyn, just how much of your pipeline you think is – ttheir growth is from eittheyr new clients coming over versus improved sentiment and improved demand and existing clients being ready to invest? Palmer Proctor Jr. Well, like most banks, we did a lot of outreach that touctheyd on with ttheir round 3, but tthey majority of most banks' production, ours included, about 80% of it remains with existing customers. Tthey ottheyr 20% was new customers. And some of ttheym meaningful customers. Ttheyy're all meaningful. Any customer is. But I think in terms of moving tthey needle, I have not witnessed tthey huge lifts that I've theyard ottheyrs talk about. I don't know if I've seen it, and ottheyrs eittheyr, in terms of a huge in migration of new customers as a result of PPP. We certainly have garnered new customers and value those customers, but it has not been – I wouldn't hang our hat on tthey growth coming from that, that 20%. So, what we're doing is taking care of tthey PPP customers, embracing tthey new ones that came in, but more importantly, going out and hunting for new customers. And I think that's tthey opportunity that exists for our bank right now with all tthey disruption in our markets. So, I would tell you that we remain pretty much focused, tthey way we've always been in terms of our outreach of maintaining and retaining existing customers, but more importantly, going out and trying to identify new opportunities. David Feaster Just curious, I wanted to touch on asset quality. And just maybe if you could give us some detail on what drove that increase in criticized balances and ttheyn just how you think about tthey reserve going forward. It sounds like ttheyre's still a decent amount of qualitative factors ttheyre. I guess, would you expect to kind of maintain tthey reserve ratio theyre, exclusively PPP? Or do you see opportunity for maybe some additional reserve releases or you can just grow it into tthey reserve? Jon Edwards Let me take that in reverse. So, tthey reserve being built off of tthey – primarily on tthey forecast models, as those continue to improve and businesses get back to work, I think we certainly are under pressure for release. We really don't want to do that, and so we are looking at opportunities that are within tthey CECL framework to hold on to tthey reserves, but forecast models generally kind of drive tthey day on a lot of that.  Tthey first part, tell me again tthey first part of tthey question. David Feaster Just asset quality and trends you're seeing and ttheyn what drove tthey increase in criticized? Jon Edwards Tthey criticized increase in tthey first quarter was really just two relationships, both of which were really single loans. One was an ALF, one was a hotel, and ttheyy were both still impacted by COVID restrictions [indiscernible]. And so, ttheyre's not anything that was systemic by any stretch. It was just kind of extraordinary to those two properties.  And I will say, as we look out, most all of tthey deferrals we did on hotels, were through tthey middle of ttheir year, which is coming up on us very quickly. So, I think we've got, as we approach that and we kind of finalize what ttheyse customers are going to be able to do going forward and wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy've reactheyd sort of that breakeven or back to profitability, we'll see some opportunities, I believe, for improvement in tthey watch list just because we had so many hotels that comprise tthey watch list. And we're really at that point wtheyre we did tthey kind of tthey final deferrals on those. So, we'll be watching that very, very closely ttheir next quarter.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac of FIG Partners. Christoptheyr Marinac Just wanted to follow-up on tthey mortgage gain on sale ttheir quarter. And going forward, is some of tthey expense initiatives in tthey mortgage business and efficiencies you're building into that, does that theylp tthey gain on sale far less than it ottheyrwise would? Elijah Stokes No, not necessarily. But that's a great question as you think through that. So, tthey thing is, with mortgage, so our gain on sale did decline from 4.34% to 3.95%. So, about a 39 basis point decline. I don't know that – I don't anticipate anottheyr 39 basis point decline by any means. But one thing that I did want to add on to that you touctheyd on ttheyre was tthey expense side, and our production was actually very stable. And so, even though tthey production was stable and tthey units were stable, you saw kind of those expenses remain pretty stable, even absorbing tthey cyclical kind of first quarter payroll taxes, but that's really based on production. And so, wtheyn tthey gain on sale went down, our revenue went down, but our expenses kind of stayed tthey same. So, seeing that gain on sale move back up will certainly theylp that or stabilize or move up will theylp that. But ttheyn also, as production comes down, we've worked really hard in tthey mortgage group, ttheyy're very cognizant of ttheyir variable costs, which are about 75% to 80% of total cost. So, as tthey production starts falling down, as tthey production starts going down, that's wtheyn you'll see tthey shift in costs. Palmer Proctor Jr. Chris, if you look at last year's production, about 84% of last year's production was variable expense. So, tthey key is, as Elijah touctheyd on, is being able to move very quickly with that, and we've got a pretty disciplined culture across tthey board and especially in mortgage. So, as we see that tapering back, expenses will adjust accordingly because it is – people always tell me how scalable that business is, but tthey reality of it is is how quickly can you move and should you move. And it'd be prudent that that not be hasty in what you're doing. So, I think we've got a good handle on that. As we see tthey production pullback, you'll see tthey expenses move accordingly. Christoptheyr Marinac Just to follow-up on tthey sort of outreach from your customers that you talked about, Palmer, to what extent are you seeing tthey account openings that you want in wealth management and new commercial business? It sounds like it is moving in tthey right direction. Just want to get a little more background ttheyre. Palmer Proctor Jr. It is. Ttheyre's a void in our market with that type of wealth initiative. And I see that as a big opportunity for our bank as we go forward. In my opinion, it can't grow fast enough because I look at tthey client base that we have grown, our guys have one a wonderful job of doing that. We're starting to see tthey benefits of it in terms of tthey earnings and tthey contribution. But you know tthey contribution it can make, and so we've got to double down on our efforts ttheyre in terms of growing those assets under management. And right now, I think tthey market, due to all tthey disruption, and quite frankly, due to a lot of tthey scarcity of ttheyse types of wealth groups within banks, ttheyre are a lot of RIs outside of banks and those may present opportunities for banks as we go forward. But that's certainly an area for us that creates quite an annuity. And if you can grow it and grow it in a meaningful way, and we've done a good job of cross-selling existing customers and at tthey same time bringing in some meaningful business over tthey last 90 days, that I think will continue to grow that area. But that is certainly an area of focus for us as we can afford. And I'd like to see more growth out of it.  Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from Brody Preston of Steptheyns.  Christoptheyr Marinac Sorry to hop back on. I'm just getting question inbound from some folks. And so, I wanted to ask, if you back out tthey MSR write up on mortgage each quarter, it was actually lower ttheir quarter. And I wanted to ask, is that due to lower theydge income on tthey locked pipeline? Elijah Stokes Wtheyn you say it is lower, do you mean revenues?  Christoptheyr Marinac Yeah  Elijah Stokes No, it's actually that gain on sale dropping those 39 basis points because our production was fairly stable. Production last quarter was, I think, $2.8 billion. And production ttheir quarter was almost $2.65 billion. So, production was fairly stable. But it was at 39 basis points of gain on sale. Gain on sale is what kind of drove that net revenue down. Christoptheyr Marinac Tthey last one is just tthey PPNR of tthey banking division, wtheyn you look at tthey segments that you break out, since tthey LION deal sort of went through, I think you guys have been bouncing around in tthey mid-40s, up to 60s and now we're back down to $47 million or so for tthey core PPNR of tthey banking division. And so, I wanted to ask, just what are going to be some of tthey levers that you pull to move that P PNR for tthey banking division higtheyr just because it's going to become more important as mortgage kind of normalizes in tthey back half of tthey year and into 2022? Elijah Stokes Absolutely. So, that's really wtheyre you see some of tthey initiatives that we've talked about with tthey occupancy expense as far as leases. We've got some of it ttheyre. We've also got some efficiency, just movement going with really evaluating everything that we do and how we do things. After you do a big acquisition, like a Fidelity, and you kind of have your cost saves built out and you get through conversion and you go through those, and ttheyn you really start looking at everything.  One ottheyr aspect in that banking division is our treasury. We've done a really good job. We've got some efficiencies going on in treasury, as well as some initiatives ttheyre to increase some treasury income. So, that has theylped as well.  And ttheyn, we've got a huge technology benefit. Wtheyn we look at our top technology costs, about 25% of that is really forward future – what we think about has future benefit as far as integration, automation or delivery platform. And ttheyn anottheyr 20%, roughly of our IT – wtheyn I say IT, I include kind of our IT and our PMO, project management office. About anottheyr 20% of that is related to efficiency projects. And so, ttheir is really kind of all of that coming to fruition and gaining that synergy that we have through those areas. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Jr. Great. Thank you, Ralph. Once again, I want to thank everybody for listening in on our first quarter 2021 earnings results. I did want to close just by emphasizing how energized we are over theyre at Ameris about our future. We are clearly in some of tthey best markets in Souttheyast. And more importantly, we have tthey right bankers in markets to take advantage and capture some additional market share wtheyre we are. And so, we've positioned ourselves well for tthey future, remain focused on producing top quartile results and strong asset quality, and continuing to focus on efficiencies and we'll garner a lot of those through our technology initiatives. We're really looking forward to tthey rest of 2021 and beyond. And I want to thank you again for listening in today. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.