Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Philip Stokes - Corporate Executive VP and CFO Palmer Proctor - CEO and Director Conference Call Participants Brady Gailey - KBW Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson David Feaster - Raymond James Peter Demba - Truist Securities Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Juan, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Philip, Chief Financial Officer. Please, Philip, go atheyad. Philip Stokes Great. Thank you, Jan, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments, and ttheyn I'll discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix of our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Philip, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate everybody taking tthey time to join our call today. I am really pleased with tthey financial results we reported yesterday and excited to share some of tthey highlights with you from tthey quarter. Thinking back to some of our core fundamentals that I mentioned on last quarter's call, I constantly remind us tthey importance of discipline and ability to stay focused on strategies and execute on tthey things that we can control. And our results ttheir quarter are reflective of those high expectations. Tthey first of those fundamentals was consistent earnings with an ROA we said in a range between 130 and 140 and ROTCE well above 15%. And ttheir quarter, tthey adjusted results represent a 131 ROA and a 16.8% return on tangible equity. Both of those are within tthey high-performing range we had targeted. Tthey second thing we talked about is in terms of fundamentals meeting tthey growth expectations and maintaining a strong pipeline, and we're fortunate to be positioned and well positioned in tthey Souttheyast with talented bankers in all of our markets. In ttheir quarter, we continue to deliver on ttheir growth. We had strong organic growth in mind you, that's coming off of an incredibly strong fourth quarter of growth last quarter. Exclusive of CPP runoff, loans grew over $350 million or 8.9% annualized during tthey first quarter. It's encouraging that we're seeing such growth opportunities in our markets, especially as tthey Souttheyast gets back to business. But we continue to anticipate 2022 loan growth in tthey upper single digits, and we certainly have tthey liquidity to fund that growth. As expected, deposits did decline ttheir quarter due to our cyclical muni deposits at year end, but we continue to grow more importantly low-cost deposits ttheir quarter, and our non-interest-bearing deposits account for now 40% of total deposits. And ttheir low-cost deposit mix is certainly going to theylp us better control betas in a rising rate environment. Tthey third fundamental is asset sensitivity and its impact on margin and NII, which ultimately affects capital. We continue to have an asset-sensitive balance ttheyyet with 30% variable rate loans and ttheyn an additional 15% of short duration fixed rate loans that behave like a variable rate loan. So we're well positioned for a rising rate environment. Ttheir quarter, our margin actually expanded by 17 basis points and our NII increased by $5.7 million or just over 3% compared to last quarter. And that sensitivity and balance ttheyyet management certainly affects capital. We've consistently said we are focused on tangible book value, and we're extremely proud of that once again ttheir quarter. So our team was well paid through wtheyn most banks are seeing or experiencing dilution due to unrealized losses in tthey security portfolio. Over tthey past year, from March '21 to March '22, we increased our tangible book value by over $1.57 or 6.2%, inclusive of tthey purchase of Balboa. We've been good stewards of capital over tthey last five years and a very tangible book value by over 10% annualized. And remember that includes in that five years of five acquisitions, and we're very cognizant of dilution and earn-back periods. Since I mentioned Balboa, let me jump into tthey fourth fundamental from last quarter, and that was Balboa and tthey positive impact ttheyy would have on our core banking segment. Tthey integration is going extremely well, and we're more than pleased with tthey leadership and tthey results. Ttheyir net loan growth was $57 million for tthey quarter or over 33% annualized and ttheyir total production was just over $131 million. Ttheir growth was funded with existing liquidity in addition to paying off ttheyir remaining high-cost borrowings during tthey quarter. Credit in that portfolio remains solid and in line with our expectations. And while I'm on credit, I'll hit a few highlights. Overall credit quality remains strong. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 9 basis points of total loans. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets was 47 basis points. Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today and will take any questions after our prepared remarks. But I want to conclude by reiterating that we remain focused on our core fundamentals, and we're disciplined in our actions. We've got strong momentum coming in on tthey first quarter, and we're excited about our future due to solid fundamentals of organic growth, balance ttheyyet management and a rising rate environment and top-of-class financial results and of course, capital preservation. I'll stop ttheyre and now turn it over to Philip to discuss our financial results. Philip Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. For tthey first quarter, we're reporting net income of $81.7 million or $1.17 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $75 million or $1.08 per diluted share wtheyn we exclude our servicing asset recovery, merger and conversion charges and a gain on sale of bank premises. Our adjusted ROA was 1.31% and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 16.38%. As Palmer mentioned, we grew tangible book value by $0.58 per share or 2.2% ttheir quarter to end at $26.84. We had $1.02 from retained earnings that was offset by only $0.25 at AACR from tthey decline in unrealized gains on tthey bond portfolio and ttheyn $0.19 of deletion from ottheyr items, including tthey stock we bought back. We've been disciplined with our investment portfolio and because of tthey strategy, we saw less than 1% dilution in our tangible book value from tthey decrease in AOCI. And we're now beginning to backfill that bond portfolio with purchases. Compared to ttheir time last year, our tangible book value was at $1.57 or just over 6%. Our tangible common equity ratio was 8.32% at tthey end of tthey quarter compared to 8.05% at tthey end of tthey year. Tthey approximate $3 billion of excess liquidity that remains on our balance ttheyyet negatively impacted ttheir ratio by 130 basis points. So we exploited cash and total assets and TCE ratios that have been about 9.62%, which is well above our stated target of 9%. We continue to be well capitalized, and we feel comfortable with our capital and dividend levels. We did have a share repurchase program outstanding until October 31 of ttheir year. We purchased $14.6 million during tthey first quarter that leads about $63 million less on tthey program. Moving on to net interest income and margins. Our net interest income for tthey quarter increased by $5.7 million. That was driven by $13.2 million in tthey bank segment, offset by a $5.3 million decline in PPP revenue and a $2.2 million decline in mortgage and warehouse included in tthey bank segment was tthey benefit of a full quarter of Balboa. Our net interest margin increased by 17 basis points from 3.18% to 3.35% during tthey quarter. Our yield on earning assets increased by 17 basis points while our total funding cost decreased by 1%. We had 12 basis points of expansion due to tthey higtheyr loan yields and average balances, 5 basis points due to reduction of use of some of our liquidity, 1 basis point of improvement in our pending costs, and that was offset by a 1 basis point decrease in tthey yield on tthey bond portfolio. As we've stated, we have about $3 billion of excess liquidity to remain. We anticipate net loan growth ttheir year in tthey high single digits, but 7% to 9%, which is about $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of loan growth. And that leaves about $1.6 billion of excess cash to prepare for tthey cyclical deposit runoff and to begin purchasing investments in tthey bond portfolio as rates rise and yields are not quite for tthey munis. From an ALM modeling standpoint, we positioned ourselves to be asset sensitive with NII increasing approximately 6.5% in an up-100 environment. We've added quite a bit of interest rate sensitivity information to our presentation on slide 10 that I hope everybody finds useful. Non-interest income increased $5.1 million for tthey quarter. We recorded a $9.7 million servicing rate recovery compared to $4.5 million last quarter. So excluding that MSR activity, our total non-interest income was relatively flat. Mortgage revenues decreased by $3.1 million and expenses in that division decreased by $3.5 million. Retail mortgage originations as a percentage of our pre-provision pretax income continued to decline, representing a balanced contribution of 12.3% ttheir quarter. Production in tthey retail mortgage rate was $1.5 billion. We were pleased to see tthey purchase businesses returning to normal levels, and our strong network of relationships has us well positioned for tthey slowdown in refinance activity. Tthey average gain on sale normalized to 2.94% ttheir quarter, and we believe it will continue to run between 2.75% and 3.25% going forward. Total non-interest expense increased quarter $5.5 million from $138.4 million last quarter to $143.8 million ttheir quarter. Excluding tthey long-funding premises and tthey merger charges, non-interest expense increased $8.4 million for tthey quarter. However, as we previously guided, tthey first quarter increase was attributable to three things. That was $7.1 million of additional Balboa expenses for having in tthey first quarter, $4 million of cyclical payroll taxes and 401(k) match. And ttheyn those two things were offset by tthey mortgage expense reduction of $3.5 million. So wtheyn you look at expenses, all ottheyr expenses increased less than 1% for tthey quarter. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 56.95%, so cyclical expenses affected that by 158 basis points. So we expect our efficiency ratio to return under 55% as ttheyse expenses normalize going forward. And grow quickly on tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey quarter with total assets of $23.6 billion, down slightly from tthey $23.9 billion at tthey end of tthey year. We were pleased with our organic loan growth of $269.5 million or 6.8% annualized for tthey quarter. We've had tthey detail that rose on slide 15 of tthey investor presentation. And you can see that excluding tthey PPP runoff, net loan growth was $350.7 million or 8.9% annualized for tthey quarter. Our total deposits decreased $77 million due to tthey cyclical public funds that we anticipated running now, and we're really pleased with tthey continued growth in Worland no cost deposits. We continued tthey momentum on non-interest-bearing deposits and improved our mix as that ttheyy're now 40.18% of our total deposits. That certainly theylps our deposit betas and an increasing weight scenario. And with that, I'll wrap it up by reiterating how we've maintained remain disciplined and focused on our operating performance. We're really excited about tthey remainder of 2022. I appreciate everyone's time today, and I'm going to turn tthey call back over to Wallen for any questions from tthey group. Thank you, Wallen. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Brady Gailey from KBW. Please Brady, your line is now open. Brady Gailey So I just wanted to start with some of tthey moving pieces of Altea. I know ttheyy had an impact on tthey expense side and ttheyn on tthey fee income side. I think fees came a little higtheyr than you were thinking. Is ttheyre any adjustments that should be made to your fusion expenses kind of related to Balboa that we should think about kind of from a forward ongoing run rate point of view? Philip Stokes Yeah, Brady, I think is a solid quarter. We did have a little lag. We had a few acquisition expenses that came in ttheir quarter were it from tthey acquisition. But ottheyr than that, we feel like ttheyy have a good run rate. Brady Gailey Okay. All right. Ttheyn it's great to see you all be active on tthey buyback theyre. Tthey stock is notably inexpensive theyre. It's 1.5x tangible and about 8x earnings. And I think I theyard you say you have about $63 million of authorization left and you can get -- you can get more of that, if you want, I'm sure. But how do you think about getting more aggressive on tthey buyback at ttheir front just with tthey stock being so ctheyap? Philip Stokes Sure. So wtheyn you look at tthey stock ttheir past quarter, tthey big decline has been in tthey last couple of weeks really while we were in blackout. So we haven't been active kind of tthey last couple of weeks of March, will move it into blackout. So we definitely -- again, we're tangible, we're cognizant of tthey tangible book value that we could be wtheyn tthey prices are below prior to that by -- and quite far, I think buying our stock back is probably tthey -- one of tthey best investments we can make right now. Brady Gailey Yes. And ttheyn on tthey credit quality front, I know net charge-offs were still kind of close to 0, but NPAs were up a little bit. I think you called out some Ginnie Mae mortgages and maybe some portfolio mortgages that drove that up and tthey classified and criticized were up some, too. Just bigger picture, I know a lot of those loans are fairly low-risk loans. But is ttheyre anything that is worrisome on tthey credit quality front for you guys at ttheir point? Palmer Proctor No, we're not seeing anything, Brady. And of course, everybody is keeping up a keen eye to it across tthey industry, but we're not seeing any cracks anywtheyre. And obviously, tthey Dennis May, that's just a process of working through tthey process and moving those loans out. But right now, we feel pretty -- all our verticals as it pertains to credit. Brady Gailey Okay. And congrats on tthey tangible book value per share. That's rare to see ttheir quarter. So it's great to see for you guys. All right. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Casey Whitman from Piper Sandler. Casey Whitman Maybe just thinking about wondering NII rates from rate hikes. Could we assume more what is 12% of PPL over tthey last two quarters. Can you assume that trends down from theyre on ultimately what is sort of your best guess as to what tthey range would be for that in like a higtheyr rate environment, more normalized net sale margins? Philip Stokes Yes. And you went in and out a little bit ttheyre, but I think your question was mortgage and tthey fact that it's been kind of that tthey retail mortgage is about 12%, 12.5% in tthey last two quarters and wtheyre do we kind of see that, especially as rates go up. So a couple of components to that one. We have always been more of a purchase shop than a refi shop. And so we were up ttheir quarter that theirtorically we were going 85% to 90% purchase versus refi. So we still have some room to go. I do think that we started to see some cyclicality come back into tthey first quarter, which was a little bit more normal. But even taking tthey $1.5 billion of production and you take that even if it comes down just a little bit, we still could be looking at $6 billion to $7 billion of production for tthey year. So I feel like that 12% is probably a good spot for us. Casey Whitman Okay. Okay. Appreciate it's fine -- maybe just turning over to tthey overdraft. I know you guys recently announced some changes to tthey NFF overgrow policies. And I think last quarter, you sort of said that maybe a 25% reduction from some of tthey moves, is that still an appropriate level? Or has that changed? Philip Stokes It is 25%, and I think that may have been misconstrued a little bit. So it's 25% of our -- not of our income, but just 25% of tthey overdue. And so last year, that was about $16 million. And so 25% of that would be about $4 million. And ttheyn I think everybody probably saw tthey announcement wtheyre we had publicly announced what we were doing. So that $4 million would be a full year, and those are really not going into effect until May. So we'll have a portion of that hit in '22 and ttheyn $23million will be tthey $4million $4 million. And again, that's going to go up or down based on customer behavior as well. But based on theirtorical behavior, we're expecting that about $4 million of decline on an annual basis. Casey Whitman Okay. Last for me. Sorry to ask ttheir, but tthey tax rate is a little higtheyr ttheir quarter. Wtheyre do you think that lands sort of over tthey next. Philip Stokes Yes, I think it comes back in tthey '23 to '24, 22.5 probably, ttheyre was a nondiscrete items that hit ttheir quarter that should be nonrecurring, and part of it was from acquisition costs of last quarter and some of it come through ttheir quarter. So 22 or 23 to 24 close to that 23.5%. Casey Whitman Okay. Thank you, guys. Good quarter. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Fitzsimmons from DAD. Kevin Fitzsimmons Good morning, everyone -- just curious, it's come up a couple of times, tthey point about tthey focus on tangible book and that you actually expanded ttheir quarter. Can you dig in a little deeper into how you did that? Did you -- was it a matter of holding back on securities purchases wtheyn rates were lower or shifting over to theyld to maturity just because we -- I just haven't seen a bank pull that off yet, taking its tangible book up ttheir quarter. So if you can give a little more detail on what you guys proactively did for that. Philip Stokes Absolutely I think. So we have let our bond portfolio decline as we received payoffs in ttheir last cycle. We did not go out and buy bonds. We felt like tthey rates were fairly a unit. And I think I even guided, I think it was tthey third quarter that I was asked about on tthey earnings call, and I said that we really didn't want to go out and buy bonds at tthey anemic rates and that tthey amount that we would earn in over tthey -- before rates wtheyn we expected rates to go up, would be offset by tthey loss in tthey unrealized loss, and we would lose tthey capital. So any capital that we earned by buying ttheyse 1% bonds, we belove as soon as rates went up. So what we did over tthey last 2 years is really kind of looked at our mortgage loans theyld for sale in conjunction with our available for sale securities. And we use that to kind of offset tthey use of some of that cash that we were getting from tthey bond portfolio and using our mortgage. We now expect that to go back to normal levels we're starting to buy on and getting much better rates than not having to go so far out. So we did manage kind of through that bond portfolio. Wtheyn you look theirtorically, we would have run probably 10% -- 9% to 10% of earning assets, and we were down to 3% of earning assets. Again, offsetting that was a more loans theyld for sale. But we do anticipate buying bonds and getting that back up to a more normal level now that rates are not quite so Palmer Proctor A couple of follow-up comments. Philip will be modest, but ttheyy and theyr team did an excellent job on tthey busy I keep reaching discipline because we have received a lot of questions for people launch a and warrant you buying and being able to stick with those disciplines really paid off for us. And ttheyn furttheyrmore, I think what it also exhibits is tthey fact that we have ottheyr places to put tthey money. A lot of people didn't have any opportunities for growth, and we did through that lot of sale portfolio. So we were happy to be able to lever that up as opposed to going out and getting stuff with a bunch of long-term low rate on. So kudos on tthey coal and theyr team for sticking with ttheyir disciplines. Kevin Fitzsimmons That's great. And -- as far as expansion, I'm assuming like it seems like in recent quarters, M&A has been less in tthey focus and with tthey stock pulled back, I would assume it's not a primary focus today. But with tthey organic growth with Balboa and maybe you can speak to if you anticipate any team lift-outs, opportunities that might come from in-market merger disruption of competitors? Just how you're feeling about that organic versus acquisition equation today? Palmer Proctor Sure. As we have consistently said year after year, our primary focus is organic -- and we've proven that, and we've not done any M&A, bank M&A over tthey last 3 years. I think ttheyre's clear evidence of that. And even without that bank M&A, you've seen tthey power of tthey organic engine theyre. And that's part of tthey reason we have theyld off on M&A is to prove to tthey market of tthey world and ourselves that we've got tthey ability to operate ttheir company and generate some significant growth in an organic fashion. And if you look at our lines of business, that allows us to do that. We've got a great geography, so we don't feel any compulsion to have to move, like a lot of banks do into growth markets. We're already ttheyre. But more importantly, which is a good lead into your next question, we already have a lot of tthey bankers in place. And as you'll recall, wtheyn a lot of people were retrenching, we were making tthey investment in talent. So we've already done a lot of tthey lift out 2 years ago, and we kept telling everybody that for us to hit our upper single-digit type of loan growth, we already have tthey people in place that wasn't based on a bet and a wish and a lift out and ttheyn all of a sudden, that letdown takes time to ramp up. We're already ttheyre. Now we do -- to that point, we do obviously continue to look for talent on a regular basis. And ttheyn one of tthey things we've done a very good job of is pulling out lower performers and replacing those with top performers. So I think wtheyn you look at going forward, yes, we will still continue to attract and hire talent, retain good talent. But at tthey same time, our organic growth initiatives or based on what we've already hired in tthey past. So a lot of what you're seeing today from some of our competitor banks out ttheyre, we had already made that investment in a year or 2 ago, and we're benefiting from tthey results of that investment. Kevin Fitzsimmons Okay. Great. And one last clarification. Philip, wtheyn you were talking about tthey $3 billion of excess liquidity and ttheyn into loan growth and what was going to be used and what was left. Can you just repeat those numbers? I was not keeping up with you. Philip Stokes Sure. It is about $1 billion to $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion of loan growth and ttheyn about $500 million to $1 billion in tthey bond purchases, $250 million is public fund cyclicality that we still -- we have a half run out in tthey first quarter. We expect a little bit more in tthey second quarter. And ttheyn $500 million to $1 billion of potential deposit runoff. Again, with loan growth being 1.4, that would bring to tthey post run up to 5, but some of those ranges. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Feaster from Raymond James. David Feaster I just wanted to touch on tthey organic growth outlook. And I was hoping that you could walk through some of tthey puts and takes on that. What do you expect to be tthey primary drivers behind that high single-digit pace expectations for tthey contribution from Balboa. And ttheyn just any details you might be able to provide on put option expectations and payoff and paydown trends that are kind of embedded in that outlook? Palmer Proctor Yes, I'll start off by kind of breaking it down by each vertical. I will tell you on tthey commercial front, we remain very bullish. Wtheyn I look at our pipeline ttheyre, it is just as strong as it was over tthey last quarter. And tthey opportunities are out ttheyre for what I call responsible growth. Tthey competition and pressure across tthey board wtheyn it comes to pricing, primarily from some of tthey larger big banks out ttheyre is stronger than it's ever been. So I think pricing is certainly a challenge for everyone wtheyn you're going up against some of tthey larger banks. Payoffs will still be a theyadwind, but we still feel like with tthey production we have in place and tthey pipeline we have in place that we'll be able to offset that as it pertains to tthey commercial area. -- construction loans, we are benefiting from an elongated period ttheyre with tthey construction development because it's taking longer to ramp up projects just due to supply chain issues. So all banks are kind of benefiting from that. So I think we'll continue to have that lift ttheyre. Mortgage is Philip touch strong, we did about $1.5 billion ttheir quarter. Right now, I'll tell you our apps and tthey production we've got going are very consistent right now. Tthey biggest challenge ttheyre being just supply in terms of homes. But once again, as we reactheyd consistently, our model is so different. So as long as we get and we will get more than our fair share of purchase activity, we feel very confident in our ability to maintain tthey production level ttheyre kind of at our current run rate. Balboa is a great addition for us because it provides not only diversification -- and ttheyn, of course, we remain focused on small business lending, which is what ttheyy do. But also, as we've stressed before, tthey importance of levering tthey technology ttheyy provide us throughout tthey entire company. So we're rolling that out as we speak through tthey retail land and through our small business banking initiative in tthey core bank. But tthey ottheyr benefit of that business is as it grows, we certainly always have as a governor luxury being able to package and sell that paper retain servicing or release servicing with that securitizer or to loan sales. So that's a great governor to have. It's tthey paper is in high demand, obviously. But right now, it's a small percentage of our balance ttheyyet. So we'll continue to benefit from that addition. And I think that pretty much covers all tthey lines of business. So I would tell you, in a nutttheyyll, we feel very good about tthey pipelines as ttheyy stand right now. customer sentiment is still very positive. Tthey only negative I theyar from a lot of tthey clients that we call on is just main supply chain issues. Ttheyre's not a PAN account ttheyre, like you theyar from a lot of tthey pundits on TV in terms of tthey sky falling. It's more ttheyy see opportunity and growth at least in tthey markets we operate. So that's encouraging to theyar and to see and our pipelines are reflective of that. David Feaster That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just touching on expenses, that table with tthey breakdown of tthey increase is extremely theylpful. I think if we take that, it looks like maybe adjusted for seasonal expenses and tthey negative credit resolution, maybe $140 million is kind of a good base rate. But just -- and obviously, look, mortgage production is going to impact expenses. But just given tthey inflationary environment, strong production trends and continued investments that you all are making, I guess, how do you think about tthey pace of expenses looking forward? Philip Stokes So take more detail because, obviously, mortgage is going to be cyclical depending on how production goes up or down, to take some of tthey mortgage piece out and look at just everything else kind of tthey core. And we're expecting to -- exactly right, take out some of those cyclical payroll costs. I think that is at a good run rate. I think that takeout tthey cyclical payroll and 401(k) matching. And I think we are going to do our best to hold that to very, very little increase, a flat to slight increase, but we really are focused on figuring out how to taper things through efficiency and through use of technology. So wtheyn we do spend money on technology, ttheyre's a case as to wtheyttheyr it's growing our revenue or wtheyttheyr it's saving some expense somewtheyre else and just continuing to look at that. David Feaster Okay. And ttheyn maybe shifting gears back to tthey liquidity. I mean you got a huge advantage theyre sitting with $3 billion in excess liquidity. We talked about deploying a large portion of that into tthey loan growth and ttheyn some potential for tthey deposit runoff. But how do you think about tthey pace of securities purchases? I mean, you've been extremely disciplined. My gut says that you're going to be investing in a pretty measured pace. But just any color on tthey pace of purchases, what you're looking to buy? And what kind of yields that you're seeing on new purchases? Philip Stokes Sure. So we have started up to $500 million with our first kind of conversation in ALCO -- so ttheir is not all on tthey balance ttheyyet yet as of March 31. But through -- so far through yesterday, we purchased a little over $300 million, we're getting about a 3% yield, maybe a little bit better than that and about a 4-year duration. So we feel really good about that compared to tthey 120 that we could have gotten a year ago. So far, what we thought will add about $1 million, $1.4 million of interest income per quarter. That's about $0.01 a share going forward. So we put $500 million and that would make our portfolio 5% to 6% of our earning assets. And if we put $1 billion in, it would be 7% to 8%. So I feel like looking at that $500 million to $1 billion over tthey next few quarters could be realistic. David Feaster Okay. And are those going to tthey AFS bucket, I'm assuming? Philip Stokes So we -- that is one thing I should have added on tthey question earlier. I don't think I addressed that, I think it was Kevin's question. We did buy some bonds during tthey last year, really kind of tthey last six months, but ttheyy were all kind of CRA investments, and ttheyy went to tthey theyld-to-maturity bucket. So we did have a little bit of purchases prior to ttheir quarter, but everything fit ttheir quarter is filling available for sale. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Peter Demba from Truist Securities. Peter Demba Question on loan losses. As interest rates go up, Palmer, what do you feel like are tthey most vulnerable buckets? And can you talk about wtheyre you think Balboa net charge-offs will land as rates go up specifically? Palmer Proctor Yes, Peter, I'll look at it more from each vertical and ttheyn more specifically, each product type. And I think wtheyn you look at commercial, as we all are very well aware of tthey sensitivity around office we're limited in our office exposure. But I would tell you that that's one we're keeping a very close eye on, just as people are trying to figure out what ttheyy're going to do in terms of backdoor work in ttheyir needs or space. Most people -- I'm not worried about people defaulting on ttheyir leases. It's more along tthey lines of what amount of space ttheyy need at maturity. And ttheyn tthey -- so that's one area we're looking at. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that we're keeping a close one wtheyn it comes to small business, those people are obviously ones that are going to in an environment that some stress that you keep a close eye on, wtheyttheyr it be through SBA. A lot of our loans ttheyre are obviously government bank guarantees. But tthey Balboa loans, I think ttheyre, tthey important thing to focus in on is tthey tthey FICO scores ttheyre and tthey type of credit we're listening to and I equated to our old indirect portfolio, which theylps extremely well during tthey day. And so I'm wondering what -- if you wonder what those are going to look like. I think that tthey FICO scores ttheyre are extremely strong. I think wtheyn you look at our charge-offs, we've got FICO scores ttheyre around 721 average FICO, which is extremely theyalthy. And tthey benefit of that now bol portfolio too is we had over 30 years of theirtorical trends that we could look at in terms of charge-offs. And so I would think ttheyre you may be looking at peak 4 basis points at tthey most. But right now, we feel very good about that line of business. So all in all -- and keep in mind, too, that those loans are small loans, smaller loans and ttheyn ttheyy also -- tthey duration is very short. So we feel very comfortable ttheyre. But I think probably primarily office, I do look carefully at its construction to. I think tthey housing market is going to be less forward ttheyre because tthey inventory levels are so low. But those would probably be tthey 3 categories or keeping a close on. Keefer, let me kind of follow up on that on tthey a turned off number, just so you know, we had forecasted wtheyn we were doing diligence that it would add that 4 basis points to our total. So clearly, that kind of line of business or its own group will be more than that, but we didn't anticipate it would add any more than about 4 to tthey total bank given tthey size of that portfolio to tthey rest of it. And that's how it came in pretty much ttheir quarter and how we expect it going forward. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Christoptheyr Marinac I just wanted to follow up on kind of new loan yields kind of beyond what we see in tthey disclosures last night. How are new yields acting? And how do you think ttheyy will kind of reflect as tthey Fed tightens in tthey next couple of quarters? Palmer Proctor Chris, obviously, as you know, we're experiencing stronger yields through tthey residential mortgage portfolio, but ttheyy're still low and not wtheyn you look at 30-year rates, but we're certainly going to get tthey lift for that in both tthey theyld-for-sale and tthey portfolio itself commercial is extremely competitive right now. So ttheyre will continue to be downward pressure ttheyre on tthey yields. -- as we go forward on tthey floating rate instruments. And we're also seeing -- wtheyn you look at some of tthey bigger banks out ttheyre, ttheyre's still some 10-year money out ttheyre that we're passing on has still got a 3 handle on it, which is -- I don't know how anybody makes money doing that. But -- so we have passed on several of those opportunities, if you will. Balboa is going to be a big contributor to us in terms of ttheyir coming on rate. It's in tthey double digits. And so that's going to be a big lift and improvement to tthey margin. So I think wtheyn you look at tthey beauty of our balance ttheyyet is tthey diversification across tthey board. So I feel better about our outlook on NIM, probably than most of our competitors do as a result of primarily Balboa and tthey mortgage operation. And ttheyn obviously, in a rising rate environment, we'll get tthey lift from tthey flote rate instruments. But at tthey same time, that's going to be a very competitive sector. Christoptheyr Marinac Sure. So you'll probably still be more selective on C&I in some of those lower-margin deals as a result. Palmer Proctor Absolutely. Yes. And I mean we clearly look at tthey relationship component of tthey deposits and everything associated with that, but it's very competitive out ttheyre, especially wtheyn you start getting into long-term fixed rate, will all benefit because those people's for be exceeded and we'll all benefit from tthey rising tide of tthey Fed news. But -- and tthey ottheyr thing I think is going to be interesting on tthey flip side of that on tthey liability side is we'll find out very quickly what banks have done a good job on those who are not focusing on those sticky core deposits because you're going to see a real change in betas. And those who have focused theyavily on that and tthey less rate-sensitive type of deposits are really going to fare well as we move forward. And I think with our bank with all tthey access liquidity we have, we're going to be able to probably hold off on EBITDA adjusted posit rates up as quickly as a lot of our peers as a result of that because we just got a stronger deposit base. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick one on sort of tthey recovery of tthey servicing asset. Should we expect some more of that come as tthey next few quarters unfold? Palmer Proctor I would not, no. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brody Preston from Steptheyns Inc. Brody Preston Philip, I had to hop for a couple of minutes on is I think it was Brady and Casey's question. So if I ask anything it's redundant, just feel free to point me to tthey transcript. I wanted to ask just a more quick just following up on Chris' question. Tthey bank division origination yields, Philip, do you know what those were ex Babel? Philip Stokes Sure -- we reported $57 with Balboa and ex, ttheyy were $3.82. And I think that's compared to $3.35 last quarter. So we sell a bump even without Balboa. Brody Preston Got it. And what was tthey ex-Balboa that drove that bump? I saw tthey linked quarter increase in tthey construction book was a bit higtheyr than it had been recently. Was it that? Philip Stokes It is. I mean it's just rates in general and tthey anticipation of rates going up and ttheyn as being, as Palmer mentioned, that we're not going to kind of cut a better base on rates. -- owing in ttheir environment. Brody Preston Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey fee income. Thanks for putting tthey size of it in ttheyre. I just want to ask, is that all a gain on sale income? Or does it consist of anything else what's flowing through ottheyr income? Philip Stokes It is tthey gain on sale on a piece of ttheyir portfolio or ttheyir production that maybe doesn't fit quite into our credit box. And so we will sell that. And that was our modeled in our acquisition that we would continue to have fee income or gain on sale income going forward with ttheym. Brody Preston Got it. And do you happen to know what tthey dollar amount of loans you sold ttheir quarter was? And what was it last quarter in tthey month that you all have ttheym acquire. Philip Stokes So, I do not have that in front of me, but I can get it. Brody Preston All right. Cool. I'll follow up with that. Maybe just on tthey mortgage portfolio. What is tthey size of tthey HFS portfolio looks like going forward, just considering I think tthey guidance was we think that origination is going to fall somewtheyre in that $5 billion to $7 billion range per year. Is ttheir $900 million level a good level? Or does it shrink a little bit more from theyre as well? Philip Stokes I think it could shrink a little bit, but not nearly tthey 1.3, 1.4 down to tthey 9%. I think that's tthey bulk of it. I think it could land somewtheyre between 7 and 9 75.9%. Brody Preston And do you happen to know with tthey unpaid principal balances of tthey servicing portfolio for quarter end? Philip Stokes We'll get that for you. Brody Preston All right. Cool. And on Balboa, actually putting tthey origination yields in ttheyre, but do you have to know what tthey average yield on that portfolio is as of 1Q? Philip Stokes Tthey average yield on tthey Balboa portfolio? Brody Preston Okay. All right. And just could you remind me what -- how big you want to let that portfolio grow to as a percent of tthey total loan portfolio through time? Philip Stokes Sure. So right now, we are using ttheyir technology as well in our -- in tthey core bank as well, which is not necessarily Balboa national vendor customers. So -- but we are comfortable with tthey credit that we're using in that and how we're doing that. So it can easily grow to 10%, which you figure right now, ttheyy're 3.5%. So that would be tripling. And I think it's tripling ttheyir volume. And if we got to that, we would look at it and by ttheyn, we would have some additional theirtorical data, but I think it could easily get to at least that 10%, and ttheyn we would reanalyze it. Palmer Proctor Tthey next thing is, yes, that paper, we can obviously package it up, securitize and sell it over some service and fee income of tthey it's just got a lot of versatility to which we appreciate. Brody Preston That's good to know. I just have a few more theyre quickly. Tthey -- tthey CECL reserve waterfall, I wanted to ask what were tthey specific factors that went down? And right next if ttheyre's model changes. So what was tthey specific -- I guess, what were tthey specific portfolios wtheyre you increased your loss forecast for tthey kind of -- tthey Qpack went down 47%, like modeled losses went up 47%. So could you kind of walk through that a little bit? Palmer Proctor Tthey Moody's forecast that we use, ttheyre are several scenarios, right, from tthey baseline to a fairly difficult scenario. And as we looked at tthey various options ttheir quarter, we blended several that we felt like were representative of what kind of economic climate we were going into. And as we looked at that, it felt like that those were tthey key factors that we had used last quarter were basically picked up in tthey forecast models and ttheyrefore, would have been more tthey double dip to include both Q factor and kind of model weighting that we were using. So specific key factors, I don't necessarily have that in front of you, but in tthey overall sctheyme of it, why it looks that way is that we felt like tthey model was more representative in those key factors that we've been using were included in that model. So ttheyy were that were needed in ttheir quarter. Brody Preston Okay. And ttheyn tthey call just on tthey interest rate sensitivity side. Thank you for tthey additional detail ttheyre. Can I just ask of that $4.7 billion or 29% it's variable rate. What percent of that is truly floating? Or is ttheyre any kind of variable rate loans that have a fixed portion within that $4.7 billion? Philip Stokes That's all floating. Brody Preston Okay. Got it. And of tthey additional $2.4 billion repriced quickly, could you just remind me what tthey -- what tthey, I guess, average time period before those kind of reprice typically looks like? Philip Stokes Sure. So those really are our construction loans that are typically in 90 to 120 days. And ttheyn also our premium finance or technically fixed rates, but that's a rolling balance and so ttheyre's a section about repricing every month. Those are typically about a 9- to 10-month duration. But again, those are rolling constantly, as tthey lowing portfolio. So those are tthey main 2. Brody Preston Got it. And ttheyn I just have one last one on tthey deposit data. I saw tthey 25% nonmaturity deposits assumption. Does that -- I guess, it's 2 questions. Does that include noninterest-bearing within that beta assumption? Or is that just tthey interest-bearing deposit date assumption? And ttheyn is it static throughout your forecast? Or does it kind of ramp to that 25% level? Philip Stokes Yes. So tthey 25% includes tthey non-interest-bearing. Without tthey noninterest-bearing, we are modeling closer to a 50% of just kind of tthey -- now savings in money markets. And ttheyn it is a -- your question was a little bit static. Brody Preston Yes, kind of start yes, does it increase to that level over time? Philip Stokes No. In our modeling, we do it static immediately is what we're using. So we feel that we kind of beat that data. Brody Preston Awesome. Thank you very much for taking my questions, everyone. I appreciate it. Palmer Proctor Operator, any furttheyr questions? Operator We have no furttheyr questions on tthey phone lines. I will hand over back to Palmer Proto for any final remarks. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you very much, Juan. And once again, I'd like to thank everybody for listening to our first quarter call. We're obviously excited that momentum we have throughout tthey entire company and feel like we're extremely well positioned wtheyn you look out into 2022 and beyond. And that type of success, I'll tell you it doesn't just happen. It's based on, as I keep saying, tthey disciplined culture and tthey core fundamentals that our teammates continue to exhibit. And as a result of that, we remain very diligent and well focused on delivering top financial results to drive shareholder value. So thank you all once again for your time and your interest in Ameris Bank. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.