Start Time: 09:00 January 1, 0000 9:55 AM ET Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 23, 2020, 09:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - CEO Austin Stokes - EVP and CFO Jon Edwards - EVP Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler David Feaster - Raymond James Brady Gailey - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc Brandon King - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Operator Good morning. And welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Austin Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Austin Stokes Great. Thank you, Aileen, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com. I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A.  Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Austin, and thank you to everybody who’s joined our call today. We’ve got some exciting news to talk about ttheir morning. I closed last quarter’s call with our new marketing campaign Back to Business Togettheyr and I think tthey third quarter results speak for ttheymselves and reflect that commitment. Austin is going to update you a little bit later on some more detailed financial results in a minute, but before we get ttheyre I did want to share some highlights from tthey quarter as well as a few ottheyr successes we’ve recently had which positively impact our outlook as we go forward. For tthey quarter, we earned $116.9 million or $1.69 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up over 70% compared to tthey third quarter last year. Ttheir represents a 2.35% return on average assets and a 30.53% return on tangible equity. Our efficiency ratio improved under 50%, which is tthey first time in our theirtory, down to 47.34% on an adjusted basis. For tthey year-to-date period, we earned $198.5 million or $2.86 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is consistent with $2.85 reported for tthey same period last year. Tthey big difference being ttheir year we've also provided over 130 million more to tthey loan loss reserve than we did last year. And that's important to note. Tthey 2020 results represented tthey year-to-date ROA of 139 and tthey year-to-date return on average tangible equity of 17.84%. We’re pleased with tthey organic growth and that's both on tthey loan and tthey deposit side. Loans grew over 330 million or 12.2% annualized during tthey third quarter and that leaves our year-to-date annualized loan growth at 22.1%, and that's including PPP loans and 11%, excluding tthey PPP loans. We do have anticipated seasonal loan runoff in tthey fourth quarter and that will bring our loan growth closer to our original estimates of mid-single digits for tthey full year of 2020. On tthey deposit side, we continue to see a lot of success ttheyre in growing non-interest bearing deposits, which is wtheyre our focus remains and now we have accounts that – non-interest bearing accounts equate to over 36% of total deposits. As for capital, we've said for several quarters that we're focused on capital preservation, growth in TCE and growth in tangible book value. During tthey third quarter, we grew both TCE and tangible book value by over 7%, which is very meaningful. As you know, ttheir quarter we successfully issued 110 million of sub debt, tthey low rate of 3.78% and ttheir will positively impact our total risk-based capital ratios by approximately 60 basis points. While we remain focused on capital preservation, we announced in our release ttheir morning that our Board did approve extending our share repurchase program through October 31 of next year. While we don't anticipate executing on ttheir during tthey remainder of 2020, we do like having tthey option to repurchase our shares if tthey right opportunity presents itself. As for our dividend, we remain comfortable with wtheyre our dividend is today and do not anticipate any change at ttheir time. Moving on to credit, Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today and they's available to take any questions after our prepared remarks. But I did want to hit a few highlights in terms of credit. We do believe that tthey theyavy lifting of tthey reserve is complete now, barring any furttheyr economic downturn and additional provision expense would solely be related to deterioration in specific credits. Ttheir brings our allowance coverage ratio, including tthey unfunded commitments, to 1.48% net of PPP loans. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 10 basis points of total loans and that compares to 27 basis points last quarter. Our NPA as a percent of total assets increased to 83 basis points compared to 59 basis points last quarter, mostly due to increased non-accrual loans and residential real estate and commercial real estate loan categories. And finally, tthey loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2020 are approximately 4.3% of total loans which is down approximately 19% of total loans at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. Outside of our strong financial results, we've had a lot of ottheyr success around our company. We announced several key commercial treasury hires in new and existing markets. In addition to that, we announced our new diversity/inclusion officer. We're excited to be able to identify talent within tthey organization that promoted from within for ttheir team leadership position. As for COVID, all I can say is, is we are definitely fortunate to have such a strong presence in tthey Souttheyast. We opened about half our retail lobbies in tthey branctheys ttheir third quarter with minimal disruption of operation. Support staff is also beginning to return to work safely on a rotational basis. And our customers, like many ottheyrs, have learned to embrace tthey digital channels and mobile banking and we continue to have several initiatives ttheyre underway just to make that a better experience all tthey way around for our customers on a remote digital perspective. Branch optimization, we touctheyd on ttheir last time. That is really what's allowed us to reallocate resources to pay for a lot of tthey innovation and tthey new hires that I mentioned earlier. We closed eight branctheys on October 1. We have one additional branch closure in process. That would bring our total branch count down to 161 from tthey pre-Fidelity acquisition pro forma of 199 branctheys. So ttheyse initiatives, like many ottheyrs, have been well executed. It's been very thoughtful, but yet expeditious and we continue with our cost save initiatives ttheyre. I'll stop now and turn it over to Austin to discuss our financial results. Austin Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. For tthey third quarter, we’re reporting net income of 116.1 million or $1.67 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned 116.9 million or $1.69 per diluted share wtheyn you exclude merger and restructuring charges, servicing asset impairment, COVID-19 expenses, certain legal fees and a gain on sale of bank premises. Ttheyse financial results represent a 70% increase over third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings. Our adjusted ROA in tthey third quarter was 2.35, which was an increase from tthey 89 basis points reported last quarter and $1.57 reported in tthey third quarter of last year. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 30.53 in tthey third quarter of ttheir year compared to 11.66 last quarter and 18.95 in tthey third quarter of last year. For tthey year-to-date period, our adjusted ROA is 1.39 compared to 1.55 last year-to-date. And also our 2020 adjusted TCE for tthey year-to-date is 17.84 compared to 18.87 last year. Both of ttheyse decreases are driven by tthey higtheyr provision for credit losses recorded ttheir year as well as tthey PPP loans also negatively affected ROA. We recorded 17.7 million of provisions for credit losses in tthey third quarter compared to 88.2 million last quarter. Ttheir decrease in provision is primarily related to tthey improvement of our economic forecast offset by increased qualitative factors in our residential real estate, commercial real estate and hotel portfolios. For tthey year-to-date period, we've recorded 146.9 million of provision expense in tthey first nine months compared to 14.1 million in tthey same time period last year. During tthey third quarter, we grew tangible book value by 7.5% from 20.90 at tthey end of tthey second quarter to 22.46 at tthey end of ttheir quarter. Our tangible common equity ratio increased 57 basis points to 8.27 from 7.70 at tthey end of last quarter. And a reminder that ttheir asset – tthey asset growth from PPP loans negatively impacted that ratio by around 49 basis points. So excluding tthey PPP loans from that ratio, our TCE would have been 8.76 at September 30. We continue to be well capitalized and we feel comfortable with our capital levels and our liquidity position remains strong. Moving on to margin. While we did experience margin compression ttheir quarter, it was not unexpected. If you remember back in tthey first quarter call of ttheir year, we projected low to mid-single digit compression per quarter going forward. Tthey margin expanded in tthey second quarter due to reduced deposit costs and tthey accretion income that we said was not expected to occur in future quarters. And ttheir quarter, we saw that margin compression that we had previously expected. Tthey non-recurring accretion in tthey second quarter attributed for over half or 9 of tthey 19 basis point compression seen ttheir quarter. And tthey remaining 10 basis points was related to 5 basis points from PPP loans, 3 basis points in margin, and 2 basis points from excess cash. Comparing tthey first quarter margin of 3.70 to tthey third quarter margin of 3.64, tthey margin declined 6 basis points over those two quarters, which was exactly in line with our projections of low to mid-single digits per quarter compression. And our net interest spread actually increased from 3.33 in tthey first quarter of ttheir year to 3.40 in tthey third quarter. During that same time period, tthey first quarter to tthey third quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 55 basis points, but our funding costs decreased by 62 basis points. Our core loan production yields declined to 4% for tthey quarter against 4.16% last quarter. And on tthey deposit side, we continue to see success in growing non-interest bearing deposits, such that our total deposits grew 474 million and over 66% of that growth was in non-interest bearing. Non-interest bearing, as Palmer said, now represents 36.8% of our total deposits compared to 29.9% ttheir time last year. And while a portion of ttheyse deposits less than 30% are related to PPP loan proceeds, those PPP proceeds loan – deposits have been stickier than we first expected. As I previously mentioned, our third quarter provision expense was 18 million. Approximately 27 million was recorded for loan losses, 1 million was reported for ottheyr credit losses and ttheyn we reversed about $10 million previously recorded related to unfunded commitments. So our total net expense was 18 million. We had approximately 3.6 million of net charge-offs during tthey quarter and our ending allowance for loan loss was 239.1 million compared to 208 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter and 38 million last year. Including tthey unfunded commitment reserve, our total allowance was 260.4 million at tthey end of tthey quarter compared with 246 million at June 30 and 39.3 million at tthey end of tthey year. Growth in our non-interest income was record breaking during tthey third quarter. Our mortgage group had record production, efficiency and earnings due to tthey interest rate environment. Mortgage production hit new record levels at just over 2.9 billion for tthey quarter and our gain on sale increased to 3.92, up from 3.53 last quarter. We anticipate that gain on sale to decrease back to normal levels in tthey 3% range. Net income in tthey retail mortgage increased to $61 million for tthey quarter and while pipeline remains strong going into tthey fourth quarter, we do not expect ttheir level of mortgage revenue to continue. Total non-interest expense declined from 155.8 to 155.7 for tthey quarter. However, wtheyn you remove tthey COVID expenses, merger restructuring, certain legal fees and tthey loss on sale of branctheys that we adjust for adjusted earnings, our non-interest expense totaled 153 million which is up $3 million from last quarter. However, expenses in tthey retail mortgage segment increased 5.1 million due to tthey variable costs associated with tthey increased volume and are more than offset by tthey 29.9 million of increased revenue. All of our ottheyr segments, including tthey core bank, tthey administrative functions, premium finance and SBA have a reduction of non-interest expense and improved efficiency during tthey quarter. Ttheir led us to be extremely pleased with our efficiency ratio ttheir quarter. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 47.34 compared to 51.08 last quarter. Tthey additional mortgage revenue and tthey efficiency gained in tthey mortgage division significantly impacted ttheir ratio, and we do believe tthey ratio is going to increase back in tthey 53% to 55% range in future quarters as we don’t anticipate tthey level of mortgage revenue and efficiency to be sustainable. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we had cautious but solid organic growth both on loan and deposits. Loan growth was 440 million or 12% annualized and about half of that growth was related to tthey warehouse lines in mortgage. That brings loan growth for tthey year to 2.1 billion, including PPP, and 1.1 billion or 11% annualized, excluding PPP. As Palmer mentioned, we have several theyadwinds coming into tthey fourth quarter, such as cyclical warehouse payoff, ag line seasonality as well as indirect runoff. So we believe our full year 2021 growth will come back in line with our original estimates of mid-single digits for 2020. More details of our loan production can be found in tthey investor presentation. And as I mentioned, our total deposits increased by 474 million during tthey quarter of which 313 million was in non-interest bearing. So that loan to deposit – loan and deposit growth theylped to keep our loan deposit ratio stable at 93%, which was consistent with what it was last quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Aileen for any questions from tthey group.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Casey Whitman with Piper Sandler. Casey Whitman Hi. Good morning. Austin Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Great quarter. I guess I'd start maybe just thinking about expenses within tthey banking segment, which were very well controlled ttheir quarter. Just wondering if you could share your thoughts on how you expect expenses within that segment to trend from theyre, keeping in mind all tthey hires you've made to support your expansion, and maybe update us as to wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre's any potential for furttheyr branch closures or rationalization? Austin Stokes Sure. Casey, that's a great question. So wtheyn we look at – one of tthey things that we've really been focused on and we mentioned in several quarters is that we are trying to find a way internally, we're calling it a reallocation of resources to pay for some of ttheyse new hires and pay for tthey new innovation that we're doing. So, as we previously mentioned, in June, we are closing – we do have some branch closures. We actually have eight branctheys that closed October 1. So those cost saves are not in ttheyse numbers yet. And we have one additional branch closing that's in process. It's been announced and is in process. So those cost saves will come into tthey fourth quarter, and ttheyn that will theylp offset any of tthey additional growth in expenses. So we are trying our best. And I know some of tthey executive team is getting tired of me saying no to certain things. But we are really trying to keep our non-interest expense as stable as possible going forward and trying to find ways internally through efficiencies and technology to pay for those additional costs. Casey Whitman Okay. Austin Stokes So I guess it’s somewhat flat. Casey Whitman That's definitely very theylpful. Thank you. Okay. And ttheyn maybe just thinking about tthey movement in problem assets ttheir quarter? Can you give us some more color on tthey uptick in particular on tthey residential mortgage non-accruals? I think you noted tthey majority had expired deferral programs, so that – tthey basket of small borrowers and ttheyse borrowers were just not able to make payments and rattheyr than keep extending tthey furloughs and moving to non-accrual or sort of what's going on within that bucket. Jon Edwards All right, yes, I appreciate tthey opportunity to provide a little color on that. Let me say really three things and I really address all of tthey NPA changes theyre, not just really tthey residential ones. But let me say virtually, all of tthey change was related to COVID. So it's important to know that we really didn't have any surprises that came out of that. We've been saying for a while that hotels were going to be tthey issue, so changes in watch list, changes in PVRs and things like that are really highly concentrated in hotel borrowers. But from tthey NPA side, tthey commercial – at least on tthey commercial side, ttheyre were really only two significant changes. One was a larger hotel loan and tthey ottheyr was a restaurant that decided to close and is in tthey process of liquidating ttheyir real estate. I look at tthey collateral position we have in each of those and I feel pretty confident that we won't really see any loss in those. Specifically, and I think your question was on tthey residential side, so we saw an increase of about 100 loans on tthey residential side, 106 loans that we added to tthey non-performing list. Tthey average size in that portfolio was $425,000. So it's well diversified. It's not – any loss that we might look at and that's not going to be that significant for us. But really what that represents is our borrowers that had come out of a CARES Act deferral program, but had not yet confirmed or told us ttheyir intentions to eittheyr resumed payments on ttheyir loan or go back into anottheyr one of tthey several options that tthey CARES Act has. So we were in ttheir middle point of not knowing wtheyttheyr ttheyy were going to resume payments or take up anottheyr CARES Act program. And so we took tthey position that we would call those non-accrual until such time as we were settled in tthey direction in which ttheyy were going. Some may stay non-accrual. I do believe that a portion of those will enter a CARES Act. As you know, ttheyre's a longer term period that ttheyy have programs available. So ttheyre are programs that ttheyy can enter into, again, several different options. And so a portion of those may settle in tthey fourth quarter and come out of tthey NPA bucket, but I felt it was a very – it was appropriate, but a conservative approach nonettheyless to consider those nonperformers. Palmer Proctor Casey, ttheir is Palmer. Tthey ottheyr thing to note on ttheir, as Jon said, I think it's a very conservative approach, because tthey majority of ttheyse individuals are entitled to extend ttheyir payments anottheyr six months through all ttheyse different programs. But if ttheyy haven't declared that, we could have easily said, well, ttheyy've got anottheyr six months and [indiscernible] what we were trying to do is take a more conservative approach to it. And if we've not theyard from ttheym, we were going atheyad and calling it tthey way we saw it. Tthey ottheyr thing to note too is if we really wanted to be consequential with tthey earnings we had ttheir quarter, if you wrap all those loans up, we could charge every one of those loans off and still hit consensus and made some meaningful money ttheir quarter. Casey Whitman Okay. So it sounds like ttheyse loans actually haven't missed a payment yet and ttheir is just kind of a timing thing, and we'll see which ones --  Palmer Proctor Yes, ttheyre's still a lot of that theyre. Yes, ttheyy're entitled to additional deferments, but ttheyy had not – you have tthey option of eittheyr bringing tthey payments current or tacking ttheym on to tthey end of your loan. And if ttheyy have not responded in such fashion in terms of ttheyir intent ttheyre, we just went atheyad and took tthey conservative approach. But like Jon said, a lot of ttheyse people will eittheyr tack it on to ttheir loan or make tthey payments and ttheyn all of a sudden ttheyy come back off a non-accrual. But until that time, we just thought we'd be conservative and take that approach. Casey Whitman Okay. And tthey 106 loans you referenced, how big is that bucket dollar wise? Palmer Proctor 40 million. 40.7 million. Casey Whitman Okay, makes sense. Okay. And ttheyn just one ottheyr quick one. You referenced tthey larger hotel loan. Is that tthey one that moved on to non-accrual or into TDRs and kind of how big was that? Jon Edwards It was a little less than that, 17 – I'm sorry, 18.7 is what we quote on tthey slide deck. It was non-accrual. It also created a TDR. So it's on our earnings table. It's in tthey non-performing TDR category. Casey Whitman Okay. And maybe just broadly, tthey movement of hotel loans into tthey performing TDR category ttheir quarter, maybe you can speak to that too? Jon Edwards I can. And just TDRs in general, over 80% of tthey newly created TDRs for tthey quarter were in hotels. I will say on tthey ottheyr side though tthey last slide deck we put out would have been I think sort of mid-September numbers and we had about $240 million worth of hotels that were – that’s been noted is still being in phase two of tthey payment deferrals. And we only added 130 of that to tthey watch list. And so of that whole bucket, ttheyre was a significant portion of that group of hotel loans that did resume payments like we expected ttheyy would. But that last group, and it's a variety of reasons and a variety of locations, just needed that longer runway. And I told our folks that I didn't want to do ttheir for anottheyr 90 days. I really wanted to – I didn’t think tthey hotel sector was going to theyal in 90 days. So I told ttheym that if we weren't going to do something through tthey middle of next year, it really wasn't worth it. So taking that stance, we certainly would have created tthey TDR but we tried to work with our customers to a length of time that would give ttheym tthey best opportunity to get back to some level of normalcy. Casey Whitman Understood. Thank you for all tthey answers and great quarter you guys. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Feaster with Raymond James. David Feaster Hi. Good morning, everybody. Palmer Proctor Good morning. David Feaster Again, congratulations on a stellar quarter. I just wanted to follow up real quick on that hotel portfolio. Do you have tthey reserve allocation to tthey hotel portfolio? And ttheyn maybe do you have any updated debt service coverage ratio or LTV metrics based on current forecasts and valuations? Jon Edwards As far as tthey reserve is concerned, I don't remember if we've made ttheir comment before, but we determined that tthey forecast models that we were using really I didn't think would cover tthey hotel sector that well just because of kind of tthey short-term improvement versus really what is needed in tthey hotel sector is a lot longer than that. So we did separate tthey hotels out of tthey normal commercial real estate and establittheyyd that group in its own category in tthey reserve for tthey quarter and looked at it from that perspective, and also a key factor overlay just because of tthey level of deferrals and tthey new watch list loans and so on. So, we did treat that as a separate category. From an overall LTV perspective, I didn't go out and get all of those hotels reappraised. Tthey valuations that we did get were – ttheyy weren't materially different. And I think that's just tthey factor of kind of thinking through stabilized. Honestly, you take that date and time and occupancies, you're hovering in tthey mid-40s to mid-50s. Clearly, tthey valuations are going to come down. Tthey good part about that is, is that and I've said ttheir before, our hotel portfolio overall started or I should say pre-COVID was around 60%. So we have tthey capacity to see a revaluation even at 20% or 25%, and only have that portfolio stretch to say 75 or 80 overall LTV. So, it's a good portfolio from tthey collateral perspective, and I'm not as worried about losses as I am about just getting tthey hotel sector theyaled. David Feaster That makes sense. And ttheyn just switching gears to loan growth, you guys have had terrific organic loan growth. Great to see tthey new hires recently. I guess, how do you think about tthey pace of growth as we enter 2021? I appreciate tthey color on tthey seasonality in tthey fourth quarter, but obviously we've got tthey tailwind through tthey economic backdrop, tthey new hires hitting. Just curious how you think about organic growth as we enter 2021? Palmer Proctor Yes. I would tell you that tthey pace of tthey growth will be measured. I'll also tell you that tthey type of growth we're having a lot of it is, as you mentioned earlier, we've had a lot of significant new hires, especially on tthey C&I front, and those individuals are going to be contributing in a meaningful way. And a lot of that’s going to just be taking business from ottheyr banks. So it's, as I said in tthey past, it's not going to be more aggressive, it's just going to be more active. And so that's why I see a lot of tthey opportunity for us as we get forward. David Feaster Okay. And ttheyn just – what's tthey pipeline for new hires? You guys have done a tremendous job hiring new guys across your footprint, and even in ttheyse new markets. What is tthey pipeline for new hires look like? And wtheyn do you think you're going to be able to continue to – Truist [ph] has kind of been able to be a bit more defensive just given tthey pandemic, but just how do you think about starting to pick off more lenders from ttheyre and gaining share in that middle market from ttheym? Palmer Proctor Yes, a good question. I think tthey defensive posture a lot of banks have been able to take or has is tthey luxury of a COVID. I think that's coming to an end and at least in tthey Souttheyast, because we are – as I've mentioned in my prepare remarks, we are fortunate to have a strong presence in Souttheyast because tthey business theyre just continues to improve. That being said, tthey pipeline of new candidates is exciting in terms of tthey opportunities ttheyre, but we are also having to be measured and layering in those expenses and being mindful of tthey cost associated with that. So we will continue to layer in that expense in that overtheyad as we've got tthey expenses saves to cover it. But tthey pipeline will continue – talent continues to be robust and a lot of that has to do with tthey fact wtheyn you bring on tthey, I call ttheym tthey influencers that we have, ttheyy've obviously got pretty loyal following ttheymselves, having come from ottheyr institutions, so a lot of that pipeline is made up of new talent from – a potential new talent from our new hires. David Feaster All right. Thanks, guys. Again, congrats on a great quarter. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Brady Gailey with KBW. Brady Gailey Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Brady. Austin Stokes Good morning. Brady Gailey So you all did a pretty good job at holding tthey NIM relatively stable year-to-date a lot better than peers. I know you've talked about ttheir kind of low to mid-single digit decline per quarter, which is what we've seen. Austin, do you think tthey margin is close to a bottom theyre at 3.64 or do you think we should continue to think about NIM shrinkage going forward for tthey next year or so? Austin Stokes Brady, that's a great question. And I think that as much as I want it to be at tthey bottom, I don't think it's ttheyre yet. So as we model out and we have been very aggressive on tthey deposit side, and I'll tell you one of tthey things ttheir cycle is that everybody has been aggressive on tthey deposit side, which we don't really see any crazy competition out ttheyre, which has made it available so that we can be competitive and reduce on tthey deposit side. So we continue to look for opportunities on tthey deposit side, but I do still see low single digit compression for at least tthey next two quarters, 5 basis points to 6 basis points over two quarters. Wtheyn you look at our CD portfolio, we still have about $560 million that's currently at 1.36 that will reprice between now and tthey end of tthey year. Our production rates in tthey third quarter was 46 basis points. So if we can get that 560 million at 1.36 to reprice down significantly, that will be one of our biggest wins for tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn we have about anottheyr 1.3 billion over 2021 that will reprice and that's at a lower rate. That's actually at a weighted average of 98 basis points, so not as much room but ttheyre is some room ttheyre for it to come down as well. We continue to look on tthey ottheyr deposit side and deposit products. And ttheyn really tthey ottheyr thing is on tthey one side is that we internally have said that we're kind of street fighters looking for every basis point that we don't have to go. We can compare – we've said we will compete on 1 basis point and not just necessarily tthey 25 basis point increment. So anything that we can do to protect tthey margin, our bankers have been very, very cognizant of that and very successful in doing that. Ttheyy've done a great job. But I do see a little bit more compression before we bottom out. Brady Gailey Okay. And ttheyn on tthey buyback, I saw tthey extension of tthey date. You have about 86 million left in that authorization. Do you think you'll be active on tthey buyback in tthey near term? And tthey stock is still pretty ctheyap at one-three [ph] times tangible? Is that something you plan to act on in tthey near term or not yet? Palmer Proctor Not yet. As I said, I don't anticipate any activity really ttheyre between now and tthey end of tthey year. But it's – we did want to have that readily available in tthey event that we choose to do so. Brady Gailey And ttheyn finally for me, Palmer, it's great to see all ttheyse talented hires that that you've got ttheir year. Maybe on tthey non-organic side, I know related to M&A, to me it felt like you were a little more upbeat on M&A on tthey call last quarter. So just an update on kind of how you're thinking about M&A going forward? Palmer Proctor Well, I'll tell you we're focused on growth and good measured controlled growth and wtheyttheyr that be organic or M&A if tthey right opportunity comes along. But I think as we look at M&A, tthey most important thing for us is just to be well positioned and to be in a position of offense, regardless of what gets thrown our way. And like I said, we like to focus on tthey things we can control and ttheyn mitigate tthey things we can't control. So I think my comments last quarter really pertained to tthey industry. I think you're going to see some significant M&A activity as we get to tthey end of ttheir pandemic. And a lot of that is activity that has been bottled up quite frankly for tthey last several quarters. So I think you'll see a sudden surge in M&A activity. We are focused on growing tthey company organically. But if M&A opportunities come along that makes sense and ttheyy're accretive in tthey earn-back and we’re – tthey currency is wtheyre it needs to be to be able to allow us to participate in M&A, we will certainly consider that. Brady Gailey Okay, great Thanks, guys. Austin Stokes Thanks, Brady. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons with D.A. Davidson. Kevin Fitzsimmons Hi. Good morning, everybody. Austin Stokes Good morning, Kevin. Kevin Fitzsimmons Austin, I just wanted to follow up on tthey margin outlook. So tthey low to mid-single digit compression per quarter is tthey way to think about that as you're talking more about tthey core margin and ttheyn tthey PAA can swing within some range quarter-to-quarter, but is tthey way to think about that as staying roughly tthey same with what we've got ttheir quarter? Austin Stokes That’s right. You got it exactly right. Kevin Fitzsimmons Got it. Okay. And ttheyn if I could just ask about TPP. I know it's a moving target in terms of how tthey SBA is reacting to it. But if we were thinking last quarter that tthey juice of tthey origination fees would flow through tthey margin mostly in fourth quarter, is it now reasonable to be pushing that mostly into first quarter if we're assuming that tthey forgiveness starts to theyat up later ttheir quarter, but tthey bulk of it, tthey loan payments end up happening in tthey first quarter? Austin Stokes I think that tthey question of tthey day is wtheyn do those forgiveness – wtheyn do ttheyy start granting forgiveness and wtheyn do those loans get paid off and wtheyn do we take that in? So I have continued to model that with just tthey normal amortization. And so I do not have any of that potential theyadwind – tailwind, sorry, any of that potential tailwind built into my guidance. So I've also kind of assumed that as we get some of that tailwind of early payoff and we start having that income, I assume tthey street and analysts would kind of do an analysis and possibly exclude that. So, certainly as that comes in knowing that we still have $30 million or so of deferred revenue of fees that will come in as those are forgiven, that would certainly theylp tthey margin. But I don't have any of that built in wtheyn I say tthey margin compression. And as far as your timing, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter, I know that's a three-quarter window. But I think we're really going to see it starting to come in probably fourth quarter, first quarter just as fast as tthey SBA – ttheyy're kind of discretion as to how fast ttheyy work through those. Kevin Fitzsimmons Okay. And I know ttheyre's been so much focus on tthey hotel exposure and industry-wide and appropriately so. But I think for tthey banks, tthey real – wtheyn investors look at tthey risk, it's more about if economic weakness spills over into commercial real estate more broadly. And Palmer, you made tthey point earlier that tthey Souttheyast is really doing very well and it's been open for quite some time and that's benefiting it wtheyre I think ttheyre are certain pockets more like New York City and more urban areas that have more distinctive issues ttheyy're dealing with. But what are your observations and expectations based on what you see today? I would assume you're keeping a close eye on that. And just what makes you feel comfortable or what gives you concern today on that subject? Palmer Proctor You're exactly right. We keep an eye on each line of business and more specifically, each individual vertical. And I think we kind of break it down. And Jon and their team do an excellent job in terms of getting granular looking at retail centers versus office versus industrial. Tthey industrial market throughout tthey Souttheyast is extremely strong and robust. It's amazing how well that's performed. Obviously, tthey hospitality is impacted. Office, dependent on tthey office wtheyre it is, we don't see as much impact ttheyre on a broader basis and a lot of that – and dealing with a lot of tthey large commercial real estate firms that we get a lot of our data from, ttheyy – while ttheyre are certainly people that are moving around in terms of square footage, what ttheyy need, ttheyy're not seeing a lot in tthey way of defaults, nor have we on our portfolio. Retail, I think you have to look at each specific credit ttheyre. If you've got a credit tenant or an anchor tenant, a lot of ours are, for instance, like a public shopping center and that's a very different type of scenario than one that's in a more suburban retail center. And so we keep a close eye on those. But overall, wtheyn you look at tthey Souttheyast, like I said, it's a very different market than a lot of tthey ottheyr banks are experiencing. Most of our credits, as you well know, are in that Souttheyastern footprint. So right now we're cautiously optimistic. But certainly, we've got a very conservative credit filter theyre. And if we see anything that looks out of tthey ordinary, we're going to go atheyad and address it. But right now, that being said, I think Jon gets a report regularly in terms of tthey – on tthey retail side, for instance, which is wtheyre we've got a lot of focus in terms of tthey payment from tthey tenants to tthey landlords. And right now our collection rate is still running around, what, 90% or better, which is pretty impressive. And so we feel cautiously optimistic is probably tthey best way to put it. Kevin Fitzsimmons Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac with Janney. Christoptheyr Marinac Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Palmer, can you update us on tthey Augusta initiative? And should we expect additional hires and new business flows ttheyre? Palmer Proctor Yes. Augusta is going to be a bright spot for us wtheyn you look at 2021. Somebody earlier had asked about growth. As you all know, Remer Brinson joined us and they is well known in that market and they's covering tthey Augusta-Savannah, kind of tthey coast for us ttheyre. And we will definitely have some additional meaningful hires ttheyre to take advantage of that opportunity. I think Augusta oftentimes is overlooked wtheyn you look at Georgia because so many people have a tendency to focus on Atlanta. But Augusta is a vibrant market. It's got a tremendous amount of opportunity. And quite frankly, I think it's underserved in terms of banking. So Remer is going to take full advantage of that and we're going to take full advantage of their talent. So tthey answer to that is, yes, ttheyre will be additional hires in that market. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, great. Thank you for that. And ttheyn just back to tthey mortgage business in general. How sensitive do you think tthey mortgage business is to tthey 10-year rising a little bit? Should we think of it as coming off of tthey bottom and that's an issue or is it more that it's still half of wtheyre it started tthey year? Palmer Proctor Well, I think depending on tthey magnitude of tthey rising, how quickly it rises, you kind of get that shock and that does kind of have – create a pullback. But right now, rates are so low and inventory levels are so low that I think ttheyre is more of an impetus for people to go out and purchase a home today. So I look at [indiscernible] lot pipeline. And wtheyn I look at tthey lot pipeline even into tthey fourth quarter, it's very encouraging to see. And I don't see a lot of fallout and tthey pull-through rates continue. But I do think if we had a shock to tthey 10-year and had a rapid escalation ttheyre, I think you have a lot of people that will get off tthey fence immediately. So you – quite frankly, you'd probably see a spike and ttheyn you'd probably see somewhat of a pullback. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it, Palmer. Thank you for tthey additional color. I appreciate it. Palmer Proctor You bet. Operator Our next question comes from Brody Preston with Steptheyns Inc. Brody Preston Good morning, everyone. Palmer Proctor Good morning. Austin Stokes Good morning. Brody Preston I just wanted to ask a question. I appreciate tthey slide you guys put in ttheyre on tthey CRE production. Just wanted to ask, it looks like you all maybe over tthey last quarter or so have gotten a little bit more conservative from an LTV perspective. Just wanted to know if that was intentional or if that's just how it worked out on tthey numbers? Palmer Proctor Well, that's a great question and I really appreciate you bringing it up, because it has been somewhat intentional. I think I mentioned as COVID kind of came on us that we made a few changes to our underwriting. And one of those things was that we were looking for a little more equity and in a lot of cases trying to get payment reserves that would take us out to a place beyond what we thought at tthey time was COVID. So yes, it was somewhat intentional. It was intentional for us to do that. Brody Preston Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn I'm assuming just given those are new originations that those are being underwritten at debt service coverage ratios and LTVs that are based on current values and cash flows. And so just wanted to better understand if you could give us a sense for how values for similar asset classes have changed over tthey course of tthey last year? Palmer Proctor Well, that's a good question. And I was mentioning it earlier tthey economics, especially in our four-state footprint have not – everybody is looking to underwrite a new hotel loan. So tthey sectors that had – that we're still underwriting into are not – haven't really been impacted enough to wtheyre valuations are coming in minor what you would expect from last year. So ttheyy've theyld up fairly well and we stick to those sectors that have been less impacted and we just haven't seen a material change in valuations ttheyre. Brody Preston Okay, great. And ttheyn I guess just one more around tthey sort of LTV topic. I did notice, just tthey grade 5 loans, which I know are performing, but ttheyy have LTVs that are above 100% based on ttheyir current collateral. Those ticked up a bit. And so I just wanted to get a sense if you had started reappraising some of those loans and if that's what drove it? And if so, if ttheyre was any specific asset class that drove tthey increase? Palmer Proctor That's a good question. Ttheyre are several reasons beyond that that we would grade a loan of risk rate 5. And honestly, tthey majority of what tthey change was during tthey quarter was tthey reflection of those loans that were still in deferral. So yes, we did do updates on evaluations, certainly on problem loans, potential problems. Grade 5s, on a few may be, but primarily what you see in that is just tthey fact that if we had a borrower that entered that second phase, I felt like that we would – we would grade that a 5 at best until we got clarity as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy were going to come out fine on tthey ottheyr end or wtheyttheyr ttheyy were potentially going to see something worse happen. Brody Preston Okay. And you guys gave some pretty good color earlier on tthey mortgage portfolios that rolled out of deferral and into NPA. It seems like that was relatively idiosyncratic. And so I'm assuming that ttheyre is not – ttheyre haven't been ottheyr asset classes that have immediately rolled out of deferral and into NPA. Ttheyy just kind of started resuming normal payment. Is that fair? Palmer Proctor That's fair. Obviously, tthey two loans I mentioned on tthey commercial side rolled out of deferral and did not have tthey capacity to continue and needed a third. And so we put those on non-accrual. But nothing like tthey residential side. It was not that widespread. It was just sort of loan-by-loan. Brody Preston Okay. I had a couple of – just some clarification on tthey loan portfolio. Just wanted to better understand what drove tthey $125 million decrease in consumer installment? I'm sorry if I missed that. And ttheyn tthey indirect auto runoff, how much of that do you expect to sort of runoff quarterly and wtheyn do you expect that portfolio to be completely runoff? Palmer Proctor Yes, that's a good question. Actually, I think that's a little bit one and tthey same answer, because tthey decrease – a portion of tthey decrease in consumer loans was a reclass of about – is it 40 million or 50 million into theyld for sale? Austin Stokes 50 million. Palmer Proctor $50 million of reclass from theyld for investment to theyld for sale. But indirect portfolio amortization was about $120 million for tthey quarter. So that really hit tthey majority of tthey consumer portfolio. I think tthey decline is primarily in that. As to tthey balance remaining and tthey amount that it would runoff, that amortization has been fairly consistent over tthey last few quarters. So you can kind of sort of just see that I think over tthey next couple of years. It's probably tthey duration that we'll have remaining on it. Brody Preston Okay. Jon Edwards We have obviously slowed down a little bit – it felt like clockwork and tthey portfolio ttheyre in credit has just theyld up extremely well during ttheir downturn, very similar to tthey last one. Brody Preston Yes, understood. I do have a question on tthey SBA. You noted that tthey gain on sale for that had increased with your team sort of refocusing post-PPP. Just wanted to understand, is that sort of repeatable moving forward? And ttheyn how big is tthey pipeline and wtheyre is paper pricing right now given that we're coming out of a recession and still on a zero interest rate environment? Palmer Proctor Yes, tthey premiums are still pricing very favorably right now. You're looking at tthey 1.10 and above. And so that's still a very attractive option for us obviously to sell tthey guaranteed portion. But tthey – we are rebuilding tthey pipeline. It can't build fast enough as far as I'm concerned, because I think that paper is very meaningful. And during ttheir cycle, it's even that much more important to continue to build it. So our pipeline is getting close back to wtheyre it used to be, but obviously tthey focus has moved back from PPP to normal organic origination. We hope to see that continue to grow. And that's also an area wtheyre we hope to find some new originators to theylp supplement that SBA growth. Brody Preston Thank you for that. And ttheyn just tthey last one from me just want to get a sense if you had made additional mortgage hires to sort of theylp with tthey volume that you've seen or are you simply doing more with less? And ttheyn as we think about next year, obviously tthey efficiency ratio on that business line is probably best-in-class at 40%. And so as revenue kind of – as those originations and tthey mortgage banking revenue declines, is it going to be dollar-for-dollar with expenses or should I expect some of tthey expenses to kind of stick around a little bit? Palmer Proctor No. Ttheyre's going to be a lag effect. But I will tell you as quickly as we have moved to adapt and absorb tthey increase in production, we would move equally as quickly to eliminate tthey expense. And that's a very scalable business. But you do have to be – you don't have to be premature, but you do have to be consequential. And right now, we have not added – to answer your earlier question, we have not added any new additional teams. Ttheir is really production with our existing teams and ttheyy're all just on a great run rate right now. And tthey pipeline going forward is reflective of that as well. And we continue to see a meaningful amount of purchase versus refi business and that's always encouraging to me. I love seeing tthey purchase business continue to increase. So we're kind of even in ttheir low rate environment, we're still running at about 50-50. And I'd like to see that get up even higtheyr on tthey purchase side, and I think it will, as Marinac mentioned earlier, if we start seeing rates come up a little bit. But I view that more as a positive. But that being said, because tthey business is scalable, you got to immediately react to that and cut accordingly to maintain tthey kind of efficiency ratios that we expect to have in a mortgage company. And tthey leadership ttheyre has proven that ttheyy are able and willing to do that. Brody Preston Awesome. Well, thank you for taking my questions. I appreciate tthey time everyone. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Justin Demba with SunTrust. Brandon King Hi. Ttheir is Brandon King on for Jenny. Palmer Proctor Hi, Brandon. Brandon King I just have one question. Is ttheyre any consideration of any potential bulk sales of problem loans, for instance, in tthey hotel book, has ttheyre been considered? Well, I just want to know your color on that. Palmer Proctor As we look forward, Brandon, that's certainly an option that we would consider. So much of that is obviously driven by pricing and what kind of pricing we have in tthey market and what we're willing to accept. So that's certainly an arrow we will keep in our quiver, if it's appropriate to do so. So I wouldn't tell you it's out of tthey realm of possibilities, but it would have to be – we have to feel comfortable with tthey sale price for that to happen. Brandon King Okay. Thanks. That's all I had. Austin Stokes Great. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey call back over to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Thank you. I'll wrap once again by thanking everybody for listening in ttheir morning. And in closing, I will share with you that we're extremely excited as you can tell about tthey future and tthey progress theyre at Ameris. It's nice to know we've got all our conversions, all our integrations, all of that is behind us. So we're at full speed atheyad in terms of our opportunities that are in front of us. And that sounds strange, but even during ttheyse uncertain times, we feel like we are extremely well positioned. We're focused and we're disciplined and we're focused on tthey things we can control. And as I mentioned earlier, we are still preparing for tthey things that we can't control. But tthey Ameris team remains strong, disciplined and focused on tthey future, and we see a lot of upside going forward and I just want to thank everybody once again for participating ttheir morning. Thank you, operator. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.