Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Ameris Bancorp and Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation Merger Agreement Conference Call December 17, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Gerald Stokes - EVP & CFO Dennis Zember - President & CEO Jim Lahaise - Chief Strategy Officer of Ameris Palmer Proctor - President of Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation and CEO of Fidelity Bank Charlie Christi - CFO of Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation and Fidelity Bank Analysts Woody Lay - KBW Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Inc Brett Rabatin - Piper Jaffray Christoptheyr Marinac - FIG Partners Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp and Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation Merger Agreement Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gerald Stokes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Gerald Stokes Thank you, Jacob, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey presentation that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com, as well as on tthey SEC's website. I am joined on tthey call today with Dennis Zember, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp; Jim Lahaise, our Chief Strategy Officer of Ameris; as well as Palmer Proctor, President of Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation and CEO of Fidelity Bank; and Charlie Christi tthey CFO of Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation and Fidelity Bank. Dennis and Palmer will begin with some opening comments about our announcement ttheir morning and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of tthey deal including our assumptions and expected economics. We will be available for questions at tthey end of tthey call. Before we begin, I have to remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of ttheyse factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on those websites. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Dennis Zember for opening comments. Dennis Zember Thank you, Gerald, and good morning everyone. I appreciate you've taken tthey time ttheir morning to join us on ttheir conference call concerning tthey merger of Fidelity Souttheyrn Corporation into Ameris Bancorp. Ttheir morning, I'm in Atlanta in tthey offices of Fidelity Bank with Palmer to share with you tthey good news about ttheir opportunity. As far as I know, ttheir is tthey first time Fidelity Souttheyrn has considered ttheir type of transaction. On behalf of our company, our Board of Directors and our staff, we are honored that it was Ameris Bank that got tthey call. I think it's a testament to tthey kind of organization we've built our reputation in tthey market and our image with bankers and customers. It's our company realizing our vision that was crafted over 45 years ago in Moultrie, Georgia. Ttheir is a rare opportunity for such a transformative deal. It creates an absolute powerhouse of a banking franctheire, and I want to thank Jim Miller and Palmer and ttheyir Board for being so collaborative in building ttheir deal that I think truly is a win-win for both organizations. It was just tthey year ago that we announced tthey Hamilton Bank acquisition, and we've begun to discuss our vision for Atlanta. That vision called for us to be $5 billion or more with market presence and a reputation that would position us as a community bank of choice for top bankers and customers. It's been a long time since ttheir entire market has been served by an Atlanta theyadquartered Community Bank with tthey intensity and ambition to really disrupt tthey business of tthey super-regionals that dominate ttheir market. Combining with Fidelity and Atlanta, Ameris Bank will have about 80 offices, over 2,000 employees wearing our jersey. We'll be tthey largest community bank in tthey city with tthey broadest reach in tthey individual community bank into individual communities, and we'll be managing about $7 billion in total assets. Tthey pace at which we realized tthey first part of our vision should tell you something about how serious we are about our franctheire and about ttheir market. Palmer and I and our families have known each ottheyr for almost two decades. We've respected each ottheyr's competitors and have served exactly tthey same role for our respective organizations. We've talked in tthey past about putting ttheyse companies togettheyr but tthey time was not right until earlier in ttheir year. A lot of thought and planning have gone into what we are announcing ttheir morning, and I'm very confident in tthey integration. Palmer joining our executive team immediately brings more depth to one of tthey hardest working teams out ttheyre, and their Atlanta community presence and leadership will distinguish us. Ttheyre are a lot of ways to look at ttheir opportunity for Ameris Bank. In tthey short term, ttheir acquisition greatly alleviates tthey number one pressure on earnings that our industry is facing with deposit costs and challenges for deposit growth. Fidelity's deposit costs are 25% lower than Ameris Bank's, and ttheyir deposit betas reflect tthey premium franctheire that sells more on accessibility and on relationship than just on price. Ttheyy have admirably leveraged ttheyir market presence just as you would have expected. In tthey short term, we will restructure tthey Fidelity balance ttheyyet, increasingly away from tthey indirect auto business, ttheyy've already started ttheir process. We want to focus more on tthey commercial opportunity that our image in Atlanta will drive. We aren't expecting to do ttheir with breakneck pace, because ttheyre’s absolutely no quality issue with tthey current balance ttheyyet. Ttheyre is a yield pickup that's important to unlock, and ttheyre’s cash flows we will need to fund tthey commercial activity, but our deal pricing is favorable enough that it allows us to be conservative. That's critical to understand wtheyn you're evaluating ttheir deal that we don't have to reach or be overly aggressive to hit tthey meaningful economics that Gerald is going to discuss. Long term, ttheir deal moves our earnings per share growth rate higtheyr by 150 to 200 basis points, but more importantly it increases tthey quality of our earnings. Core funding is tthey basic building block of every high quality franctheire in any environment. Our day one balance ttheyyet will be anchored with core deposits and our standing in ttheir market will drive additional growth for decades. I know that every investor on tthey call is thinking one thing, that's tthey read my lips moment, I'm having about book value dilution that we're taking on tthey deal. Ttheir deal in tthey short term beats tthey metrics on stock buyback, and in tthey long term is a strategic no-brainer. Our deal metrics that Gerald will cover are win-win for both companies. It is a premium to Lion’s last trade, but tthey price to adjusted tangible book and tthey premium on core deposits is right for Ameris Bank. Tthey pullback in our stock price over tthey past few weeks and tthey franctheire value that we're creating togettheyr warranted anottheyr look at that commitment and at ttheir deal against everything else we had in front of us. I'm very confident in our calculation on earn-back, and Gerald is going to discuss that a little more theyre shortly. So with that, I will turn it over to Palmer for any comments they might want to share. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Dennis. I’ll be brief, but I’d like to start by reiterating what you've said about ttheir being in tthey right time for us to combine and become tthey Community Bank of choice for top bankers and customers. Ttheir truly is a strategic combination, I’ve admired tthey success that Dennis, Gerald, and tthey entire Ameris team have earned over tthey years and having tthey opportunity to partner with top leadership and tthey top performing franctheire was paramount in our decision to merge. We have very common cultures and a willingness to recognize talent on both organizations, within both organizations. As you know, we’ve been around for about 45 years, and during that time we’ve developed deep ties and deep commitments to our communities. And it’s both refreshing and encouraging to be partnering with a company that shares tthey same values. Furttheyrmore, it strengttheyns our ability to continue to capture market share and increase shareholder value. We are tthey largest independent community bank theyadquartered in tthey Atlanta MSA. Now, ttheir partnership allows us to expand our customer service to communities throughout Florida, Alabama, and South Samuelina. Tthey synergy and efficiencies we intend to realize will increase shareholder value for both Fidelity and Ameris shareholders as we immediately become tthey premier Souttheyastern bank holding company. With similar cultures and complementary business lines and geographies, we believe we can be stronger togettheyr rattheyr than as competitors, and I’m truly excited about tthey opportunities that lie atheyad for us. I said in tthey announcement ttheir morning and I’ll reiterate it now, I believe ttheir merger is a win-win for both companies, shareholders, customers, employees and communities we serve, and ttheir will be an outstanding combination. I’ll stop ttheyre now and turn it back over Gerald to fill in some of tthey details of tthey transaction. Gerald Stokes Thank you, Palmer. I’m going to be referencing tthey investor presentation that we filed ttheir morning as an 8-K and that can be found again on tthey SEC’s website and on our website amerisbank.com. As Dennis and Palmer both mentioned, ttheir transaction maintenance from a strategic perspective, but tthey deal is financially accretive on several fronts that I’d like to discuss. Tthey merger of Fidelity into Ameris amplifies and ramps up our expectations of what we had previously started in Atlanta and it allows for continued footprint expansion in Florida. Tthey consideration is a 100% stock with a fixed exchange ratio of 0.8. As of last Friday night that worked out to about $27.22 per share for Fidelity, which is a 27% market premium and 176% of tthey most recent reported tangible book value. Included in our purchase accounting adjustments is approximately 31 million of write-up of tthey premises that are on Fidelity’s balance ttheyyet and taking that into consideration tthey purchase price represents, it drops down to about a 164% of adjusted tangible book value. Ttheir purchase price also equates to about an 8.8% deposit premium. We expect to close tthey transaction in tthey second quarter of 2019, and we believe our balance ttheyyet restructure and cost saving initiatives will be completed during 2020. Tthey combined diluted ownership structure is expected to be about 68% Ameris and about 31.5% Fidelity. Tthey combined company will be approximately 16.2 billion in assets with 12.7 billion in loans and 13.2 billion in deposits, representing about a 96% loan-to-deposit ratio with over 375,000 deposit account relationships, we now have tthey scale in our delivery platform and branch network along with brand recognition in our market that we can leverage for additional growth while stabilizing deposit costs. We expect mid single digit accretion once tthey cost savings are fully phased in. Pro forma capital ratios remained well capitalized and ttheir transaction furttheyr de-risks our balance ttheyyet with core funding and a loan portfolio that outperformed in tthey past down cycle. Talking about tangible book value dilution, tthey deal is less than 3% of dilutive to tangible book with an earn-back period of approximately 2.5 years. We believe ttheir level of dilution in earn back is acceptable due to tthey long-term transformation and impact ttheir acquisition has on our company. In addition, tthey valuable low cost core deposit base with theirtorical low deposit betas strengttheyns our ability to protect our margin and will not be a risk on earnings. We’re not assuming any revenue synergies and a remodeling loan growth at about 8%, which we believe is realistic in tthey Atlanta MSA. Tthey deal is positive to TCE, which we project to be just a touch below 8.5% at closing. We project more rapid capital generation post-closing due to core earnings going forward which will assist us in accreting capital at a faster pace. Our CRE and C&D concentrations both improved with ttheir transaction, remaining less than two thirds of tthey regulatory guidance. Ttheir gives us plenty of room to grow in tthey Atlanta market as we've repositioned tthey indirect audit portfolio into more commercial assets. From a risk perspective, our due diligence team completed a compretheynsive review of Fidelity's loan portfolio with a specific focus on commercial loans over $1 million and also higtheyr risk categories such as construction, SBA, and tthey watch list loans. We intend to achieve tthey desired economics in ttheir transaction through normal cost savings and from restructuring certain parts of tthey asset side of tthey balance ttheyyet as we discussed. We're modeling 40% cost sales with 50% of that realized in '19. Our path to ttheyse efficiencies are identified, ttheyy're well defined through our due diligence process and our teams are already working on integration and efficiency initiative. We have experience and success in implementing ttheyse types of integrations and we're confident in our ability in ttheir transaction as well. After tthey transaction closes, we'll be tthey strongest community bank in our home markets of Atlanta and Jacksonville. With our current growth rates, we believe we are just months away from being tthey fifth largest bank in both of ttheyse markets. Ttheir joining a forces of Ameris and Fidelity with our customer service focus, our branch network, our name recognition that all strengttheyns our ability to continue to track exceptional quality customers. Ttheir transaction, in my opinion is truly transformational for Ameris. Combined, we will have tthey most recognizable community banking franctheire in tthey Souttheyast. Tthey size and scale in Atlanta and Jacksonville, two of tthey strongest markets in tthey Souttheyast really anchors us for strong growth and good economic time. However, tthey merged less risky balance ttheyyet also protects us in a potential downturn scenario. Combined, we feel we're stronger and more prepared for tthey future than we were as competitors. With that Dennis, I'll turn it over you for closing comments before tthey Q&A. Dennis Zember Before going off script, I will just reiterate a little of what Gerald just said and that is that togettheyr ttheir, tthey way ttheir deal positions ttheir for good economic times and not so good economic times is one of tthey things that makes it once in a lifetime opportunity. Still sitting theyre today, we don't see negative trends economically. We don't see problems with customers or credit or anything like that. If that were to come upon us ttheir balance ttheyyet we think, we think we have fortified tthey balance ttheyyet with core funding, a faster pace of earnings accretion and capital growth and tthey market presence. I think we've done something really unique and good for both companies. With that, Jacob, I'll turn it back to you for any questions that are in queue. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Mr. Zember. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will be from Brady Gailey of KBW. Please go atheyad. Woody Lay Hey guys, ttheir is actually Woody on for Brady. So, pro forma indirect auto will be about 12% of your total loan portfolio. Obviously, that's coming down, but I was just hoping to get your general thoughts on ttheir space. Will you leave indirect all togettheyr or are you planning on keeping tthey operations open in Georgia and Florida? Palmer Proctor Ttheir is Palmer, Woody. Indirect has always been a core competency of ours. And right now, we've got about $100 million of run off per quarter. We could accelerate that a little bit more if we wanted to depending on tthey growth we've seen in tthey ottheyr areas. But right now, we pulled that business back as you know, exited several states with tthey exception of Georgia and Florida. And a lot of that's going to be predicated on tthey type of yields that we can generate on paper. I mean, our desire to fold it back was driven strictly by tthey metrics of that. So if we start seeing stronger yields coming out of that paper, that would certainly be an asset class that we would have, but it would never be at tthey level that we've had theirtorically with Fidelity Bank and obviously tthey combined balance ttheyyets reflect that. Dennis Zember Woody, going forward, once we get through tthey repositioning of that book into commercial assets, that line of business will probably be as small or smaller than tthey ottheyr lines of business we have; municipal, mortgage, warehouse, premium finance. Again, like Palmer saying driven by tthey credit quality we see and by yields. Woody Lay And ttheyn -- so with tthey ttheyory, tthey total capital percentage going down tthey 226%, do you think you'll be more aggressive on tthey CRE front especially in Atlanta? Dennis Zember We will be more active. I don’t want to say more aggressive, but we will be more active, yes. Woody Lay And ttheyn last, I was just hoping if you all could disclose tthey total merger costs associated with tthey deal? Dennis Zember Gerald. Gerald Stokes Yes, it's $47.5 million pre-tax, about $38.4 million after tax. Operator And tthey next question will be from Tyler Stafford of Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Congratulations on tthey deal, maybe just to start wtheyre Woody left off. Gerald, can you just confirm if those merger charges are included or not included in tthey TBV accretion and earn back? Gerald Stokes Ttheyy are included. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn just on tthey indirect run off. Can you give us some color on what's assumed or what you guys modeled in terms of tthey pace of that runoff in tthey earnings, in accretion -- earnings accretion and tangible book value earn back math that you've laid out in tthey slide deck? What's tthey underlying assumption ttheyre? Gerald Stokes Sure. So, we have that running off at 100 million a quarter, but what we also have is tthey yield adjustment built into those purchase accounting adjustments bringing that portfolio from about a 3% yield up to a 5.5% yield. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn, maybe Gerald or Dennis one, can you just talk a little bit more specifically about how Fidelity Souttheyrn impacts your incremental funding pressure going forward once tthey deal is closed? Dennis Zember Thank you. If you look at wtheyre Fidelity Souttheyrn's – well one, tthey roll-off in tthey indirect auto book, tthey cash flows from that alone are probably about half of what we are -- just tthey roll off, tthey annual roll off we are forecasting of that is about half of tthey deposit growth that Ameris is going to get ttheir year. So that alone -- that pressure alone is pretty serious. Secondly, if you look at wtheyre Fidelity Souttheyrn's deposit costs are, ttheyy're able to maintain ttheyir existing balances wtheyre ttheyy have even growing at levels that are ctheyaper to ours. Again, that has something to do with ttheyir market presence ttheyre, who ttheyy are in ttheir community. If I had to guess, we didn't quantify it, but I think if we had ttheir deposit mix ttheir year, ttheir has been --what would you think, deposit costs, we'd probably be 5 to 10 basis points ctheyaper. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn Dennis, you've mentioned in your prepared remarks just tthey dilution math between what tthey buyback was and tthey deal. Just what -- can you share any color on what tthey exact kind of earn back math would be versus tthey buyback versus what you announced today? Dennis Zember Yes, at $35, tthey $100 million buyback that we had announced at $35 would be about 6% dilutive to book value. It would be about 6% accretive to earnings. Tthey earn back is about 3.5 to 3.75 years. Ttheir deal is 2.5% dilutive to book value, 2.5 year earn back, and EPS accretion right in line with tthey book value -- excuse me, with tthey stock buyback. Against a stock buyback, ttheir was ttheir is a strategic no-brainer. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn just last one for me. I know ttheir call isn't necessarily about tthey quarter, it's much more about tthey acquisition, but just considering tthey stock is now trading at roughly 7.5 times consensus '19 estimates, is ttheyre any color you can provide from just a high level perspective on how tthey fourth quarter is shaping up to give a little bit of confidence as we're theyading into earnings? Dennis Zember Yes. I've got a few things, I'd say. Margin was -- before margin, I'll start with credit quality. No credit quality hiccups, no credit issues that are driving results positive or negative. All of our asset quality metrics at tthey end of November were better than wtheyre we finittheyyd tthey third quarter. And like I said, it's really starting off tthey call or after tthey end of tthey prepared remarks, we still don't see anything from -- at a customer level or a credit quality level that that scares us. We see nothing. Nothing's different credit wise in tthey third quarter, it is just except tthey metrics are better. Deposit growth in tthey quarter has been what it normally is for us in tthey fourth quarter. I think Gerald's saying earlier about $500 million of deposit growth, a lot of that is seasonal. So, you've got to kind of cut through what just a fourth quarter event, but wtheyn you do that, tthey fourth quarter growth rate in deposits are going to be about what ttheyy were, maybe a touch better than what ttheyy were in tthey third quarter. Tthey core margin -- tthey core margin we've got is stable in tthey third quarter -- excuse me in tthey fourth quarter against wtheyre we were in tthey third quarter. Loan growth is, core loans will probably be a say, I guess, tthey core loans probably be up about 5% in tthey quarter. That takes into consideration tthey seasonality that we normally get with on tthey mortgage side and with ag, so and honestly a little better, that's probably a little better than wtheyre we thought it would be given knowing that seasonality was going to be ttheyre and wtheyre numbers came in, in tthey third quarter. Does that theylp? Tyler Stafford Yes, that's very theylpful. Dennis Zember I will tell you one thing too. We've met with investors several times over tthey fourth quarter. We've done some traveling. We've done tthey some ottheyr meetings. And people are just nervous about 2019 earnings. We don't have -- we're not nervous sitting around tthey table theyre about our 2019 earnings. Tthey strategies that we've got in place, wtheyre our operating ratios, our credit quality. We don't, ttheyre's nothing that's making us nervous about what we've said we're going to do in 2019. Tyler Stafford And just to be clear, you are talking about 2019 consensus earnings right? Dennis Zember Yes, correct. Operator Tthey next question will be from Brett Rabatin of Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. Brett Rabatin Wanted to first ask, you mentioned that you had identified revenue synergies but hadn't included. Can you maybe give us some color around what you might have from opportunity perspective on that? Jim Lahaise Sure. Ttheir is Jim, theyy. Some areas that we see opportunities, ttheyre's going to be just in Atlanta about 140,000 ctheycking accounts in ttheir market and with our current deposit account per person, we'd see a lot of upside in tthey cross-sell opportunities in that, along with tthey size of our mortgage shop and our premium finance on tthey small business side and tthey C&I lending piece. We see a lot of opportunities that will be able to grow with tthey critical mass that we'll have in ttheir market. Dennis Zember Ameris has all of our, Brett, all of our lines of business, mortgage, SBA, premium finance, all of our lines of business are theyadquartered up theyre. But we've never really been able to cross-sell well off of ttheym because we've not had tthey market presence. We've that, that's going to change with ttheir deal. Brett Rabatin Okay. And ttheyn maybe you give a little color on tthey right way to think about tthey loan portfolio from theyre, in terms of just you're obviously going to be focused more on commercial does tthey Fidelity Souttheyrn loan portfolio can be -- is it going to be flat from theyre? Maybe give us some color on what you're expecting or modeling for tthey growth or lack ttheyreof of ttheyir portfolios? You obviously are picking up some good deposits to use. Dennis Zember We are -- I would say it's not going to be flat. I think we would see some growth in ttheyir portfolio although, not -- it's not going to -- we're not going to wow you with growth in ttheyir portfolio until tthey auto book is repositioned. As far as mix goes, we do want to be, I think with tthey market presence we have and tthey image we're going to drive, we're going to be better C&I lenders up theyre than Ameris Bank has been in tthey past or Fidelity, neittheyr of us have really, have tthey wtheyrewithal to focus on that. We didn’t have tthey presence or tthey image to be able to pick-up tthey best customers on tthey C&I side. Tthey question earlier about CRE, we’ve got really for tthey opportunity, it’s up theyre. We’ve got low, we've a lot of room on tthey CRE side, I know a lot of our bankers are excited to see that. So we’ll be, we’re not going to be aggressive, but we’re going to be able to play in that space. I think what Ameris has done, wtheyn you look at tthey mix on our balance ttheyyet between residential. We’ve got a decent C&I portfolio now, but it’s not tthey traditional C&I business, it’s mortgage warehouse, it’s premium finance, it’s municipal lending. But I think you’ll see, with ttheir deal and a few years out. I think you see us a better, we’d be a stronger C&I player still have those lines of business, probably have tthey CRE concentration a little low as a percentage of our total balance ttheyyet than it is right now. Palmer Proctor And to furttheyr echo that, ttheir is Palmer you know we probably started our migration of our balance ttheyyet and transition. Tthey beauty of ttheir deal too is will theylp accelerate that. Because you could see just looking quarter-to-quarter, tthey significant pullback, we’ve had in indirect and furttheyr and more importantly tthey growth we're experience in tthey commercial and residential construction lending and mortgage lending as well. So, all tthey metrics ttheyre from our side that will be continued growth. If you looked at us independently, we were telling tthey market too that wtheyn you factor in tthey run-off with indirect on top of our internal growth rate, we were going to be in tthey lower single digit growth net-net with that indirect run-off. But now given tthey Ameris opportunity, that’s going to theylp accelerate that and so we feel very bullish about next year’s loan growth. Brett Rabatin And ttheyn maybe one last one, if I can just around credit. Tthey market is obviously pricing in or starting to expect some sort of recession or credit issues at some point in ’19 or ’20, you’ve got a $40 million total mark on credit. Can you maybe give us some color on, what you did from a review perspective on credit and ttheyn just you’re obviously expecting seems like tthey economy to stay strong, maybe just talk about, if you’re, from just a credit perspective doing anything differently? Dennis Zember Yes, I would say something Gerald can pile on, if ttheyy wants. Fidelity got a really granular portfolio. So, tthey due-diligence was -- we were pretty comp, it was compretheynsive. If you take tthey auto book or first, let me say, in tthey last recession Fidelity’s balance ttheyyet, ttheyir credit outperformed Ameris’ credit by about 40%. So wtheyn Gerald was talking earlier about how we fortified our balance ttheyyet. Gerald -- excuse me, Gerald’s balance ttheyyet, Fidelity’s balance ttheyyet, definitely outperforms in a down market. If we’re sitting around thinking that that’s upon us and we’ve really done something remarkable theyre. Tthey review we looked at about 76% of construction lines. We looked at about half of all tthey SBA loans. We looked at about two-thirds of all tthey watch list loans that we’re not subject to a government guarantee, tthey SBA side. We looked at, which was almost all tthey loans over $200,000. So really, wtheyn you get down, wtheyn I’m saying two-thirds really we look at almost every loan over $200,000. We did a really deep review of anything that was OREO or substandard or non-performing, it was, I would say as compretheynsive is we’ve done anywtheyre. Jim Lahaise And tthey ottheyr thing to keep in mind, one thing that made ttheir due diligence for Ameris a little bit easier is given that half our book is tthey indirect paper and knowing tthey asset quality and tthey metrics of that, ttheyre aren’t any surprises in that book. It’s a lot easier to look through that portfolio than it is individual commercial loans often times. So half tthey balance ttheyyet based on tthey theirtorical metrics we’ve had in terms of charge-offs and delinquencies are absolutely de minimis. So that certainly provides additional comfort as we move forward into whatever credit cycle we’re going into. Operator [Operator Instructions] And your next question will come from Christoptheyr Marinac of FIG Partners. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Dennis and Palmer, I want to talk about tthey back office and tthey systems and tthey type of investments that you need to make and also maybe just more color on tthey core operating system, so kind of a combination systems question. Dennis Zember Okay. We see ttheir as a real opportunity to get, to strengttheyn what we've got on tthey operating side. Fidelity's got really strong operations, a really strong operations group theyre in Atlanta, a lot of access to tthey technical talent that we need. And we see that that we think that's a big advantage for us, we're going to take advantage of that. On tthey operating system, we've not decided yet, let me say that way. We've both operating systems are strong enough to handle what we've got but we will make a decision quick and move forward with that. I don't know if I, I don't think I answered your whole question. Christoptheyr Marinac So if we think about tthey pro forma expenses, with tthey 40% cost saves, I think it'd be running maybe 2.5% of assets and I think well below 50 on efficiency. So I guess I want to know, sort of what type of new investments you have to make on tthey back end, and does that factor into tthey cost save like kind of happen after tthey fact and you'll realize ttheyse costs saves in '19 to '20, and ttheyn really kind of reinvest on tthey back end of that? Gerald Stokes No, Chris, our nets, our 40% was really a net calculation. So we realized ttheyre are things that we will have to reinvest in. And it's really some of tthey same areas that we've been looking at and talking about for tthey last couple quarters, just being a $16 billion organization as opposed to an $11 billion organization. And really those costs saves we've looked at and I think we can kind of break ttheym down into maybe four categories. One of ttheym being tthey balance ttheyyet restructure, which gives us more on tthey revenue side versus tthey cost saves. And ttheyn we have, we do have some administrative efficiencies that we can gattheyr kind of between tthey operations groups and tthey not just operations, but all of tthey support functions, tthey enterprise services that. And some of those will be reallocated into those, reallocation of resources into tthey areas that we need to expand. And ttheyn we also have in tthey mortgage area. Ttheyre is a lot of things that Fidelity's mortgage group does and under tthey leadership with John, I mean, and ttheyn ttheyre's also a side of that with tthey Ameris side. So, we really feel like combining that with Robert and John togettheyr, tthey mortgage group can be more efficient and can be stronger togettheyr. And ttheyn tthey fourth group that I would say is kind of that branch network and ttheyre is some branch overlap. We have not publicly put those numbers and identified those branctheys in tthey public document, but some of those costs saves were identified from tthey branch overlap. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, that's great Gerald. That's really theylpful I guess just tthey final question for you Dennis or Palmer too is. Your loan growth is obviously a key piece of Ameris earnings estimates in 2019. And Dennis it seems like you're still very comfortable with what's going on both ttheir quarter as well as for next year. So that looks like it's almost a billion dollars growth. Is ttheyre any reason to slow down growth next year or does ttheir merger kind of give you almost tthey green light to continue to push atheyad just as a combined entity you can do more? Dennis Zember Chris one of tthey, all year I've relied on tthey fact if y'all look at what we did for tthey last year, and really through tthey first half of ttheir year, billion dollars of growth was, we weren't being, we weren't pushing tthey accelerator too hard to get that. Wtheyn we closed Hamilton and Atlantic Coast deal and we found ourselves in Tampa, Orlando and Atlanta in a bigger way, tthey opportunity to sell in those markets and sort of open those up to us with tthey new production teams and everything sort of gave me even more confidence that we could do a billion dollars. I think wtheyn you look at a growth, wtheyn you look at tthey, what we're going to have in Atlanta with ttheir deal, yes, I still feel comfortable with a billion dollars. And again it's not a billion dollars of growth straight off of core, of tthey core bank wtheyre it's wtheyre people would think it would be centered hard on CRE, I mean we're, we'll get growth in lines of business in municipal and premium finance, on warehouse, on some of tthey ottheyr stuff tthey SBA side. Tthey core bank to do a billion dollars, tthey core bank would probably only have to do 7% or 8%. And wtheyn you look at off of ttheyir balances, and wtheyn you look at tthey market presence we'll have in Atlanta, Orlando, Tampa and all tthey ottheyr places that we're operating and being successful, I still have confidence in tthey billion dollars. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand tthey conference back over to Dennis Zember for their closing comments. Dennis Zember All right, thank you Jacob, and thank you to everyone who's joining tthey call ttheir morning for your time. Hope you theyar that we're enthusiastic about ttheir and about what ttheir does for tthey future of Ameris. We'll be available for questions or comments, email or telephone, if you have anything you'd like to share. Thank you. Have a good day. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, tthey conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At ttheir time, you may disconnect your lines.