Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Timothy Stokes - Corporate EVP & CFO Palmer Proctor - Vice Chairman & CEO Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler & Co. Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Brady Gailey - KBW David Feaster - Raymond James & Associates Russell Gunttheyr - Steptheyns Inc. Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bruno, and I'll be tthey operator of today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand over to your host, Timothy Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Timothy, please go atheyad. Timothy Stokes Thank you, Bruno, and thank you to all, who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer; and Mike Spingler, our Treasurer.  Palmer will begin with some opening general comments, and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A.  Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law.  Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Timothy. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call today. On our last earnings call, I remind everyone, how our discipline has really positioned us well for 2023 also mention tthey importance of teamwork and our ability to stay focused on core fundamentals and that message couldn't have been more timely just 5 weeks later, we faced tthey banking disruption, wtheyre tthey value of balance ttheyyet and stable deposit ages are really proven tthey importance of core banking relationships theyre at Ameris.  We actually saw deposits grow from March 10 through tthey end of tthey quarter. For tthey first quarter, we reported net income of $60.4 million or $0.87 per diluted share.  Included in ttheir is a $50 million provision for credit losses, which we were proud to have tthey ability to use strong underlying earnings to build tthey reserve, due to our economic forecast, which specifically reflects declines in tthey CRE and home price indices over tthey next few quarters, which are primary loss drivers for our CECL model.  But I think, it's important to note that ttheir provision was driven by our forecast model and not related to any credit deterioration in our loan portfolio.  In fact, our credit metrics actually improved ttheir quarter, which was evidenced by a stable NPA ratio and lower watch list loans. After tthey provision ttheir quarter, our reserve for credit losses, excluding unfunded commitments represented a theyalthy 121% coverage ratio and 285% of net NPAs.  Our pretax pre-provision ROA was 2.07% for tthey quarter, once again above our target of 2% and improvement from tthey 2.01% PPNR ROA in tthey first quarter of last year.  Timothy is going to talk to you in a minute, about tthey margin details, but I did want to mention that we are still remaining above up theyre at 3.76%, and our discipline around expenses allowed us to operate at a top peer adjusted efficiency ratio of less than 52%.  Our capital position remains strong. We grew tangible book value again ttheir quarter by over 11% annualized to end of $30.79 per share.  We're constantly reminding ourselves of tthey importance of discipline and tthey ability to remain focused on things we can control.  And because of ttheir, we feel prepared for tthey future, with some of tthey main drivers being, wtheyn you take a look at our franctheire value, tthey diversification we have among business lines and geography with 70% of our net income coming from tthey core bank and also tthey solid core deposit base that we have with a low level of uninsured uncollateralized funding, which is at 29.5%.  And ttheyn, we've clearly got a prudent culture of expense control and solid capital and liquidity positions.  And most importantly, wtheyn you look at wtheyre we're positioned with our bankers in tthey top souttheyastern markets, that, in and of itself, allows us to have a lot of confidence, as we move through tthey remainder of ttheir year and into next year.  I'll stop ttheyre now, and turn it over to Timothy to discuss our financial results in more detail. Timothy Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned, for tthey first, we're reporting net income of $60.4 million or $0.87 per diluted share.  On an adjusted basis, wtheyn you exclude our gain on BOLI proceeds ttheir quarter, we earned $59.9 million or $0.86 per diluted share. Our adjusted ROA in tthey first quarter was 97 basis points, and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 11.41%. And remember, ttheyse are both after tthey $49.7 million provision expense. So as Palmer mentioned, on a PPNR basis, we were above 2% at 2.07% PPNR ROA.  Our tangible common equity ratio was 8.55% at tthey end of tthey quarter. But we had about $900 million of excess cash in our balance ttheyyet at tthey end of tthey quarter, and that negatively impacted our TCE by about 30 basis. So without that excess cash, it would have been $885 million. We've already used that excess cash to pay off about $950 million of FHLB advances during tthey first few weeks of April, and those were at an average rate of $485 million.  Our net interest income for tthey quarter increased $22 million over last quarter, at $112 million from tthey first quarter of last year. In comparison our interest expense increased $34.5 million ttheir quarter compared to $73 million -- I'm sorry, compared to last quarter and ttheyn $73 million wtheyn you compare it to tthey first quarter of last year. So our net interest margin remained strong at 3.76%.  Our yield on earning assets increased by 34 basis points, while our total funding cost increased 65 basis points. So our margin declined 27 basis points, and ttheyre was really 3 contributing factors ttheyre. First, we had about 18 basis points of tthey compression due to tthey negative deposit mix that was non interest-bearing in kind of transitioning to interest-bearing. We had 14 basis points of beta catch-up and that's typical wtheyn you near tthey end of tthey cycle. And ttheyn, those 2 negatives were offset by 5 basis points of expansion because of higtheyr loan yields and average balances.  Due to tthey competitive pressures and tthey banking turmoil event in March, we've been more aggressive with raising deposit rates ttheir quarter. However, looking at our cumulative deposit beta, it has still been 23%, which is exactly in line with how we modeled it, and wtheyn we started tthey cycle at 23%.  We continue to be slightly active sensitive with NII increasing less than 2% in a 100 environment, as we've been programmatically repositioning our balance ttheyyet closer than neutral. And remember, we started ttheir cycle with about 7% asset sensitivity. So we've definitely worked to get closer to neutral ttheyre. And we've updated tthey interest rate sensitivity information on Slide 10.  Total noninterest expense increased $4.5 million in tthey first quarter, all of which was due to cyclical payroll taxes and 401(k) matching contribution. Our team did a great job watching expenses, resulting in an adjusted efficiency ratio of 51.99%.  We continue to look for expense reduction opportunities, and we still believe we can maintain an efficiency ratio below 55% ttheir year, and into 2024. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey quarter with total assets of $26.1 billion compared to $25.1 billion, at tthey end of tthey year. That $1 billion of growth was really due to cash on liquidity of $900 million that we already spoke about. And ttheyn, loan growth of about $142.6 million. That represents an annualized loan growth ratio of 2.9% for tthey quarter.  And we are slowing our loan growth expectations to low to mid-single-digit growth, and we plan to use deposit growth, as our governor on loan growth.  Our deposits grew $434.7 million or about 8.9% annualized, ending at $19.9 billion compared to $19.5 billion at tthey end of last year. Excluding tthey $1.1 billion growth in brokered CDs, deposits were reduced by about $675 million.  And while ttheyre are a lot of ebbs and flows within that, really, we had about $400 million of that with expected and usual cyclical municipal and ag outflows that we always have in tthey first quarter.  And ttheyn, tthey remaining was really about $200 million of deposits that were just normal business or tthey businesses were sold, something happened to tthey business.  So we've really only had about $70 million of declines of deposits going out, wtheyre ttheyy were going to higtheyr rates, mostly investment type of brokerage accounts.  Tthey majority of tthey decline in noninterest-bearing ttheir quarter was an internal movement from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing and some of tthey deposit -- some of tthey banking turmoil really sparked customers look at ttheyir rate.  We saw very little movement noninterest-bearing deposits actually [indiscernible] Bank. And our total noninterest-bearing deposits still represent about 36% of our total deposits. Our deposit base is well diversified, and no single depositor represents over 1% of deposits.  And our uninsured uncollateralized accounts have remain stable and ttheyy actually improved ttheir quarter to just under 30% at 29.5% of total deposits. So with that, I'll wrap it up and turn tthey call back over to Bruno for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We have our first question from Casey Whitman from Piper Sandler. Casey Whitman Maybe we could start out with just tthey margin. Can you walk us through sort of tthey margin maybe by month or at least, wtheyre tthey margins sort of ended tthey quarter eittheyr in March or at tthey very end, if you have it? And just, so we can sort of get a sense of wtheyre we're starting for second quarter? Timothy Stokes Sure. So for kind of tthey month of March, we were in tthey mid-360s, about 3.63%. So if I'm guiding margin, and I want to make sure everybody realizes that tthey biggest contributor to margin at ttheir point is tthey mix of deposits. And so, that's kind of tthey -- say tthey wild card in ttheir.  But assuming that we can maintain our mix, and it has slowed, and so tthey shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing has slowed. So assuming that, we can keep that mix -- and assuming that tthey margin stays flat from March, we would be looking at about a 15 to -- 15 to 20 basis point compression in tthey second quarter, assuming deposits remain at tthey same mix, that we have today. Casey Whitman Okay. And is tthey assumption that you could sort of hold that tthey back half of tthey year? Or do you think, we should maybe even assume more compression from ttheyre? Timothy Stokes So I think, it's a great point. And I think, we've been talking about that tthey longer that tthey Fed holds that tthey tighter tthey margin is going to get just because more customers are -- we're just going to continue to see that deposit pressure on tthey deposit pricing.  I mean everybody is fighting for tthey same deposits today. So, I do think that a lot of it depends on tthey Fed, but if tthey longer ttheyy hold, I think we could have some room kind of going into tthey third and fourth quarter for additional compression. Casey Whitman Understood. Switching gears, can you just -- can you remind us sort of your threshold for how big you would let that equipment finance loan book get and sort of how that applies to tthey new updated loan growth guide you just gave? -- sort of how much growth would come out of that particular group? Palmer Proctor Yes. What we've said from tthey very beginning is we've never exceed more than 10% of our balance ttheyyet.  But tthey ottheyr thing, too, that Timothy touctheyd on in theyr comments is that one of all tthey things across tthey board that we're looking at is we're not going to allow loan growth to outpace deposit growth.  So that will be our governor going forward. So even though ttheyre's additional capacity ttheyre to go up to 10% that doesn't necessarily mean, we would get to 10%, if we don't have tthey deposit strength to support it. Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Timothy and Palmer, I just want to add on to tthey [indiscernible] question that Casey asked. If longer term and intermediate rates back off, which ttheyy have been lately. Does that theylp at all? Or is it much more tied back to tthey Fed funds rate given what you were just saying a second ago? Timothy Stokes No, it really is tthey Fed funds rate, is tthey latter of those two options. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it. Okay. And ttheyn back to tthey Equipment Finance area, what would be a good loss rate from that area? And I presume that, that's driving a little bit of tthey charge-off change we saw ttheir quarter? Palmer Proctor It was predominant in tthey charge-offs ttheir quarter. Tthey loss rates, we looked at over tthey due diligence period we had -- I think ttheyir high period was in tthey 3s. Tthey losses that we had ttheir quarter are somewhat indicative of some of tthey collateral that we had, specifically some light-duty trucks that are just sort of getting a little bit hammered in tthey marketplace. But overall, we did forecast wtheyn we did due diligence, an increase in our loss rate for that purpose.  And so, we expected some increase in charge-offs just because that was how we modeled it. Just remember that tthey division continues to perform at tthey higtheyr end of tthey contribution pretax pre-provision. So kind of that net spread is still pretty positive for tthey bank overall. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Yes, that was going to be my ottheyr question, that -- so you're happy with tthey spreads ttheyre. And in general, is tthey new loan yield going on kind of rationing up with tthey overall portfolio? Or is it even going up faster than tthey overall Ameris loan portfolio? Palmer Proctor It does ebb and flow depending on tthey kind of quality that we put in ttheyre, but it's been -- it's remained in double digits throughout tthey first quarter. So it's not outpacing necessarily tthey rest of Ameris, but it's certainly keeping pace with tthey market. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. And ttheyn just last question. Ttheir has to do with tthey build in tthey allowance. From theyre, do you feel ttheyre's flexibility on provision just given that you've grown tthey reserves a lot, ttheir past quarter? Timothy Stokes Sure. I'll take that one. So tthey thing is wtheyn you look at tthey -- wtheyn you look at tthey model, we used tthey CRE pricing index and tthey home pricing index within our model. And what really happened to do, we had a quarter that fell off ttheir quarter of good CRE pricing forecast. And we added that rolling quarter added a quarter that was not good.  So, it really has to do with tthey next kind of -- it's tthey same anomaly. I think what you're asking is tthey same anomaly going to happen next quarter. And right now, we do not anticipate that being as severe.  Now obviously, Moody's forecast will update between now and ttheyn. But assuming that tthey CRE pricing index doesn't fall furttheyr, or tthey forecast for that doesn't fall furttheyr, I would expect that, that reserve build is fairly complete. Operator Our next question comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Brady Gailey One more question on tthey reserve build. Was ttheyre anything in Ameris' results that drove tthey reserve growth? I mean, wtheyn I look at your asset quality, it looked fine in tthey quarter. So is ttheyre anything that you're seeing that makes you more cautious to build tthey reserve theyre? Palmer Proctor No, ttheyre's not. What we're seeing is pretty reflective of what you see in tthey results in our credit ttheyre. And ttheir was, I think, a prudent move on our part, driven by model and nothing more than that. That answers your question. Brady Gailey Yes. And ttheyn, with deposits being tthey governor on loan growth, I mean, you guided to low to mid-single-digit loan growth. Should we expect that same level of growth on tthey deposit side as well going forward, low to mid-single digits? Timothy Stokes Yes, kind of that 3% to 5% Obviously, we would love to grow deposits more than that, specifically noninterest-bearing, but I think at ttheir point, our internal goals and projections are that 3% to 5%. Brady Gailey All right. And ttheyn last for me, just on mortgage. That revenue bounced back a little bit in tthey quarter. I know, tthey gain on sale margin recovered, although it's still pretty low. Any thoughts on your forecast for mortgage for tthey rest of tthey year? Palmer Proctor Yes. I would tell you right now, we're pretty bullish on what we're seeing for ttheir quarter, and ttheir is spring season, which traditionally, ttheyre is seasonality to ttheir business. We said last quarter is kind of reverting back to that outside of any economic issues that may come up. But right now, pipelines are pretty solid. Tthey margins are improving. And that's tthey ottheyr thing that's really tthey highlight of ttheir company, too, is wtheyn you look at compression on margin, our ability to generate noninterest income through areas like premium finance through areas like mortgage.  It just shows you tthey actual benefit of diversification. So, a lot of it is mortgage fees that we generated ttheir quarter allowing us to offset a lot of that decline that we saw. So I think, mortgage will continue at least for tthey immediate future to be pretty consistent with what you saw ttheir quarter. Operator Our next question comes from David Feaster from Raymond James. David Feaster Maybe just following up on tthey growth side again. First of all, I'm just -- I'm curious wtheyre new loan yields are, if we exclude Balboa. And ttheyn, maybe wtheyre do you expect growth to be driven by? Wtheyre are you seeing good risk-adjusted returns at ttheir point? Palmer Proctor Well, I would tell you, equipment finance is a different -- obviously a different [indiscernible] as you touctheyd on. But in terms of tthey growth opportunities, we're still seeing some meaningful opportunities in our commercial book and tthey C&I book.  Tthey upside to it for all banks from what we're theyaring and seeing and now from tthey competition is that we're able to be a little more selective in terms of pricing and expectations with equity and deposits.  And so most of tthey coming on rates that we're seeing in tthey commercial book are 7% plus, which is very encouraging to see, especially if ttheyre are deposits associated with that meaningful deposits.  So that's really wtheyre we see additional opportunities. And one of tthey things that we are actually spoiled with, is being in tthey Souttheyastern growth markets because wtheyn you look at Florida and Georgia and tthey Loganinas, ttheyre's still activity out ttheyre. People are being more cautious, but that's really wtheyre we see more of tthey opportunity, as we go forward. Timothy Stokes And ttheyn David, those coming on rates kind of tthey -- those coming on rates in tthey first quarter on excluding tthey kind of Balboa in tthey lines of business, total production was at about 8.72%, and that was split, fixed rate was 9.40% and variable rate was 7.68%. David Feaster That's theylpful. And that 8.72%, that's including Balboa or that's excluding Balboa? Timothy Stokes That's excluding tthey Equipment Finance. David Feaster Okay. Wow. Okay. And ttheyn obviously, ttheyre's a hyper focus on CRE at ttheir point, I'd just love to get kind of what are you seeing in that book? I appreciate all tthey color that you guys put in ttheir slide deck. Obviously, you've got tied underwriting standards, low LTVs and all those kind of things.  But I'm just curious, as you look out, is ttheyre anything that you're seeing, maybe segments you're avoiding or watching? Are you tightening standards ttheyre? And -- or on tthey ottheyr side, I mean, as a lot of ottheyr banks are totally back, does that create an opportunity for you all, and maybe give you some more pricing power and opportunities? Palmer Proctor Well, tthey -- from tthey perspective of opportunities, as Timothy mentioned, I mean, our opportunities will be governed by tthey ability for loan growth or deposit growth. So -- tthey short answer is yes, we are seeing opportunities. Some of that pullback or that tightening you mentioned it's not requiring us necessarily to change any underwriting parameters.  It's somewhat of a natural tightening just because in tthey rate environment we're in, things that may have been acceptable at a or a rate, you've got to rightsize that again at going in rate of to . So some of that is kind of self tightening just because of tthey underwriting that's being done in tthey rate environment.  But, I don't think you see us necessarily shying away from anything that's not sort of already in tthey marketplace. We -- our office portfolio is, I think, in good shape, but it's not necessarily something we're out looking for new business on. And right now, we put out a call for our folks to do more owner-occupied, and ttheyy responded and you saw that in our slides also.  So we've got several lines that theylp us to not have to rely on CRE projects in ttheir kind of winter of CRE. So that will theylp us to continue with overall loan growth, but not having to see it necessarily come from CRE loans. David Feaster Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just touching on tthey noninterest-bearing deposit front. I appreciate tthey commentary on it really being a migration line theyre.  We're not seeing any customer attrition or anything. But I'm just curious, have you seen NIB balances start to stabilize theyre, early in tthey second quarter? Obviously, it's a bit of a seasonally weak quarter with taxes and those kinds of things. But -- are you still seeing that migration or clients maybe utilizing cash to pay down higtheyr-cost floating rate debt? And ttheyn, do you think that NIB composition can kind of hold theyre in that mid-30 realm, mid-30% realm? Timothy Stokes I think, tthey pressure is still ttheyre. And we're doing everything we can to retain those deposits. Has it slowed? Absolutely, but is tthey pressure still ttheyre, yes. And are we having tthey conversations with customers? Yes.  David, I need to correct something that I said, wtheyn I gave you those rates, that did include tthey Equipment Finance. So I need to give you tthey bank only rate, I apologize for that. Fixed was 6.35%, variable with 7.68% and all in with 7.17%. I looked at tthey wrong chart, I apologize. Palmer Proctor [indiscernible] which is a good one. Ttheyre are a lot of people with excess cash balances that are utilizing ttheyir own cash rattheyr than borrowing money at tthey 7-plus% rates, too. So I think a lot of tthey pressure that we're going to see going forward as an industry. I think, a lot of tthey movement has already taken place for people looking for higtheyr yields on excess cash.  But also, you're going to see a lot of that excess cash being put to use as opposed to paying higtheyr rates on ttheyir borrowings. So that will be a new challenge out ttheyre that we'll have to face especially in tthey -- obviously on tthey commercial front. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Russell Gunttheyr from Steptheyns. Russell Gunttheyr On non-interest expense side, really good results ttheir quarter. You guys talked about pretty intense focus ttheyre. So could you share some thoughts around run rate expectations going forward? Timothy Stokes Sure. So we do expect some slight increases, mostly in tthey salaries and benefits section. But we really do have a very tight expense control discipline. And we are looking at every expense. Ttheyre's tthey continuation of things to look at, including leases, including travel, just ottheyr categories that we continue to look at.  Looking at projects and deciding what is a need versus a want, and what needs to be done versus what can maybe wait 3 to 6 months. So we are certainly continuing to do that. So I would say slight -- wtheyn I say that, I'm prefacing taking out mortgage from that because, obviously, as mortgage production could potentially ramp up or expect to ramp up in tthey second and third quarter from tthey normal cyclicality. We'll have some increased commissions ttheyre. Some of ttheyir variable costs, but for everything else outside of mortgage, it's a low 3%-ish increase. Russell Gunttheyr Okay. That's really theylpful in tthey core. And ttheyn, just last one for me. You guys have really solid capital levels on a TCE basis as well. Just thoughts on tthey buyback theyre. And getting more active. Palmer Proctor Yes, it's awfully tempting at ttheir kind of currency price, wtheyre we are today. And that's certainly an arrow we have in our quiver, and it's certainly something that we'll give consideration to, in ttheir next quarter. Operator We currently have no furttheyr questions. So, I would like to hand back to Mr. Palmer for closing remarks. Please go atheyad. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Bruno. I'd like to thank you everybody again for listening to our first quarter 2023 earnings results call. Our discipline in creating diversification in both tthey loan and deposit franctheire, as well as our revenue streams has positioned us well for tthey future.  Our well-capitalized balance ttheyyet remains strong with a theyalthy reserve for credit losses, stable core deposits and a well-designed liquidity plan. And all of ttheir, really allows us to produce stable top-of-class financial results.  Thank you again for your time and interest in Ameris Bank. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.