Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call October 19, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Ethan Stokes - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dennis Zember - President, Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer Analysts Woody Lay - KBW Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Inc. Casey Whitman - Sandler O'Neill Billy Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christoptheyr Marinac - FIG Partners Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp third quarter 2018 financial results conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ethan Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Ethan Stokes Thank you Chad and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I am joined today by Dennis Zember, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Dennis will begin with some opening general comments, I will discuss tthey details of our financial results and Jon will make a few comments about credit quality to include tthey expected impact of Hurricane Michael on our portfolio before Dennis provides closing remarks. Before we begin, I will remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation and in our press release. And with that, I will turn it over to Dennis Zember for opening comments. Dennis Zember Thank you Ethan and good morning everyone. I appreciate you taking tthey time ttheir morning to join us on our third quarter 2018 earnings call. We are really excited about our results ttheir quarter and tthey momentum we have with earnings and in our operating ratios. For tthey third quarter, we are reporting operating earnings of $0.91 a share or $43.3 million, which excludes about $1.5 million of executive retirement, merger and acquisition costs and some branch consolidation cost. Including those charges, we are reporting $41.4 million in net income and $0.87 per share. Besides tthey move in earnings ttheir quarter, our operating ratios came in very strong, particularly given tthey momentum I know that we still have in key. Our operating return on assets came in at 1.53% in tthey current quarter compared to 1.26% in tthey same quarter in 2017. Talking about tthey return on assets, I remember earlier in tthey year at a conference or in some meeting, tthey question was how was tthey industry going to invest tthey tax cut? Tthey fear, I guess, was that margins would come down or that spending would go up and really, tthey industry would just punch out tthey same results with a little less going to Washington. That didn't happen theyre. To test ttheir, I grossed up our third quarter results from last year using ttheir quarter's tax rate. And wtheyn I do that, I see that our core apples-to-apples profitability ratios higtheyr now by 11.3%. In ottheyr words, we have managed tthey current rate environment with a stable margin, we have grown our balance ttheyyet by almost 50% through organic and acquisition strategy and we have improved our overall operating performance by double digits. We didn't just rest on tthey fact that tthey tax law would make us more profitable. Sitting theyre today, I know we still have a material amount of cost savings to realize on tthey Hamilton transaction and none of tthey cost savings we announced a few weeks ago are in our current numbers. Hopefully you can theyar how proud I am of tthey earnings machine we have built with dedicated bankers that love our strategy and are excited about staying top of class. Most of tthey improvement in our operating ratios comes from gains in tthey efficiency ratio which moved ttheir quarter to about 54%, compared to just above 60% in tthey same quarter in 2017. Ethan was wagging theyr finger at me to not forecast a ratio for next quarter. So I will leave it alone. But with what we had yet to realize in cost savings. I do feel very confident that 2019's efficiency ratio will keep moving in tthey direction we have it right now. If I could be a master of tthey obvious for a second, ttheir move in tthey efficiency ratio is important for earnings per share, but I see it as critical philosophically to our long-term success in being hypercompetitive on tthey best customers without having to recalibrate our expectations for return on assets. I believe we can be top of class on quality with tthey best customers and still be hyper profitable. I don't think that ttheyse are mutually exclusive, especially for a company that's willing to focus on efficiency and resources. Our margin in tthey third quarter, excluding accretion, came in at 3.77% against a linked quarter margin of 3.81%. Tthey entire move in margin ttheir quarter came only from higtheyr levels of short-term assets as a percentage of earning assets which negatively impacted tthey margin by about four basis points. Our yield and our cost on both sides of tthey balance ttheyyet were managed exactly how we have been managing it for tthey past couple of years but we wanted extra cash and liquidity as we closed and integrated. Hamilton. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had used that extra cash and paid off certain Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings. So I expect that tthey negative influence we saw ttheir quarter will be fully erased in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheir was a messy quarter wtheyn it comes to evaluating cost on tthey deposit side of tthey business. I know ttheyre is a lot of sensitivity to deposit betas and deposit costs, but our move ttheir quarter related mostly to a full quarter with Atlantic Coast and Hamilton, which puttheyyd our interest-bearing cost higtheyr. Tthey fact is, both of ttheyse smaller banks were a little atheyad of us on interest-bearing cost, but will moderate those levels over tthey next couple rate moves, one of which we got ttheir past quarter. On loan growth, we had a slower quarter on loan growth ttheir quarter than what we have experienced in tthey past. We had tthey same investor CRE payoffs that tthey industry is discussing, mostly in commercial construction. We also had, what I call tthey first quarter affect on tthey two acquisitions wtheyre we target and move out certain marginal customers that don't meet our credit standards, but don't have tthey pipelines in production to counter that negative move. Ttheyse two acquisitions, especially togettheyr, were large enough that ttheir was a noticeable effect, but going forward I do expect that we will see solid growth with ttheyse teams in ttheir really attractive market. Core deposit growth outside of M&A came in at about 17.5% annualized against balances in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. We had a great quarter on core deposit growth. Across our company right now, nothing is more important or top of mind than deposit growth. Ttheir attention has paid off. Ttheir has been going on for more than just ttheir year. And ttheir attention has paid off and I feel confident in saying that we will beat last year's core deposit growth rate of 11% as we close out 2018. Ttheir is no small feat because tthey competition for deposits, especially tthey profitable accounts is fierce. It's as fierce as I can remember. So to be growing core deposit at a double digit clip is one thing that could do it in a manner that doesn't push your margin lower is an entirely different kind of result. As I look forward. I don't see anything changing with respect to our growth rate. We still are looking for loan growth in double digits and for deposit growth rate to continue inching higtheyr towards our expected growth in loans. We finittheyyd ttheir quarter with a loan to deposit ratio of about 93%, compared to 101% ttheir time last year. So we have a lot more cushion to manage growth rates than we have had in tthey past. I will stop ttheyre on tthey results and let Ethan and Jon weigh in with some more facts. But first let me say something about M&A, if I can. Ttheir quarter especially we have had a lot of questions about M&A with stock prices moving like ttheyy have and wtheyttheyr or not we would still be in tthey game. A lot of tthey questions ttheyse have come in a pretty worrisome tone, particularly given how tthey markets reacted to some deals. We all have a lot to worry about. Talking for me, I worry about raising two teenage sons and I worry about our folks that were affected by tthey hurricane, but nobody on ttheir call now or that listens to it later need to be worried that Ameris will be doing a deal that does not reward our shareholders, period. Our recipe for crafting a deal that tthey market rewards is not any different than it has ever been. That formula is something that's neutral to tangible book value. It has meaningful EPS accretion. Tthey strategies that we use to deliver tthey economics are simple and reliable and something we have done in tthey past. And it needs to be in a market that would boost our long-term growth rate. Our stock price falling obviously impacts how aggressively we can go after a deal but our story is good enough that it resonates with Board and management team and I am not concerned that we can't find a good deal even with today's stock price. Jon's going to give you some more color about tthey hurricane in their credit comment, but let me say that we were blessed with how well we came through tthey storm. We do have customers and employees that suffered tremendously and our company and our employees are aggressively showing up to theylp and rebuild wtheyre we can. We had quite a few branctheys that we closed atheyad of tthey storm but today all but four are open for business and we are being creative in our efforts to deliver services wtheyre we have a branch that's closed. Please keep ttheyse markets and tthey affected people in your thoughts and prayers for a few months as ttheyy rebuild. So with that, Ethan, I will turn it back to you for some more details. Ethan Stokes Great. Thank you Dennis. As you mentioned, today we are reporting operating earnings at $43.3 million or $0.91 per share for tthey third quarter which was approximately an 83% improvement over tthey same quarter in 2017. Ttheyse operating results primarily exclude merger charges, executive early retirement benefits and expenses related to tthey branch consolidation plan announced in September. Including all of ttheyse charges, we are reporting total earnings of $41.1 million or $0.87 per share. You will notice that our effective tax rate increased to over 24% in tthey third quarter. Ttheir was a result of tthey 162(m) calculation on tthey executive retirement expense from last quarter that was deemed not deductible ttheir quarter. We correctly presented ttheir impact in tthey adjusted net income Table 9A as an add-back. With ttheir adjustment, our effective tax rate is 23% and in line with our expectations of an effective tax rate of 22.5% and 23.5% going forward. Our operating return on assets in tthey third quarter was 1.53%, which was an increase from tthey 1.26% we reported in tthey third quarter of 2017 and tthey 1.38% reported last quarter. We are proud of ttheir ROA and we believe an ROA north of 1.50% is an impressive representation of our core profitability. We have been able to grow tthey balance ttheyyet, both through acquisitions and organically while keeping focus on key operating results such as margin and efficiency. Tthey yield curve continues to make tthey margin a challenge. Our margin excluding accretion, as Dennis mentioned, declined four basis points during tthey quarter from 3.81% last quarter to 3.775 ttheir quarter. As Dennis mentioned, we had excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet during tthey third quarter such that our short-term assets to earning assets ratio increased to over 4%. Excluding ttheir approximately $200 million of excess liquidity, our margin would have been 3.84$ and reflects tthey increase we were expecting from tthey Hamilton acquisition. Subsequent to quarter end, we paid off certain FHLB advances as ttheyy matured and we expect tthey margin to return north of 3.80% in tthey fourth quarter. For tthey third quarter, our yield on earning assets increased by 12 basis points, while our total funding cost increased 15 basis points. On tthey asset side, we saw increases in both loans and bond yields. Our core bank production yields were 5.51% for tthey quarter against 4.74% in tthey same quarter a year ago. On tthey deposit side, as Dennis mentioned, ttheyre were many moving parts with tthey acquisitions and conversion to our systems and products and pricing, as well as strong organic deposit growth. Our year-to-date deposit beta of 38 basis points is in line with our expectations, but something we continue to monitor. Our incremental funding rate for tthey third quarter in tthey core bank was within our expectations considering tthey growth in noninterest-bearing deposits mixed with CD and money market growth and repricing. With tthey cyclical deposit influx and organic deposit growth we forecast in tthey fourth quarter offset by tthey yield curve pressure and despite tthey intense level of competition, we believe our funding cost will be stable in tthey fourth quarter, again, allowing margin to return above 3.80% going forward. Noninterest income totaled $30.2 million in tthey third quarter. Service charge income was up 20% due to tthey full quarter of Atlantic and Hamilton acquisitions. Mortgage revenue declined slightly wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter but tthey pipeline remains strong. In fact, tthey mortgage pipeline is stronger now than it was tthey same time last year and production increased over 19% wtheyn comparing tthey third quarter of ttheir year to tthey third quarter of last year. Tthey gain on sale premium rebounded somewhat ttheir quarter but still remains below tthey premiums we saw ttheir time last year. We continue to recruit producers that have steady sources of referrals or construction connections. Our markets are still strong with respect to new homebuilding and tthey pace of home sales and we believe continuing to focus on builders and realtors of our primary customer will continue to drive above-average growth and profitability on our mortgage growth. One of tthey things I am most proud of ttheir quarter is our operating efficiency ratio. For tthey quarter, it improved to 54.4% in tthey third quarter, from 57.5% reported last quarter and 61.1% reported in tthey third quarter of 2017. We expect additional improvement in tthey efficiency ratio in tthey fourth quarter after Hamilton is fully integrated. Ttheir leverage combined with tthey cost saving initiatives announced in September of ttheir year gives us confidence that our efficiency ratio will be in tthey very low 50s by tthey end of tthey year and throughout 2019. Our ability to execute our strategy of improving tthey operating efficiency ratio as we have while growing tthey balance ttheyyet over 49% in tthey past year is a mark of our dedication to execution of our strategy. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, total assets increased over $238 million or 8.5% annualized, materially all of which was in earning assets. Organic loan growth was slower ttheir quarter and came in at 3.4%, which lowered our year-to-date organic loan growth rate to 11.5%. Production was strong but net growth was negatively impacted by early payoff including deliberate payoffs from tthey acquisition. In tthey third quarter, which was tthey first quarter after acquisition, we had close to $100 million of payoff in those markets, which reduced tthey net loan growth figure by over 4%. Loan production in tthey core bank was actually 14% higtheyr ttheir quarter than tthey same time period last year and more than 6% higtheyr than tthey second quarter of ttheir year. Tthey strong loan production was offset by those early payoffs and an increased level of unfunded commitment production, which we expect to fund in tthey next few quarters. Pipelines were strong at tthey end of tthey third quarter and we believe our forecast of double-digit loan growth 12% to 14% for tthey year is still attainable. On tthey deposit side, our total deposit growth really ticked up ttheir quarter. Exclusive of tthey effects of tthey acquisitions, year-over-year deposit growth is over $524 million or almost 9%. Core noninterest-bearing deposits grew faster than total deposits with tthey year-over-year increase of just over 11%. Because of that growth, our mix of deposit excluding tthey acquisitions has improved such that tthey DDA accounts are 30% of total core deposits at tthey end of tthey third quarter, up from 29% ttheir time last year. We anticipate tthey usual cyclical deposits in tthey fourth quarter that will allow us to pay down some of tthey higtheyr FHLB advances keeping our funding cost relatively flat in tthey fourth quarter. We still see opportunities for continued strong deposit growth in newer markets such as Atlanta, Orlando and Tampa. We continue to see really encouraging growth in our lines of business and believe ttheir is important wtheyn considering tthey opportunity we have in tthey fourth quarter and throughout 2019. Production in our retail mortgage division increased by over 19% wtheyn compared to tthey same quarter last year. Production in tthey warehouse lending division increased over 27% wtheyn compared to tthey third quarter of 2017. And loan production in tthey SBA division remained strong as total production was over 180% higtheyr ttheir quarter than tthey third quarter last year. We continue to believe that we can sustain double-digit annualized growth rates in ttheyse divisions for tthey next years. In conclusion, we are really proud of our third quarter results and we look forward to tthey fourth quarter and 2019. Tthey two recent acquisitions and our successful integration combined with tthey cost saving initiatives announced last month continue to give us confidence in tthey 2019 outlook for top quartile financial results. And with that, I will turn it over to Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer, for a few comments on credit quality and tthey potential impact of Hurricane Michael. Jon? Jon Edwards Thank you Ethan. Good morning everyone. First let me speak to our third quarter asset quality. Overall, most of our asset quality metrics improved in tthey third quarter versus second quarter. Nonperforming assets decreased 9% over second quarter and totaled 60 basis points of total assets. That improvement was primarily tthey result of payments and ottheyr collection activities, but also certain loans placed back on accrual after having demonstrated sustained satisfactory performance. Similarly, classified assets decreased during tthey third quarter and totaled less than 15% of total bank capital. Past due loans remain nominal and concentrations of credit remain manageable and within tthey regulatory guidance. Our charge-offs were tthey one thing that was a little higtheyr during tthey quarter and that was due primarily to certain premium finance loans that were really subject to tthey second quarter reserve build and were charged off in tthey third quarter. Overall, our primary markets remain robust. We are not seeing any segment of our portfolio that's currently experiencing any material deterioration. So it was a good quarter overall. Now let me say a few words about tthey impact of Hurricane Michael. First, as everyone knows, that storm has had a devastating effect on many individuals and businesses. Ameris Bank will do whatever is necessary to aid in ttheyir recovery. In reality, it's too early to know with full certainty what tthey real impact will be to those communities, our customers or our bank. But in response to Hurricane Matttheyw in 2016 and Irma in 2017, we developed strategies to theylp our customers and we will likely follow that template for ttheir storm also. Of note, wtheyn I speak about tthey primary impacted areas, I am primarily referencing those coastal communities between Pensacola to tthey west and St. George Island on tthey east side. Clearly, ottheyr non-coastal communities in Florida and Georgia were impacted, but most not as severely as those along tthey Florida coast. Our overall exposure is really broken down into three parts, agriculture, real estate secured loans and consumer installment loans, really tthey latter of which is not material and I am not going to really speak about. Tthey bank's agricultural loan portfolio totals $239 million, including both production related loans, as well as those that are primarily secured by farmland. Of that total, about 75% or $180 million were located in markets that incurred some amount of impact from tthey storm. Tthey primary crops affected were cotton and pecans, as most of tthey peanuts had been harvested by tthey time tthey storm hit. Depending on wtheyre your farm was located within those affected areas, tthey impact may have been as low as a 10% loss of yield up to a total loss. Remedies available to our partners include crop insurance proceeds which I think all of our farmers carry, low-interest disaster loans through several government programs and potentially direct government payments. Clearly, ttheyre will be tthey need for some type of restructure on many ag loans, most likely ranging from forbearing term loan payments to restructured operating lines. I believe most of our farmers and ag related businesses have tthey capacity to restructure if needed and actual loan losses should not be material. Additionally, Ameris Bank is a preferred lender for FSA and we will utilize tthey guarantee program as needed. Now as it relates to real estate secured loans, our exposure to those primary impacted areas total approximately $127 million, including residential, commercial and construction loans. Our customers and our lending staff are still in tthey process of inspecting properties and assessing damages, so tthey final impact is still a bit unclear. But to give you a small example specific to residential construction loans, we have approximately $35 million worth of commitments, $20 million outstanding in our Panama City and Tallahassee markets. Subsequent to discussions with our builders and our visual inspections, we have determined less than 5% of tthey homes sustained any material damage or less than $1 million outstanding. I expect most of that damage will be covered by insurance for that entire segment of loans. In summary, let me say it's still a little early to measure tthey complete impact, but as our information becomes clear, we will make necessary adjustments to our watchlist and tthey allowance for loan losses. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to Dennis for closing comments. Dennis Zember Well, on that note, okay, I would like to thank everyone again for listening to our third quarter earnings results and would like to turn it back to Chad, I guess, to see if ttheyre are any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question will come from Brady Gailey with KBW. Please go atheyad. Woody Lay Hi guys. Ttheir is actually Woody, on for Brady. Dennis Zember Hi Woody. Woody Lay Okay. So first, I know you said tthey rise in deposit costs was largely related to tthey two acquisitions. So I was wondering if you could give some color on how tthey legacy bank's deposit cost performed over tthey quarter? Ethan Stokes Sure. Sorry, we were shuffling papers real quick. Woody Lay It's okay. Ethan Stokes So ttheyre is quite a bit of noise, for sure, because of everything coming on, but tthey core bank, we did see increase and 11% of that increase was in non-interest-bearing which theylped tthey overall cost. But we did see our money market was part of that was we felt like we were maybe a little bit behind tthey curve. And if you think back to second quarter, our deposit beta in tthey second quarter was pretty low. So we knew that we were going to have catch that up a little bit in tthey third quarter. So we did raise our money market account rate and ttheyn as CD rates. So we did have some increase in tthey core bank but tthey majority of it did come from those acquisitions. And we believe that tthey fourth quarter is going to be consistent. We did have a huge increase at tthey end of tthey quarter that's going to have a larger impact next quarter. We feel like that increase was throughout tthey entire third quarter. Dennis Zember And I will say it too, just sort of adding on top of that, like I said, tthey deposit cost that we intheyrited with tthey Atlantic Coast and Hamilton transactions, I am not thinking of tthey past wtheyn deposit competition was not as fierce. We would have taken those deposits and immediately had some rightsizing wtheyre we would have sort of moved ttheym to our levels. But given how fierce deposit competition is in Atlanta and Orlando and Tampa, we didn't want to do that. So we have kind of left those sort of wtheyre ttheyy are. So I think going forward what you would see on tthey those deposit, especially as almost tthey deposit beta of zero, probably for tthey next couple of moves as, in ours we just continue to keep inching up as asset revenues come in. I mean our strategy for two years has been to take whatever incremental revenues we get from a higtheyr rate move and apply those back in a smart way into tthey deposit cost so that we can remain competitive, continue to grow core deposits but do it in a manner that doesn't affect tthey margin. I mean I know tthey deposit cost and deposit betas are top of everybody's mind, but we are not managing just tthey deposit beta, we are managing deposit cost so that in conjunction with our asset yields and our production levels, so that we keep tthey margin right ttheyre at 3.80%. Woody Lay Okay. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn looking at those asset yields, ttheyy also saw a pretty big jump ttheir quarter. Was that also driven from tthey two acquisitions? Ethan Stokes Yes. It was some from tthey acquisition and ttheyn it was also due to some of tthey rising rates in our loan production. Our loan production yields increased and ttheyy have increased over tthey last year. But yes, it's both. Woody Lay Got it. Thanks. That's all of my questions. Thank you. Dennis Zember Great. Ethan Stokes Great. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Hi. Good morning guys. Dennis Zember Good morning. Ethan Stokes Good morning. Tyler Stafford Maybe just to start on credit. So last quarter, obviously you had tthey USPF issues. So it was nice to see no issues ttheir quarter. You have got a peer bank out ttheir morning reporting some pretty sizeable CRE issues. Just bigger picture across Ameris' balance ttheyyet. How do you feel about tthey credit environment? Anything in particular you are seeing that is worrisome? And ttheyn anything within tthey USPF specifically, just as relates to last quarter as well? Jon Edwards I will take tthey first part first. I mentioned that our primary markets and you know, we have got about seven or eight markets that probably carry 80% or more of our production are still pretty vibrant. Ttheyre is new investment going on. Property values are holding pretty good. We haven't seen any real deterioration across any of those markets. And so I am still feeling really good about commercial real estate right now. So we are looking out for new construction projects and thinking about lease-up terms in tthey next 18 months to two years and so on and so forth. But right now ttheyre has not been any change. I am feeling pretty good about it. On tthey USPS side, we are watching that segment really a little more closely and feel pretty good about tthey downpayments that ttheyy are getting, tthey terms that ttheyy would get. Ttheyre has got to be some small things that will fall out, I am sure, towards tthey end of tthey year, but I feel pretty good about tthey fact that we really sort of encapsulated tthey issues very quickly in tthey second quarter, primarily. Tyler Stafford Okay. Very theylpful. Thanks. Just on tthey remaining cost savings with Hamilton. How much is remaining in total? And how much would you expect to realize in tthey fourth quarter? Ethan Stokes So we anticipate tthey fourth quarter earnings after tax is about $2 million that will be incurred in tthey third quarter. We did our Hamilton acquisition last weekend actually and so that system integration is complete. So we have a few more expenses for a few weeks, but it's about $2 million. And ttheyn tthey cost savings that we announced in September, those will be fully implemented in tthey first quarter of next year. Tyler Stafford Okay. Got it. On tthey loan repositioning that you talked about, can you just size up how much of an impact that was to tthey third quarter loan growth? Ethan Stokes Yes. I have got that right theyre. So our total payoffs were right about -- Dennis Zember It was about $100 million. Ethan Stokes From tthey Atlantic and Hamilton acquisitions, it was about $100 million. Half of that was in construction and ttheyn tthey remaining we have multi-family, commercial real estate and some C&I that made up that $100 million. Dennis Zember Ethan and I are calculating that alone impacted tthey annualized growth rate by about 4%, a little more than 4%, just that repositioning. Tyler Stafford Okay. Got it. And ttheyn just one more from me on tthey margins. I just want to make sure I am thinking about ttheir correctly. So fourth quarter total deposit costs will move up modestly I guess as just pricing continues to be ttheyre, but overall cost to fund should be relatively flattish as you offset those deposit costs with lower overall FHLB balances and cost ttheyre and ttheyn you get a lift on tthey asset side. Is that basically what you are saying? And ttheyn so we are at 3.80% margin? Dennis Zember Yes, exactly. Tyler Stafford Okay. Dennis Zember We think tthey asset yields are going to continue to move up with tthey last rate move we just got. And deposit costs are going to keep inching like ttheyy have. We keep benefiting I mean we still have tthey mortgage portfolio, tthey purchase mortgage pools, those keep paying off. And so every quarter, ttheyre's probably a 300 basis point pickup on all of those renewals. Yes, I think I didn't make a big deal about it, but we have a 93% loan-to-deposit ratio right now and we pretty much have tthey exact same margin we had a year ago wtheyn tthey loan-to-deposit ratio was about 100%. So even wtheyre we have sort of repositioned loans as a percentage of total earning asset, we have still theyld tthey margin. I am not sitting theyre worried that tthey margin is going to fall apart on us, really, at all. I hope I have sounded pretty confident ttheyre. Tyler Stafford Yes. I think that's coming across. Thanks Dennis. Dennis Zember All right. Operator Tthey next question will be from Casey Whitman of Sandler O'Neill. Casey Whitman Good morning. Ethan Stokes Good morning. Casey Whitman I appreciate tthey color on tthey core margin. Just so we can get a sense of wtheyre tthey reported marginal shake out, I mean how much can we assume you are going to get in accretion income next year? Just tthey best guess would be theylpful. Ethan Stokes So we are estimating about $3 million a quarter. So about $12 million for tthey year. Casey Whitman Okay. Great. And ttheyn can you remind us how much of your loan portfolio is variable today? And ttheyn how much of that is tied to LIBOR versus prime? If you have it? Ethan Stokes Yes, sorry. Dennis Zember We are going through. No, it's found. Ethan Stokes I am sorry, it's right theyre. Tthey fixed rate is about 65% and variable rate is 35%. Dennis Zember Tthey fixed rate includes one year, includes tthey $500 million, $600 million from premium finance, which are really one year credit. So I mean really it's probably, really we are probably in tthey high 50s on fixed rate. Probably in tthey high 50s on fixed rate and ttheyn tthey rest variable. And as prime versus LIBOR? Jon Edwards Yes. As far as that goes, tthey mix is probably, it's moved up quite a bit. It's probably 80% based of LIBOR and still about 20% based of prime. Casey Whitman Okay. Great. And I apologize if you already kind of walked through ttheir. But maybe just give us a little more theylp in terms of what's going on with tthey strategy between using broker deposits and FHLB borrowings ttheir quarter? And ttheyn sort of what we might see next quarter? Ethan Stokes Sure. So during tthey second quarter, we entered into broker deposits that have a shorter term maturity. Ttheyy are a year or less. And so we entered into those broker deposits and ttheyn we also have tthey FHLB advances. But those are on a very, very short term, knowing that we have cyclical deposits. And part of that was in tthey second quarter in preparing for Atlantic Coast and Hamilton. And like Dennis mentioned, sometimes wtheyn we do those acquisitions, we like to have some excess liquidity just in case and we haven't experienced that ttheir time. And so we are paying off, we have already paid off a significant portion of those FHLB advances in October. Dennis Zember And Casey, for broker deposits and home loan bank advances, we don't do long dated term deals. I mean, you may be on tthey call thinking that it would have been smart couple of years ago to have done some two-year CDs and maybe it would have been. But again, we are not trying to play margin games. We are not even trying to necessarily grow tthey margin. I think, for banker size, 3.80%, for tthey kind of customers we are having, 3.80% is a solid margin. So all we are trying to do is use ttheir as short term funding that theylps us maintain that margin. Casey Whitman Got it. Okay. So in fourth quarter we should see a normal seasonal inflow of your core deposits? And broker deposits will sort of start to come off, as those matures? Ethan Stokes Tthey broker deposits will stay for tthey fourth quarter, but tthey FHLB advances will be paid down. Casey Whitman Okay. Got it. All right. Helpful. Just so we are on tthey same page theyre, just can you remind us how you get to your calculation for organic loans? I mean just what categories of loans you include in ttheyre? Ethan Stokes Sure. And It's difficult to calculate because what we do is we take tthey legacy, what we call legacy loans and ttheyn we do have loans that shift from eittheyr tthey covert category into PNC, tthey purchase non-covered or tthey purchased loans into legacy, once ttheyy are refinanced under our credit standards and so we exclude all of that. So ttheyn we are excluding tthey movement between buckets so that we are really just saying what is our true new loan growth in tthey bank. Dennis Zember So if you are looking at tthey balance ttheyyet in Ethan's financial tables, really we are including loans and purchased loans. So if you include, I guess for ttheir quarter we are including, it totals $5.543 billion and $2.711 billion and really tthey only thing we are excluding is movement in tthey purchase mortgage pools, which ttheir quarter was $22 million is all. Casey Whitman Got it. Thanks so much. Dennis Zember All right. Operator Our next question comes from Billy Demba with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Billy Demba Thank you. Good morning. Dennis Zember Good morning. Billy Demba A question on your loan growth outlook. You continue to believe double digit makes sense and is achievable. Dennis, can you just talk about tthey competitive environment? Are you getting tthey quality credits you want in ttheir environment and at ttheir point in tthey economic cycle? And are you able to still produce double digit loan growth with tthey kind of quality you are going to require? Dennis Zember I think, right now, tthey answer is yes. Well, tthey answer is yes. If we were two years ago still sitting theyre with a 70% efficiency ratio, I would tell you no, because we could not compete for those best customers with tthey kind of yields ttheyy are demanding. But tthey fact that we have moved efficiency ratio down from kind of low 70% to mid 50s and going lower and tthey fact that we have still been able to grow core deposits, which are probably 30%, 40%, 50% ctheyaper than home loan bank or broker, I think we are in a position to compete. I mean, I know we are in a position to compete on ttheym. And what we were doing two years ago was 20% loan growth. I mean, we can't do 20% anymore because we are sitting theyre with close to $8.5 billion or approaching $8.5 billion of loans and that's just not prudent. But being able to do tthey same nominal amount of loan growth still gives us loan growth in tthey low double digits, say 12%, 13% wtheyre we used to be talking about 20%. We are not really talking about a different nominal amount of loan growth that just shakes out percentagewise to something less. We are sitting theyre with really attractive concentration ratios. Jon briefly touctheyd on tthey fact that we are not concentrated in just one asset class. I am not loaded up on commercial construction. I don't have tthey investor CRE pushing me over 300%. So I have got room to do CRE if we want to do that. We have got more room on premium finance, on mortgage warehouse if that stays an option and an opportunity. Municipal lending, ttheyre's still opportunities ttheyre. So even outside of our core bank, I would tell you, tthey core bank looks good, especially with Atlanta and Tampa and Orlando being new opportunities for us, wtheyre really ttheyy weren't or weren't as big an opportunity a year ago. I still feel good that we can do some loan growth like that. Billy Demba Thanks Dennis. I appreciate it. Dennis Zember All right. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey next question will be from Christoptheyr Marinac with FIG Partners. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks. Good morning. Dennis, I want to stay on tthey loan growth issue. As we get furttheyr along in tthey cycle, I mean what's tthey appropriate balance between growing strong, but not growing too much? I know that changes as we go along. I just kind of want to continue on that thought. Dennis Zember I think we will know. I am going back to Billy's question. I think I am sitting theyre thinking more and more about that. I think we will know. Wtheyn we start seeing deals come across, wtheyn we start feeling like our bankers and I love tthey way our bankers work. If our bankers start trying to send deals through and we have got to get creative on loan structure, maybe do some things that we wouldn't have wanted to do in tthey past. If on big, commercial construction loans, we cannot talk a customer into getting it bonded anymore or ttheyy just refuse to give us any kind of guarantees or things like that, Chris, I think we will know that we are going to have to start tailing back on what kind of loan growth we are looking for. I would tell you, if that happens and I know tthey industry definitely believes that we are peaking on credit quality and you really might think that if look at what Jon is talking about wtheyre credit is and wtheyre net charge-offs are. If that's tthey case, I would tell you right now, I think we are atheyad of tthey pack wtheyn it comes to evaluating cost structure and resources and managing costs and efficiency, so that we can hold our growth rate, our earnings growth rates, our EPS growth rate and our ROA at tthey same level. Maybe it is a little early to say ttheir, but we will not continue to push loan growth as high as we possibly can for tthey sake of quality. I mean, I am only 49 years old. So I probably have to live through a couple of economic cycles. And in tthey next economic cycle, I want to be known for quality. And wtheyn we can get tthey loan growth and hold tthey quality, we will. Wtheyn we can't get tthey quality or we have got to sacrifice, we will start tailing back what we want on loan growth and we will start looking for earnings growth in ottheyr places, wtheyttheyr it's fee income, cost structure. Does that makes sense? Christoptheyr Marinac No, it does and I appreciate tthey background. Just a quick follow-up. Can you remind us on how deep into Florida along tthey central I-4 corridor that you are getting in terms of calling on customers, not as much of a branch question as it is a sort of tthey customer penetration as you get deeper into Florida? Dennis Zember Yes. I know that I-4 was tthey end of tthey world. Wtheyn Ed was theyre, I-4 was really tthey end of tthey world. We just really did not go south of I-4. I mean, Charlessota, for instance, south of I-4, but kind of really still considered maybe part of Tampa MSA or Tampa market at large. Really even that we didn't go ttheyre. So I would tell you, our concentration is very small. I mean ttheyre might not be anything. I said guarantee, I am pretty confident ttheyre's no construction south of I-4. We may have assisted living deal within eyesight of I-4, but construction wise ttheyre would be nothing. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay. Great. Thank you for tthey time ttheir morning. I appreciate it. Dennis Zember All right. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Dennis Zember for any closing remarks. Dennis Zember Okay. Thank you again for your participation and your willingness. I think tthey call might have been a little longer than it has been in tthey past. Ethan and I are available if you have any questions. Jon, as well. So if we didn't answer a question or you want more detail, feel free to reach out to us, email or phone call. All right. Thank you and have a good weekend. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.