QCR Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - CEO Thomas Stokes - CFO Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson Companies Brady Gailey - KBW Steven Demba - Truist Securities David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining tthey Ameris Bancorp Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. My name is Darius, and I'll be tthey operator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I now have tthey pleasure of handing over to your host, Thomas Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, Thomas. Thomas, you may begin. Thomas Stokes Thank you, Darius, and thank you to all who’ve joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments, and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results, before we open it up for tthey Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments, or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also, during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Thomas, and good morning to everyone. Thank you, again, for taking tthey time to join our call today. We had a strong third quarter, and I'm proud to be able to share some of tthey results with you theyre today. We reported net income of $92.6 million, or $1.34 per diluted share, and $91.8 million, or $1.32 per diluted share on an adjusted basis wtheyn you exclude ttheir quarter's MSR recovery. Ttheyse adjusted results represent a strong 154 return on average assets, and 18.33% return on tangible equity. We had anottheyr solid quarter of revenue growth, wtheyre net interest income increased over 11% from last quarter to ttheir quarter, tthey second consecutive quarter. Our net interest margin improved by 31 basis points to 3.97. We continued to deploy excess liquidity into tthey loan and bond portfolio, while also protecting our deposit franctheire. We improved our deposit mix once again ttheir quarter and now, non-interest-bearing deposits are representing almost 43% of total deposits. Our revenue growth, in addition to discipline expense control, resulted in an improved efficiency ratio of just over 50% for tthey quarter, and we're now at 53% efficiency ratio for tthey year, which is exactly in line with 52% to 55% that we had previously guided. And all ttheir revenue growth and operating efficiency has certainly been accretive to capital. We grew tangible book value again by over 10% annualized ttheir quarter to end at $28.62 per share. And for year-to-date, we've grown tangible book value by $2.36, or over 12% annualized. So, we continue to deploy excess liquidity. So, while total assets remained fairly consistent for tthey quarter, our earning asset mix actually improved. We invested approximately $300 million into our bond portfolio, and organically grew loans by $1.2 billion during tthey quarter. For tthey year-to-date, we've grown our bond portfolio by $713 million, and reduced our mortgage loans theyld for sale by $957 million. We stated tthey previous quarters that our strategy was to use our mortgage loans theyld for sale in lieu of buying bonds at previously anemic rates that would negatively affect our capital wtheyn rates increased, and that's exactly what we did. Retail mortgage origination PP&R has now normalized below 3% of total PP&R, and ttheyrefore any perceived overreliance on mortgage should be eliminated.  On tthey credit side, overall credit quality remains very strong. We recorded a $17 million provision for credit losses expense ttheir quarter due to our strong loan growth and updated economic forecast. For our annualized net charge-off ratio, it's 11 basis points of total loans for tthey quarter, and our non-performing assets as a percent total assets, was adjusted 55 basis points. And as you can tell, we remain focused on a lot of fundamentals theyre regardless of what tthey economic landscape is, and I think ttheir quarters a clear example of that and also tthey hard work our teammates have put forth to achieve tthey results that you saw for tthey quarter. And ttheir Ameris team, wtheyn you think about it, has really built an extremely solid deposit base, low deposit betas, strong loan growth, solid asset quality, diversified income streams, with no dependency on any one vertical, and obviously top tier performance metrics.  I'll pause ttheyre now and turn it over to Thomas for more detail. Thomas Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned, for tthey third quarter, we're reporting net income of $92.6 million, or $1.34 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $91.8 million, or $1.32 per diluted share, wtheyn you exclude tthey servicing asset recovery, some hurricane expenses, and a small BOLI gain. Our adjusted return on assets was 154, and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 18.33%. I was very pleased again ttheir quarter with our increase in tangible book value. As Palmer mentioned, we ended tthey quarter at $28.62, an increase of $0.73 or 10.4% annualized. Also, ttheir quarter, we had only $0.55 of dilution from tthey increase in unrealized losses on tthey bond portfolio, compared to $0.16 of AOCI last quarter. For tthey year-to-date period, we've grown tangible book value by $2.36 or 12% annualized. And our year-to-date dilution to tangible book from AOCI, has only been about 3.5%. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.75 at tthey end of tthey quarter, compared to 8.58 at tthey end of last quarter. We continue to be well capitalized, and we feel comfortable with our capital and dividend levels. Our net interest income for tthey quarter increased $31.7 million over last quarter, and $61.3 million from tthey third quarter of last year. In comparison, our interest expense only increased $10.1 million ttheir quarter compared to last quarter, and only $9.9 million compared to third quarter of last year. Because of that, our net interest income for tthey quarter increased $21.6 million, which was driven mostly in tthey core bank segments. Our net interest margin increased 31 basis points from 366 last quarter to 397 ttheir quarter. Our yield on earning assets increased by 49 basis points, while our cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased by just 34 basis points. About 20 basis points of that 31-basis point margin improvement was from tthey deployment of excess liquidity into higtheyr-earning assets, and ttheyn tthey remaining 11 basis points of expansion was due to what I would call true core margin growth. In very simple terms, about 31 basis points of loan yield improvement, offset by 20 basis points of deposit costs. I mentioned at tthey end of tthey second quarter that we were slow to increase deposit costs in 2Q, and that our first raise went into effect tthey last day of tthey quarter. Due to competitive pressures, we've been a little bit more aggressive with raising deposit costs, in addition to that late 2Q raise, as tthey Fed raised rates ttheir quarter, but we're still below our model deposit betas. Our cumulative deposit beta ttheir year has been about 10%, compared to a modeled beta of 23%. We do anticipate additional deposit cost as tthey Fed continues ttheir cycle and as competition continues to increase. However, even with ttheir anticipated expense, we continue to be asset-sensitive, with NII increasing about 3% in an up-100 environment. And we've updated tthey interest rate sensitivity information on Slide 11.  Non-Interest income decreased $18.3 million ttheir quarter. We recorded a $1.3 million servicing rate recovery, compared to $10.8 million last quarter. So, excluding that MSR activity, our total non-interest income decreased $9 million, all in tthey mortgage division. Ttheir represents about a 20% decline in mortgage revenue, as production declined to $1.3 billion, and tthey gain on sale margin declined to 2.1%. Expenses in tthey mortgage division declined by $6.6 million, or about 14%, and that represents about 68% to 70% of tthey revenue decline due to tthey variable expenses within that division. Purchase business has returned to theirtoric levels, at about 85% to 90% of total activity, and we're prepared for continued success at our pre-pandemic and pre-refi boon levels. Just to emphasize what Palmer said earlier, retail mortgage originations as a percentage of our pre-provision pre-tax income, really continue to normalize, representing just 2.3% of tthey total ttheir quarter.  Non-interest expense decreased $2.6 million ttheir quarter. As I just mentioned, expenses in tthey mortgage division declined by $6.6 million. So, excluding tthey mortgage division, non-interest expense increased about $3.5 million, tthey majority of which were compensation benefits, including incentives, benefits, and wage inflation. Ttheir represents about a 4% increased expense, but compared with tthey 15% increase in NII, we had our efficiency ratio continue to improve, reaching a low of 50.06% for tthey quarter, and that brings us to 53.44% for tthey year. We continue to look for expense reduction opportunities, and we anticipate an efficiency ratio same guidance as before in that 52% to 55% range going forward.  On tthey balance ttheyyet side, assets were relatively flat at $23.8 billion, compared to $23.7 billion last quarter. We deployed tthey remaining $1.4 billion of excess liquidity into higtheyr-earning assets to include about $300 million in tthey bond portfolio, and $1.2 billion of organic loan growth spread among really all categories of our loan portfolio, as you can see on Slide 16. We were pleased with tthey loan growth ttheir quarter and underlying credit of those loans. Due to tthey softening market conditions and reduced pipelines, we do not anticipate tthey same level of loan growth in tthey next few quarters. While 2022 loan growth is going to come in higtheyr than we originally guided because of tthey remixing of tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey excess liquid deployment, we do anticipate 2023 loan growth to continue to slow and kind of be more in line with our prior guidance of upper single digits, that 7% to 9% window. Total deposits decreased by $218 million or about 1% during tthey quarter. However, we grew non-interest-bearing deposits by $80 million, and some of our higtheyr cost interest-bearing deposits we ran off, declined about $298 million. Tthey change in deposits is such that our non-interest-bearing deposits are now 42.86% of our total deposits, almost 43%. And our total non-rate sensitive deposits, that includes non-interest-bearing now and savings, ttheyy represent over 66% of our total deposits. Ttheir mix will certainly continue to theylp our deposit betas as we move through tthey cycle.  And with that, I'll wrap it up by just reiterating how proud I am of our team. We've remained disciplined and focused on operating performance as we move forward. I appreciate everyone's time today, and I'm going to turn tthey call back over to Darius for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] So, tthey first question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons from D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad, Kevin. Kevin Fitzsimmons Hey, good morning, everyone. Just on that - one of those last comments you made, Thomas, about tthey pace of loan growth and I guess slowing or normalizing to upper single digits, can you just kind of parse that out a little for us in terms of, is that maybe retaining less mortgages? Is it just anticipating or already seeing pipelines slow, or is ttheyre deliberate tapping of tthey brakes on certain segments? And maybe particularly if you can address Balboa. Just wondering like what are tthey components kind of driving that more normalized growth from what you saw ttheir quarter? Thanks. Thomas Stokes Absolutely. If ttheyre was an option C, three of tthey four, that would probably be tthey way that I would answer that. So, it is a - we do anticipate - so a couple of things. One, our pipelines are down at tthey end of tthey third quarter, and we anticipated that. So, our pipelines are down, so that is part of it. We also - tthey growth that we anticipate next year, we do anticipate that kind of across all metrics. So, we do see tthey portfolio mortgage slowing down as well. So, not having - I know last quarter we put $500 million. Ttheir quarter we did about $300 million. So, we do anticipate that slowing kind of going into tthey fourth quarter and first quarter. Those are typically slower quarters anyway for loan growth. And ttheyn you add tthey market softening on that a little bit. But we do still see that loan growth in tthey upper single digits, and we really see it balanced. That's one of tthey things that we like about our balance ttheyyet, is all tthey diversification and tthey opportunities that we have. So, we - between CRE and construction slowing a little bit, but ttheyn we still have Premium Finance, and we still have - we do have tthey mortgage and we have Balboa. So, all of that combined, we continue to look for diversified growth going into next year. Kevin Fitzsimmons And how about Balboa in particular? Are ttheyy in tthey same kind of thought in terms of slowing, or would you expect ttheym to stay strong? Thomas Stokes We expect ttheym to kind of continue to grow at tthey same pace that ttheyy're growing. Just for perspective, at tthey end of tthey second quarter, ttheyy were at 4.7% of tthey total portfolio, and ttheyy, at tthey end of tthey third quarter, were about 4.8%. So, ttheyy are growing just directly in line with tthey size of tthey bank as we expected. Kevin Fitzsimmons Got it. Okay, great. Maybe one quick follow up on tthey margin. You mentioned how last few quarters have been very impressive expansion and - but you alluded to tthey fact that deposit costs, deposit beta is probably accelerating from theyre. Maybe just theylp us with tthey trajectory of tthey margin looking atheyad. A lot of banks have alluded to maybe ttheyre's furttheyr expansion, but not at tthey pace we saw ttheir quarter. Just wondering if it - what kind of expansion is out ttheyre and do we plateau in some point in ‘23? Any kind of theylp on that front? Thanks. Thomas Stokes Sure, absolutely. And you’re exactly right. So, we remain asset-sensitive. We're about 2.93% asset-sensitive. And if you look back to wtheyre we were at tthey beginning of tthey cycle, we were closer to 7%. So, we've purposely tried to get our balance ttheyyet to become closer to neutral, and we're working that way down. Looking forward, every 25-basis point of rate hike is about three basis points based on tthey way we have it modeled. So, anticipating a 75-basis point rate hike in November, you would expect our margin to increase five to seven basis points, and that's being pretty aggressive with our deposit betas. As I said on tthey call earlier, we've only had about a 10% cumulative deposit beta, compared to a 23%, wtheyre we modeled that at 23%. Our money markets accounts, we modeled it at 55 beta, and those have been coming in closer to 25. And so, we certainly have some room to be a little bit more aggressive to be able to retain those deposits as needed. However, so we - so again, kind of looking at margin going forward, we continue to be asset-sensitive for at least tthey next two quarters, and ttheyn depending upon what tthey Fed does in December and how lagging our deposit betas are going to be. But we do continue to see some margin expansion at least for tthey next two quarters. Kevin Fitzsimmons Great. Thanks, Thomas. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Brady, you can speak now. Brady Gailey Good morning, guys. Maybe just to keep with that train of thought, so I guess tthey margin's up for tthey next couple of quarters with your asset sensitivity. It feels like betas will rise. Like, does tthey margin plateau as we get to mid next year and stay flat, or do you think ttheyre could be some downside just as tthey funding side kind of outpaces tthey asset side? Thomas Stokes Brady, you know, I typically don't like to give guidance out more than two quarters, so I don't want to extend too much, but I think your thinking is right. You do have to remember how much of our balance ttheyyet on tthey loan side is variable rate versus fixed. And even though wtheyn you look at kind of straight call report beta, and we look kind of in that very theyavy on fixed rate, ttheyre's a large portion of our portfolio that reprices on short term basis, our construction book. Our Premium Finance book is about a 10-month duration. So, even though it’s technically a fixed-rate loan, it's going to reprice. So, we're a little bit more asset-sensitive on tthey loan side from a variable rate perspective. So, I think tthey big wild card in all of ttheir is tthey deposit side. And we do anticipate, if tthey Fed stops increasing, let's say ttheyy go November and December and ttheyn ttheyy pause, will our loan side continue to reprice probably as fast as what potentially tthey deposit side. If ttheyy raise and ttheyn ttheyy halt for any long period of time, how long will that deposit lag take? And so, that's really tthey question. So, if we're thinking about a two raise in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn a lag for a long period of time, I think ttheyre is an opportunity for tthey margin to kind of stabilize. However, if ttheyre's a very short lag before ttheyy start declining as we are moving our balance ttheyyet to become more asset-neutral, we're preparing ourselves for that. So, is ttheyre an opportunity for it to maybe kind of taper out after that second quarter guidance and taper out maybe in tthey third or fourth quarter? I think that is a possibility, but I really don't like to give too much definitive guidance after that, because ttheyre's so much deposit behaviors that could alter that. Brady Gailey Yes, that's fair. All right. And ttheyn my next question is on tthey expense side. Ameris has seen great expense containment. I know mortgage come down is theylping on that effort, but how do you think about wage inflation and tthey pressure on expenses going forward? I mean, you printed a 50% efficiency ratio. You're saying that's probably too low longer term, but how do you think about tthey expense side going forward into ‘23? Thomas Stokes Yes, and we did have that increase ttheir quarter excluding mortgage, and tthey majority of that was salaries, benefits, incentives. It's compensation. We definitely see tthey wage competition. And so, that will certainly increase. We continue to look for ways to self-fund that, and not only tthey wage side, but also technology is one of tthey things that really has driven our really diligent expense control is that we use - we are looking for ways to use technology. And wtheyn we look at how we're deploying our technology costs, we're looking - really looking at, is ttheir a cost save or is ttheir a revenue driver? And ttheyre's obviously some technology that we have to deploy just to stay current. But we really do use that reallocation of resources. I do anticipate expenses, and I think ttheir is already built into tthey Street consensus for next year. But expenses could increase a little bit more kind of going into next year just through wage inflation. Palmer Proctor Brady, ttheir is Palmer. One ottheyr thing to remember, we reiterated it several times is that, wtheyn you look at our growth and tthey expectations for our growth, it is not predicated on having to go out and hire a lot of new talent. And ttheyre are many banks that are out ttheyre right now that are actively having to recruit. We've already absorbed all those expenses and all of those costs. So, anything we really feel is more along tthey lines of just normal wage inflation. And I think as we get back to a tighter labor market, that should reduce some of that increase in tthey expense because it becomes obviously competitive now to retain talent, but at tthey same time, we are not in a position we're having to go out and acquire talent to hit our objectives. Brady Gailey Yes, that's a good point. And ttheyn finally for me, tthey gain on sales spread and margin took anottheyr step down theyre to 210 basis points. Any insight on wtheyn those spreads could start to recover? Palmer Proctor I'd say that's really predicated on tthey Fed because wtheyn you look at right now, and you can see it in tthey NDS market too, tthey desire to buy mortgage has tapered off primarily because a lot of people are anticipating tthey fact that rates are going to be pulled back down next year. I think that's a bit premature personally in ttheyir thinking, but if ttheyy do, ttheyn ttheyy're going to refinance. And so, wtheyn ttheyy refinance, ttheyre's less value or margin on those particular loans. I think that's more tthey psychology of it at ttheir stage, just based on tthey Fed's actions. Brady Gailey All right, great. Thanks, guys. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steven Demba from Truist Securities. Please go atheyad, Steven. Steven Demba Thank you. Good morning, everybody. A question on asset quality. It still remains terrific. Palmer, what do you see as a normalized level of annual loan losses for Ameris at ttheir point? Jon Edwards Steven, ttheir is Jon. I'll answer that. So, tthey annualized - even though it was up a little bit ttheir quarter and not that materially, it annualizes eight points. Going into next year and having a little softening, it certainly is going to be up from tthey last three or four years of theirtoric lows. I don't necessarily have a forecast number to give you, but I mean, you can estimate it to be a little bit higtheyr. Part of that is you see us and tthey rest of tthey banking industry sort of taking tthey initiative on reserves to kind of build an anticipation about that. So, I think ttheir year's still going to finish out probably in a pretty abnormal low number, but I think you could start seeing it normalize again. Steven Demba What loan buckets are you most concerned about? Palmer Proctor I would tell you, it's not so much buckets as it is particular asset classes perhaps, and not a concern so much from our portfolio as it is that wtheyn we look at that lending on a go-forward basis, is making sure we've got a focus on companies that have operating cash flow, more C&I lending. Obviously, office is a big concern for everybody as we go forward. So, I think ttheyre's certain verticals like that that we pull back on intentionally. But in terms of entire bucket, we really don't have that. I mean, oftentimes we look at predictors out ttheyre, and one of tthey questions that comes up often is Balboa Capital. And wtheyn I look at tthey asset quality ttheyre, it's theyld up better than we had anticipated, but ttheyn again, tthey FICO scores ttheyre continue to inch up and tthey performance is still solid. So, we do watch that one because I think it's a good predictor wtheyn you're looking at smaller businesses. But all in all, we feel pretty good and don't see - like a lot of people, don't see any cracks anywtheyre, but that doesn't mean we aren't being very cautious. Steven Demba Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Feaster from Raymond James. Please go atheyad, David. David Feaster Hey, good morning, everybody. Maybe just following up on tthey asset quality side, we saw a modest uptick in criticized and classified, and it looks like Balboa's ratio has actually improved quarter-to-quarter. Just curious what you're seeing ttheyre. It looks like it might be resi mortgage-driven, but just was hoping you could touch on that a bit and give us some color ttheyre. Jon Edwards Well, David, ttheir is Jon. So, really tthey uptick - well, a couple of things wtheyn you - I guess we reference that really on Slide 20. Tthey uptick, because of our increase in loan balances, our classifieds on that chart on Slide 20, it's still about tthey best it's been in tthey five quarters that we're reflecting on that. Our classified to capital number is still low. And so, that uptick was really limited to just three borrowers primarily. And so, it's not widespread. It's just really companies that I anticipate will probably improve over tthey next couple of quarters, and aren't really long-term watchlist sitters, but just because of some numbers I saw ttheir quarter, I felt tthey need to put ttheym on tthey watch list. But I didn't really look at ttheym as kind of long-term issues for us. So, tthey numbers are still good. Our criticized number is better than it was last year at ttheir time, and our classified numbers stayed pretty low. So, overall, asset quality is still, I think, pretty solid David Feaster Was ttheyre any commonality among those three borrowers, or are truly idiosyncratic? Jon Edwards Commonality, I guess would be in tthey mortgage warehouse. Ttheyy were all mortgage warehouse borrowers. And frankly, ttheyy just hadn't sort of downsized ttheyir operations to reflect tthey current market conditions in mortgages. But it is no way really impacted our borrowing with ttheym because we have $300,000 average mortgage loans that still pay off within 20 days of being on tthey line. So, not really an impact to our operations, but just waiting for ttheym to kind of react better and to tthey current market is what I was really looking for. David Feaster Okay, that makes sense. And ttheyn maybe, I was hoping we could touch maybe on tthey funding side and how deposit flows are trending. We're kind of at tthey higtheyr end of wtheyre you theirtorically operated from a loan to deposit ratio. But just curious how you think about funding? And I mean, look, tthey non-interest-bearing deposit growth was great to see ttheir quarter. Just curious again, how you think about funding. And ttheyn could you maybe touch on tthey drivers of tthey borrowings ttheir quarter, just given tthey robust cash balances you already have. Just curious on that as well. Thomas Stokes Sure. David, you're right. And just as a reminder to everybody, we do have cyclical public funds that typically come in in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyy stay. So, wtheyn you look at a year-end balance ttheyyet, we typically have elevated deposits. So, we do anticipate that coming in, already starting to flow in and continue to come in November, December. And ttheyn that'll continue kind of through tthey first quarter before that runs out. That's a normal cyclical with our public fund. So, we see some funding coming in that way for tthey fourth quarter. But ttheyn we also - we continue to be very diligent on tthey deposit side and tthey funding side, and our focus has really been growing core deposits and relationship banking, and it's been that way. We did an analysis recently wtheyre we looked at kind of our open accounts versus peers, and tthey short version is that during tthey pandemic, we didn't stop. We had branch managers meeting customers in parking lots in ttheyir cars six feet away, and we continued to open accounts and sell deposits, and we didn't shut down to tthey pandemic. And we're kind of reaping some of those benefits today with our core deposits. We did have some borrowings, as we are very much watching our liquidity ratio. Just - everybody talks about a potential capital downturn, and you see some liquidity, some ottheyr banks having tremendous outflows of deposits. So, we're very cognizant of that. So, we are trying to keep our liquidity in a certain level by our choice to do that. And so, we did go out and get some short-term borrowings to kind of theylp that, knowing that we have some cyclical funds coming in. And ttheyn we also, again, I want to reiterate our bond portfolio, that you can look back kind of in 2019, our bond portfolio was close to 10% of our earning assets. And you look at us today, we're about 5.5%, 6%. So, wtheyn people kind of look at our loan to deposit ratio, you have to remember that we don't have - as a percentage of earning assets, our bond portfolio is much smaller than some of our peers. So, we've deployed some of that through tthey balance ttheyyet and through loans as opposed to tthey bond portfolio, and we anticipate that leveling out over tthey next couple of quarters as well. David Feaster That's a good point. And ttheyn maybe last one, just touching on Premium Finance, had a strong quarter, and that's a segment that doesn't get much attention. Was hoping you’d maybe just touch on some of tthey trends ttheyre and what's driving tthey strength and any expectations for tthey Premium Finance side going forward. Palmer Proctor Yes, we continue to see that just being a good steady performer. And wtheyn you think about that business and tthey premiums associated with it, and tthey customer base associated with that, that doesn't really change. And obviously, from a credit risk standpoint, it's got very minimal risk as you're dealing with - we have upfront premiums that are paid for us that we have in reserve. So, from an asset quality standpoint, it's solid. From a production standpoint, it's solid. What we're hoping ttheyre, we've seen a lot of consolidation in tthey industry, and what we're hoping to do is actually garner a little more market share. So, that's tthey big focus for 2023. So, we might see some moderate increases in Premium Finance. But right now, it just continues to be and deliver on a very steady basis. David Feaster That's great. All right. Thanks, everybody. Operator Tthey next question is from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad, Christoptheyr. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on a credit question related to Balboa. As we think through tthey cycle, how could tthey risk-adjusted returns evolve as rates go full higtheyr and perhaps charge-offs could tick up? Do tthey two kind of offset each ottheyr, or do you see some compression in tthey kind of risk-adjusted Balboa over time? Jon Edwards Chris, ttheir is Jon. So, tthey production yields will follow up with tthey rate environment. So, tthey charge-offs running in better than what we anticipated ttheir time last year wtheyn we were kind of forecasting it out. I think those will kind of work in lockstep togettheyr, as you kind of mentioned ttheyre. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. So, tthey impact on margin in tthey long-term is still as good if not better than as you thought about it last year? Thomas Stokes Yes. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Okay. And ttheyn just a follow-up for whomever wants to take it on, just deposit generation outside of tthey traditional bank channel, are ttheyre opportunities still in tthey mortgage area in Premium Finance and in ottheyr relationships that you've brought to Ameris over tthey last several quarters? Palmer Proctor Yes, that's a good question, Chris, and it's something that a lot of banks have struggled with out of ttheyir - kind of ttheyir non-core lines is, how do you generate deposits and relationships out of those more transactional - typically transactional oriented models? And what we have seen and what we're trying to do right now on several fronts is focus in on that with a lot of direct marketing. So, we'll be doing a lot of that next year to capitalize on it. But one of tthey things wtheyn you look next year through our hiring process, if you will, tthey majority of tthey new hires that we have budgeted, which will probably reallocate some resources to accommodate tthey expense for it, is on tthey treasury management side. We're doing a lot more on treasury management. So, that will probably be tthey bright spot for us as we go forward next year with deposits. And as you know, those are stickier deposits, more focused on our C&I customer base, and we've had some wonderful opportunities ttheyre with new hires as of recent. And more importantly, tthey results are reflecting that initiative. So, that is a big push for us next year. And so, we've got some expense associated with additional hires throughout tthey network for that. But I think that's probably wtheyre we're seeing most of tthey lift next year, but we'll still continue to try and penetrate tthey Balboas and tthey mortgage operation for deposits. And right now, mortgage does a fairly good job of bringing in deposits, because we've got a lot of escrow and tax money obviously that comes in. And that's - it's a seasonal type of approach because obviously, it goes out to pay insurance and taxes. But ttheyy've developed a lot of relationships with our warehouse borrowers and tthey wholesale lending, in addition to all tthey tax payments insurance payments that come in. So, but ttheyre's a lot of more opportunity ttheyre, especially in footprint. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. That's theylpful. Thank you for that background. And ttheyn, Thomas, just a quick reminder on tthey public deposits, do those tend to have lower betas over time? Thomas Stokes Ttheyy can - ttheyre's a blend of those And so, tthey average blend is about accurate to what our theirtorical has been. Yes, it's about average. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Thanks again for all tthey time ttheir morning. Operator [Operator instructions]. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Hence, I'd like to thank everyone for joining and wish a lot you rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines.