Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Daniel Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Palmer Proctor - Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Brady Gailey - KBW David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Jason Demba - Truist Securities Operator Hello, and welcome to today's Ameris Bancorp's Second Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Bailey, and I'll be tthey moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I now have tthey pleasure of handing over to today's host, Jason Demba, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Daniel Stokes Thank you, Bailey. Ttheir is actually Daniel Stokes. I think Jason Demba is somebody that just joined tthey Q&A. So -- but thank you, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments, and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for tthey Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Daniel, and good morning to everyone. I appreciate you all taking tthey time to join our call today. I was really pleased with tthey second quarter financial results we reported yesterday. And as mentioned in tthey press release, tthey success we had ttheir quarter goes back to just purely solid banking fundamentals. So wtheyn you look at revenue growth, margin improvement, strong quality of our deposit franctheire, positive trends in our earning asset mix, tangible book value growth, capital preservation and all of ttheyse while improving our operating efficiency ratio. So it's quite a successful quarter for us. And Daniel is going to get into some of tthey details in a minute, but I'll hit some of tthey highlights. For tthey second quarter, we reported net income of $90.1 million or $1.30 per diluted share and $81.5 million or $1.18 per diluted share on an adjusted basis wtheyn you exclude tthey quarter's MSR recovery. Ttheyse adjusted results represented a 1.40% return on average assets and a 17.18% return on tangible equity. During tthey quarter, we grew total interest income to over $200 million, and ttheir is tthey first time we've done that in tthey theirtory of our company. We were extremely pleased with our positive rebound in tthey margin ttheir quarter as well. Our net interest margin improved by 31 basis points to 3.66% as we maintain funding cost and continue to grow our noninterest-bearing deposits. On tthey asset side of tthey balance ttheyyet, we deployed approximately $1.5 billion of our excess liquidity ttheir quarter by investing approximately $500 million in our bond portfolio and ttheyn organically growing loans by $1.4 billion during tthey quarter. We did record a $15 million provision due to strong loan growth. About half tthey loan growth was managed growth in tthey mortgage portfolio and also cyclical growth in our ag and warehouse lines. Wtheyn you exclude ttheyse, tthey remaining more normalized core loan growth was about 15% and more in line with our projections. So we continue to anticipate that for 2022, loan growth will be in tthey upper single digits. As you all know, growing tangible book value has always been a key focus for Ameris. In ttheir quarter, we successfully increased tangible book value by $1.05 per share or over 15% annualized. Actually, our tangible book value now is higtheyr than wtheyre it was wtheyn we purchased Balboa Capital just 3 quarters ago, which is pretty impressive. In terms of operating efficiency, our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 53.66% ttheir quarter from 56.95% last quarter, and we will continue to look for additional operating efficiencies as we move into tthey remainder of ttheir year. On tthey credit side, overall quality remained strong. As previously mentioned, we did report a $15 million provision in tthey second quarter due to strong loan growth and updated economic forecast. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 4 basis points of total loans compared to 9 basis points last quarter, and our nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets was 56 basis points. So we remain really cautiously optimistic as we navigate through tthey present and future environment, and we're going to continue to responsibly invest in our core business and our teammates. I'm going to stop ttheyre now and turn over to Daniel to discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Daniel Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. So as you mentioned, for tthey second quarter, we reported net income of $9.1 million or $1.30 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $81.5 million or $1.18 per diluted share wtheyn you exclude tthey servicing asset recovery and tthey gain on sale of bank premises. Our adjusted return on assets was 1.40%, and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 17.18%. I was pleased with tthey increase in tangible book value as we ended tthey quarter at $27.89 per share, an increase of $1.05 or 15.7% annualized ttheir quarter. As Palmer mentioned, our tangible book value is now back above wtheyre it was prior to purchasing Balboa Capital just 3 quarters ago. And also ttheir quarter, we had only $0.16 of dilution from tthey increase in unrealized losses on tthey bond portfolio compared to $0.25 of AOCI dilution last quarter. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.58% at tthey end of tthey quarter compared to 8.32% at tthey end of last quarter. We continue to be well capitalized, and we feel comfortable with our capital and dividend level. We have a share repurchase program outstanding until October 31 of ttheir year. During ttheir quarter, we purchased about $5 million, and that leaves about $58 million left on tthey program. we don't anticipate aggressively purchasing in tthey next few months. On tthey revenue side of things, our interest income for tthey quarter increased $19.2 million over last quarter and $28.8 million from tthey second quarter of last year. In comparison, our interest expense only increased $374,000 ttheir quarter compared to last quarter, and it actually decreased $695,000 compared to second quarter of last year. Ttheir caused our net interest income for tthey quarter to increase by $18.8 million, which was driven mostly in tthey core bank segment, offset by about $1.8 million decline in PPP revenue in tthey SBA division. As Palmer mentioned, we were pleased with our net interest margin as it increased 31 basis points from 3.35% last quarter to 3.66% ttheir quarter. Our yield on earning assets increased by 32 basis points, while our cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased just 1 basis point. About 26 basis points of tthey margin improvement was from tthey deployment of excess liquidity into higtheyr earning assets and about 5 basis points was improvement in total loan yields, including tthey theyld for sale loan. And of course, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that we were able to improve our noninterest-bearing deposit mix and maintain our deposit costs such that total cost of funds were basically flat. While we are proud of ttheir, we do expect to incur additional deposit costs going forward as we're obviously not able to have a 0 deposit beta in ttheir rising rate environment forever. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, assets were relatively flat at $23.7 billion compared to $23.6 billion last quarter. However, tthey shift in earning assets is what really is important theyre. We've deployed about $1.5 billion of excess liquidity into higtheyr earning assets to include about $500 million in tthey bond portfolio, and we funded tthey $1.4 billion of organic loan growth. We still have about $1.5 billion of excess liquidity, which can be used for cyclical deposit runoff and also future loan growth. While we were pleased with tthey significant loan growth ttheir quarter and tthey underlying credit of those loans, we don't anticipate tthey same level of loan growth in tthey third quarter. Tthey details of tthey second quarter growth have been included on Slide 17 to recap tthey summary that Palmer gave earlier. Total deposits increased by $96.5 million during tthey quarter, but tthey real win is tthey mix within those deposits. We actually grew noninterest-bearing deposits by $393 million while our higtheyr cost interest-bearing deposits declined $296 million, so that now noninterest-bearing deposits represent 41.98%, so which is around that of 42% of our total deposits. We continue to be asset sensitive with NII increasing about 3.8% in an up-100 environment. We've updated tthey interest rate sensitivity information to our presentation. You can see that on Slide 11. Moving on to noninterest income. That decreased about $3.1 million ttheir quarter. We reported a $10.8 million servicing rights recovery compared to $9.7 million recovery last quarter. So excluding ttheir MSR activity, total noninterest income decreased about $4 million, all in tthey mortgage division as we purposely placed about 30% of ttheyir production in tthey portfolio instead of selling those loans. So while noninterest income declined 5.5% ttheir quarter, expenses in tthey mortgage division were relatively flat because of tthey commissions and incentives on that portfolio production. Total production in tthey retail mortgage group was about $1.7 billion ttheir quarter with an average rate of 4.65% compared to $1.5 billion and $366 million last quarter. Purchase business has returned closer to theirtoric levels at 84% of total activity and has us really prepared for tthey continued slowdown in refinance. Retail mortgage originations as a percentage of our pre-provision pretax income continued to decline, representing a balanced contribution of about 8.5%. Tthey average gain on sale declined to 2.36% ttheir quarter, but we believe that will increase back to a more normal level around that 2.75% range going forward. And I think I may have said tthey best for last. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 53.66% ttheir quarter, back under our expected 55% goal. Total noninterest expenses decreased by about $1.6 million from $143.8 million last quarter to $142.2 million ttheir quarter. We saw a $2.7 million decrease in salaries and employee benefits, which was attributed to tthey normalization of first quarter cyclical payroll taxes, offset by annual salary increases. In addition, we incurred about $1.1 million of planned advertising expenses related to our new marketing campaign in tthey second quarter. And while we're pleased with our expense reduction efforts and we remain focused on our efficiency ratio, slight increases in noninterest expense could occur in tthey next few months. But we're still anticipating an efficiency ratio in that 52% to 55% range. And with that, I'll wrap it up by reiterating how we've remained disciplined and focused on operating performance. We're optimistic about tthey remainder of 2022. I certainly appreciate everyone's time today, and we'll turn tthey call back over to Bailey for any questions from tthey group. Bailey? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Brady Gailey So we've seen a lot of banks similar to you guys decide to portfolio more of ttheyir resi mortgage production just with tthey rates a little more attractive now than 6 months ago. So how do you think -- I mean, I theyar you that loan growth is not going to repeat itself in tthey back half of tthey year, which makes total sense. But how do you think about tthey magnitude of how much resi loan production you decide to portfolio going forward? Daniel Stokes Sure. So I'll take that. So in tthey second quarter, we portfolio-ed about tthey $515 million, and that was at a really good rate of about 4.73% rate of what we portfolio-ed. And about half of that was variable and half of it was fixed as far as ARMs versus fixed rate production. So we were purposeful with how we manage that and how we put that on, and that kind of compares to mortgage-backed security gone that's going to be a less -- much less rate. So we kind of feel like what we did in tthey second quarter was kind of a onetime event, and we don't anticipate doing that again. And that's really why we kind of drew out tthey lines of how we looked at our loan growth ttheir quarter to kind of show what we would consider kind of core loan growth more in that 15% range. So we really don't anticipate that again. That was kind of a onetime remix of tthey portfolio and using some of that excess liquidity. Brady Gailey Okay. All right. That's theylpful. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at mortgage, if you back out tthey noise from tthey MSR mark, mortgage was around $48 million in tthey second quarter. Any way to add a little color to what tthey outlook of that may be? I mean it sounds like you guys were expecting gain on sale to come back up from tthey second quarter level, but maybe production slows. So how do you think about tthey forecast of mortgage banking fees? Daniel Stokes Sure. So a lot of that is basically [adopted] right off of 2 things. It's based on production and gain on sale. So ttheyre's 2 factors ttheyre. And so just for comparison, in tthey first quarter, ttheyir production was about $1.5 billion. And ttheyn in tthey second quarter, it was $1.7 billion of production. But again, we didn't sell all of that production in tthey second quarter. So -- and ttheyn tthey gain on sale also declined. So going forward, we still are kind of anticipating kind of that $6 billion to $7 billion of production for tthey year. So year-to-date, ttheyy're at about $3.3 billion of production, and we kind of see it coming in for tthey year at that between $6 billion to $7 billion, probably closer to tthey $6 billion. So I can see tthey third quarter being fairly consistent with second quarter, and ttheyn maybe tthey fourth quarter, we kind of get back into that normal cyclicality. Again, we're back up to about an 85% purchase versus refi. Tthey biggest challenge right now is inventory for buyers and which I know we've talked about that before, but we still continue to see some of that. It has gotten a little bit better. Hope that kind of gave you tthey guidance that you were looking for. Brady Gailey Yes. Yes, that's theylpful. And ttheyn finally for me, I mean, you all did a great job in tthey second quarter of holding deposit costs basically flat. As you said, I know it's not going to be like that for forever. But just remind us how you're thinking about what deposit betas could look like for Ameris over tthey next year or so? Daniel Stokes Sure. And so we have based on kind of on empirical data of what we have done, and I'll tell you that we did raise board rates right at tthey end of tthey quarter. So tthey deposit rates in tthey third quarter will definitely be higtheyr than what ttheyy were in tthey second quarter. But we are targeting about a 23% beta, and that's about a 55 in tthey money market, 20 and now and 10 in savings. So that is our target, and as long we're trying to stay within that, and that's what we have modeled into our ALCO modeling as well. Brady Gailey Yes. And 23%, that's total deposit beta or just interest-bearing? Daniel Stokes That's total deposit beta. That 42% noninterest-bearing certainly theylps bring that average down. Brady Gailey Yes, totally. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of David Feaster from Raymond James. David Feaster Maybe just following up on tthey deposit side, just staying ttheyre for a second. I mean tthey noninterest-bearing deposit growth is really impressive at a quarter wtheyre a lot of ottheyr folks were seeing some outflows. Could you maybe talk about some of tthey underlying trends that you're seeing ttheyre? Any expectations for flow? And how you think your ability to continue to drive core deposit growth to fund your -- I mean, your organic growth engine is really strong. How do you think you're able to fund that? Wtheyre would you be comfortable with tthey loan-to-deposit ratio going? Palmer Proctor Well, I'll take part of that and let Daniel finish up. But I will tell you, David, tthey value we've seen in tthey diversification portfolio and growing, especially tthey C&I side of it is really wtheyre you're seeing a lot of that noninterest deposit growth. And so ttheyy're good core relationship deposits. I think you're fooling yourself, you don't think ttheyre's probably going to be some runoff as we go forward. But I do think it's going to be more prolonged than people anticipate in terms of retaining some of those deposits in light of tthey uncertainty out in tthey market. Ttheyre will be some folks chasing rates. A lot of ttheyse deposits on tthey noninterest-bearing side, as you know, are operating deposits. That doesn't mean ttheyy can't sweep some over into a money market or savings account. But we feel good about tthey base. I think liquidity, as we look forward into ttheir, whatever your outlook may be between now and tthey next couple of years, I think that's tthey name of tthey game. And so we've remained theyavily focused even during tthey pandemic wtheyn deposits were just flowing in across tthey industry and focus on tthey relationship side of that. So I think we will continue with tthey efforts on tthey C&I side, which we'll continue to build out that noninterest-bearing piece and ttheyn carefully manage tthey interest-bearing side. So right now, as you see, we had a little pullback on overall deposits. But with tthey noninterest-bearing growing, we feel good about our position in terms of being able to manage tthey future growth in that upper single digits based on what we currently have today. Anything else you want to add, Daniel? Daniel Stokes Sure. I was just going to give you a little bit of color on tthey DDA growth and kind of split it between tthey business and tthey consumer. And so it's interesting because ttheyre's 2 different trends ttheyre. In tthey business, wtheyn we look at tthey growth kind of from -- what we're looking at is kind of November of '19, that was after tthey Fidelity Ameris combination after tthey conversion and kind of a good clean run rate compared to wtheyre we are now. And wtheyn we see those business DDAs about 1/3 of it, its current customers that have expanded ttheyir balances with us and about 2/3 of tthey growth is new customers. So that kind of gives you a mix of wtheyre we're getting that growth. And obviously, our teammates are doing a fantastic job of relationship banking and continuing to grow those core deposits. And ttheyn on tthey consumer side, it's a little bit more mixed about 50-50. About 50% of tthey increase on tthey consumer side is just expanded relationships with current customers and about 50% is new relationships coming into tthey bank. Soâ€¦ David Feaster That's great. That's great. And ttheyn maybe just switching back to tthey loan growth side. Just wanted to get a pulse on tthey markets. How is demand trending from your perspective? Do you think ttheyre was any aspect of a pull forward of demand? Just any commentary on how pipelines are trending, expectations for drivers of growth and wtheyttheyr higtheyr new loan yields may start slowing originations as you push higtheyr rates, especially on CRE. Palmer Proctor Yes, I think you have to take it by each vertical. And as you saw in mortgage, we were up about $200 million in production ttheir quarter versus last quarter. A lot of that was tthey pull forward of people trying to lock in before rates started moving too much furttheyr up on ttheym. So ttheyre's clearly some of that going on in tthey mortgage portfolio. Tthey CRE portfolio, we have certainly benefited from increased rates ttheyre. And part of it, too, is people trying to do refinancing on ttheyir existing facilities. So tthey demand is still strong, but what it's allowing banks to do, I think, prudently be a little more selective in what ttheyy're doing and how ttheyy're doing it. So I think tthey -- wtheyn we look at tthey pipeline, in addition to just normal production, ttheyre's still a lot of unfunded commitments that are out ttheyre as well. And so that's going to build incremental volume as we go forward, just finishing up projects that were delayed due to labor shortages and materials and supplies. So ttheyre's still -- I think most banks have a pretty robust pipeline already in place in addition to any new incremental business coming in. So I think CRE, you can be a little more selective on that and still deliver within tthey range of what you're trying to target. C&I, I would tell you most of tthey companies we're dealing with, and ttheyse are smaller middle market kind of companies. Ttheyy remain very theyalthy. Wtheyn you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, still have a lot of cash ttheyy're holding on to. Ttheyy're not overpurchasing in terms of inventory. But -- so tthey usage ttheyre is still not as much as we'd like to see. It's increasing. But I think that's got some upside as we move forward, depending on tthey severity of tthey upcoming recession. Balboa, on tthey ottheyr hand, has done extremely well. Ttheyy've exceeded our expectations in terms of not only production but earnings and credit across tthey board. So I think that -- and as you know, that's got a very strong yield on it. So we anticipate seeing continued opportunity ttheyre. SBA, I think as we move, we mean tthey industry move forward, ttheyre's a lot more opportunity that we have ttheyre. We need to do a better job in SBA in terms of generating those loans. And I think you'll see more people portfolioing those loans just because tthey gain on sale premiums have come down. So I think that kind of hits all tthey different verticals, but happy to answer any furttheyr questions. David Feaster No, that was theylpful. And ttheyn you touctheyd on tthey severity of tthey pending recession. Just curious your thoughts on asset quality maybe more broadly. I mean we had an uptick in nonaccruals, it looks like it's mortgage-driven. Just curious, any commentary on that. And ttheyn broader thoughts on asset quality, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's anything you're watching more closely or perhaps avoiding. And ttheyn any commentary on tthey reserve, and wtheyttheyr it would be likely [trougtheyd] theyre or just thoughts on how you think about that. Palmer Proctor Sure. As it pertains specifically to Ameris, yes, tthey majority of tthey uptick you saw on our NPAs was related to some of tthey government-backed mortgage loans that we have. So we’ll have to work those through tthey system. But in terms of incurring any types of losses, I don’t see that. Ttheir is mainly just working those through tthey system, as you know. So if you back those out, it’s more and more normalized. But I do think one of tthey things in terms of tthey industry, ttheyre’s a difference between normalization and ttheyn credit deterioration. And so wtheyre that fine line is, I think once we get into a more normalized environment, you don’t want people to mistake normalization for deterioration. But if you look at individual credit overall for tthey industry and tthey prudency of tthey underwriting, as we go forward and what we’ve done in tthey past and I say past, since tthey last cycle, -- ttheyre’s a lot more equity in deals. Specifically, tthey ottheyr loan that was referenced on our NPA increase, one commercial loan. That, for instance, is a very nice building in a very good location, and we’ve got a lot of optionality with that. Underwriting debt service coverage, sponsors behind deals. I think that’s going to bode well for tthey industry as we go forward. If we do have any sort of pullback especially [it’s came] to CRE. So I feel much better about wtheyre we are as a bank and wtheyre we are as an industry and being able to mitigate a lot of those situations. But – and depending on tthey severity of it, I think that wtheyn you look at wtheyre we are versus say, tthey last cycle, I don’t think tthey losses will be ttheyre. That doesn’t mean you don’t have tthey theyadacthey of working through credit but that’s part of we’re in tthey risk-taking business, so we’re going to have to work through those. But right now, as far as our outlook and that of many ottheyrs, we are obviously looking very closely and are cautiously optimistic, but don’t see any cracks anywtheyre right now. I think, personally, more – ttheyre’s going to be more pressure on tthey consumers going forward than ttheyre will be on small businesses and midsize business just because ttheyir cash position, and ttheyy’ve been pretty disciplined ttheir cycle. Operator Tthey next question today comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Christoptheyr Marinac Palmer and Daniel, I want to ask about liquidity and kind of how you think through using liquidity capacity you have going forward. Do you want to still build it? Or will you kind of use some of tthey dry powder in tthey next few quarters? Daniel Stokes Sure. So we have about $1.5 billion of excess liquidity right now. So I think we will -- we definitely have enough to fund tthey loan growth for tthey next couple of quarters or at least tthey next 2 quarters. We have -- we've slowed -- we are still purchasing some bonds, but we have slowed that a little bit. And again, we continue to still continue to try to grow core deposits for that funding, looking to even tthey future past a couple of quarters. But we do have and remember, we typically have -- in tthey end of tthey third quarter, beginning of tthey fourth quarter, we typically have a lot of cyclical deposits that come in with some of our municipalities. So assuming that, that comes in like a normal year, we'll build some of that back up by tthey end of tthey year. So we definitely feel like we have tthey liquidity, but we don't anticipate as big of a push in tthey future is what we did ttheir quarter between tthey mortgages and tthey portfolio, from tthey loan growth and ttheyn tthey $500 million of that bond portfolio. That's slowing a little bit, but we will continue to deploy it. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. And on tthey municipal deposits, does any of that get recast in terms of repriced? And is that at all a high beta issue that you just have to work with? Daniel Stokes It's really not. So those are core customers of ours that we bank throughout tthey year. It's just that ttheyy get in a lot of tthey tax money that comes in kind of in that third, fourth quarter, tthey end of tthey third, beginning of tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn it usually goes back out kind of tthey end of tthey first quarter. And that's been in our kind of DNA for a while. So that really doesn't build in and doesn't affect our betas too terribly that's already built into our analysis. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay. Great. And ttheyn Palmer, what is your thought about new hiring trends and what you're seeing, wtheyttheyr it's on tthey commercial side or in tthey mortgage business? Palmer Proctor I think today, at least for us and for Ameris, we’re probably a little more surgical and tactical in terms of what we’re looking for in tthey way of talent. We’ve got, as you know, a wonderful team already in place in mortgage, but we will look for opportunities and be opportunistic. But at tthey same time, wtheyn you saw ttheir quarter, we’re cognizant of tthey expense side of things, too. And tthey volumes ttheyre are great. If it’s not, ttheyn you need to make adjustments. But I think selective hires will probably be in our future. But in terms of tthey need to – in terms of us hitting our projections and loan growth goals, we’ve got, as we’ve said before, we’ve got tthey team that we need already in place. So I don’t think you’re going to see incremental overtheyad expense coming online to accommodate tthey need for tthey loan growth. We’ve already got that in place. If anything, we’ll probably be, like I said, a little more surgical in our approach going forward. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next question today comes from tthey line of Jason Demba from Truist Securities. Jason Demba Question. Daniel, you said you thought you'd have some more expense growth over tthey near term but keep your efficiency ratio within your target. Can you just talk about what's going to drive tthey expense growth over tthey near term? And ttheyn my second question relates to tthey net interest margin. Just wondering if you have that for tthey month of June. Daniel Stokes Sure. So tthey first question is on tthey expense. And I would say that while we don't expect it to be a tremendous growth, I think we've done a really good job of kind of toeing tthey line and keeping our expenses somewhat flat. And ttheyre's reallocation of resources that we've talked about for so long. But we do anticipate that ttheyre could be some increases, like we spend tthey extra million dollars on advertising last quarter. And ttheyn tthey some wage inflation, some wage, some benefit costs that are going up, things like that. But again, we're trying to manage that, still keep our efficiency ratio in that 52% to 55%. I just was guiding to maybe some slight increase, but I don't think it's going to be anything tremendous by any means. And ttheyn I think your second question was margin and ttheyn what our June margin. So tthey month of June was very consistent with tthey quarter margin, maybe a little bit higtheyr than tthey quarterly average margin because a lot of that really we had tthey benefit of tthey third month. Jason Demba Okay. Great. And if I could ask one more question. Palmer, can you just talk about what you're theyaring from tthey clients in terms of ttheyir overall sentiment right now? It seems like based on results we've seen, it has to continue to be pretty positive, but I'm just curious what you're theyaring. Palmer Proctor Yes. I would echo that same sentiment and all tthey calls, I love wtheyn I’m on calls with our team. Ttheyre’s still a lot of I’d say ttheyy’re cautiously optimistic. And ttheyn ttheyre are a lot of people trying to be opportunistic in terms of what – it depend on tthey severity of tthey recession. But ttheyre are a lot of people sitting on tthey sideline with a lot of money, a lot of cash and ttheyy’re in a good position. And that gives us comfort as bankers to know that ttheyy’ve got those kind of cash reserves. But in terms of our kind of our middle market clientele and tthey loan pipeline ttheymselves, ttheyy’re very robust and remain robust, but what allows banks to do at ttheir time in ttheir kind of cycle is be a little more selective if ttheyy choose to do so, which is what we’re doing. But tthey demand is still ttheyre at ttheir point. I think ttheyre’s obviously a lot of negative sentiment that we all theyar it each and every day on tthey news and media, but contrary to that in terms of just operating and our operators, ttheyy’re still, to your point, very optimistic at ttheir point. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions registered at tthey moment. So I'd like to pass tthey call back to Palmer Procter, CEO, for closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Bailey, and I want to once again thank everybody for joining tthey call today and conclude in my remarks by reiterating how proud I am of our quarterly results and more importantly, our teammates made it happen. I’m constantly reminded each and every day tthey importance of discipline and tthey ability to stay focused on our core fundamentals, which we have done. We certainly have tthey skills. We have tthey markets and tthey talent to execute on our strategies and remain very committed to top-of-class results. And I just want to thank you all again for your interest in Ameris Bank. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.