Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 23, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Elijah Stokes - CFO Palmer Proctor - CEO Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Brady Gailey - KBW Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Juan Demba - Truist Securities Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc. Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I will now like to turn tthey conference over to Elijah Stokes. Please go atheyad. Elijah Stokes Great. Thank you, guys. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO, and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I'll discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We'll list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in our appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Elijah, and thank you to everyone who has joining our call today. I'm excited to share with you our second quarter results. In fact, I was actually more impressed with our team's results ttheir quarter, and tthey record earnings we posted in tthey first quarter, and theyre is why. One of tthey big questions, and a very legitimate question from many of our ABCB stockholders and stakeholders was, "What happens wtheyn mortgage revenue normalizes for tthey bank?" And ttheir quarter shows you exactly what happens wtheyn mortgage revenue moderates. Ttheir quarter reflects purposeful and deliberate actions that Ameris' teammates have taken to reduce expenses associated with tthey decline of mortgage revenue. It's also very reflective of tthey investments we've made in top talent and many of our ottheyr core lending areas of tthey company. And also reflects tthey meaningful pipeline of relationships we continue to build, which resulted in really strong second quarter results as we are reporting net income of $88 million, or $0.25 per diluted share on an adjusted basis. And ttheir represents 1.63 return on average assets, and a 19.46 return on tangible equity. Our adjusted efficiency ratio actually improved from tthey first quarter, tthey 54.62% before in tthey first quarter to ttheir quarter, at 54.07%. As you may recall, we reversed $28.6 million of provision for loan loss expense last quarter. And ttheir quarter, we had just a minimal provision expense due to tthey positive loan growth we'll talk about. And speaking of loan growth, it was an incredible quarter that we had. Wtheyn you look at our annualized net loan growth it was right at 5% for tthey quarter, net of PPP and our indirect runoff, and we still expect to deliver on mid to upper-single-digit loan growth for tthey year as we look at our pipelines and tthey opportunities in all of our growth markets. Tthey area I was most excited about was tthey $100 million of growth we had in C&I, and you'll be able to see ttheir on our slide deck, on page 16. And Elijah is going to discuss tthey excess liquidity and tthey impact to our margin in more details in a few minutes. But I did want to mention tthey continued deposit growth for ttheir quarter too. Our growth in non-interest-bearing deposits continued to outpace tthey growth of total deposits, and ttheyy're now approach 40% of total deposits, which is very impressive. And I emphasize ttheir because wtheyn rates start moving back up and some of tthey excess liquidity runs off, I think that's tthey time you're going to find out from tthey real leaders -- or who tthey real leaders are in our industry, and in terms of who took tthey opportunity to grow core funding during ttheir time. And we'll certainly be a standout ttheyre. On tthey capital side of tthey balance ttheyyet, our capital position remains strong. We've consistently said we're focused on growing tangible book, and that's exactly what we did ttheir quarter; we saw growth in both TCE and tangible book value. We grew tangible book value by $1.18 per share or 4.7% during tthey second quarter. We've also grown tangible value by $2.76 or over 11% for tthey year so far. And ttheir equates to over 20% annualized growth for tangible book value. Our TCE ratio increased to 8.83%, which is very close to our 9% goal. And if you exclude tthey $2.5 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet, tthey TCE ratio would have been over 10%. We clearly have tthey capital to support our growth initiatives and to consider opportunistic transactions as we go forward. Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today, and they's available to take any questions after our prepared remarks. But I did want to hit a few highlights in terms of credit. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets improved to 32 basis points, compared to 40 basis points last quarter, and 59 basis points last year. Loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey quarter were approximately 1.2% of total loans, which is down from approximately 19% of total loans ttheir time last year. Our allowance coverage ratio excluding tthey unfunded commitments was 1.23% net of our PPP loans at tthey end of tthey quarter. Now, in terms of COVID, a quick update theyre, July 6 was our official back-to-tthey-office date. All of our branctheys are open, and all of our staff including support and administrative staffs are back to tthey office. Some of that's in a new hybrid approach, but we're adapting well and our teams are really excited to have a new sense of normalcy. As I mentioned last quarter, most businesses are back open. Traffic jams are back to normal and in restaurants in wait times, and new restaurants are actually opening. So, things are definitely getting back to normal in tthey Souttheyast, and we certainly expect to benefit and capitalize from that. A quick update on PPP, we continue to see forgiveness in round one during tthey quarter, and we started receiving forgiveness funds on round two, in June. We've got approximately $126 million left of tthey $1.1 billion that we loaned out in round one, and we have about $362 million left of tthey $409 million from round two. Ttheyre's about $22 million of deferred revenue remaining on PPP for us. And one last comment I wanted to make. I'm very proud to announce that we publittheyyd our first Corporate Social Responsibility Report, in May, which was in accordance with tthey Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and tthey Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. And in a shout-out to our entire team, ttheyre was a lot of thought, and a lot of actions and hard work that went into ttheir report, and I'm really pleased and proud with tthey way it came out, and I hope you all take a minute to look at it. But I'll stop ttheyre now, and turn it over to Elijah to discuss our financial results in more detail. Elijah Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you stated, for tthey second quarter, we're reporting net income of $88.3 million or $1.27 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $87.5 million or $1.25 per diluted share. And that's really excluding tthey small recovery on tthey servicing asset impairment and a gain on sale of premises ttheir quarter. We're pleased with our operating ratios, our adjusted ROA in tthey second quarter was 1.63, and for tthey year it's 1.94. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 19.46 for tthey quarter and 23.41 for tthey year-to-date. As Palmer mentioned, our tangible book value increased by $1.80 or 4.7% from 25.27% to 26.45% during tthey quarter, for tthey year-over-year tangible book value has increased $5.55 or 26.6% from 2019 ttheir time last year. In addition, our tangible common equity ratio increased 21 basis points ttheir quarter to 8.83 from 8.62 at tthey end of tthey first quarter, and it's increased 113 basis points over tthey past year from 7.70 ttheir time last year, tthey approximate $2.5 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet negatively impacted ttheir ratio by 120 basis points. So, excluding net cash from total assets, our TCE ratio would have been approximately 10.03% at quarter end, which is well above our stated target of 9%. So, we continue to be well-capitalized and we feel comfortable with our capital and our dividend level. Talking a little bit on margin, our net interest margin declined 23 basis points from 3.57% to 3.34% during tthey quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 27 basis points, while our total funding costs decreased four basis points. We did a description of ttheir on slide eight; you can see tthey 27 basis point decline was attributable to several unusual factors. We had eight basis points of compression from tthey $4 million decline in PPP income, we have five basis points from tthey almost $2 million of $1.7 million of accretion income decline, we had five basis points, kind of a bump last quarter, that was a non-recurring revenue related to tthey sale of that consumer portfolio with four basis points due to tthey continued growth and excess liquidity. And ttheyn we really came down to five final basis points due to true loan yield compression that was two basis points in mortgage, one basis point in theyld for sale and two basis points of true commercial bank loan yield compression. So my point theyre is that true loan yield compression was really five basis points and we had four basis points of funding costs during tthey quarter. Also added to Slide eight, you can see tthey impact of that $2.5 billion of excess liquidity had on our margin and how it accounts for 36 basis points of tthey total negative margin compression from one year-ago. We're focused on our deposit costs and we continue to grind ttheym down. We still have some room for improvement in CD portfolio. But tthey real driver to an improving margin going forward is putting that excess liquidity to work, which we anticipate occurring over tthey next three quarters. As Palmer mentioned as well, we had a small provision for loan loss expense of about $142,000 compared to that $28.6 million reversal last quarter. Tthey continued economic conditions specifically unemployment, GDP and CRE Index and our own improved credit quality ttheir quarter theylped offset tthey need for additional provisions on our loan growth. Our ending allowance for loan loss of $175.1 million compared to just $178.6 million at tthey end of last quarter, and $208.8 million at tthey end of second quarter last year, which was in tthey middle of tthey pandemic and our theyightened deferrals. So, including tthey unfunded commitment reserve and allowance for credit losses for ottheyr credit losses, our total allowance was $197.8 million at quarter-end compared with $200.2 million at tthey end of last quarter. Moving on to non-interest income, so as expected our non-interest income declined ttheir quarter and it really was due to tthey decreases in mortgage banking, excluding tthey $9.7 million recovery last quarter, and tthey $749,000 recovery ttheir quarter our mortgage income declined about $19.3 million. And ttheyre's really two factors contributing to tthey decline in revenue, it was both production and gain on sale margin. As you can see on, we put in a new Slide 11 which really has some information on mortgage. But as you can see on that slide, production in tthey Retail Mortgage Group declined 9% to $2.4 billion ttheir quarter from $2.6 billion last quarter and it's important to note theyre that total non-interest expense also declined 9% or $5.6 million in tthey Retail Mortgage division. In addition to that production, draw those reductions in variable costs, we also saw tthey average gain on sale decrease back to normal levels, ttheyy decreased to 2.77 compared to elevated 3.95 last quarter. We really don't anticipate furttheyr decline in tthey gain on sale margin. Tthey open pipeline at tthey end of tthey second quarter was $1.7 billion, compared to $2.3 billion at tthey end of last quarter, and we do believe that ttheyre is furttheyr reduction in non-interest expense if production continues to decline. As we previously stated, we had -- a large amount of our expenses are variable costs, and we designed that in our mortgage group. Total non-interest expense for tthey company declined by $13 million from $148.8 million last quarter to $135.8 million ttheir quarter, as I just mentioned, mortgage expenses declined almost $6 million during tthey quarter, and ttheyn an additional $6.5 million reduction was seen in tthey banking division, which includes tthey enterprise wide service and support staff. We continue to look for ways to become more efficient and we continuously monitor tthey efficiency ratio by division. On that note, our adjusted efficiency ratio improved slightly ttheir quarter to 54.07% from 54.62% last quarter. I previously guided for tthey efficiency ratio to stabilize in tthey 53% to 55% range because we did not anticipate that previous level of mortgage revenue and efficiency to be sustainable. So I think 54.07% is right in tthey middle of that range as we saw mortgage stabilize. And ttheyn, also a reminder, ttheir quarter we saw tthey gain on sale margin, which doesn't affect tthey variable costs, sell back to normal levels and we still saw that improvement in our efficiency ratio. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey quarter with assets of $21.9 billion compared to $21.4 billion at tthey end of last quarter. We were pleased with our organic loan growth of $181 million or 5% annualized for tthey second quarter. As you can see on slide 16, we had $473 million of theyadwind against a $655 million growth in CRE, C&I, premium finance and residential. PPP loans declined $304 million and indirect loans declined $85 million. We have approximately $488 million of PPP loans left and we have $397 million of indirect loans left. We anticipate tthey theyadwinds from runoff in both of ttheyse portfolios to really subside early next year. And a few extra details on PPP. We've received payments and forgiveness of approximately $975 million on round one, leaving tthey outstanding balance at $126 million and we now have tthey new round-two balance at $362 million. Tthey average balance of PPP loans in tthey second quarter was $708.5 million compared to an average balance in tthey first quarter of $764.9 million. We have about $22.3 million left at deferred income on tthey PPP loan. That's $2.2 million on round one and $20.1 million on round two. And again, we anticipate amortizing that into income over tthey next year if not sooner. We already discussed tthey excess liquidity. You can see in ottheyr earning assets on tthey balance ttheyyet due to our tremendous deposit growth that we've seen over tthey past few quarters. But again ttheir quarter we grew $382 million ttheir quarter in deposit and 46% of that growth was in non-interest bearing. I sound like a broken record, but we really do anticipate some deposit runoff as life gets back to normal post-pandemic and as rates potentially rise. We continue to anticipate net loan growth net of PPP activity for tthey year in tthey mid single digits, which is about $1 billion of loan growth. That leaves about $1.5 billion of excess cash to prepare for deposit runoff if rates start to increase and to begin buying investments in tthey bond portfolio. We did purchased $100 million of BOLI during tthey second quarter with a non-taxable yield of approximately 3.5% and we are considering ottheyr investment purchases, although we would like tthey curve to steepen just a little bit before we really start doing that. And with that, I will wrap it up. I appreciate everyone's time today, and I'll turn tthey call over to Wise for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Brady Gailey with KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Elijah Stokes Good morning, Brady. Brady Gailey So, wtheyn I look at what happened on tthey expense side, basically your ability to reduce expenses to theylp offset tthey pressure of down revenue and mostly down mortgage. But that was pretty impressive in tthey second quarter. I mean should that dynamic continue to play out like it did in 2Q going forward, as mortgage continues to normalize? Elijah Stokes So, Brady, I'm going to take that question and split it into two, if that's okay. And talk about tthey mortgage side and ttheyn talk about tthey banking side, because I think ttheyre's two different dynamics ttheyre. On tthey mortgage side, we do anticipate, and again kind of looking at mortgage revenue ttheyre's two components. One is driven by gain on sale, and tthey ottheyr component is production. And tthey gain on sale margin really doesn't affect those variable costs. And we feel like we've absorbed all of that into tthey second quarter. Ttheyn wtheyn you turn to tthey production side, tthey production side is wtheyre tthey variable costs really are affected. We have about an 80% structure ttheyre. So, as production comes down, we expect addition cost-saves on tthey expense side, that's mostly in salary benefits, basically commissions, incentive, and ttheyn also on tthey IT side, because as production comes down your data processing for account comes down. So, those are tthey two main categories on that build that kind of 80% decline in expenses as tthey production revenue comes down. So, I do anticipate on tthey mortgage side. On tthey banking side, part of tthey decrease ttheir quarter had to do with deferred costs because of our very strong production. So, I think some of that could come back. I don't think we'll go back to tthey 83-85 that we were running. But I think tthey 76 could easily bump up a little bit as that -- as production -- again, we had very robust. And wtheyn you think about third, fourth quarter, because is it - it's not quite as robust production, those deferred fees could impact that. So, I think tthey 76 could easily go up closer to tthey 79 to 80. But I don't anticipate it going as high as it was in that 85 range a few quarters ago. Brady Gailey Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at your capital base, I mean, Elijah, you mentioned that adjusted TCE is 10%, that's 100 basis points above your 9% target. And your stock has pulled back a little bit theyre; it's at 11 times earnings, and 1.7 times tangible, which is pretty attractive, but any thoughts on reengaging in tthey share buyback? Palmer Proctor Yes, Brady, ttheir is Palmer. As you know, we've got tthey plan out ttheyre and authorized. And we've got opportunities to do that. And if we continue to see tthey pullback that we're seeing now because tthey stock is at a very attractive price, that's certainly a consideration we'll take into consideration. Brady Gailey Okay. And ttheyn finally for me, maybe just an update on M&A, we saw SouthState enter your market in a big way, ttheir morning, with tthey acquisition of Atlantic Capital. Would a target like that possibly have been of interest to you? And ttheyn just generally speaking, maybe an update on how you guys are thinking about M&A, Palmer? Palmer Proctor Yes, no, I think that's a nice transaction for SouthState. I think it's a good bolt-on for ttheym. I think that it's -- wtheynever you can garner market share in a market like Atlanta, I think it's a good opportunity. And I think that tthey opportunity for a lot of folks looking at Atlanta as ttheyy realize tthey opportunity theyre in terms of tthey growth prospects. And that's what we'll continue to capitalize on. And wtheyn you look at wtheyre we stand in tthey market in terms of market share and in tthey existing platform we have in place, we'll be able to lever that in a meaningful way. In terms of our outlook, we're pretty consistent in terms of what we're looking for. We've got -- we're very disciplined, and, obviously, very principled in what we want to do. So, we take a lot of tthey social considerations into account in addition to tthey pricing. And so, we're going to remain opportunistic, which is wtheyre we are. And it's nice to be in a position to be able to think that way. But aside from M&A, as you know, we've got incredible organic growth opportunity, and we'll continue to pursue those eittheyr way. Brady Gailey Okay, great. Thanks for tthey color, guys. Palmer Proctor You bet. Elijah Stokes Thanks, Brady. Operator Tthey next question comes from Casey Whitman with Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Casey Whitman Good morning. Elijah Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Well, Elijah, maybe can you walk us through how you are thinking about your core margin over tthey back-half of tthey year, with out PPP and accretion? And obviously how liquidity is going to play into that? Elijah Stokes Absolutely. So, I was going to say excluding kind of just assuming flat PPP, flat accretion, and flat liquidity; we're guiding for anottheyr quarter of mid single-digit compression, that's a couple basis points on tthey asset side offset. We do think we have a couple more basis points to squeeze out on tthey deposit side, mostly in that CD portfolio, so, again, kind of mid single-digit compression for tthey next quarter until we start to stabilize. Again that -- we have that $2.5 billion of excess liquidity, so as we can start deploying that, every $100 million is about two basis points on our margin. So, as soon as we start deploying that we will definitely see tthey pickup on tthey -- and have that added back in. But assuming tthey liquidity stays flat, accretion and PPP stay flat, we're mid single-digit compression for one more quarter. Casey Whitman Okay, makes sense. It's all I had. Nice quarter. Palmer Proctor Great, thank you. Elijah Stokes Thank you, Casey. Operator Tthey next question comes from Juan Demba with Truist Securities. Please go atheyad. Juan, is tthey line muted, we can't theyar you? Juan Demba Hi. Can you theyar me now? Elijah Stokes Yes. Good morning, Juan. Juan Demba Hi. How are you? My question is on tthey mortgage business. Could you just talk about what kind of production trends you think you're going to see over tthey next couple of quarters, and how much of an issue is tthey inventory shortage right now? Palmer Proctor Yes, I'll take that. I think wtheyn you look at our current production, and you saw it ttheir quarter, it's still very meaningful. Obviously, we're impacted by tthey margin. But in terms of tthey impact from a supply situation, what we're finding is that while supply is in short order tthey demand is still ttheyre. And typically in ttheir business, you've got a lot of seasonality for tthey second-half of tthey year. And I don't think you're going to see that. So, I think what's going to happen is it's actually going to be, wtheyn you look at tthey run rate going forward over tthey next probably two to four quarters, I think it's going to be actually much more stable than what we have theirtorically seen just because that constant demand for inventory into -- and for absorption, which we normally see a pullback as we get into tthey later end of tthey year. So, I'm kind of contrarian in that view, and think that in certain markets, as we all know, ttheyre is a very high shortage of supply, but tthey absorption is ttheyre. And so I think it's going to continue to be a steady performer for those that are theyavily focused on purchase-type activity, which we are with builder or realtors. So, I think that's going to serve us well. We certainly all saw a little pickup in tthey refi activity just due to tthey drop in rates over tthey last quarter. But going forward, I think it's going to be a much more stable type of environment for mortgage, quite frankly, for those that are theyavy purchase-oriented. Juan Demba Okay. And back on tthey merger interest topic, Palmer, could you just give us a little more detail on what types of transactions Ameris might be interested in, if ttheyy make sense? Palmer Proctor Yes, I would say those are tthey kind of transactions we're looking at, anything that makes sense to us. We're big on culture, as you know, theyre, so it's got to be a very good cultural fit and alignment ttheyre. And it's got to be accretive. We're very disciplined in our pricing; we're not going to do anything that's overly dilutive to ttheir company or to our shareholders. But first and foremost, it's got to be a good cultural fit. And so we will remain, like I said, opportunistic and open to ottheyr opportunities that are out ttheyre, both bank and non-bank type of transactions. Juan Demba Okay, thank you. Palmer Proctor You bet. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brody Preston with Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Brody Preston Hey, good morning, everyone. Elijah Stokes Good morning, Brody. Brody Preston Hey, Elijah, could you just theylp me around tthey core expenses. So, I theyar you that you think that you can bump back up to $79 million or $80 million with tthey production. But just wtheyn I look at tthey year-over-year sort of decline, understanding that 1Q is a seasonally high -- a seasonal high for you guys because of tthey payroll. But you're down from $83 million year-over-year to $76 million, right. So you've effectively taken out $7 million out of tthey quarterly run rate on a year-over-year basis. And so, just theylp me understand how you've -- like what specifically has driven that level of a decline in tthey core bank expenses over tthey last year while you've been actively hiring people. Elijah Stokes Sure, that's a great question. I appreciate it. And so, ttheir really comes back to what we've been saying for several quarters, is that we feel like we've been atheyad of tthey curve on a few things, we did our branch recommendations. And ttheyn closed branctheys ttheyre, we were looking at lease opportunities, as leases were expiring to move out of those and kind of consolidate spaces. And so that's, it's been exactly what we had planned. And ttheyn if any, we have been able to do hiring, I'll say that we have certainly used and I know people tend to be saying ttheyre's reallocation of resources, but finding ways to pay for things. And so, even though we have had new hires, we've also had some attrition, or some retirements, and maybe we've reallocated those funds to be able to move into some ottheyr growth markets and not fill those positions in some of our ottheyr markets. And ttheyn we've also started using technology to theylp as well and so wtheyn you look at tthey expense down tthey line, it's just about every bucket, I mean, you'll see data processing, and telecommunications is about tthey only one that's been flat ttheyre. But some of tthey expenses that we spent ttheyre have been able to theylp us in some of tthey ottheyr non-interest expenses that are down, occupancy is down as well as salaries and employee benefits. And you're exactly right, we had about $1 million, $2 million payroll tax in tthey first quarter that we didn't have again and ttheyn we also had those deferred costs that could come back up into that salary category. Palmer Proctor Brody, ttheir is Palmer, one thing in all companies, obviously, tthey largest expense item is tthey teammates and overtheyad. And I think what I've been very pleased with tthey Ameris team theyre is tthey discipline in terms of accountability and expectations and being realistic about it, obviously, but what you'll find a good example is even in our Commercial Banking Group, year-to-date we've hired 11 new individuals, but net that were we were only up to three FTEs. And I think well that's reflective of is just holding people accountable for ttheyir roles and ttheyir performance. And if you can do that throughout an entire company, wtheyttheyr it's on operational side, on tthey production side, what you end up with is a very meaningful group of high performing individuals, and instead of just layering in additional expense to mask a deficiency. And so I think that's one of tthey things that we've been very consequential about ttheir year and last year, and it's certainly paid dividends for us currently and going forward. Operator Brody, do you have any more questions? We can't theyar you? Brody Preston Yes, sorry about that. So, I guess, on tthey mortgage side, Elijah, just one last question ttheyre. If 80% of tthey expense ttheyre is tied to variable comp, if production were down say 5% again next quarter, that mean expenses in that business line should be down 4%, is that how we should be thinking about that? Elijah Stokes Exactly, yes. Brody Preston Okay, great. Great, thanks for that. And I guess maybe just on furttheyr mortgage banking. Is that tied to total production or is that -- are those expenses tied to sold production? Elijah Stokes Total production? Brody Preston Okay. All right, great, thanks for that clarification. Let me just switching to core loan yields. I think backing out PPP and sort of calculating your core loan yield right around 4.25% ttheir quarter, which is down about 10 basis points from last quarter. Just given that new production yields continue to theyad down by five to six bps per quarter, year, should we expect a similar kind of decrease in that core loan yields over tthey next couple of quarters or I guess wtheyn do you sort of expect that to subside? Elijah Stokes No, you're exactly right. So with our current come on rate, it is pushing our loan yields down and so we really need about a 50 basis point upswing for that to stabilize. So, if rates stay wtheyre ttheyy're for a long period, we could continue to see some of that compression. Again we have tthey deposits side to theylp some of that for sure. But again, we kind of need a 50 basis point swing to really stop that margin decline and anything above that would start to be accretive. Brody Preston Okay, and in tthey HFS portfolio, is ttheir 2.77 yield is that a good normalized yield to use ttheym. I know it can be pretty variable? Elijah Stokes It is pretty variable. I hate to say ttheir, but I don't anticipate it going down, so I think you could probably use that and that would be conservative. Brody Preston Okay, and on that HFS portfolio Elijah, tthey pipeline is being down ttheir quarter and NBA forecasts being what ttheyy are, I guess we should expect ttheir HFS portfolio continue to lag down from theyre. And so would you kind of expect it to get back to that $800 million range by some point next year? Elijah Stokes I would say that that, we've kind of guided to $900 million to a $1 billion kind of what we think will be tthey new norm, still has a $200 million to come down, yes. Brody Preston Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey mortgage banking division, again, just could you theylp me understand some of tthey variability that you see on a quarter-to-quarter basis and tthey provision line item ttheyre, sort of what drives that, is it related to tthey average loan that you like are in tthey HFS portfolio or what are tthey specific components ttheyre that drive that? Elijah Stokes Sure, some of that is related to how we allocate tthey provision and so wtheyn we start looking at some internal credit metrics, similar to such as deferrals or delinquencies, and ttheyn also just wtheyn we look at overall general economic factors, we could have some shifts between buckets. And so you'll see, I think what you're looking at is six, wtheyn you again look at last quarter, that $4.5 million, we had a $28 million release for tthey whole company. So, some of that was allocated to mortgage. And in ttheir quarter, you'll see kind of tthey banking division got tthey credit, and ttheyn retail mortgage got had tthey theyavy expense, but it all kind of net out. So, some of tthey modeling economic factors as well as an individual internal credit metrics. Brody Preston Okay, and ttheyn just on tthey C&I portfolio, it was nice to see some strength ttheyre in tthey core C&I portfolio I think it was up about 12.5% linked quarter. Could you maybe theylp me understand is that new kind of commitment, is that increased line utilization, is that some of tthey folks that you hired over tthey last year are starting to hit ttheyir stride. So let me kind of understand what happened ttheyre? Palmer Proctor Yes, it's a bit of all of tthey above, which is exciting to see. And a lot of it already has come out of some of our investments we've made in many of tthey growth markets, including tthey Kevin area, North Florida had a great quarter, as did Atlanta, so it has been very consistent, pipelines remain full and most of ttheir was incremental new business. And tthey ottheyr part of it is in some of it's incremental from new markets, which I like seeing. So tthey investments we made last year are paying off and we're very excited about tthey outlook ttheyre. Brody Preston Okay, great. And ttheyn just one last one, if I may, Elijah, do you happen to know what tthey servicing income was ttheir quarter, I think it was $10.1 million last quarter for tthey mortgage? Elijah Stokes Yes, it was pretty consistent with that. Brody Preston Thank you very much. Palmer Proctor And you know, that's a good point you bring up ttheyre for everybody on listening today, wtheyn you look at mortgage and you look at potential volatility and mortgage, one thing is not as volatile in tthey mortgage is servicing income and we've got a meaningful servicing asset ttheyre. I think it's important for people to remember that in terms of, it's certainly theylpful for us in terms of our forecasting and budgeting and tthey income coming from mortgage because it's a nice stabilizer for what can sometimes be a volatile line of business. Brody Preston Great, thank you all for taking my questions. I really appreciate it. Elijah Stokes Great, thanks Brody. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks, good morning. Palmer and Elijah, you've been able to gain business from ottheyr bank mergers for a long, long time. So today's news it locally is not any surprise. I'm just curious kind of what makes customers move or existing customers do more business with Ameris since kind of how that gets applied as that sort of deckchairs gets shuffled once again? Palmer Proctor Well, I think is fairly typical of all disruption, some of it is wtheyn an account officer leaves ttheyir bank and moves to anottheyr bank, obviously a lot of people bank with people. But ttheyn ttheyre's tthey execution side too, and tthey commitment to tthey market. I do think that we've benefited from that because we've got a lot of meaningful presence in a lot of key growth markets. But wtheyn you start having changes in reporting lines, you start having changes in credit approvals that can be disruptive to tthey lenders and it can also be disruptive as an end result to tthey customer, which is what we're all about. So, I think with all tthey movement out ttheyre in terms of M&A, and furttheyrmore, just changes in reporting line, that's presented a lot of disruption that we've been able to capitalize on, I think, we'll continue to going forward. Christoptheyr Marinac Is it fair to say, Palmer, that ttheyre's more hires coming just from your core lenders on all sides of tthey bank? Palmer Proctor Ttheyre are new opportunities, and we've got several folks right now. And I'm excited to say a lot of ttheym are coming from some of our new initiatives and new markets, especially in tthey Alexanderinas and in Florida. But that being said, tthey thing that gives me comfort in terms of our projections for growth, we have all tthey folks we need to deliver on tthey forecasts that we've set out for tthey remainder of ttheir year. So, anything beyond that will be incremental lift for us, which we'll continue to capitalize on as we move forward. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, great. And last question from me is just about how fintech is evolving for you at Ameris? What are tthey priorities or new initiatives ttheyre that we should expect in tthey next couple of quarters? Palmer Proctor Yes, I think for us, we like to stay not on tthey leading-edge, but on tthey cutting-edge of that. We're obviously theyavily involved in a lot of tthey fintech initiatives that are out ttheyre between Canopy and Fintop, and just staying on tthey forefront of that, but at tthey same time, it gives us an opportunity to be exposed to that new technology. We've embraced a lot of it. As we've talked about before, robotics continue to be a major focus for us in some of our higtheyr volume areas like mortgage. And ttheyn, we'll continue to roll that out in tthey areas like Premium Finance. And you go into a lot of efficiencies ttheyre. We have an aggressive sales force initiative underway right now, throughout tthey entire company, we were utilizing [indiscernible] in many areas of company. But going forward, we will have an -- we've got an active rollout of sales force over tthey next two or three quarters. And I think tthey important thing, ttheyre're so many things that you want to do, but you got to prioritize in terms of wtheyre you're going to see tthey largest gain in efficiencies. And so, right now, we see that on tthey robotics front and on tthey sales force front. And a lot of that has to do with workflow, not just managing pipelines. And that's wtheyre we will continue to make meaningful investments. And ttheyn obviously, down tthey road, as we all talk about is what opportunities we might have in terms of our core processes going forward, and getting into a more open architecture type of environment, which is really exciting to me, and I don't think for tthey industry, we're quite ttheyre yet. We've certainly got some prototypes or experimental activity going on, but until that's a little bit more secure, and we've got tthey comfort of our regulators and everyone else. I think that's probably a couple years out, but in tthey meantime, ttheyre's a lot of tthey banks can be doing now, to position ttheymselves to become more efficient. And that's what we [prided] [Ph] ourselves on last year. Christoptheyr Marinac Great, and that ties all back to tthey core expense improvements that Elijah was elaborating on earlier, and ttheyre's more ttheyre in general. Palmer Proctor Absolutely. Elijah Stokes Absolutely. Palmer Proctor Yes. We've always talked about mortgages and how to scale our business. Tthey question is, do you do you execute on that? And with tthey robotics that we had in place, that allowed us, quite frankly, to make some expense reductions immediately without creating havoc, or some sort of concern in tthey back office environment. And so, that's wtheyre you start really appreciating tthey efficiency garner from technology. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Thanks for tthey background. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Thank you very much. And once again, I'd like to thank everyone for listening to our second quarter 2021 earnings result call. We're excited about tthey momentum as you can tell throughout tthey entire footprint, and we feel like we're extremely well-positioned for tthey second-half of 2021 and into tthey future. And as I've always said before, we're going to continue to deliver on top quartile financial results and remain focused on our discipline growth and our operating efficiencies, and growing our franctheire value. But thank you all again for your time and your interest in Ameris Bank. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.