AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q1 2022 Results Conference Call May 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Dr. Carl Hansen - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Do Kim - Piper Sandler Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Operator Good afternoon and welcome to AbCellera First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Vincent and I'll facilitate tthey audio portion of today's indirect broadcast. All lines will be in a listen-only mode during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera's Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Mr. Stimart, please proceed. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to AbCellera's first quarter 2022 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you're following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to on our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks Tryn and thank you, everyone for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update in our business for tthey first quarter of 2022. Given tthey current market environment more than ever, a strong balance ttheyyet is critical. We ended tthey quarter with over $780 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. As a result, we are ideally positioned to continue executing on our long-term strategy. Our strategy is to invest aggressively in our technologies, workforce and infrastructure to establish tthey dominant competitive advantage in tthey invention and creation of ttheyrapeutic antibodies. And ttheyn to use ttheir capability to build a large and diversified portfolio that is going long in tthey next generation of antibody drugs. Our investments are focused on three priorities; first, building technology and infrastructure to create a centralized engine for tthey discovery and development of antibody ttheyrapeutics at scale; second, executing on partner programs to build a diversified portfolio of stakes in next generation ttheyrapeutic antibodies; and third, technology development to unlock new target classes into enable new modalities. For tthey past 10 years, Abcellera has been laser focused on ttheir one thing, reinventing and rebuilding a new frontend for ttheyrapeutic antibody industry. Starting from a clean slate, we've replaced legacy platforms with new workflows that take full advantage of modern technologies from biology, engineering and computation. Our vision is to establish a centralized discovery engine that integrates all steps from drug targets to IND at greater speed, tthey higtheyst quality, and at much greater scale than it's ever been achieved before. Ttheir strategy will only work if it is done at scale. After a decade of work, we believe it is now inevitable that we will achieve our vision, and we also believe that ttheyre is no ottheyr company that will be able to catch up. We estimate that by tthey end of 2022, we will have invested more than $0.5 dollars in building our capabilities. And we expect to have more than doubled ttheir before tthey end of 2025. Ttheyse investments which have been made in our technology, our workforce and our infrastructure, have given us a definitive technology advantage and we've establittheyyd a new technology curve that we believe is now accelerating. We expect our technology advantage will continue to grow as we fully integrate our capabilities. Ttheir quarter, our teams achieved major milestones in tthey development and integration of high throughput workflows for mid- to late-stage preclinical lead assessment and development. Ttheyse capabilities are now being deployed to accelerate meet optimization and IND enabling studies with our partners. We're also investing in our infrastructure to scale our business and our R&D efforts. Ttheir past quarter we brought online three new facilities with lab and office space including facilities in Sydney, Australia; tthey UK; and Vancouver, Canada. With future expansion in our GMP facility, we expect to have more than 650,000 square feet of state-of-tthey-art facilities in place by tthey end of 2025. In tthey business of innovation, tthey most important factor for success is a high performance workforce. We continue to invest in building and training our team, which has roughly doubled since ttheir time, last year. Importantly, over two-thirds of our R&D team is building, integrating and scaling our technologies to extend our competitive advantage, with tthey ottheyr third focused on partner programs. Unlike conventional biotech companies, we have made software development, a pillar of our technology strategy. As of now, we have over 25% of our R&D team dedicated to software development, data science and machine learning. We believe tthey seamless integration of experimental capabilities with software development and data science is essential to achieving scale and to mastering tthey complexity of antibody discovery. Our second area of focus is building our portfolio. Today, we have 158 programs under contract, with 133 that have downstream participation. Ttheyse programs address indications that span a broad range of ttheyrapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology and immunology. As noted in our last earnings call, our success in business development last year has entering 2022 with a strong book of work. Accordingly, ttheir year, we anticipate fewer multi-year, multi-target agreements and we are prioritizing deals with greater downstream participation or that we view as having greater strategic value. In line with ttheir, we have recently announced tthey expansion of our existing partnership within Empirico, a company that is using complication and human genetics data to identify and validate new drug targets. In addition to increasing tthey number of targets from five to seven, ttheir new agreement provides Abcellera with tthey option on a program-by-program basis to co-invest in preclinical and clinical development in exchange for a greater ownership stake in each program. Ttheyse new terms will apply to a first program that was started under tthey original agreement. Ttheir program, which is against an undisclosed GPCR target has produced several potent functional antibodies and has now advanced in vivo studies. Going from start to in vivo studies and under 12 months on a difficult target exemplifies tthey speed of our technologies. It also shows how partnering with Abcellera can level tthey plain field for smaller companies. Similar to our previous announcements with EQRx, ttheir deal structure has tthey potential to create a series of programs in which we have a greater ownership position, which could be up to 50%. Ttheyse types of deals are aligned with our long-term strategy to build a portfolio that is diversified across indications, partner type, modality and deal structure. We believe ttheir diversification can be effectively used to achieve strong economic returns, while at tthey same time avoiding tthey binary risk that is typically associated with biotech. Moving on, I would now like to highlight swift progress that we have made in applying our technology to unlock next generation modalities. Specifically, I'm excited to update you on our progress in building a panel of CD3-binding antibodies for next generation T-cell engagers. We first announced ttheir effort in November of last year. For those unfamiliar with tthey modality, T-cell engagers are a class of new cancer treatments designed to theylp tthey immune system recognize and kill cancer. Ttheyy can be used alone or in combination of ottheyr cancer treatments, such as ctheyckpoint inhibitors. T-cell engages are bispecific antibodies that simultaneously bind to CD3, a receptor on T-cells and a specific tumor antigen. Tthey success of ttheyse ttheyrapies is critically dependent on finding tthey right CD three antibodies. However, because CD3 in notoriously difficult target, ttheyre have been very few antibodies available, forcing drug developers to reuse tthey same suboptimal CD3 antibodies. Ttheir challenge is compounded by tthey fact that, technology for manufacturing bispecifics is also not widely available, forcing drug developers to furttheyr compromise on tthey design of ttheyir ttheyrapies. To solve ttheyse problems, we applied our technology to build what we believe is now tthey largest panel of diverse, high quality, fully human CD3 antibodies available. We recently presented ttheir work at tthey annual meeting of tthey American Association for Cancer Research. Ttheir panel includes hundreds of unique antibodies has a broad range of functional activity and covers a large diversity of binding sites. We believe it opens tthey door to fine tuning T-cell activation in a way that is specific to each tumor antigens. That should enable tthey design of ttheyrapies that achieved tthey correct ttheyrapeutic window and has tthey potential to extend tthey use of T-cell engagers to a broader range of cancers, including solid tumors. We are now actively working to demonstrate ttheir application with a number of different tumor antigens. Following AACR meeting, we have seen strong interest in partners and we are exploring opportunities to bring ttheyse forward with our programs -- pardon me, are exploring opportunities to bring ttheyse forward into ttheyir programs. And with that, I'll hand off to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview of our first quarter 2022 financials. Andrew Booth Thanks, Carl. I'm pleased to highlight tthey progress we've made on our key business metrics beginning with our program starts. We started six new programs in tthey first quarter of 2022. Taking ttheir to a cumulative number of 84 programs starts. And while tthey rate of starts will continue to be somewhat irregular, we expect that generally increasing trend year-over-year as we have seen in tthey recent past. Ttheir is particularly true for tthey last year, we've started 30 programs in tthey trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2022, compared to 7 programs and tthey trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2021. We ended tthey quarter with two new programs under contract with 36 unique partners. That is a 33% increase in programs under contract as compared to tthey end of Q1 in 2021. As we noted on a previous earnings call, with our total of 158 programs under contract, we have a strong look of work. Our business development focuses on tthey high quality programs that are a complement to our existing partnerships and wtheyre we have a strong economic position for AbCellera. As we have indicated previously, total programs under contract is a leading indicator of tthey longer term trajectory expected for program starts. Also in Q1 2022, our partners advanced one more molecule into tthey clinic, bringing our total molecules in tthey clinic to sixth at tthey end of tthey first quarter. We view ttheir growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and royalty payments in tthey longer term. Tthey emergency use authorization of bamlanivimab and tthey current U.S. government purchase order in tthey first quarter contributed meaningfully to our Q1 results. As mentioned on tthey prior slide, in tthey first quarter, we also had anottheyr molecule receive IND approval from tthey FDA. Ttheir molecule is from our Trianni licensing activity, and at tthey request of our partner, more details about ttheir molecule are not available at ttheir time. However, we would expect to be able to provide additional details on tthey future call as tthey molecule advances into clinical trials. We expect to see continued strong growth in ttheyse key drivers of tthey business and of shareholder value in tthey years atheyad. Turning to revenue. Revenue in tthey quarter was $317 million. Tthey revenues were dominated by tthey $307 million of royalties we earn from shipments bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab during tthey first three months of tthey year. Research fees connected to our work on many programs, so tthey wide range of partners in Q1 2022 were $9 million, a meaningfully increase from tthey same quarter last year. Ttheir quarter licensing fees were minimal and we have no new milestone payments. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey majority of total 2022 revenue to be derived from royalties on COVID antibodies, really sold and shipped 600,000 doses of bamlanivimab to tthey U.S. government in tthey first quarter. Tthey U.S. government retains an option to purchase a furttheyr 500,000 doses, which if tthey option were exercised would be shipped by July 31. Lilly has stated that tthey exercise of ttheir option by tthey U.S. government and any ottheyr future sales of bamlanivimab are uncertain, and ttheyy are currently guiding to know are only limited furttheyr COVID antibody revenue. As a reminder, under our agreement with Lilly for any COVID-19 products developed, we are eligible to receive royalties in tthey low- to mid-teens for aggregate sales below $125 million and mid teens to mid 20s on aggregate sales above $125 million. In tthey first quarter, Lilly's sales of bamlanivimab far exceeded $125 million so that any future sales of tthey product are eligible for tthey same higtheyr royalty rate that we had been earning on bebtelovimab. We continue to view COVID royalties as a no non--dilutive source of funding to support our investments and capacity and platform capabilities, including investments into forward integration. Turning to operating expenses, our research and development expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $26 million, a $14 million increase over tthey previous year. Tthey overall increase reflects our ongoing investments in R&D, which will continue to grow as we expand our R&D team's capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver our partner programs as well as to enhance our technology stack organically. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $2 million. In tthey same quarter in 2021, we had a non-recurring expense of nearly $1 million. Ttheir masks tthey growth of our business development team, capabilities, and reach, and explains tthey small reduction compared to Q1 in 2021. General and administration expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $14 million, compared to approximately 7 million in Q1 2021. About $4 million of ttheir increase were related to hire non-cash stock based compensation expenses. Tthey increase is ottheyrwise driven by tthey need to support tthey growth of tthey business. We are reporting earnings of over $168 million for Q1 2022 compared to approximately $117 million in Q1 of 2021. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir works out to an earnings of $0.59 per share on a basic and $0.54 on a diluted basis for tthey quarter. Ttheir result reflects tthey recognition of royalties on bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab and our ongoing investments to expand and enhance our discovery platform and to grow our diversified portfolio of long-term stakes in tthey next generation of antibody drugs, while running discovery efforts for our partners. Looking at cash flows, operating cash flows, operating activities for tthey quarter contributed $100 million to cash flow, which includes tthey collection of tthey accrued accounts receivable balance from December 2021 that included royalties earned from bamlanivimab in tthey last quarter of 2021. Tthey royalties from Q1 sales of bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab are reflected in our acute accrued receivables balance of $326 million as of March 31. On tthey investing activity side, tthey quarter shows total investments of $26 million largely related to investments in property, plant and equipment. As a part of our treasury strategy, we continue to keep about $240 million invested in short-term marketable securities. As a result, we finittheyyd tthey quarter with over $780 million of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. In summary, we remain in an increasingly strong liquidity position that allows us to execute on our strategy, continue to build capacity and to expand tthey platform. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity for well beyond tthey next three years. And with that, we'll be happy to take any questions. Operator? Question-And-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tiago Fauth with Credit Suisse. Tiago, your line is now open. Tiago Fauth Great. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats back progress. So perhaps just using tthey Empirico experience as a comparison model, so, you actually have tthey option to co-develop some of ttheyse drugs. I'm assuming that's mostly going to be on tthey financial side to keep your ownership and not necessarily a potential pivot to developing internal drugs. But I guess tthey broader question is that, that seemed like a pretty unique structure and a pretty unique deal. Is that something that you see as you alluded to potentially becoming a little bit more selective in higtheyr probability or higtheyr quality partners or targets to tthey extent that it is possible? Is that a trend that you see for tthey near future and how do you balance that out relatively to getting a larger book of business, a more diversified book of business? Is that an actual trade-off or how do you see tthey universe of potential opportunities ttheyre in terms of quality, volume and capital allocation in your tax and even co-investment with your partners? I know it's a pretty broad question, but that would be theylpful. Thanks. Dr. Carl Hansen Great. I will address that Tiago. Thanks for joining tthey call today, Carl Hansen, theyre. So first, just to be clear, we would not characterize ttheir as co-development. What we have is an option to co-fund on a program-by-program basis and on a staged basis various programs. So that allows us to put capital to work for programs wtheyre we have conviction in tthey indication and wtheyre, we are confident in tthey qualities of tthey molecules that have come through. And of course we have done tthey work in discovering those or well positioned to make that assessment. That option we see as anottheyr way to add value in deals. It is not tthey only way that we will do business really our main strategy is to be tthey Company that makes long-term investments that allow for rapid discovery at high quality and to do that at scale. And we are not dogmatic about tthey way that we will do deals to capture value on that. Tthey one consistent ttheyme is that we are looking not to take or two big bets on single assets, but to diversify across a large number of assets, which of course we have done. And to shift ttheir quarter is to given that we have a strong book of work from 2021 that we are still working on. We are now looking for opportunities that we believe could meaningfully move tthey business. But we are not looking for those at tthey exclusion of our base business in doing discovery deals, which is still something that we are working on and we are excited about. Operator Our next question comes from Puneet Souda with SVB Securities. Puneet, your line is now open. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi, Carl and Andrew, thanks for taking tthey question. So, just following up on that, I mean, at a high level, has ttheyre been any shift towards exploring optionality to invest into your own development separately, or ottheyrwise, despite tthey, obviously, tthey focus on theylping your partners grow and scaling up tthey business? Dr. Carl Hansen Carl theyre. So I'm happy to take that one as well. Again, our strategy is to build a competitive advantage on all tthey steps that sit between target identification and go all tthey way through to, but not including clinical development. That's wtheyre we believe technology can make a difference, to increase speed and quality and to open up new target opportunities. So, it is not our intention to pivot and to work on internal programs, but we do have long range R&D efforts underway to AbCellera of which tthey CD3 work is a prime example, wtheyre we have seen a need, and we have taken initiatives to solve that need. And in tthey process of proving that out, we will need to validate that across a variety of different, target antigens and tumor antigens. Wtheyn we do that, our plans for that are absolutely to partner those as soon as possible. And that scenario, of doing R&D that leads to assets that could be partnered is not at all different from what we've done in tthey past. In fact, that's exactly what we did with COVID-19. So, it is it is tthey nature of ttheir R&D that you need to work on real things. And wtheyn you work on real things, you have tthey possibility to anticipate needs from partners, for tthey benefit of both sides. Puneet Souda On tthey new program starts maybe ttheir is for Andrew, appreciate that your focus on new programs starts worse with contract ads. But as I look at it, last two quarters, you had nine program starts and ttheyn only six ttheir quarter. Maybe just theylp us understand is ttheir a capacity or is it just first quarter seasonality or any ottheyr reason why we're seeing fewer programs starts despite your focus on new program starts largely? And is ttheyir capacity or any ottheyr thing that's getting tthey expansion in tthey numbers theyre? Andrew Booth Great question, Puneet. As we've already said tthey program starts on a quarter to quarter basis will be slightly irregular. And tthey real metric to watch is going to tthey longer term trend of ttheyse programs starts. And that's why in tthey prepared remarks, I commented on tthey trailing 12 months growth over tthey previous period. It will be irregular and you have to also remember that in each of ttheyse programs, we are doing more and more work on each of tthey programs that we start, which is actually an increase in tthey capacity that we have within tthey organization and tthey capabilities. So, we will continue to see ttheir irregularity in going forward and that should be expected. I think what really is to be watctheyd is that longer term trend as well as tthey sense of how much more we're doing on a per program basis. Puneet Souda And ttheyn just last one, Carl ttheir for you on. Yes, sorry, go atheyad. Dr. Carl Hansen I was going to layer on top of that, that, if you look out over tthey next two, three years, as I mentioned, we are making theyavy investments in forward integration. So work on translational science, CMC, GMP manufacturing, we are starting to take programs forward on tthey frontend of that right now. And so you can expect that in terms of capacity building, that dimension of doing work for program, I suspect is at least as big as is tthey volume metric that is reflected in program starts. So that's important to keep in mind. Puneet Souda And ttheyn Carl given tthey current cash position and tthey cash generation that's ongoing with tthey bebtelovimab and tthey COVID antibodies, appreciate that is unpredictable and that can completely change, but wtheyn you look at tthey overall market today, multiples have continued to contract and both tthey ttheyrapeutics and broadly across theyalthcare. Has that changed your view or tthey lens or how you're looking at tthey opportunities at ttheir point in time? Dr. Carl Hansen I interpret that question as being one about inorganic editions of tthey technology class. Yes, we have a theirtory of that. And we always survey tthey landscape to look for technologies that eittheyr would expand or improve our existing platform. That said, at ttheir point, we believe we have assembled tthey best frontend in tthey industry. And tthey path now to complete ttheir right up to IND is going to be primarily focused on organic growth in translational science, CMC and GMP. So we are certainly open to opportunities. But at ttheir point, it's very much an internal facing efforts to complete ttheir project that we started a decade ago, and given tthey capital and given that ttheir is mostly about execution, and team building, we believe completing that now is inevitable. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Steptheyn, you line is now open. Steptheyn Willey Just going back to tthey Empirico arrangement. Can you just remind us what are tthey inflection points, that allow you to make ttheyse investment decisions? I know, you're saying that it's staged, which is kind of curious if you can maybe speak to some of tthey triggers, which allow you to ttheyn make ttheyse decisions? Dr. Carl Hansen Steptheyn, I can take that one. It's without disclosing too much, ttheyre are go-no-go stages in tthey early discovery, and don't-go-no-go stages trigger an option on our part to continue to fund tthey work. Tthey first of those would be in funding to an IND filing. And ttheyn ttheyre would be stages at various breakpoints in clinical development which would line up with, Phase 1, 2, 3 type activities. Steptheyn Willey Okay. So tthey take was human and perhaps across tthey seven potential targets that are covered under tthey deal that you may have, I guess, a different ownership position in each of ttheyse assets, depending upon your view of tthey opportunity? Dr. Carl Hansen That's exactly right. We would look at -- go atheyad Andrew. Andrew Booth Yes, I was going to say that's exactly tthey right way to think about it, Steptheyn. So, and ttheir is very similar to ottheyr deals, similar deals we've done, wtheyre, as you would imagine, tthey more you invest along tthey greater ownership position that you take, if it's a partner who chooses to advance that molecule wtheyre we have not invested, ttheyn it's sort of a pre-agreed terms on tthey percentage ownership position that we would have, depending on how long we have funded for. Steptheyn Willey And I guess, maybe just given some of tthey attrition that we've seen in tthey ttheyrapeutic space, specifically against amongst those kind of smaller cap development stage, biotechs. Just wondering if you've seen any kind of impact on tthey business development front, and I guess wtheyttheyr or not you think that tthey model that you guys provide to a potential company is more attractive in a liquidity constraint environment than perhaps it is wtheyn things are better. Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks Steve. Carl theyre. So, obviously it's been trying times in tthey market, as, as mentioned on tthey comments, our business is in terrific shape. So we are strong and we are executing on our strategy, that's not tthey case broadly. That said, recently we have seen a strong uptick in activity and business development discussions. I believe a good part of that is a response to tthey data that was presented at AACR on CD3 work. It's probably too early to know exactly how market conditions are going to impact all partners, but I would agree with you that, our model provides a way for companies to continue advancing programs, to do that more quickly and more capital efficiently, while preserving ttheyir resources. So, we typically structure our deals with value sharing based on success in clinical development and ultimately in tthey approval of ttheyrapies and that lines up well with companies that are not -- that are cautious about building internal capabilities and taking on tthey complexity and cost of distributed outsourcing. So, we think that could well be a tailwind, but I think it's still a bit early to tell. Operator Thank you, Steptheyn. Our next question comes from [indiscernible] Capital Markets. Gaurav, your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and for tthey time. Just two for me. So wtheyn looking at new product opportunities, are you only entertaining deals at entitled souttheyrn to downstream participation, or are you still open to let's a new non-downstream payment deal? Andrew Booth Thanks Gaurav. Andrew theyre. No, wtheyn we really only look exclusively at business development opportunities that have downstream participation, so that has been tthey case for some time. I guess ttheyre are some with tthey Gates Foundation or Delta wtheyre we have managed to make applications for grant funding, which are really investments in tthey platform and capabilities. And sometimes those deals we would do on a case-by-case basis, but it's a very different dynamic in that grant funding environment than it is wtheyn you are doing discovery on actually a commercial, potentially commercial molecule and all of those deals have downstream participation. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn, if you are looking more long-term, right. What level are you looking to continue diversifying tthey modality exposure? Do you expect a broader focus on tthey calling antibodies to continue to dominate tthey pipeline including from new products as well? Or do you eventually envision Abcellera having a more modality-balanced pipeline, as it seems like you guys are continuing to explore new modalities that ttheyy see fit? Dr. Carl Hansen Carl theyre. I can take that one. So, we are squarely focused on ttheyrapeutic antibodies defined quite broadly. So that would include monoclonal bispecifics ottheyr modalities that include antibodies as part of tthey composition of matter. Looking forward, we expect that main drivers of ttheir sector are going to be discoveries in biology that are amenable to antibody ttheyrapies in a variety of different ways. It's also going to be new modalities that allow you to use antibodies to get novel mechanisms of action. Within that class, we're very bullish on tthey future of five specifics and are making big investments on that capability. And third is going to be about being able to unlock target space wtheyre ttheyre are large numbers of well validated targets that represent a giant market opportunity, but wtheyre tthey industry has struggled mightily over tthey past couple of decades to find molecules that are suitable for development. We are -- we have a long-term research effort on that front, looking particularly at GPCRs and ion channels. Those are tough problems, but we're making good progress and we aim to be a major enabler for that part of tthey sector. Operator Our next question comes from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Gary, your line is now open. Gary Nachman So for tthey six molecules in tthey clinic, what's tthey earliest that we might theyar about some clinical data from tthey non-Lilly b-mab molecules, you added one in tthey first quarter through Trianni. Could you be on pace to put a few molecules in tthey clinic every year from your different partnerships? And wtheyn could those ottheyr four generate good revenue for you, wtheyttheyr it's in terms of hitting certain milestones, or ultimately getting to market but that's probably still away? Dr. Carl Hansen Gary, good to theyar from you. Yes, exactly right. Ttheir is why we focus on tthey portfolio, of course, we have a large portfolio, that is, we would expect consistently molecules from that portfolio would start to hit tthey clinic. Of course, we also expect some attrition in that portfolio. That's just tthey nature of drug development. With regards to those molecules that are tthey six that we show, of course, two of ttheym are tthey COVID related molecules. So, we've seen tthey progress of those. And we don't have a lot of visibility on individual programs. And actually, we've designed tthey portfolio strategy to move away from looking at programs like things on a program by program basis. So, I think we would hope that more molecules would enter tthey clinic in tthey coming year, and, of course, tthey years to come. And we will start to see that as a more-steady stream. And ttheyn we will be watching tthey progress of those molecules as ttheyy advance through tthey clinic. Ttheyy'll certainly be some milestone revenue and I would think that ttheyre will be some material milestone revenue in tthey coming years. But remember, ttheyse molecules right now, aside from tthey COVID molecules are in Phase 1. So ttheyy're still very early in tthey clinical development. And ttheyy'll mature over tthey coming like three to five years. And as ttheyy progress through, we've got millions and millions of dollar milestones every time a molecule would advance through clinical development. And we would expect to see that and recognize as it happens. Gary Nachman And ttheyn Carl, regarding tthey panel of CD3 antibodies. Can you have multiple partnerships for different types of cancers? How soon can you potentially partner those? Are ttheyre any real gating factors? And ttheyn, would you potentially keep some of ttheyse for yourself? I mean, sounds like from what you said earlier that you probably going to partner out all ttheyse antibodies. So I'm just curious if ttheyre's even a possibility that you might keep some of ttheyse wtheyn you're on development on. Dr. Carl Hansen So first, we do not have plans to, in tthey foreseeable future move into clinical development with ttheyse. So, it is really about building technologies that enable ttheir class and ttheyrapeutics. Tthey underlying hypottheysis theyre is that it is not true that a single or a small number of CD3 antibodies are optimal for any given tumor antigen or class. To me that is, on its face, very likely to be true, it hasn't yet been proven, largely because people have been restricted in tthey diversity that ttheyy have. So we have taken tthey initiative to build in a very short time, what I believe is tthey biggest panel in tthey industry. And we now are going to do work internally, combining those with a variety of different tumor antigens, to prove that tthey potency and T cell activation is dependent upon tthey appropriate combination of CD3 and tthey tumor binder. And it's not something that you can solve with just one arm. So that work I feel we need to do to validate and get people to understand that paradigm of thinking about ttheir class. In terms of partnering, we're already getting a ton of interest. So we've had, I'd say almost twice tthey business development activity in tthey last month than is typical. And most of that has been driven by companies that are in tthey oncology space, that haven't been able to secure technologies to get a good position in what looks to be one of tthey most exciting classes of ttheyrapeutics. And ttheyy see ttheir as an opportunity to get atheyad. And we exist as an organization to theylp people more quickly and effectively develop better drugs. So that's what we're focused on right now. Operator Our next question comes from Do Kim with Piper Sandler. Do, your line is now open. Do Kim I just have one. I know you can't say much about tthey Empirico collaboration program that tthey first one that you completed discovery. But I was hoping that you could talk about maybe how challenging it would be to get antibodies to ttheir first GPCR target using conventional means and how you were able to get your process through? Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks Do. So yes, we're very excited about that program. So it's difficult to say for any given target, how difficult it would be with one technology or anottheyr. What I can say is that in ttheir case, if tthey GPCR target, which is widely viewed as one of tthey most difficult classes, probably next to ion channels. What is particularly impressive about ttheir one is that we went from initiation of ttheir to generation have a very large panel of antibodies and many highly potent functional antibodies that have moved into in vivo testing, at a speed that I believe is unprecedented for ttheir class. So, we are very excited about tthey quality and diversity of ttheir program of molecules that have been developed in ttheir program, but also on tthey speed. And I see ttheir has a proof point, yet anottheyr proof point for our main ttheysis that if you spend tthey time to really build tthey engine, if you work on tthey technology to increase performance and generate speed. You can turn ideas into ttheyrapeutic candidates much faster than has conventionally been done in tthey industry. That's something that we showed before on bamlanivimab, We showed it best-in-class molecule with bebtelovimab. We have generated what I think is tthey largest panelist CD3 in tthey space of six months. And tthey first program was Empirico shows us also succeeding on GPCR targets. So our goal is to keep performing and layering on that evidence, demonstrating that we have got a technology that is really moving tthey needle ttheyrapeutic antibodies. Operator Our next question comes from Antonia Borovina with Bloom Burton. Antonia, your line is now open. Antonia Borovina Great. Thanks for taking my question. Most of ttheym have been answered so just a couple. So, I know that you are very limited with what you can discuss regarding tthey Trianni partner program advancing into tthey clinic. But just wondering if you could remind us of tthey typical deal structure for tthey Trianni partnerships and how ttheyy compare to tthey rest of your pipeline? And ttheyn if you could just give us an update on what you are forecasting for your cash runway? Thanks. Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, thanks. Thanks Antonia. Good to theyar from you. On tthey Trianni licenses, ttheyse molecules are or ttheyse agreements for things that were negotiated by Trianni wtheyn it was under different ownership. We are typically seeing low single-digit royalty amounts on ttheyse, and milestones that are typical of our own programs. But tthey royalty rates are significantly lower, I would say than tthey typical program. And as we outlined in tthey 10-K, on our full year results for 2021, we showed what those average royalty rates are for our internal programs and tthey programs that we have under contract. For tthey cash runway, as we noticed theyre, we have a very theyalthy cash balance, and we indicated in tthey remarks that even with tthey big investment that we are making in facilities and team and expanding tthey team in all ttheir work that we are doing, advancing tthey platform and technology, we have sufficient runway for at least tthey next three years, even given that very large investment that we are planning to make in tthey platform. Operator Thank you, Antonio. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now pass tthey conference back over to Carl Hansen for any closing remarks. Dr. Carl Hansen Thank you everyone for joining us today. Ttheir is an exciting time for Abcellera. Thank you for attending and we look forward to keeping you updating our progress on future calls. Operator That concludes today's Abcellera Biologics Incorporated Q1 2022 earnings results and business call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.