AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal & Compliance Officer Carl Hansen - Chief Executive Officer & President Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Willie Tan - Goldman Sachs Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Steven Mah - Cowen Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Malcolm Hoffman - BMO Gaurav Goparaju - Berenberg Operator Good afternoon, and thank you, and welcome to AbCellera's Second Quarter 2023 Business Update Conference Call. My name is Jason, and I will be tthey facilitator for tthey audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions and answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions]  At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera’s Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Tryn Stimart  Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera's second quarter 2023 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today as we discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today, which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call today are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you are following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those of you who have access to tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay in that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for certain risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are U.S. dollars. Now I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Dr. Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen  Thanks Tryn. In preparation for today's call, I was reflecting on conversations that we've had with investors over tthey past few years. In tthey best of cases, we've had tthey opportunity to build deep relationships, and a clear understanding of what we're doing as a company as well as trust in our ability to execute. In newer relationships, we often get questions from investors that are related to antibody -- tthey antibody discovery space and how our company or our platform or strategy differs from competitors. Accordingly, I thought, I would start today by sharing some perspectives on tthey different markets and business strategies that are associated with antibody ttheyrapies. First, antibody discovery is not one thing. It is a collection of hundreds of different steps each contributing to tthey goal of finding a best-in-class ttheyrapy that meets all tthey needs for a ttheyrapeutic program. Some examples of ttheyse activities include reagent generation, immunization, screening, sequencing, DNA synttheysis, molecular engineering, expression purification, functional testing, affinity maturation, immunogenicity assessment, biophysical characterization, liability assessment and much, much more. It's a long list. Tthey point is that antibody discovery cannot be reduced to a single technology. It can't be built overnight. And it takes many years of investment and hard work to assemble and integrate tthey people facilities technologies know-how and relationships that are needed to bring drugs efficiently from tthey idea stage to clinical testing. Tthey better ttheyse capabilities tthey greater tthey speed tthey efficiency and tthey likelihood of success. Ttheir is what we've been building over tthey past decade. Wtheyn anybody discovery is successful, it results in a small number of antibody sequences. Typically, a development candidate and a few backups that are ready to advance into cell line development and IND-enabling studies, and ttheyn into clinical testing. Given tthey difficulty and complexity of ttheir endeavor, ttheyre are many different types of businesses that are associated with antibody discovery. For example, some companies focus on selling instruments that offer point solutions to one or more of tthey steps in tthey process. Ttheyir end market is tthey sale of instruments and consumables to biotech pharma and contract research organizations and ttheyy make ttheyir money by capturing a margin on tthey sale. Accordingly, ttheyir goal is to sell as many instruments and devices as possible with little emphasis on and no participation in tthey success of each program. Ttheyre are ottheyr businesses that focus on providing research services that address one or more specific stages in tthey antibody discovery process. Here, tthey end market is tthey sale of outsourced R&D for biotech and pharmaceutical companies and work is typically done on a fee-for-service basis. Again, ttheir means that ttheyir goal is to work on as many programs as possible while maximizing margins and have -- and that ttheyy have no participation in and again little emphasis on tthey success of each program. By contrast, AbCellera is in tthey business of discovering new ttheyrapeutics that actually reach patients in need around tthey world. We do not run tthey business to maximize deal volume. We structure deals to maximize value associated with tthey success of each program. And we are selective about who we work with and what we work on. Ultimately, in every program we do whatever is required to make tthey program successful. Although we generate near-term revenue associated with research fees, ttheir is not our end market. Our end market is tthey sale of antibody ttheyrapeutics. Ttheir is a much larger market that was estimated to generate annual sales of $250 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach well over $400 billion by 2030. We believe that our success in ttheir market requires a high degree of technical differentiation, discipline in selecting tthey partners and programs we work on and patient execution of our strategy. Our strategy is to build a technological advantage in our antibody discovery engine and to use ttheir engine to assemble a large and diversified portfolio of economic positions and programs that are ultimately developed and commercialized as medicines by our partners. In line with ttheir strategy, a large portion of our time and capital is directed towards building tthey engine. Ttheir is our competitive moat and it is tthey foundation for all of our business initiatives. In tangible terms, our engine includes, a high-performance team, a suite of proprietary technologies knowhow and data assets over 60,0000 square feet of state-of-tthey-art lab and office facilities that are eittheyr online or under construction and tthey integrated software systems, processes and workflows that bring it all togettheyr. Over tthey past quarter, forward integration remained a major focus of our platform development recruiting and infrastructure projects. Ttheir effort includes building capabilities in translational science, process development and manufacturing that we expect to be completed by 2025. Tthey functional goal of our engine is to provide a full solution from program concept to IND filing. As a result, we also need to build regulatory and clinical development capabilities. Ttheyse efforts are well underway. Equally important to establishing our core capabilities and perhaps tthey most challenging is complex coordination of our workflows and technologies. Ttheir effort includes building data systems, software and processes that are fully integrated with all experimental capabilities. We believe ttheir type of integration is unique and that it provides a durable competitive advantage for our business. It is integration that will allow us to do antibody discovery and development at greater speed, scale and precision than has previously been possible. We will achieve ttheir through tthey continuous testing and improvement that can only come through advancing multiple programs from concept to tthey clinic. Ttheir quarter we made a significant announcement with tthey governments of Canada and British Columbia to advance ttheir objective. As part of an eight-year project worth $519 million we secured $222 million in non-dilutive financing from tthey governments of Canada and British Columbia. Ttheir project directly supports our strategic plan on three main axes; completing tthey build of our facilities; establishing and validating fully integrated capabilities to take programs from concept to tthey clinic; and supporting tthey development of up to 17 pre-partnered programs up to and through Phase 1 clinical trials. Tthey impact of ttheir new non-dilutive funding on our business includes a stronger liquidity position that will allow us to aggressively execute on our strategy with a high level of capital efficiency a stronger engine that allows us to offer highly differentiated end-to-end capabilities to select partners and a strengttheyned portfolio through tthey advancement of multiple wholly-owned pre-partnered programs from initiation all tthey way to Phase 1 clinical trials. In particular ttheir new government funding will allow us to advance more pre-partnered programs including those arising from our technology development efforts in two strategic areas; T-cell engagers and ion channels and GPCRs. We believe success in ttheyse programs will drive value in multiple dimensions of tthey business. First, ttheyy provide a forcing function for platform development and improvement including tthey establishment of integrated manufacturing capabilities. Second, bringing programs to a value inflection point will create high value out licensing opportunities that bring cash flow forward and allow us to capture a greater share of downstream value. And third, demonstration of our ability to succeed on targets and problems that are widely viewed as intractable will attract additional and higtheyr value partner-initiated programs. As I said earlier through ttheir work we will build capabilities in translational science regulatory affairs and clinical development. I am pleased to share that Geoff Nichol, most recently at BioMarin will be leading ttheir effort as our theyad of pre-partnered programs. Geoff brings deep expertise in building and leading teams and has brought multiple new medicines through to approval. I am excited to be working with Geoff and to have them on board and would like to warmly welcome them to tthey AbCellera team. And with that I'll hand over to Andrew to discuss our financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. First, let me highlight progress made in our key business metrics in tthey second quarter of 2023. Ttheir quarter we started work on five new discovery programs, taking us to a cumulative total of 106 partnered program starts. As a reminder, tthey number of starts in any given quarter will be irregular. Over tthey trailing 12 months, we have started work on 18 partner-initiated programs. We signed no new programs under contract in tthey quarter and ended tthey second quarter of 2023 with 177 programs under contract with 41 unique partners. As we have stated in tthey past we continue to do more work and add more value per program. We focus on and emphasize tthey quality of tthey programs that we work on rattheyr than ttheyir absolute number. As we mentioned on tthey last call tthey numbers included in our key business metrics do not include pre-partnered programs from our internal technology development efforts. We see evidence of tthey differentiation of our engine and tthey value it creates wtheyn it attracts partnerships from tthey most innovative and best-establittheyyd drug developers in tthey industry. Additional evidence that we're creating value is wtheyn our programs reach patients through clinical trials and in Q2 2023, we continue to report nine molecules in tthey clinic. And we view ttheir growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and long-term royalty payments. Turning to revenue, revenue in tthey quarter was approximately $10 million, almost entirely driven by research fees relating to work on partner-initiated discovery programs. Ttheir compares to approximately $13 million in Q2 of 2022. Tthey decrease is primarily due to a shift away from work on higtheyr upfront free programs such as our contract with DARPA on pandemic response. On tthey broader portfolio of programs, we actively worked on approximately 20 programs in tthey quarter and had an approximately 10% year-over-year increase in revenue from tthey underlying work of ttheir portfolio. Ttheir quarter's revenues also included some small amounts related to licensing fees and ttheyre were no new milestone payments in tthey quarter. Turning to operating expenses. Our research and development expenses for tthey second quarter were approximately $36 million, representing a roughly $10 million increase over tthey same period of tthey previous year. Ttheir increase reflects tthey continued growth in program execution and platform development. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $4 million compared to $3 million in Q2 of 2022. Ttheir increase reflects tthey continued investments in our business development activities. And finally, in general and administration expenses, we had approximately $16 million of expense compared to approximately $14 million in Q2 of 2022. Ttheir modest increase reflects some operating leverage that we continue to see in our G&A investments, which we make to support tthey overall growing business. Looking at earnings, we are reporting a net loss of roughly $31 million. Ttheir compares to a net loss of approximately $7 million in Q2 of 2022. Tthey increased loss reflects our continued investments in tthey business and tthey absence of royalty revenues that were present in Q2 2022. In terms of earnings per share, tthey quarter's results to work out to a loss of $0.11 per share on a basic and diluted basis. Looking at cash flows. Operating activities for tthey first six months of 2023 used roughly $24 million. In tthey absence of regular royalty revenues, we would expect our quarterly operating cash flow to be irregular and often negative as we continue to invest in tthey growth and capabilities of tthey company. As a part of our treasury strategy, we have over $615 million invested in short-term marketable securities. Our investment activities for tthey first six months of tthey year include approximately $106 million net increase in ttheyse holdings as a part of our overall cash management strategy. All ottheyr investment activities amounted to approximately $78 million, including $42 million invested in property, plant and equipment and $37 million in long-term investments. Investments in property and equipment are, of course, driven in large part by our ongoing work to establish CMC and GMP manufacturing capabilities. Altogettheyr, we finittheyyd tthey quarter with over $820 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We have theirtorically been successful at raising non-dilutive sources of capital. And as Carl mentioned, ttheir quarter, we announced an over $220 million funding commitment from tthey governments of Canada and British Columbia. As a reminder, our continuing GMP facility build-out is also separately co-funded by tthey government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund. Ttheir available capital does not show up on our balance ttheyyet. And for ttheir reason, our non-dilutive government funding should be taken into account wtheyn evaluating our overall liquidity position. With over $820 million on tthey balance ttheyyet in cash and equivalents, plus tthey recently announced $220 million of government funding added to tthey previously secured funding, we have well over $1 billion in total available liquidity. Ttheir is far more than our liquidity position from 1 year ago wtheyn we reported our Q2 of 2022 financials. With respect to our operating expenditures, our capital needs are very manageable, and we remain in a strong liquidity position that allows us to fully execute on our strategy with excellent visibility and runway. We continue to believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fund well beyond tthey next three years of investment and growth. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Willie Tan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Willie Tan Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. Carl maybe one for you. First thanks for tthey thoughts on, how you're differentiated from ottheyrs in tthey antibody discovery business. I wanted to ask you though on AI, if ttheyre has obviously been a lot of focus theyre and excitement in tthey area particularly around, how it can be leveraged to disrupt tthey drug discovery and development process. Would love to theyar your perspectives theyre on -- on wtheyre ttheir technology stands today how you're using it specifically in your platform and your thoughts on wtheyre it goes from theyre? Thanks so much. Carl Hansen Thanks, Willie. I appreciate tthey question. Certainly, ttheyre's a lot of buzz out ttheyre, and we have a lot of conversations with investors who are trying to understand what is real in tthey AI space and what is not. First, one perspective is that what has happened recently is that ttheyre have been some big breakthroughs in AI associated with technologies that everyone can see and understand, most obviously Chat GPT. I think tthey naive assumption ttheyn is that AI has reactheyd a tipping point wtheyre it can solve any problem. And people are racing to find wtheyre is AI going to make tthey biggest difference in ottheyr sectors, including antibody discovery. So I've actually had people come to me and ask what does Chat GPT mean for your business? Tthey short answer is it means nothing for antibody discovery. Tthey conclusion is that in order -- if you have huge data sets and you have tthey ability to quickly refine models. We have examples now in alpha fold and Chat GPT that AI can create some big lift and some surprising power in doing prediction. In tthey antibody space, ttheyre's been a lot of talk about generative AI. And ttheyre's a couple of dimensions of ttheir that I think people should think about more carefully. So tthey first is how you set up tthey problem. And very often, tthey problem is set up as I've got a target, and I'm going to use a machine learning algorithm in order to try to design an antibody that binds on a specific part of tthey structure. So if you set it up that way, tthey first thing that you're doing is you're making an assumption that you know wtheyre you want to bind on a target to get a good drug. And generally, that is not true. So one of tthey biggest things you need to learn in drug discovery is which part of tthey target is best to engage with tthey antibody. So if you start by picking tthey spot, you've eliminated a huge number of solutions that could get you to a better ttheyrapeutic. Tthey second part is that today, our view is that we are very far away from being able to de novo generate an antibody that would have tthey right properties for development and that could actually recognize that part of tthey target. Ttheyre have been some examples of doing that. But typically, ttheyy start wtheyre you already have an antibody that binds on location or you've built a model wtheyre you have many, many examples of antibody antigen interfaces. And if that's tthey case, ttheyn you've actually already solved tthey problem before you've begun. So it's not a real problem that moves thing forward. Now, on tthey flip side, ttheyre are some really powerful applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning. That can be applied across drug discovery. In our particular space ttheyy fall into two categories. And tthey first one is in using machine learning models and artificial intelligence to very quickly analyze complex data sets and extract actionable information. So we use ttheir in a variety of steps in data acquisition and that allows us to accelerate to scale to increase efficiency and to increase precision of tthey initial experimental steps. Tthey next piece that is exciting and wtheyre we see a huge opportunity in fact I believe we have an opportunity in ttheir space that is bigger than anything else that I've seen in tthey antibody discovery universe is if you start with many different antibodies and solutions which we can generate you can use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods to better design variants that allow you to more quickly optimize and refine antibodies. That's work that's in progress and we think that's a very exciting way to accelerate and improve tthey process of antibody discovery. Now tthey final thing I'll say is that ttheir is a long road. So we think we've got a huge opportunity. In order to win in ttheir what you need is experimental capabilities to generate tthey data. You need to have done tthey hard work on tthey software systems to organize and create tthey relationships between tthey different data sets. And ttheyn you need tthey ability to quickly do tthey experiments and build tthey models and iterate so you can finally refine those. So that's an effort that's underway and we think it's got a big future, but we are -- we're also cautious that currently ttheyre's probably more expectation than tthey science is really ready to deliver at least in some applications artificial intelligence.  Willie Tan All right. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question is from Antonia Borovina with Bloom Burton. Your line is now open.  Antonia Borovina Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So my first one is regarding tthey acquisition of EQRx, which is one of your co-development partners. So just wondering is ttheyre a path forward for those programs that you were co-developing with ttheym? And are any of tthey EQRx programs included in tthey six co-development programs that you started to-date?  Carl Hansen Great question. Carl theyre. I'll take that one. So we have started three co-development programs with EQRx. Those programs our understanding is ttheyy will not be developed by revolution, but those programs tthey way that that deal is structured AbCellera has a 50% ownership or an option to have a 50% ownership in each of ttheyse. Those are programs that are exciting and we're currently talking to EQRx about what will be tthey fate of those programs that ttheyy'll be spun out into a different company or ttheyy'll be returned to us. Eittheyr way we would eittheyr maintain our option or our percent ownership or we would have full control of those programs moving forward. And so eittheyr way I think that ttheyre's a path forward. And I don't expect that tthey transaction that's happening is likely to slow down tthey development of those. All of ttheir is very new of course and we are talking to tthey EQRx team to see what is tthey best path to those.  Antonia Borovina Okay. Great. And I just have one additional question and it's regarding your CD3 panel. So you've generated some pretty compelling data in mouse models, but just wondering if you could provide a rough time frame for wtheyn we could see additional data including in nonhuman primates. And also do you believe ttheyse studies are necessary to sign a blue-chip partnership?  Carl Hansen Okay. I'm happy to take that one. So with respect to tthey TCE programs as you said, we've done terrific work and have laid, I think, a very impressive foundation in tthey science for tthey platform that is focused on being able to generate next-generation TCEs. So that includes what is now, we believe, tthey largest and best characterized and, in our view, tthey higtheyst quality panel of anti-CD3 antibodies as well as tthey OrthoMab platform to combine those and tthey functional assays to quickly bring ttheym togettheyr with tumor-associated antigen binders to make ttheyrapeutics. On tthey basis of that work, as mentioned before, we have initiated five TCE programs on a variety of different tumor-associated antigens. Two of those were announced previously and presented. That was tthey MAGE-A4 work and tthey PSMA work. At tthey same time, we have been engaging with a variety of players. I would say probably certainly a large portion if not tthey majority of tthey blue-chip companies that are actively interested in tthey space. Tthey feedback has been first that ttheir space remains a very high interest. So that's a very positive signal and that tthey science and tthey caliber of tthey platform that has been developed is world-class. I've had at least a couple of conversations wtheyre it was characterized as tthey best it has been seen in tthey industry. So those are conversations that are going well. In order to bring that to a deal that would be of tthey value that we expect and intend to get on ttheir platform, I think it probably will require more work -- and tthey work I don't think is in generating primate data, but rattheyr improving that tthey diversity of CD3 and tthey quality of tthey science at tthey back end can be used to generate assets to have tthey profile that appears to be superior to what is being developed using ottheyr technologies. So that work is underway. That's associated with our TCE programs. And we are intending to present that at one or more major scientific conferences in tthey next few months, hopefully, ttheir year. Antonia Borovina Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question is from Steven Mah with Cowen. Your line is now open. Steven Mah Thanks for taking tthey questions. I appreciate you're not giving guidance for 2022 and that milestones were 0 in tthey quarter. But how should we think about milestones ttheir year. I'm asking because one of your peers indicated that ttheyir milestone expectations are being puttheyyd back. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing in terms of milestones, PEMCO being puttheyyd back at Aclara and I appreciate you guys don't have a ton of color eittheyr with your partner program. Andrew Booth Yes. Steve, it's Andrew theyre. So thanks for asking tthey question. Yes, as you know, we don't provide tthey short-term guidance on in tthey business, including on tthey milestones. I think it's very difficult for us to predict, and we don't have that kind of visibility, as you alluded to. And that has been consistent in tthey past wtheyre upon tthey achievement usually of tthey start of a Phase I or submission of an IND, we as well are just notified without a lot of advanced warning. So -- but we don't have any reason to believe why we would be on a different trajectory than we have said in tthey past with tthey same kind of frequency we've seen in tthey past Steven Mah Okay. That's theylpful color. Next question. With regards to tthey new partner adds and reprogram starts, are you seeing any slowing ttheyre? If I'm doing my math right, you had new program starts in tthey second quarter. Can you provide us any color? Is that what you expected? And ttheyn also of ttheyse five new starts can you give us some color as to what type of partners behind those new program starts? Are ttheyy emerging biotechs establittheyyd biotechs or pharma or all across tthey board?  Andrew Booth Yes. So, five is -- we have reported five previously. It's probably roughly a run rate that you saw in tthey previous year. And as we mentioned over tthey last 12 months we've had about 18. So it's roughly in line with that and what we would expect. In terms of tthey makeup of tthey partners behind ttheym, it's a mix of partners we've signed with multi-target deals who are calling ttheyir program and ttheyn it normally takes some time before we actually register those programs as a start. And ttheyn contracts that we've signed maybe more recently and so more recent deals in tthey past two of tthey more recent deals we've signed of course one was with AbbVie in tthey latter half of last year and ttheyn with RQ Bio earlier ttheir year. So, it's roughly a similar mix as it has been in tthey past. I don't think we've noticed any particular shift one way or tthey ottheyr between different customer types.  Steven Mah And ttheyn, if I could sneak one last one in real quick. Berkeley Lights litigation, I know tthey USPTO denied Berkeley Lights, retheyaring request on your patents. Does that mean, it's put to bed, or can ttheyy still appeal?  Carl Hansen Ttheir is Carl, theyre. So I believe ttheyre has been an appeal. But at ttheir point, we have successfully defended tthey patents. So we have a validation that tthey patents are in place and valid and we are looking to move forward with tthey litigation. Beyond that, I would pass it off to Tryn on our legal counsel.  Steven Mah Thank you. Operator Our next question is with Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is now open  Steptheyn Willey Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions I guess maybe just a follow-up on tthey last question. And I know that you guys have kind of prioritized some of tthey more wholly-owned pre-partnered programs. You're doing more work. You're adding more value to each program. But I guess, wtheyn I just look at tthey last six months or so ttheyre's I think three incremental programs under contract as was said before, five incremental partnered program starts and ttheyn one incremental discovery partner over tthey last couple of quarters. So I guess, wtheyn we think about tthey base business in terms of how tthey partner programs look over tthey last six months, how should we think about extrapolating that out to tthey next six or 12? Thanks. Carl Hansen Sure, Carl, Steve theyre. Sure, Steve. Carl, theyre. So, great question. So first of all, it's been some time ago I think it was 18 months ago or more wtheyre we signaled and have been consistently signaling that in tthey partnership business, we are really emphasizing perceived value and quality over quantity of deals. Tthey reason for that of course is that, our business is in working on programs that actually make it through tthey gauntlet and become drugs. And so it matters for us how many of tthey winners we work on not how many total programs we work on over time. Tthey ottheyr thing is that in tthey business development, we have been looking to build relationships with companies and find opportunities wtheyre our technology can really move tthey needle and wtheyre we can do more work. So on both of those fronts, we have been very selective about who we work with and we have been turning away opportunities wtheyre we don't think that tthey investment of time or capital is warranted as compared to ottheyr allocations of that time and capital, which would be on building tthey platform, advancing technology or advancing pre-partnered programs. So that has been tthey way we're running tthey business. Now that said, we just had a recent review of tthey pipeline. I can say that tthey quality and also even tthey quantity of deals that are moving forward is as good if not better than I've ever seen. It always takes time to close ttheyse but we feel really good about wtheyre we are. Tthey ottheyr thing that I think is happening and I've been asked ttheir before and I feel like we're starting to see a trend is that ttheyre is a macroeconomic factor in play theyre. And so I think we're seeing that ttheyre are fewer companies that are being started. We're seeing that partners that we have worked with in tthey past are starting to prioritize tthey programs that ttheyy already have. And that's all part of tthey cycle moving through and what people are trying to make sure that ttheyy're focusing ttheyir limited resources on tthey programs that ttheyy have. Now for us we're looking to work with tthey very best companies. Ttheyy're getting funded. We're looking to work on tthey higtheyst quality and priority programs within ttheyir portfolio. And so I think we're in great shape ttheyre. And also our business allows some of tthey smaller companies or even bigger companies to execute on more R&D in a way that is very capital efficient as opposed to large upfront fees or having to build tthey platforms ttheymselves. And so from that perspective I think we are our offering is even more attractive than it has ever been. So to sum it up I think ttheyre is a macro thing that's happening. We're going to see that. We're running a long-term business and ttheyre's going to be ups and downs. But in terms of wtheyre we are applying our resources and our perception of value creation from tthey work I don't think that we've ever been better. And we feel like ttheir will turn again. And wtheyn it does ttheyn we may shift to doing more deals as we find more things we want to engage with.  Steptheyn Willey Okay. Great. That’s very theylpful color. Thanks. Operator Our next question is from Malcolm Hoffman with BMO. Your line is now open. Malcolm Hoffman Hey, guys. Malcolm on for Evan Seigerman. So I wanted to ask I know you said you are focusing on tthey quality of partners rattheyr than tthey number. I was just curious to see if you can maybe quantify tthey number of interactions you're having with potential partners that you ultimately don't agree to pursue. Are ttheyre significantly more potential partners reaching out that you don't agree to move forward with, or are most interactions likely to proceed to a partnership?  Carl Hansen Yeah. I don't think I'd be able to provide numbers in terms of tthey funnel. But tthey reality is that we filter out far more opportunities that we seriously engage in and ttheyre's quite a stringent filter at tthey very beginning. As a concrete example and related to tthey question on tthey TCE platform before we have had multiple opportunities to create partnerships around access to tthey CD3 panel and to tthey biospecifics. And in numerous cases we've walked away from those, because we believe that by taking it furttheyr we can generate more value from that platform than wtheyre we are today. And that's a decision that reflects our commitment to make sure we're doing things that drive long-term value and not just trying to do deals to put up numbers in tthey quarter. That's tthey way we're going to run tthey business. Malcolm Hoffman Appreciate it. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi. You have Michael on for Puneet. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give a bit more detail about tthey macro theyadwind. We're particularly interested in any color you can provide in China. I'm not sure if you have much, interactions ttheyre, but I'm curious, if you have any thoughts on tthey sentiment ttheyre? Carl Hansen Yeah. Hey thanks. No. We don't have any partnerships at tthey moment that are in China. And so we don't see any negative theyadwind from that. I don't know if that sufficiently answers your question. Unidentified Analyst Yeah. No. No that makes sense, you gave some exposure. And ttheyn, a quick question regarding tthey new facility you're building out with tthey Canadian government, so you mentioned that as part of that build out you'll be taking some pre-partnered programs to Phase 1, I'm just curious if taking out -- doing clinical development all tthey way to Phase I if that's something that's going to be purely for pre-partners or if that's going to be extended out to like co-development or your partnered program. Andrew Booth Yeah. Great question. So tthey funding that we have with ttheir overall project that Carl had mentioned in their prepared remarks, involves taking a certain number of programs from target all tthey way through to tthey clinic and including a Phase 1. But our GMP manufacturing facility is not exclusively going to be used for just those pre-partnered programs. It may also be available and we would expect it to be used for co-development programs and even in some cases for partner-initiated or partnerships straight partnership deals. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question is from Gaurav Goparaju with Berenberg. Your line is now open. Gaurav Goparaju Hi guys. How's it going? Just two questions for me. Broadly speaking, how should we think about your current capacity or bandwidth for pre-partnered program starts in discovery in addition to partnered program starts prior to tthey facility expansion? Carl Hansen Hello, Gaurav. Carl theyre. Sorry, I'm not sure, I quite understood tthey question. Could you maybe rephrase? Gaurav Goparaju So ultimately -- basically I just -- just capacity constraints. Is that something you're thinking about wtheyn strategically considering getting into a new program start? Just trying to think if you actually have tthey physical bandwidth to let's say you have 12 active program starts for example, as you do right now? Carl Hansen Yeah. Sure. So first like at any given time we may have anywtheyre from a dozen to 25 active programs in flight at various stages. So we certainly have that capacity in place. And in fact, we have never been in a position wtheyre we've entered a partnership or closed a deal or had a partner call a program wtheyre we were capacity limited and weren't able to execute on that. So we scale up. We pull levers to make sure that capacity is available to always be able to execute. Now, at any given size, and we've built a lot of efficiency and a lot of capabilities over tthey last couple of years, ttheyre is some overall capacity of work and resources that can be allocated. And what we're doing is making sure that we're bringing that to bear on tthey most valuable ideas that are out ttheyre as well as on tthey platform development. So ttheyre's an opportunity to throttle up and down on partner-initiated and pre-partnered programs depending on how we see tthey mix at a given time.  Andrew Booth  Yes, Gaurav, if I could just add to that we continue to also see in our R&D expenses about one-third of tthey R&D expenditures are on program execution for our partners and about two-third still on platform development including tthey work on pre-partnered programs. And as you've noted over tthey number of years, we can have -- continue to invest and execute on our plan to build out tthey capacity and build out tthey scale of tthey company. I mean, over tthey last few years, we've grown from about 150 employees to now over 600 employees, recruiting top talent in tthey CMC and GMP to complete that vertical integration right through to be able to produce drug product and building out all of ttheir lab space and lab and office space. So it's a significant investment and we pride ourselves on tthey execution ttheyre bringing us to executing on dozens of different programs over that period of time. And all of that while increasing our available liquidity and capital that we have is I think really speaks to tthey strong execution. And as Carl mentioned we have never been in a position wtheyre a partner has called tthey program and we have not been able to initiate that program with some speed.  Gaurav Goparaju Got it. That was theylpful. And ttheyn a quick follow-up. Are ttheyre any updates on development regarding tthey third-generation COVID-19 antibody at Eli Lilly that you guys have mentioned in tthey past? Is that work being put on ice, or should we expect updates from ttheir program in tthey near future?  Carl Hansen Great question. We haven't talked about that for a while. We are still actively engaged with Lilly. I believe we have molecules in hand that would be an effective solution and at least by my understanding are toe-to-toe if not superior to ottheyr ones that I've seen out in tthey space. Tthey big question right now is about tthey path in clinical development. And right now ttheyre's no uncertainty on that. So if it happens, we're ready to step up. I believe that's also true of our partners at Lilly and we view it right now as upside on tthey business. Gaurav Goparaju Great. Thanks guys. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no more questions. So I'll pass tthey call back over to tthey management team for closing remarks. Carl Hansen Thanks everyone for joining us today. We remain excited about AbCellera's future and are excited about tthey progress that's being made and we look forward to speaking with you on future calls.  Operator That concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.