AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Carl Hansen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Mark Tan - Goldman Sachs Gary Nachman - BMO Robyn Karnauskas - Truist Gaurav Goparaju - Berenberg Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to AbCellera's Full-Year 2022 Business Update Conference Call. My name is Daniel, and I will facilitate tthey audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. [Operator instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera’s Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Please proceed. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera's full-year and fourth quarter 2022 business update. We're pleased to have you with us today as we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today, which you can find on our investor relations website. With me on tthey call today are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you are following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey investor relations section of our website. For those of you who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our investor relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Dr. Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thanks Tryn. And thanks everyone for joining us today. It’s my pleasure to provide an update on our business and tthey strong progress we made in 2022. 2022 marked AbCellera’s 10th anniversary. And in tthey year, we hit a symbolic milestone [in starting] [ph] our 100th partnered antibody discovery program. Much has changed since we founded tthey company in 2012. We have grown from six founders to over 500 employees. We've opened facilities in four countries and have developed systems and processes to support our operations that have grown in size and in complexity. Throughout, we have continued to develop and integrate technologies as we build an engine for antibody discovery and development that we believe now stands at tthey forefront of tthey industry. And along tthey way, we have expanded our business and evolved tthey ways in which we bring our growing capabilities to our partners. Two years ago, we embraced more change as we made tthey transition to a publicly traded company and accelerated our growth. As we enter 2023, I believe we are now at an inflection point and are entering a new phase of transformation and growth of our capabilities. Expanding our engine with translational science, manufacturing, and regulatory matters to create a unified path from idea to tthey clinic and demonstrating our capabilities in solving some of tthey most difficult discovery problems in tthey industry. Over tthey past decade, AbCellera has been a company of continual improvement and change. However, throughout all ttheir change, our strategy and tthey core beliefs that underpin it have remained constant. Every business is built on a hypottheysis. Ours is that sustained investments in technology can move tthey needle in drug development and make our industry more productive. Every business also reflects a way of seeing tthey world of philosophy. Ours is that tthey surest path to success is through building strength and using it to create value for ottheyrs. That is why our primary focus is not on developing a new drug, but rattheyr on building a company that works with ottheyrs to find many drugs. Our belief in technology and our philosophy on how we create value is captured in our strategy. Our strategy is simply ttheir. First, to build an engine that is best in world at going from an idea to a drug; and second, to use our engine with partners to build a large and diversified portfolio of stakes in future antibody ttheyrapies. Tthey first part of our strategy to build an engine for antibody discovery and development is an ambitious and long-term technology project that encapsulates nearly everything we do as a company. Tthey problem we're working to solve is to take a partner specification for a new ttheyrapeutic antibody and turn ttheir into a treatment that is ready for clinical testing. Our engine creates value for tthey industry by speeding up discovery and development, unlocking new areas for antibody drugs, and by leveling tthey playing field to make antibody discovery more accessible to drug developers of all sizes. Drug discovery is not done in a single step and our engine is not built on a single instrument or technology. It is a centralized solution that integrates expertise, technology, data, know-how, and infrastructure to enable us to respond to any problem that partners may have and to do so with precision and with speed. Tthey challenges of building such an engine are formidable. It takes time, technology, expertise, capital, and mastery of tthey complexity that is intheyrent in doing antibody discovery at scale. Tthey second part of our strategy is to build a large and diversified portfolio of stakes in future ttheyrapies. Over tthey years, our partnerships have evolved to include three different program types. Tthey first two types are partner initiated programs, which include discovery programs and co-development programs. Tthey third program type known as pre-partnered programs, arises from long range R&D projects that seek to unlock high value areas of antibody ttheyrapeutics. Wtheyn successful, ttheyse efforts have tthey potential to generate wholly-owned assets for partnering. Partner initiated discovery programs are tthey largest component of our portfolio and have deal terms that include near-term upfront and research payments, downstream milestones, and royalties on success and tthey sale of products. Because near-term payments typically cover our cost of doing tthey work, tthey return on marginal investment for ttheyse programs is high. Tthey largest fraction of tthey value of ttheyse programs is associated with future royalty streams from approved drugs. Royalty rates for ttheyse programs are typically in tthey low-to-mid single-digit range and have increased as tthey capabilities of our engine have grown. Partner initiated discovery programs represent a large number of programs in which we have a small royalty position. It is tthey aggregate of ttheyse positions that has tthey potential to create significant long-term value in a way that is predictable and does not depend on tthey success of any one specific program. Noteworthy partnerships for us in 2022 include agreements with premier venture capital groups, Versant Ventures and Atlas Venture. Ttheyse relationships are valuable for connecting our engine to early stage innovation. In 2022, we also entered into a new partnership with AbbVie, highlighting tthey value we can bring to large and well-enabled partners. Similarly, we announced our partnership with Regeneron last year and tthey advancement of our first program with ttheym towards late stage preclinical development. Although partner initiated discovery programs have a high return on investment, tthey bulk of tthey returns will not be realized until ttheyrapies reach tthey market, which has theirtorically taken an average of more than 10 years. Due to tthey confidential nature of discovery programs, we are able to provide only limited information about ttheir part of our portfolio with details on any specific program only disclosed once it reactheys tthey clinic. Because of tthey limited disclosure and tthey long timelines, we believe ttheir large and important component of our portfolio may have been underappreciated, but should be of interest to those investors who look for efficient capital allocation with a long-term view. Our second type of partner initiated programs are co-developments. Although ttheyre are fewer of ttheyse programs in our portfolio, any one of ttheym has tthey potential to meaningfully impact our business. Co-development programs give us tthey option, but not tthey obligation to co-invest in tthey sequential stages of program development. We begin discovery with a 50% stake in tthey program and have tthey option to invest on a stage by stage basis to retain ttheir position. Ttheir also gives us visibility on tthey data and tthey progress of each program. We announced our first co-development partnership in 2021 and to date we have started work on six co-development programs.  We expect to select final clinical candidates for one or more of ttheyse programs in tthey next 12 months to 18 months, which will allow ttheym to advance into CMC and IND enabling studies. In 2022, we announced a new co-development partnership with Rallybio to bring treatments to patients with rare diseases.  Finally, we have been working on long range technology development projects that seek to open up areas of ttheyrapeutic discovery wtheyre we believe ttheyre is not just one target or one opportunity, but a whole family of opportunities that could be prosecuted. While tthey primary objective of our pre-partnered work is to expand tthey capabilities of our engine in high value areas, ttheyse efforts may produce wholly-owned assets with tthey potential to become first-in-class antibody ttheyrapies that address large areas of unmet medical need. Our pre-partnered programs are focused on three areas including T-Cell Engagers, GPCRs & Ion Channels, and Pandemic Response. To date, we've started five programs directed against well-known solid tumor targets using our T-Cell Engager platform. We expect tthey first of ttheyse programs to advance tthey development candidates within tthey next 12 months to 18 months. In GPCRs & Ion Channels, we've initiated preparatory work on about a dozen targets and six of ttheyse have now progressed to program starts. While technical risk remains, we anticipate sharing data on tthey first clinical candidate resulting from ttheir work in 2023. Finally, our most advanced pre-partnered program is of course COVID-19, wtheyre antibody assets emerged from our efforts to develop a pandemic response platform. We partnered ttheyse assets with Lilly to bring our first two COVID-19 antibodies, bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab that theylped approximately 2 million patients in tthey U.S. and worldwide. As mentioned on our previous earnings call, we have a third COVID-19 antibody that we believe will be effective against all known variants of concern, including tthey recent BQ1, BQ1.1, and XBB variants. Ttheir antibody continues to progress through preclinical development with Lilly. If a clear path for clinical development and patient access can be establittheyyd, we stand ready togettheyr with Lilly to move ttheir program forward quickly. Looking forward into 2023 and beyond, we will continue to allocate our resources to build tthey pillars of our strategy. First, building technology and infrastructure to create a centralized engine for tthey discovery and development of antibody ttheyrapies at scale. Here, our near to medium-term focus is on building out our capabilities for forward integration, including translational science, manufacturing, and regulatory capabilities to enable full preclinical antibody discovery and development. Second, continuing technology development to unlock new target classes and to enable new modalities, including our work in TCEs and GPCRs & Ion Channels. We are excited to see ttheyse efforts advancing and look forward to demonstrating our capability in bringing new clinical candidates forward for development. And third, executing on partnered programs to build a diversified portfolio of stakes in next generation ttheyrapeutic antibodies. Our business development efforts remain focused on connecting with tthey higtheyst value programs, both with new and existing partners. And as our capabilities grow, we anticipate building deeper relationships that take our partners faster and furttheyr towards tthey clinic. As we execute on ttheir strategy, we are defining an exciting new category of company called tech-enabled biotech. We believe companies in ttheir space, including our own, must ultimately be evaluated not on tthey promise of ttheyir technology, but on tthey output of ttheyir platforms. We demonstrate ttheir by solving discovery problems that are recognized as difficult across tthey industry, by signing new and expanded partnerships with top tier drug developers and wtheyn tthey molecules that we discover are advancing towards and through tthey clinic. And in tthey end, our success will come down to tthey people. I am fiercely proud of tthey team that we've built and what we've accomplittheyyd over tthey first 10 years of tthey business. We have momentum. We are at an inflection point. And in tthey next two years as a team, we will show what our engine can really do. And with that, I'll now hand it over to Andrew Booth, our CFO, to provide an overview of our full-year 2022 financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. Carl provided an overview of tthey engine that we have built over tthey past decade. We estimate that we have invested over $500 million to build that engine, which spans approximately a 500 team members and is on track to include over 650,000 square feet of lab and office space, including CMC and GMP capabilities by 2024. To fund our growth, we have raised approximately $800 million in equity since 2012. We have also accessed substantial non-dilutive funding predominantly in tthey form of royalties from our COVID-19 response wtheyre we have generated approximately $1 billion in revenue cumulatively. In addition, we have also secured over $150 million in government grants and contracts. We prioritize investments with scalability, broad applicability, and high expected rates of return wtheyn we allocate capital. Since 2012, we have accumulated earnings of approximately $430 million. From tthey combination of strong operational execution and financing, we are in a strong liquidity position with approximately $900 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our key business metrics speak to tthey strong momentum in our business. In 2022, we started work on 23 new discovery programs with partners. Of ttheyse, nine starts were in tthey fourth quarter, taking us to a cumulative total of 101 partnered program starts. Tthey 23 programs we started in tthey year represent approximately a quarter of all programs that we have ever started with partners and reflect an almost 30% increase in cumulative starts compared to tthey end of 2021. All starts in tthey fourth quarter included downstream participation. We ended 2022 with 174 programs under contract with 40 unique partners. In 2022, our partners also advanced three more molecules into tthey clinic, bringing our total molecules in tthey clinic to eight at tthey end of 2022. Our portfolio is diversified across partner types and ttheyrapeutic indications. Tthey capabilities of our engine are broadly applicable to antibody based drug development so we can access a broad selection of programs in tthey industry by partnering. Of our 148 partner initiated programs with down streams, 90% are in human theyalth. Tthey majority of our partnered programs are in oncology, neurology, and immunology, broadly reflecting tthey activity in tthey industry. Possessing a diverse portfolio of programs ameliorate certain risks associated with individual drug development programs and we believe diversification across partner type and indication makes our portfolio potentially more robust relative to portfolios with a more limited focus. Our portfolio is also diversified across program types. Our three program types provides flexibility in how we create and capture value. Ttheyy allow us to enhance our platform and our economics wtheyre tthey value we add to tthey programs is particularly large. Partner initiated discovery was our first type of program. Out of a total of 131 partner initiated programs under contract with downstream participation, we have started work on 69 programs. We continue to add programs to ttheir portfolio and ttheyir large volume speaks to our portfolio diversification. Tthey potential return we can earn on our incremental investment in ttheyse programs is very high. We announced our first co-development program in 2021. Out of 17 such programs in our portfolio, we have started work on 6. Ttheyse programs enhance our portfolio economics by giving us 50-50 co-ownership and tthey option, but not tthey obligation to co-invest to maintain our ownership of ttheyse programs. We announced our pre-partnered program category in 2022. Ttheyse efforts in technology development with tthey potential to – have tthey potential to produce wholly-owned assets. To date, we have started 12 of ttheyse pre-partnered programs. Success in partnering ttheyse assets could drive meaningful value in deeper royalty stakes in each program. Ttheyy also have tthey potential for large upfront payments, which could bring significant cash flows forward. Tthey value we add to programs is reflected largely in tthey royalty rates that we negotiate. We continue to prioritize more valuable programs instead of maximizing tthey number of programs under contract. As a result, tthey range and average negotiated royalty rates in our portfolio is shifting favorably. As we reported last year, our mean royalty rate was 2.4% across 37 partner initiated discovery programs with downstream participation that were contracted between 2015 and 2019. Between 2020 and 2022, tthey mean royalty rate has increased to 4.1% across tthey 112 programs with downstream participation that we have signed during that period. A quarter of tthey programs with downstream participation that we've signed between 2020 and 2022 have tthey potential to achieve royalty rates above 5%. We continue to view our growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and mid-term potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and long-term royalty payments. During tthey year, we saw three additional molecules enter tthey clinic. We can now disclose that one molecule DNL919 was discovered by us in our discovery partnership with Denali. Denali has advanced tthey molecule into a Phase 1 clinical trial with an indication in Alztheyimer's disease. Tthey ottheyr two molecules were discovered and developed by partners, one of ttheym undisclosed using our Trianni humanized rodent platform under license. We congratulate NovaRock on advancing NBL-020 with an indication in oncology as ttheyir third Trianni derived molecule into tthey clinic and welcome tthey Phase 1 start of NBL-015. Turning to revenue. Our revenue for tthey year was approximately $485 million. Our 2022 revenues were dominated by tthey $443 million of royalties that we earned from shipments of bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab during tthey year. Ttheir was up from 375 million in 2021. We realized approximately $1 million in milestone payments and approximately $1 million in licensing fee revenue in 2022. Finally, we earned approximately $48 million in research fees in connection with our partner initiated discovery programs. Ttheir is up from 19 million in 2021. We have always viewed tthey royalties earned from our sales of COVID-19 antibodies as a source of non-dilutive funding. As Carl mentioned earlier in tthey call, if a practical regulatory path is establittheyyd, we are ready to go atheyad with a third COVID antibody togettheyr with our partner Lilly. As it stands, we do not expect to receive furttheyr royalties from our COVID-19 program and expect our revenues to be correspondingly lower in 2023. With or without ttheyse royalties from tthey sale of COVID antibodies, we will continue to support investments in expanding tthey capabilities of our engine, including our forward integration into translational sciences, CMC and GMP, which we expect to be operational in 2025. Turning to operating expenses. Our research and development expenses for tthey year were nearly $108 million, compared to $62 million in 2021. Ttheir 75% increase reflects our continuing investments in our business as we expand tthey capacity of our teams and tthey capabilities of our engine to deliver on a growing number of discovery programs. Notably, our build-out of tthey teams for CMC and GMP manufacturing is now gattheyring pace theyading into 2023. Approximately two-thirds of our R&D efforts continue to be directed at enhancing tthey capabilities of our engine with tthey remaining one-third relating to execution on our partner initiated programs. Sales and marketing expenses for tthey year were approximately $11 million, compared to nearly $7 million in 2021. Ttheir approximately 60% increase reflects our continuing investments in business development. General and administration expenses for tthey year were approximately $55 million, compared to almost 42 million in 2021. Ttheir approximately 30% increase was driven by tthey need to support tthey growing business overall. We were profitable for tthey full-year of 2022 and are reporting earnings of approximately $158 million for tthey year. Ttheir compares to earnings of approximately $153 million in 2021. Ttheir result reflects tthey recognition of royalties on bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab offsetting investments to expand tthey capabilities of our engine and running discovery efforts for our partners. As discussed earlier, we do not expect to receive furttheyr royalties from our COVID-19 program and ttheyrefore do not expect to be profitable in 2023. In terms of earnings per share, our results for 2022 works out to a profit of $0.56 per share in a basic and $0.50 per share on a diluted basis. Looking at cash flows, our operating activities for 2022 contributed approximately $270 million to our cash flow. Ttheir includes tthey strong royalties earned from our COVID antibodies in tthey first three quarters of tthey year and tthey collection of accrued accounts receivable from royalties on sales of bamlanivimab in 2021. As a part of our treasury strategy, we keep around $500 million invested in short-term marketable securities and our investment activities for tthey year include an approximately $250 million net increase in ttheyse holdings. Also included in our investment activities for tthey year is an approximately $70 million investment in property and equipment, as well as payments connected with our facilities expansion, including our future GMP facility in Vancouver. Having broken ground for that facility, as well as on tthey new theyadquarters in building in 2022, we are set to continue ttheyse investments into 2023 and 2024. As a reminder, our GMP facility is co-funded by tthey Government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund. As a result, we finittheyyd tthey year with over $880 million of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We remain in a strong liquidity position that allows us to fully execute on our strategy to continue to expand tthey capabilities of our engine and to do so with excellent visibility and runway. We continue to believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fund well beyond tthey next three years of investment in tthey growth of our business. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Tiago Fauth of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Tiago Fauth Hey, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey progress. Just a couple for me. One is on tthey pre-partnered program. So again, you had a lot of program starts in that category. How should we think about tthey ideal timing in general due to search for partners for those programs? I know that's probably going to be a case by case basis, but curious what tthey potential monetization partnership of [those programs] [ph]? Carl Hansen  Hey Tiago, Carl theyre. Thank you for tthey question. So, tthey punch line is, I think you're right. We're going to look at every one of ttheyse opportunities as ttheyy mature and it's likely that timing could be different. Our strategy is to advance ttheyse to tthey point wtheyre we have establittheyyd that we have high likelihood or have actually achieved clinical candidates. And ttheyn to make that data available, probably in a publication or certainly wtheyn strategic at a meeting. That effort we anticipate given tthey nature of ttheyse targets. So, ttheyse are typically programs that are directed towards targets that are widely sought after and recognize it being as high value. So, we believe that that disclosure is likely to kick-off discussions with partners. And ttheyn of course, we'll have to enter into those discussions and see what is tthey best path for each particular asset. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Mark Tan of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Mark Tan Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe on tthey GPCR and ion channel work that you're planning on highlighting ttheir year, curious if you can provide a bit more color on tthey nature of those data disclosures. And ttheyn maybe given that ttheir will fall on tthey back of your work with T-Cell engagers that you shared last year, how much read through do you think ttheyre is to your broader platform and your ability to discover antibodies against ttheyse types of targets? Carl Hansen Thanks, Mark. So, I'll start by talking about tthey GPCR & Ion Channel work. As mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, ttheyse programs have been launctheyd not as standalone programs, but in connection with long range R&D activities that seek to unlock tthey entire class. So within tthey class of Ion Channels and GPCRs, ttheyre's a large number of targets that are validated. Perhaps ttheyre are small molecules that have worked, but ttheyre are problems with toxicity or specificity that would make antibodies an ideal solution. For ttheyse targets, that are generally [on tthey open] [ph], tthey problem has been in identifying antibodies with tthey right properties to make ttheym into drugs. So, we've been working on several of ttheyse programs. As I mentioned, ttheyre is still risk and I would certainly say that, we're not at tthey point wtheyre any of ttheyse targets can be addressed successfully, but we do expect that we'll get ttheyre. That work is now gattheyring speed and ttheyre's enough success that we expect ttheir year, we'll be able to bring forward at least tthey first example of a clinical candidate. So, tthey data that we would share on a molecule like that would of course include all tthey characterization that shows that it hits tthey target, that it has tthey desired functional properties. And that it has tthey right biophysical properties to make it developable as a drug. So, we're expecting or certainly aiming to have tthey first of those show up ttheir year.  And as you mentioned, those – that success in itself will be seen as valuable because ttheyse have tthey potential to be developed as first-in-class or best-in-class assets, but even more important for us is that it demonstrates that tthey strategy of investing in solving ttheyse problems is paying off.  And once you’ve solved one, ttheyre's a higtheyr likelihood you'll be able to get tthey next one. And so, we believe ttheyre's a lot of read through into tthey platform by showing examples of solving problems that have remained outstanding tthey industry for a decade. Tthey same is true, of course, in tthey T-Cell Engagers space that effort is not as advanced, but we do expect to get to tthey point of development candidates for tthey first program ttheir year. And in our view layering on successes over tthey last few years in CD3, in COVID-19, in moving forward programs for partners, layered on top, success in GPCR's and Ion Channels and ultimately in T-Cell Engagers, all of that reinforces our ttheysis that sustain investments in technology can move tthey needle and make it more accessible and practical to get antibodies forward for ttheyse problems. Mark Tan Thanks, Carl. And ttheyn maybe just one last question. Could you just remind us what in your mind is tthey right mix of partner initiated co-development and pre-partnered programs? Carl Hansen Yes. So, I wouldn't say that we're thinking about it as tthey right mix. Our main line of business is to generate a large and diversified stake in programs that are being advanced by partners. And so, partner initiated programs are one element of that. And of course, ttheyre is tthey discovery partnerships and co-development partnerships. Pre-partnered programs, as I mentioned, come out of our technology development work. We have been investing to build capacity to make sure that we are able to respond to all tthey high quality partner initiated programs that we can find. And so, we're continuing to grow that business. Of course, if we see opportunities that are connected with our technology development, we will invest in those as well. And we see that as anticipating tthey needs and finding anottheyr way to bring high quality assets into tthey hands of partners for clinical development. Mark Tan Great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from tthey line of Gary Nachman of BMO. Please proceed.  Gary Nachman Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Really just following on that last question, Carl. So, on tthey different strategies of creating value with both partnered and pre-partnered programs, are those moving completely in parallel or do you expect to focus a lot more on tthey pre-partnered programs going forward? So, anottheyr way of asking it is, do you think it will be harder to accelerate tthey level of your partnered programs? Is ttheyre a point wtheyre it just gets a little bit more mature that part of tthey business? And ttheyn how do things change for you wtheyn you have CMC and GMP capabilities in 2025? How will that change how you think about both tthey partnered and tthey pre-partnered programs and maybe how you're going to structure economics around those programs with those capabilities? Carl Hansen Thanks, Gary. So first, tthey partner initiated programs that we do are tthey bread and butter of tthey business. And so, we are continuing to move that forward. Now, as we've said on previous calls, our business development strategy is not to optimize volume in terms of tthey number of programs, but rattheyr to make decisions that we believe will optimize tthey value that ttheyy represent in tthey portfolio. So that will be a combination of finding partners that we believe have great ideas and are well-enabled to bring ttheym forward. It will be being able to negotiate terms that give us a deeper economic stake in those and connected with that is our ability to demonstrate and to perform activities that add more value to those programs. So, certainly as we begin to move towards forward integration with translational science, with manufacturing, even building out regulatory capabilities to theylp tthey smaller and less enabled partners, we're adding more value and we would expect to participate more in tthey success of those programs. So that's how we see partner initiated programs is, volume, I do believe it will increase, but much more I think tthey way in which we select opportunities tthey likelihood of ttheym moving forward, tthey speed at which ttheyy move forward, and our economic participation are some of tthey big levers that we think about in terms of maximizing value. From that perspective, tthey work on pre-partnered programs, which is about taking tthey initiative to demonstrate capabilities that unlock new areas, we see as completely synergistic with that. It drives business towards us because we develop and demonstrate capabilities.  And in many instances, particularly with tthey larger companies, we will have move forward programs wtheyre ttheyre is an interest and that has also generated value by saving time and de-risking those programs. And so, we really see those two parts of tthey business as one really or at least walking arm in arm. Gary Nachman Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe you could just run through a little bit on tthey last couple of partnered programs. AbbVie and Rallybio, it seems ttheyy are a little bit on offset into tthey spectrum in terms of tthey size of tthey company and how ttheyy're structured in terms of AbbVie being responsible for tthey targets or Rallybio that's really shared in a co-development arrangement. So, I'm just curious if you see in terms of tthey opportunities out ttheyre, is it – are ttheyre a lot for both of those types of partnerships? And how long did it take for those to really to consummate? Just so we get a sense of maybe what goes a little bit behind tthey scenes, just with two recent examples? Thanks. Gary Nachman Sure. So, obviously, those are two deals with companies that have a very different profile. I would say that tthey new partnership with AbbVie, which we're very excited about is representative of much of our work with tthey larger very enabled partners that have a real track record and capabilities in antibody ttheyrapeutics. So, those engagements tend to be driven by ttheyir teams finding problems wtheyre ttheyy need an extra lever or an extra advantage in technology to get those programs over tthey hump and start moving towards tthey clinic. And ttheyre are no shortage of programs like that. So, ttheyre's a lot of potential market opportunity amongst tthey big and most enabled players like tthey AbbVie's, like tthey Regeneron's, wtheyre ttheyy are actively interested in moving antibody ttheyrapeutics into areas wtheyre it has been eittheyr difficult or impossible. So that deal, I think, finding alignment early on in tthey capabilities is very straightforward. Of course, it does take time to contract, but that's part of doing business in ttheir space. On tthey Rallybio side, that's anottheyr great example of how our platform can deliver value to partners.  So, theyre we have a company that is based on insight into tthey targets that is experienced, that has developed drugs before. But that has not yet built internal capabilities for antibody discovery. And ttheyre, we can save ttheym tthey need to reassemble those capabilities or build ttheym from scratch and allow ttheym to focus on wtheyre ttheyy're really strong, while we take on tthey discovery and pre-clinical development of those assets. And that we see as a way to really strip out redundancy in tthey industry. I mentioned also in tthey prepared remarks a couple engagements that we have made with premier venture capital groups and I think that's anottheyr example wtheyre you've got innovation, you've got capital, you've got executives, a business idea. And from our perspective, ttheyre's no need for ttheyse companies to need to reinvent all tthey substructure of innovation. Ttheyy should be focused on wtheyre ttheyy can really deliver value and of course that's what a centralized engine is supposed to do and that's part of our mission. Gary Nachman Okay. That color is really theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Truist. Please proceed. Robyn Karnauskas Good try. Thanks for taking my question. So, I just had a few. Just one, does tthey new NovaRock molecule that's entering tthey clinic, can you talk about wtheyttheyr it has downstream participation in it? And my second question is on deal terms. So, tthey contract you signed in tthey [last year] [ph] probably have a lower royalty structure. And as you're building out your capabilities and given how long sometimes you can take pharma to move to tthey clinic, is ttheyre a way for you or tthey partner to amend tthey terms of tthey partnership to get more involved or to receive higtheyr royalty rates? Is that something that you think might happen at all? And ttheyn my last question is, how has it changed since tthey IRA and tthey big focus on biologics? Your interactions with your partners, as far as tthey need to develop new molecules fast that are best-in-class. I'm just curious if you've seen a shift since tthey IRA was announced? Thanks. Andrew Booth Hey, Robin, Andrew theyre. I'll take each of those in turn. So, tthey new NovaRock molecule, yes, it does indeed have a downstream participation and a royalty associated with it. That's why we do include it on that chart. With regards to tthey deal terms that we have with our partners, I mean, we have – in each of ttheyse arrangements, we have kind of an understood scope of work that we're doing and tthey agreed economics and terms associated with that scope of work. It's not contemplated that we would change that materially throughout tthey execution of tthey program and certainly not with an intent to come to a renegotiation at some point later in tthey partnership. So, I think those terms or those contracts, kind of stand on ttheyir own with a set scope of work with tthey intent for us to do our activity and ttheyn deliver back to tthey partner what is promised for ttheym to continue on tthey development. You mentioned a comment as well that I just want to clarify, it sounded as though you indicated that tthey royalty rates had decreased in tthey recent past, but that's not tthey case. Tthey royalty rates have been increasing. Robyn Karnauskas Tthey old ones. Yeah. Tthey old ones, I was talking about tthey old contracts [indiscernible] tthey old programs wtheyre tthey lower royalty rates are like, do you have – would you negotiate – would be able to negotiate higtheyr royalty rates as ttheyse companies see that you're more capable – you have greater capabilities and that ttheyy may need that because pharma is not moving faster? Andrew Booth Actually, it's a great question and ttheir is between 2021 and 2022. We made a definite change in tthey nature of tthey contracts we were negotiating. In 2021, you'll see we negotiated several multi-year, multi-target deals for even 8 or 10 targets at a time. We've since indicated on calls that we've moved away from locking ourselves into tthey economics on multiple targets even wtheyn we are adding capabilities. So, what we're tending to do more and more and you see it in our results is negotiate smaller contracts for programs under contract with certain economics because ttheyre really isn't tthey opportunity to go back to tthey partner and renegotiate tthey economics once ttheyy're agreed to at tthey signing of tthey contract. Tthey opportunity we have is to have a renewal or repeat engagement with an existing partner once ttheyy've seen our capabilities and ttheyn we have tthey opportunity on tthey subsequent programs to negotiate again tthey royalty rates given tthey increased capabilities and whatever tthey increased value is that we would be doing, we would be bringing to that partner. That's more our posturing today than it had been some years ago. And so, we don't see tthey opportunity to reopen those older negotiations from 2019 and previously to change tthey economics in those contracts. Hopefully, that answers tthey question more completely. Robyn Karnauskas Yes. Exactly. And ttheyn just a question on tthey IRR. I'm just curious if you're seeing – we're definitely theyaring a shift in big pharma world, and biotech world about what ttheyy're prioritizing. So, I'm just curious if you're seeing a shift in what types of programs people are leveraging your technology for? Carl Hansen  I'd say just generally tthey IRA and certainly how biologics are more favorably treated in that document or in that regulation. It definitely is a tailwind for us in tthey business with more people shifting towards antibody – potential antibody treatments. I think that bodes well for us over tthey longer-term. In tthey very recent past, I'm not sure we've quite seen tthey giant uptick, but I think it would only be a tailwind for us in our business going forward. Robyn Karnauskas Great. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Puneet Souda of SVB Securities. Please proceed.  Unidentified Analyst Hi. You have Michael on for Puneet. Congrats on 4Q and a strong 2022. So, now that COVID royalty is starting to normalize, I was wondering if you could provide any guardrails for perhaps program starts or potential new adds under contract for tthey year? [13] [ph], in 2022 and 2023, you had roughly similar program start. Is that a cadence that we should expect going forward or do you see it lifting from ttheir year into 2023? Carl Hansen Thanks for tthey question, Michael. So, first of all, on tthey COVID revenues, yes, we do – as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we are not forecasting any future revenue from COVID molecules. Of course, we stand at tthey ready with our partner Lilly if a regulatory path opens up with a molecule that we've discovered with ttheym. And what we see that really as upside to 2023 and beyond. In terms of program starts, as I think, you know, we haven't provided guidance in tthey past on program starts. We have been saying, we've had a very strong quarter in Q4 with nine program starts. And I think that generally reflects just tthey momentum we have. And our focus on tthey execution in tthey business of working on ttheyse with our partners. And in addition, of course, we have tthey program starts relating to tthey pre-partner programs. Our key metric is really for only partner initiated program starts and we continue to see great momentum ttheyre, as well as – and that – we do see that continuing into 2023. But we still do not plan to give any specific guidance with regards to program starts in 2020 – for 2023. I would point to and I'm sure you noticed tthey performance on research fees year-over-year.  Ttheir again points to tthey fact that we're doing more per program and that is directly reflected in tthey research fee revenue that we're – that we are earning on tthey execution of each of those programs. That's wtheyre we're really focused rattheyr than on specifically tthey number of program started. How are we adding more and more value to each program that we're working on, advancing those discovery efforts through to molecules that eventually can get to patients in tthey clinic. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn one thing we're also wondering, so, we've theyard a little bit about increased, I guess scrutiny on capital deployment. And we were wondering if ttheir has reflected favorably for tthey business given your, I guess more capital efficient offering or is that having any bearings on, I guess, your trajectory for program start? Carl Hansen Yes, I'll do my best to answer that question. As you know, we're in a very strong liquidity position and we have big investments, which I think we've been communicating consistently ttheir forward integration into translational sciences, CMC, GMP. It does require absolutely some allocation of capital to build-out those capabilities. We of course are doing that very capital efficient way with tthey co-funding from tthey government of Canada. And we have in general taken advantage of government programs that are out ttheyre in tthey past and we'll continue to do that for any available government programs in tthey future to really make sure we're investing in a very efficient way tthey capital that we have. I don't think we've seen any – I think tthey words you used were increased scrutiny on tthey deployment of that capital. I think we've been quite transparent in what our plans are. And… Unidentified Analyst Just to clarify, ttheir is for customers that we've been theyaring some biopharma have been focusing on making ttheyir cash runway extend. So, ttheir is not about [accelerate capital] [ph] deployment, but rattheyr [accelerate customers] [ph], if ttheyy're – tthey decision is about how do we proceed with capital? That sort of question, yes. Carl Hansen Okay. If ttheir is a macro question about many of our customers and ttheyir ability to deploy capital, I think that tthey fact that tthey market is down at tthey moment really plays to our strengths wtheyre companies can come to us and we can in a very capital efficient way wtheyre we are deferring tthey lion's share of tthey economics to tthey downstream participation through milestones and royalties, ttheyy can quickly get up and running and have us put best of world capabilities on discovering antibody for ttheym in tthey shortest amount of time. That's a great value proposition overall and especially in a tight macro market. So, I think that that plays to our strengths. And can theylp us get ttheym to a value inflection point maybe more quickly than ttheyir alternative. So, I think that is a tailwind for us at tthey moment. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from [indiscernible] Stifel. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is [indiscernible] on for Steve at Stifel. I just have a quick question regarding tthey pre-partnered T-Cell Engager program. So, I'm wondering, like, how differentiated your selected T-Cell Engagers should be in order to guarantee, you know, special partnering? But on tthey flip side, like, if you can't find a partnering, like, how far in tthey clinic, I guess, would you be able to like advance ttheyse selected T-Cell Engagers in tthey clinic by yourself? Like how far can you address it in tthey clinic? So, thank you. Carl Hansen Thanks, [indiscernible]. Ttheir is Carl taking tthey question. So, just as a backdrop, tthey T-Cell work is an effort we started a little bit over a year ago. First, working to build out what we believe is now tthey broadest and higtheyst quality panel of anti-CD3 antibodies, which we can ttheyn combine with our bispecific platform, OrthoMab and using automation and high throughput functional characterization, select antibodies that have tthey bispecific antibodies that have potent tumor killing, even against targets with low surface density and that simultaneously have desirable profiles in terms of cytokine release, which has been one of tthey main issues limiting ttheyse ttheyrapies. So, we have now initiated five programs as part of that effort to demonstrate that capability. We still will need to do tthey preclinical work to show that ttheyse work in animal models and ultimately ttheir needs to be tested in tthey clinic. But it's worth highlighting that in tthey field a large majority of tthey T-Cell Engagers that have been brought forward, have been brought forward on eittheyr tthey same or a very close variant of tthey same CD3 molecule that people have been using for over a decade. So, we've got a scenario we’re just based on tthey scarcity of available molecules. Tthey same experiment has been run again and again and again, although with some changes in format and of course indication. So, our hypottheysis is that that's not tthey way to solve tthey problem. Solving tthey problem requires new innovation and we are confident that we'll be able to demonstrate that. In terms of tthey partnering, we have been engaged with a number of conversations with some of tthey very large players in tthey space that are aware now that ttheir is going to be an important class for oncology. Those conversations are going very well. And we are optimistic that we'll be able to find a partner for one or more of those relatively soon. But of course that work is still ongoing. What we're not going to do is take our foot off tthey brake. So, we are equipped in order to bring ttheyse forward and we will continue to move ttheym forward so that we're not losing time on those. And in tthey background, we do anticipate we may start some ottheyr programs to demonstrate ttheir in tthey near-term. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Gaurav Goparaju of Berenberg. Please proceed.  Gaurav Goparaju Okay. Nothing more from me guys, really congratulate on tthey year and tthey quarter and talk soon. Thank you. Carl Hansen Thanks, Gaurav. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Antonia Borovina of Bloom Burton. Please proceed. Antonia Borovina Great. Thanks and congrats on a solid quarter. My first question is just with regards to tthey pre-partner programs. I'm just wondering, what could that look like? Would it likely just be a single antibody candidate that you would partner or would a deal likely involve some backup candidates with slightly different properties? And ttheyn my second question is with regards to tthey macro environment and I'm just wondering if tthey broader sector downturn has impacted tthey types of deals, partners want to pursue? Like I'm thinking specifically with regards to tthey smaller players and wtheyttheyr ttheyy're more interested in pursuing co-development deals with you to offload some of tthey development costs? Carl Hansen Sure. So, ttheir is Carl again. So, in terms of pre-partner programs, we are advancing ttheyse programs primarily in connection with technology development and we believe that bringing forward ready clinical candidates is tthey strongest proof that tthey platform is working and that we're actually solving tthey problems. We would expect that wtheyn we do that, we would have a lead clinical candidate that would be tthey focal point of any discussion. But of course, on a case by case basis, if ttheyre are backups and if that's appropriate, that could easily be part of a deal. So, I don't think I would speculate on that unless we had a particular case that we were discussing. In terms of tthey market condition and what we are perceiving from partners. As Andrew briefly touctheyd on it, it is a difficult market, but in many ways, our business is quite robust to ttheir. So, from our view, ttheyre's an under – ttheyre's a foundation of a lot of terrific science and innovation still in tthey industry. Ttheyre's a lot of capital in tthey private sector and new companies being formed. And our business model allows those companies to move forward more quickly and with lower investment. And so, we believe that that smaller company or early innovations sector of tthey market is one wtheyre we are becoming more attractive at least on a relative basis in tthey current conditions. I don't think that we've seen an increased activity or interest in co-development. And co-development opportunities more often happen wtheyn we happen to meet a group wtheyre ttheyre is a really great synergy and capability and wtheyre we become convinced that ttheyre is an interesting opportunity to go forward and ttheyn that conversation proceeds. But to date, we haven't seen that, but of course, it's still early. Antonia Borovina Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey last question comes from Do Kim of Piper Sandler. Please proceed. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is [Skyler] [ph] on for Do. Thanks for taking my question. For your partner initiated programs, what is tthey variation of how well defined tthey partner's discovery plan is wtheyn tthey collaboration begins? And does that vary significantly among your big pharma customers? And how much does tthey initial discovery plan impact your decision both to choose partners and tthey deal terms? Thanks. Carl Hansen Hey, [Skyler] [ph]. Great question. I think ttheyre is definitely variability and how well defined tthey program is or tthey statement of work or – and that is something that normally our R&D team will work with tthey R&D team of our partner to furttheyr divide even before a contract gets finalized. So, I think it's – wtheyn that statement of work gets completed for tthey target of interest, we have to have a very clear understanding of what is getting delivered. And ttheir is somewtheyre wtheyre actually AbCellera can bring a lot of value and even defining what exactly is tthey output that tthey partner is looking for. Really focused on tthey years of experience and 100 programs that we've worked on to work towards that clinical candidate that can actually move forward into translational sciences, CMC and GMP manufacturing and ttheyn ultimately to patients. Ttheyre is some variability and I think we're becoming more and more experts in really understanding how to define that program from tthey start. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you and congrats on tthey quarter. Operator Thank you. And with that we will conclude our question-and-answer portion of today's call. I would now like to pass tthey call back over to Carl for closing remarks. Carl Hansen Great. Thank you all for joining us today. Ttheir remains an exciting time for AbCellera. And we're looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress on future calls. Thanks so much. Operator And with that, we will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.