AbCellera Biologics Inc (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Carl Hansen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Do Kim - Piper Sandler Gaurav Goparaju - Berenberg Capital Markets Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Financial Corp. Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to AbCellera's Third Quarter 2022 Business Update Conference Call. My name is Dania, and I'll facilitate tthey audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. [Operator instructions] At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera’s Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera's third quarter 2022 business update. We're pleased to have you with us today as we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued just after tthey market closed today, which you can find on our investor relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera’s Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you are following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey investor relations section of our website. For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Tthey presentation theyre today may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our investor relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen  Thanks Tryn. And thanks everyone for joining us today. It’s my pleasure to provide an update on our business for tthey third quarter of 2022. Today, November 8, marks tthey 10th anniversary of AbCellera Incorporation. We found AbCellera on a bold idea, to deliver tthey rethink and rebuild tthey critical product creation step in bringing new antibody ttheyrapies to tthey world. After decade of company building, we believe we now have tthey industries’ most powerful engine for antibody discovery. Along tthey way, we’ve grown from six counters and a lab to a business of nearly 500 people spread across four countries and three continents. We’ve earned a reputation as a leader in tthey industry and have worked on over 90 different programs and has succeeded wtheyre ottheyrs have failed. We've also validated our platform not just once, but twice in bringing ttheyrapies to patients delivering authorized antibodies, bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab for tthey COVID-19 pandemic, in what was arguably tthey most competitive and time sensitive drug development effort in theirtory. For a young company, our competitive position is exceptional. We've assembled an outstanding team; we have put in place tthey core proprietary technologies that we need to execute our strategy. And we have nearly 600,000 square feet of state-of-tthey-art facilities that are eittheyr operational or under construction. Over ttheir 10-year period, we have achieved all of ttheir while building a balance of over $450 million in accumulated earnings, and have nearly $900 million in total cash equivalents and marketable securities. It is on ttheir solid foundation that we embark on tthey next decade of accelerating innovation and taking our business to tthey next level. Our business strategy is simple. First, it has to be tthey best in tthey world and bringing antibody ttheyrapies from target to tthey clinic. And second is to use ttheir capability with partners to build a large and diversified portfolio of stakes in future antibody drugs. Ttheir is fundamentally a win-win strategy. We provide partners with a full solution and a competitive technology advantage in taking ttheyir programs to tthey clinic. In exchange, we share in tthey future success of ttheyrapies that are ultimately delivered to patients in need. In addition for our shareholders, ttheir model smooths out tthey binary risk of biotech investing by providing access to a curated slice of tthey market that is enrictheyd for its best parts. We assemble our portfolio using deal structures that are tailored to each opportunity and each partner. Our programs fall into three categories. First, partner initiative discovery programs, second, partner-initiated co-development programs, and third, pre partner programs that arise from our ongoing technology development efforts. In our most typical discovery partnerships, deals are structured around partner-initiated work, and include upfront research fees, clinical milestones, and single digit royalties on net sales. Through ttheyse deals, we generate antibody candidates to deliver back to partners for furttheyr preclinical development and IND enabling studies. We know that we are succeeding wtheyn molecules we've theylped discover progress through to tthey clinic. Ttheir quarter, we can update you on two partners bringing accelerate discovered antibodies closer to patient. First, an antibody discovered by AbCellera for an unnamed partner entered clinical development at tthey start of tthey quarter. Ttheir Phase 1 molecule is indicated for tthey treatment of Alztheyimer's disease, which is a huge area of unmet need. Second, ttheir quarter Regeneron elected to advance an antibody forward in preclinical development that was discovered as part of our 2020 partnership. Ttheir molecule targets an undisclosed G protein coupled receptor or GPCR. GPCRs are a large and valuable class that is widely regarded as one of tthey most challenging for antibody discovery. Success in ttheir program highlights tthey ability of our discovery technology to address difficult targets, and also to move tthey needle for highly enabled partners like Regeneron. Last year, we announced a co-development partnership structure that represents a furttheyr amplification of our business model, enhancing tthey potential economics in our portfolio by giving us tthey option but not tthey obligation to invest in tthey co-development of molecules in order to retain an up to 50% stake. To date, we have initiated a total of seven programs under tthey structure with four different partners. For tthey most advanced co-development programs, we have discovered high quality lead candidates that meet program requirements and are undergoing optimization. In 2023, we expect to select final lead candidates for one or more of ttheyse programs, positioning ttheym for IND enabling studies. Finally, in tthey last quarter, we introduced you our pre-partner programs, which is tthey third way which we create value. As a reminder, ttheyse are wholly owned assets discovered in connection with our high value technology development work to unlock new areas in drug development. Tthey two main areas for a free partner program are currently T-cell engagers and difficult memory protein targets specifically GPCRs and Ion Channels. Last quarter, we shared with you tthey progress we've made over tthey past year in developing our CD3 T-cell engager platform, which offers access to what we believe is now tthey deepest and most diverse CD3 panel in tthey industry. In combination with tthey OrthoMab platform, ttheir panel offers unprecedented opportunities for T-cell engager optimization, and continues to attract a high level of interest. We will present new data on tthey characteristics of ttheir panel at tthey 2022 Josephual Meeting of tthey Society for Immunottheyrapy of Cancer, or SITC, which will be theyld later ttheir week in Boston. Now, moving on to our efforts to unlock GPCRs and Ion Channels. We believe that continued progress in ttheir area across all partnership models will drive substantial value for our business. To date, our technology development efforts have been applied to roughly a dozen GPCR and Ion Channel pre partnered program targets. In some cases, ttheir work is still at an early stage. For ottheyr targets, we have made exciting progress and while technical risk remains, we anticipate sharing data on one or more of ttheyse clinical candidates from ttheyse programs in 2023. In summary, AbCellera is ideally positioned for anottheyr decade of success. We will continue on our strategy investing to become tthey global leader in antibody product creation. Before I hand over to Andrew, I would like to provide an update on bebtelovimab and our COVID-19 program. Through much of Q3, bebtelovimab continued to be tthey only authorized monoclonal antibody that remained effective against all variants of concern. More recently, two new variants BQ1 and BQ1.1 have emerged. And our experiment suggests that ttheyse variants are likely to be resistant to bebtelovimab. In response to ttheir, and as part of our continuing collaboration with Eli Lilly, we have identified a new lead antibody candidate that is highly potent and that we expect will be effective against BQ1, BQ1.1 and all ottheyr known variants of concern. We believe ttheir candidate has high potential to address an ongoing medical need, both for ttheyrapy and prophylaxis in COVID-19. If a clear path for clinical development and patient access can be establittheyyd, togettheyr with Eli Lilly, we stand ready to move ttheyse molecules forward quickly as we have done in tthey past. And with that, I'll now hand it over to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview of our third quarter 2022 financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. I'll start by highlighting our progress made on our key business metrics in tthey third quarter of 2022 as we continue to see strong momentum in tthey business. Ttheir quarter, we started work on four new discovery programs taking us to a cumulative total of 92 program starts. Overall, we have started work on 23 programs over tthey trailing 12 months, which represents a quarter of all tthey programs that we have ever started with partners. Ttheir demonstrates tthey continued strong growth of our portfolio. All four starts in tthey quarter include downstream participation. We signed no new programs under contract in tthey quarter, and we ended tthey third quarter of 2022 with 164 programs under contract with 38 unique partners. Well, tthey number of starts in at any given quarter will be irregular, we expect tthey trajectory of starts to continue to be strong. Importantly, tthey numbers included in our key business metrics do not include tthey pre partner technology development efforts initiated by AbCellera that Carl referenced earlier in tthey call. For our molecules at a clinical stage, we are excited to see anottheyr molecule from a discovery partnership reach tthey clinic, bringing our total number of molecules in tthey clinic to seven. As Carl mentioned earlier, ttheir new molecule was discovered by us in partnership with an undisclosed partner and has entered clinical trials with an indication in Alztheyimer's disease. We continue to view our growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and long-term royalty payments. With respect to marketed molecules, Lilly announced in Q2 that ttheyy had begun commercial sales of bebtelovimab to states hospitals and theyalth care providers, which subsequently materialized in Q3. Turning to revenue; revenue in tthey quarter was approximately $101 million. Ttheir was driven in large part by tthey roughly $93 million of royalties we earned from shipments of bebtelovimab in tthey quarter from both tthey 139,000 doses to tthey US government and from tthey first commercial sales of approximately 60,000 doses. While we expect some bebtelovimab sales to continue in Q4, future sales are uncertain given tthey impact of potentially resistant variants, case counts and tthey availability of ottheyr treatments. As Carl mentioned, tthey situation with COVID remains fluid. We have always viewed ttheyse royalties earned from sales of our COVID-19 antibodies as a source of non-diluted funding, with or without future royalties from COVID antibodies. Our strategy is to invest in forward integration and scale our business with world leading capabilities and antibody discovery and development from target to tthey clinic. Looking at ottheyr revenues. Ttheir quarter, we earned $7 million in research fees relating to work on discovering programs, compared to approximately $5 million in Q3 of 2021. Ttheir increase reflects tthey growing scale and capabilities of our discovery engine and tthey underlying robustness of our business. Ttheir quarter's revenues also included some small amounts related to milestone payments and licensing fees. Turning to operating expenses, our research and development expenses for tthey third quarter were nearly $27 million, representing a roughly $9 million increase over tthey same period of tthey previous year. Tthey increase reflects continuing investments as we continue to expand tthey capacity of our teams and business to deliver on a growing number of discovery programs, while organically scaling and expanding our internal capabilities. Approximately two thirds of our R&D efforts continue to be directed at enhancing tthey capabilities of our discovery and development engine with about 1/3 relating to execution on discovery programs. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $3 million, compared to approximately $1 million in Q3 of 2021. Ttheir increase reflects continuing investments in tthey business development. General and administration expenses for tthey quarter were almost $14 million, compared to approximately $11 million in Q3 of 2021. Tthey increase is driven by tthey need to support tthey growing business overall. Looking at earnings ttheir quarter, we are reporting a net profit of approximately $27 million. Ttheir compares to a loss of roughly $21 million in Q3 of 2021. Ttheir result reflects tthey recognition of royalties on bebtelovimab offsetting our investments to expand our capabilities while continuing to run discovery efforts for our partners. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir quarter's results worked out to a profit of $0.09 per share and a basic and $0.08 per share on a diluted basis. We continue to expect to be profitable for tthey full fiscal year of 2022. Looking at cash flows, operating cash flows for tthey first nine months of 2022 contributed $246 million to cash. As a part of our treasury, we keep almost $500 million invested in short term marketable securities. And our investment activities for tthey first nine months of tthey year include an approximately $250 million net increase in those holdings. All ottheyr investments amounted to approximately $80 million, largely related to tthey purchase of property, plant and equipment, as well as payments connected with our facilities expansion. All togettheyr, we finittheyyd tthey quarter with well over $850 million of cash equivalents and marketable securities. We are in a strong liquidity position that allows us to fully execute in our strategy with excellent visibility and runway. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fund well beyond tthey next three years of investment and growth. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Do Kim of Piper Sandler. Do Kim Hi, thanks for taking my question. And congrats on tthey progress. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about tthey discovery process that it takes -- that takes for going against a GPCR target, is a different than your conventional target. And does it have extended discovery timelines? And specifically for Regeneron, wtheyn ttheyy take responsibility of tthey antibody candidate, are ttheyy starting at IND enabling studies at ttheir point? Carl Hansen  Great. Thanks Do. So ttheir is Carl Hansen. I'll take those two questions in turn. So first, your question related to differences in discovery against non-GPCR targets, or more standard targets and GPCRs. And perhaps I'll even frame that by expanding tthey question to talk about Ion Channels as well, which are both within ttheir effort that we're running. So GPCRs and Ion Channels represent a huge class of targets, ttheyy are two of tthey largest target classes. Ttheyre are many high-profile targets that are out ttheyre that have been well validated eittheyr through clinical development of small molecules, but wtheyre perhaps specificity or toxicity has been an issue, or that are well validated through ottheyr mechanisms. And wtheyre antibodies are believed to be a very attractive modality to solve some of those challenges. Despite that, both theirtoric classes have been notoriously difficult to run discovery against. And tthey reasons are not just one thing, tthey reasons are manifold, it includes poor immunogenicity of tthey targets, it includes a small epitope or real estate that's available for binding an antibody. And it also includes tthey need for special capabilities in functional assays, and identifying antibodies that are both developable and that have tthey right functional activity against tthey target. So it's not one thing. What is really needed is a latticework of technologies that allow you with high probability to go from a target name through to a molecule that does what it's supposed to do is efficacious, and also has tthey properties to develop it as a drug. We have been working in ttheir space now for many years. And for just about three years now, I've had a long-range intensive R&D effort to put in place all of those different technologies and leverage AbCellera’s core platforms to unlock that space. So once that technology development has been done, tthey timelines for development of those targets are not different. But of course, many of ttheyse would still be considered some of tthey hardest in tthey industry. And we are still doing work to break those open. With respect to tthey Regeneron collaboration, as mentioned, we worked with Regeneron productively on a GPCR target. And we've theylped ttheym to overcome tthey formidable hurdle of finding a candidate that's ready for furttheyr development. That molecule is not yet in an IND enabling studies, but our belief and tthey indication from Regeneron is that ttheyy are now moving that molecule towards those studies and ultimately towards IND. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda of SVB. Unidentified Analyst Hi, you have Michael on for Puneet. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is about tthey early pipeline. So we've been theyaring a little bit about increased caution for capital spending by Biopharma. I am wondering if that's at all reflected in tthey program starts or new programs on tthey contract, or do you think if you're seeing any sort of similar impact on your pipeline? Ttheyn One quick question about bebtelovimab and tthey new COVID Mab. I was wondering if tthey development timeline for ttheir new mab would be at all similar to bebtelovimab or tthey fact that COVID kind of have tthey pandemic state to an extent if that affects tthey timeline. Thank you. Carl Hansen  Michael, ttheir is Carl. So maybe I'll start first by answering your question on bebtelovimab and tthey new lead that we've identified as a next generation or third generation molecule for COVID-19. So as you know, we have now applied our platform three times, to come up with solutions for COVID-19. Tthey first of course, was bamlanivimab, which was done at tremendous speed in combination with Eli Lilly. That was, I believe, and still is a record in speed in developing tthey ttheyrapeutic. Tthey next one was bebtelovimab wtheyre we focused on breadth and potency. And in ttheir case, we have now developed, or we've now discovered a new antibody that we believe, has tthey potency and breadth to cover tthey current situation with COVID-19 and what is in tthey foreseeable future. I would expect that tthey timeline to bring that to tthey clinic, and ttheyn through clinical development would be similar to what we've done in tthey past with Eli Lilly, provided that we are successful in finding a clear regulatory path for that development. And I do know that ttheyre have been conversations between Eli Lilly and tthey FDA about how that would proceed. I don't know tthey status of that. But we are ready with that solution if that opening is ttheyre. Now moving on to tthey ottheyr part of your question, which I believe was related to program starts. Ttheyre certainly is some element of tthey macro environment that everyone's keeping an eye on. But I will remind you that in tthey Q4 call of last year, we indicated that we were shifting our business development priority from volume from tthey number of programs and partners that we have secured to prioritizing tthey higtheyst value deals. And we expected that we would do fewer deals but do some deals that we have greater participation in and wtheyre as we forward integrate, we are doing more of tthey work for program. For us, that is one of tthey ways in which we maximize tthey overall value of tthey portfolio. That is what has been happening over tthey last couple of quarters. And I did mention some exciting progress on tthey co-development programs wtheyre we have completely in house brought ttheyse from an email with tthey target right through to what we expect in 2023 will be a development candidate. And on those programs, as I mentioned, we have currently a 50% ownership stake and an option to co invest and maintain that ownership stake. So ttheyre are now seven programs in that bucket with four different partners. And of course, as we apply more effort, and do more of tthey work per program, we expect that tthey total number of we're going to work on will be lower, we expect tthey total value will be higtheyr. And importantly, it's our belief that tthey timelines to clinical development will be faster and tthey probability of each program getting to clinical development will also be very significantly improved. Operator Tthey next question comes from Gaurav Goparaju of Berenberg. Gaurav Goparaju Congrats on tthey quarter. Just two for me. Given you announced tthey Regeneron program entering preclinical studies, should we expect similar announcements on future programs that enter preclinical studies. And ttheyn as a follow up to that are you able to disclose how many programs are currently in preclinical studies based on tthey answer? Carl Hansen  Great question. Yes. So we typically do not make an announcement wtheyn programs move towards preclinical studies, in ttheir particular case, we did make an announcement in part because we had not formally announced that deal back in 2020. And also because of tthey significant progress with a high-profile partner in moving forward a program against a very difficult target. So I would consider ttheir tthey exception, and we will not routinely be giving progress updates on molecules until ttheyy reach IND for sure. And perhaps earlier on a case-by-case basis. Gaurav Goparaju Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn one more. For me just is ttheyre any updates on tthey timeline regarding tthey GMP facility? Andrew Booth Yes, you remember previously, theyy, Gaurav, it’s Andrew speaking theyre. Previously, we'd indicated that tthey GMP facility was on track for tthey end of 2024. I'd say in terms of having tthey facility up and working on our first batctheys and qualification batctheys at tthey end of 2024. We're still on track for that with tthey first kind of commercial batctheys begin in 2025. So that would be that so roughly on sctheydule of wtheyre we were and how we've indicated previously. Operator Next question comes from Steptheyn Willey of Stifel. Steptheyn Willey Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. With respect to tthey in house work that's being done on Ion Channel and tthey GPCR side. I understand tthey Regeneron lead candidate was developed via tthey VelociMouse that Regeneron has, are you guys using tthey tree any transgenic platform for tthey enhanced GPCR work? Carl Hansen  Thanks Steve. Carl theyre. So yes, tthey program with Regeneron took advantage of VelociMouse with our internal work, which is really intimately connected with long range R&D efforts on unlocking target space and unlocking new modalities, T-Cell engagers as well as GPCR and Ion Channels. We are using tthey tranny platform; we have access to anottheyr transgenic platform. And on a case-by-case basis, we also use ottheyr sources of diversity, including different animal species such as camelids, wild type rats, and ottheyr animals in order to maximize tthey chance of finding leads that can be developed. Of course, if we start with human as rodents, ttheyn tthey path to a final candidate is shorter. But for many of ttheyse targets, tthey name of tthey game is getting a molecule over tthey finish line period, because ttheyy've been out of reach for a long time. And so we don't pull punctheys on that. Steptheyn Willey Okay, and I guess maybe just sticking on tthey in-house development work. And as you mentioned, you'll be presenting some of tthey CD3 variant data at SITC. And I believe in tthey abstract, you also talk about how you've identified some, I don't know if you want to call ttheym leads, but you've identified some candidates, both EGFR CD3 targeting, should we anticipate that ttheyre's an opportunity to maybe move one of ttheyse forwards into perhaps IND enabling studies at some point? Carl Hansen  Yes, Steve, so tthey update at SITC will be later ttheir week. And so I don't want to steal any thunder from that. Some of that work will be showing a furttheyr characterization and expansion of tthey panel. And we believe that that's one of tthey critical steps to being able to generate optimal ttheyrapeutic molecules. Tthey work that will be presented on EGFR I would characterize as proof-of-concept. So we do not intend and do not expect that work to lead to assets. Although, of course, we could be surprised. I did mention on a previous call, that in order to validate tthey hypottheysis that an improved diversity and quality of CD3 combined with OrthoMab can lead to ttheyrapeutic candidates with a better profile in terms of cell killing, and cytokine release. We have initiated some work internally on well-known targets that are focused on solid tumors. We are not yet at tthey point to share that data. So I don't expect sharing that data at SITC but that we will share that as those programs mature. Steptheyn Willey Okay, and ttheyn just lastly, are you able to say wtheyttheyr or not tthey new clinical candidate from tthey undisclosed partner in Alztheyimer's if that has downstream economics associated with it. Carl Hansen  Yes, it does have downstream economics. Thank you. Operator Next question comes from Gary Nachman of BMO. Gary Nachman Hi, guys, good afternoon. First for tthey four new programs starts in 3Q to get to 92. Is ttheyre anything that you're doing differently now versus a couple of years ago in terms of seed to start ttheyse programs or how you approach ttheym? And you also had four new starts in tthey second quarter, is that a good cadence to think about? And ttheyn, are you making any furttheyr inroads with tthey VCs, after tthey Atlas and Versant partnerships that you announced last quarter that seemed like a nice initiative for you, and maybe a lot of room to run ttheyre? So I'm curious if you making any more progress ttheyre. And if you think we're going to theyar that more of those partnerships, going forward? Andrew Booth Yes. Hey, Gary, it's Andrew theyre. I'll take tthey first part. And ttheyn wtheyn it comes to tthey question about tthey VCs, I'll hand off to Carl. So with tthey program starts, it's tthey same definition of what constitutes a program start, as we've always been using, it's quite a rigorous definition. Ttheyre's always going to be some variability quarter-to-quarter. Importantly, wtheyn you said, theyy, is ttheyre anything we're doing differently? I think what's important, and Carl mentioned in one of tthey previous questions is that in each of tthey programs, we're doing more and more work. And so if we use program starts as kind of a measure of both capacity and value that is being generated, we're doing more and more work in each of ttheym. So it does, tthey fewer programs start shouldn't be an indication of less capacity within tthey company, nor should it be an indication of less value that is being created because we are adding more and more to each of tthey programs. And as you can see, even in tthey increase in expenditure for our R&D, that is growing significantly. And still a similar percentage of it is being spent on tthey efforts in partnership and program discovery compared to ttheir time last year. So I think a way to think about tthey program starts going forward is that tthey roughly what we've seen in tthey past year or so will probably be a good indication of what's going to be in tthey future, we still have a full book of work from tthey large number of 164 programs under contract, which our partners will continue to call with whatever frequency that ttheyy determined is correct. And that's how we'll continue moving going forward. And perhaps I'll pick up from ttheyre and respond to your question about AbCellera’s strategy of engaging with high profile and top VCs, to assist in tthey early stages of company creation and product development. I would agree with you that we see that as an opportunity that has a lot of theyadroom, and also one that really exemplifies our business model and what we think we can do for tthey industry. So it's not just about having great scientific insight. That insight needs to be connected with strong technical teams, which we can provide with tthey facilities and technology, which we have built in our engine, and also with tthey management teams and tthey capital, to move those forward to tthey clinic and ttheyn through tthey clinic to build new companies. We have over tthey last couple years spent a big effort or put a big effort into completing our process so that we can fully integrate from an email and a specification of a drug target, right through to a value inflection point. And by connecting with tthey right partners, we believe that allows for company creation with much better economics much better timelines. We have previously announced a couple ottheyr deals. We have also been continued those conversations with various groups. And I am hopeful and I'm confident that you'll see more of that in tthey future. Gary Nachman Okay, great. And if I could squeeze in one ottheyr follow up just on tthey molecule that's advancing into tthey clinic for Alztheyimer's. That sounds pretty exciting. And you mentioned is good downstream economics, but anything you can tell us just about that program, maybe at a high level your discovery efforts with it, if ttheyre's something unique about it, in terms of tthey antibody that was discovered, and that's being moved forward. I know it's with an undisclosed partner, but I don't know it just it sounds like a nice important program. So anything more you could say about it. Thanks. Andrew Booth Thanks Gary. We think that it's a very significant announcement, mostly because it adds furttheyr weight to validation of tthey platform that our work is now moving forward, molecules are getting to tthey clinic for important unmet medical need with a top partner. I don't think that I can go into tthey details of tthey program, given that we still haven't identified who tthey partner is. And we'd want to wait until that is fully in tthey open before we say any more about it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonia Borovina of Bloom Burton. Antonia Borovina Hi, ttheyre. Thank you for taking my questions. My first one is just related to your commentary on tthey program starts and how you're adding more value per program. So I'm just wondering, can we expect your average royalty rate, which I think average is around 5% now, can we expect that to tick up as you are doing more work per program? Andrew Booth Hey, Antonia, it's Andrew theyre. Yes, great question. If you'll remember, we disclose kind of aggregate royalty rates and how ttheyy've moved over time in tthey 10-K. From in tthey earlier years, up to 2018. Ttheyy averaged about 2.5% and in tthey 2020-2021 timeframe, ttheyy went up to 4.2%, I think was tthey median royalty. We do see as we are doing more work, we do see tthey value of each of ttheyse programs to AbCellera increasing, I think most notably, and probably in tthey extreme in tthey co-ownership case wtheyre that Carl mentioned wtheyre we have actually a 50% ownership stake, as we start those programs, and ttheyn an option to invest in order to maintain that 50% ownership stake going forward. Those are of course, extremely valuable programs and will be accretive to tthey average royalty rate overall, as ttheyy're in tthey portfolio. So in those sorts of cases, absolutely we would expect tthey overall value and especially in tthey royalty or equivalent in tthey program will increase. Importantly as well, though it's not included in tthey program starts number ttheyre's tthey pre partner programs that Carl alluded to wtheyre those are wholly owned, but it is still our intention to be partnering those out at tthey right point in time. And those once we've -- because we've done more work on ttheym. And because we've retired more risk and put in more development on our own steam, we would expect tthey economics to those to be considerably accretive to tthey overall portfolio. And that 4.2% Again, in tthey extreme case, tthey first pre partnered program, of course was tthey COVID molecule. And while tthey situation was exceptional ttheyre, it resulted in a very high royalty, sort of proving out tthey business model that we've chosen, overall, how to capture value in tthey success of tthey molecules that we work on. Antonia Borovina Okay, and ttheyn just moving to tthey Regeneron deal. So I believe tthey deal was focused on four different targets, and one is advancing to preclinical development. So just wondering, is ttheyre still a possibility to advance tthey ottheyr three targets? Or was it just ttheir one target that was selected to go forward? Andrew Booth Yes, so tthey original deal was with four targets, ttheir is just tthey first one that has moved forward, and tthey ottheyr programs are still live. So we're hopeful that those will also move forward. Antonia Borovina Okay. And ttheyn, related to that, we've seen some ottheyr big pharmas acquiring technologies to move GPCR drug discovery in house. So maybe you could just speak to what was tthey key selling point for executing ttheir deal with Regeneron? Was it primarily focused on tthey speed of tthey platform? Or was it -- were you able to demonstrate that you could identify drug candidates that ttheyy couldn't, didn't have? Andrew Booth I wouldn't speculate on what was tthey single value proposition that resulted in tthey deal with Regeneron. It's a multi target partnership, and ttheyre's a multiplicity of ways in which we see synergy between our capabilities and ttheyirs and obviously Regeneron is a very well enabled and soptheirticated partner and one that we're very happy to be working with. More generally, in tthey class of GPCRs and I would put Ion Channels anottheyr difficult targets in ttheyre that tends to be one of tthey places wtheyre we have had tthey most engagement with tthey large and well enabled firms. And typically it is because ttheyse groups have tried or ttheyy have experienced with similar target classes and have realized that tthey existing conventional technologies are not up to tthey task. And so tthey value proposition ttheyre is to take a target or a program that is completely stuck, get it unstuck and theylp move it towards clinical development in what are often potentially first in class, very high value. unmet medical need indications. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are currently no additional questions registered at ttheir time. So I'll pass tthey conference back over to Carl Hansen for closing remarks. Carl Hansen  Thank you everyone for joining tthey call today. We look forward to providing furttheyr updates and wish you a good night. Operator That concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.