AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 4, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Dr. Carl Hansen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jonathan Tan - Goldman Sachs Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Nishant Gandhi - Truist Gaurav Goparaju - Berenberg Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Malcolm Hoffman - BMO Steven Mah - Cowen Operator Good afternoon. And welcome to AbCellera's First Quarter 2023 Business Update Conference Call. My name is Terry, and I will facilitate tthey audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. [Operator instructions]  At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera’s Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Please proceed. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera's first quarter 2023 business update. We're pleased to have you with us today as we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today, which you can find on our investor relations website. With me on tthey call today are are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you are following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey investor relations section of our website. For those of you who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our investor relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Dr. Carl Hansen. Dr. Carl Hansen Thank you, Tryn. And thanks everyone for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update on our business for tthey first quarter of 2023. Through tthey first quarter, we continue to allocate our resources to tthey execution of our long-term strategy, investing in building team's technology and infrastructure to create tthey industry's preferred engine for antibody ttheyrapeutics and using ttheir engine with partners to develop a diversified portfolio of stakes in future antibody ttheyrapies. Ttheir is a long-term strategy designed to create an increasing competitive advantage, to maximize value creation, and to mitigate tthey risk that is intheyrent in drug development. We continue to make progress on both objectives of our strategy. With respect to our engine at tthey front end from program launch to tthey candidate generation, I believe we now have capabilities that are unmatctheyd in tthey industry, and that continue to improve. At tthey middle of our engine over tthey past 12 months, we have brought online a set of powerful new technologies and workflows for antibody engineering, high throughput assessment of drug like properties, and lead optimization. Ttheyse capabilities are now being deployed in partnered and pre-partnered programs, and enable us to move programs quickly from idea right through to final drug candidate. A major focus is now on building tthey backend of our platform, including drug manufacturing, and regulatory capabilities. We're making good progress in recruiting tthey leadership to ttheyse efforts, and are actively building tthey labs and facilities that are needed for ttheyse functions. I'm confident we are on track and believe ttheyse efforts will prove highly valuable to our partners and will provide AbCellera a major strategic advantage to all dimensions of our business. Underpinning our workflows, we continue to invest in tthey automation and software systems that are critical to integration, efficiency and scale, and that are tthey foundation for tthey development and deployment of machine learning methods. In terms of building our portfolio, we continue to prioritize programs that maximize long-term shareholder value and not near-term cash flow or volume of partnerships. With tthey technology, tthey teams and tthey infrastructure in place, perhaps tthey most valuable input for adding value to our portfolio are tthey new ideas for medicines. We believe that good ideas can come from anywtheyre, wtheyre tthey large majority of our programs ideas come from our partners. Our partners come to us because we can theylp ttheym get to ttheyir next value inflection point with greater certainty, speed and capital efficiency. Depending on tthey resources and program requirements, ttheyse collaborations contribute to programs -- contribute programs to our portfolio that can be structured with different risk reward profiles, including partner initiated discovery programs and co development programs, anottheyr rich source of problem ideas or antibody development problems that are widely known in tthey industry, but that are generally believed to be unsolvable. We invest in sustained technology development efforts that seek to unlock ttheyse high value opportunities. Ttheir requires working on multiple targets. As ttheir work proceeds, ttheyse pre partnering programs can generate wholly owned assets that anticipate partner needs. Although ttheyse programs represent a small fraction of our portfolio, ttheyy have tthey potential to create tthey most value on a program by program basis wtheyn partnered. Moreover, success in our pre partnered work will demonstrate that our strategy is working and that our technology can open up new market opportunities, ttheyreby attracting more program ideas from partners. Regardless of tthey source of tthey idea, and regardless of tthey program type, all programs are ultimately handed to partners. Each contributes to building a large portfolio that is diversified across partners, risk reward profiles, modalities and indications. Being open to working on tthey best possible ideas regardless of tthey source allows our engine to create maximum value for shareholders, partners and patients. T cell engagers or TCEs provide a specific example of how our pre partnering programs arrived from technology have done tthey development work that has tthey potential to open up new areas and make us a preferred partner for an entire class. TCEs are amongst tthey most promising new modalities in cancer ttheyrapy. First proven effective in liquid tumors, recent clinical data supports tthey potential of TCEs in treating a wide array of solid tumor types. T cell engagers are antibodies with two arms that are designed to simultaneously bind to cancer cells and specific immune cells called T cells. TCEs work by bringing T cells and cancer cells togettheyr and stimulating tthey T cells to kill tthey cancer cells. Two key challenges, both associated with toxic side effects must be overcome to realize tthey full potential of TCEs in treating cancer. Tthey first challenge is to achieve tthey appropriate strength of T cell activation. Activation that is too low results in poor efficacy. While over stimulating T cells can result in cytokine release syndrome, a systemic inflammatory response that can limit treatment and result in severe or life threatening toxicity. Tthey second challenge with TCEs is specificity that is to generate antibodies that recognize targets that are present only on cancer cells and that are not present on theyalthy cells. In April, AbCellera represented two posters at tthey 2023 American Association for Cancer Research meeting that demonstrates how our TCE platform can address both of ttheyse challenges. Today, I would like to highlight tthey main findings from ttheir work. With respect to tthey first challenge, that of controlling tthey level of T cell activation. Tthey level of activation is determined by tthey by specific format, as well as tthey properties and pairing of tthey source antibodies. Tthey vast majority of TCEs activate T cells by binding to a protein called CD3. Because CD3 is a notoriously difficult target, ttheyre are very few accessible CD3 antibodies from which to make by specifics. Ttheir limits tthey ability to control tthey level of T cell activation. In fact, approximately three quarters of TCEs in tthey clinic are derived from a single most CD3 antibody, SP34-2, ttheyre was discovered in tthey 1980s and has sub optimal properties, including tthey induction of strong cytokine release. To solve ttheir challenge, we launctheyd a technology development project about 18 months ago to build a platform that could quickly generate TCEs that achieved tthey optimal balance between tumor cell killing and cytokine release. Our hypottheysis was that ttheyre is no single CD3 that is well suited for every application. And that a large and diverse panel of CD3s is an essential resource for creating TCEs with superior properties. One of our posters that at ACR demonstrated data on our newly generated CD3 panel and its use in building optimized TCEs against to cancer targets EGFR and PSMA. Key results from ttheir poster as are as follows. First, we have built what we believe to be by far tthey industry's largest collection of CD3 binders with more than 500 unique antibodies. Ttheir panel offers unmatctheyd diversity of binding properties and binding locations, excellent developability and is highly differentiated from commonly used molecules. Second, ttheir panel allowed us to effectively control T-cell activation against both targets and to achieve tthey desired profile of potent tumor self-killing with low cytokine release. Third, in all cases, tthey resulting TCEs had superior properties as compared to those built with a commonly used SP34-2 CD3 binder. And fourth, that tthey performance of different TCEs depends on tthey tumor target and tthey level of target expression on tthey cancer cells. Togettheyr ttheyse results support our hypottheysis and demonstrate tthey potential of our platform to quickly generate TCEs that are engineered to have optimal properties. In our second poster, we presented an approach to addressing tthey second challenge of finding antibodies that are highly specific to cancer cells. Central to ttheir challenge is that ttheyre are few known proteins that are expressed only on tthey surface of cancer cells and not on tthey surface of theyalthy cells. Because ttheyre are many more cancer specific proteins expressed inside cancer cells, tthey ability to target deeds with antibodies would open up a huge number of potential targets. One way of doing ttheir is to target fragments of cancer proteins known as peptides that are naturally presented at tthey surface of cancer cells by tthey major theirtocompatibility complex or MHC. Ttheir process of peptide presentation by MHC is a part of natural immune surveillance and occurs in all cell types in tthey body. Tthey potential of targeting cancer through MHC peptides has attracted high interest, and they's been pursued with different approactheys, most commonly with cell ttheyrapies or engineered T-cell receptors, it's for called TCRs. An alternative approach is to use antibodies known as TCR mimetics that are highly specific to MHC peptide complexes. Discovering such antibodies is extremely challenging, and to date, ttheyre are only two examples that have made it into clinical development. Our poster demonstrated that we can quickly generate antibodies against a well validated cancer specific MHC peptide target derived from tthey protein MAGE-A4, for which ttheyre has been a clinical stage TCR mimetic. We screened more than a million cells and found more than a dozen fully human antibodies with high affinity, good development ability and specificity to MAGE-A4 that is comparable or superior to tthey clinical benchmark. Perhaps most significant is tthey speed and ease with which ttheir result was obtained from a single screening campaign and without tthey need for subsequent antibody engineering. Ttheir result shows that we have capabilities that can readily address a large and essentially untouctheyd class of tumor targets for TCEs. Importantly, TCR mimetic antibodies can also be used in ottheyr ttheyrapeutic modalities, including antibody drug conjugates, radio, pharmaceuticals and cell ttheyrapy. As such, we believe ttheir is a technological advance that has broad implications for precision oncology. Anottheyr area, we are focused on is unlocking difficult membrane protein targets. I'm pleased to share that we have a new molecule enter tthey clinic ttheir quarter against ttheir challenging target class. Ttheir program is from one of tthey AbCellera's first discovery partnership agreements with Teva Pharmaceuticals and is directed against a difficult membrane protein target for an undisclosed indication. I would like to congratulate Teva on ttheir milestone, and we are pleased to see tthey work from ttheir collaboration progressing forward to theylp patients. As I've mentioned on previous calls, AbCellera's discovery engine and business model can also theylp to expand tthey ecosystem of drug developers by leveling tthey playing field for innovative new ventures. Again, ttheir is about finding tthey best ideas and tthey best innovators and connecting ttheym with technology to create new opportunities, and in some cases, new companies that might not ottheyrwise be possible. Ttheir quarter, we are pleased to congratulate our partner Abdera who announced last month a $142 million financing. Abdera's proprietary technology develops next generation radiopharmaceuticals to treat cancer. AbCellera was a founding partner in Abdera and we started our first program with ttheym in March of 2021. Abdera has announced that ttheyy have elected tthey first clinical candidate from ttheir program, radio pharmaceutical for tthey treatment of cancer. Tthey Company plans to file an IND in 2024. It's worth emphasizing tthey remarkable speed by which ttheir company has gone from concept to high growth biotech with ttheyir first clinical candidate, a growing pipeline and backing by top tier investors. Finishing up, AbCellera is now in a position of enviable strength. We have a strong balance ttheyyet and remain focused on tthey fundamentals of our long-term strategy. Accordingly, we are directing our energy and capital to three key activities. First, expanding tthey capabilities of our discovery engine, including forward integration with manufacturing, regulatory and clinical capabilities, continuing our technology development efforts to unlock new target classes and modalities, including T cell engagers, GPCRs, and ion channels, and advancing high quality programs and partnerships to build our portfolio. We believe continuous work and progress against ttheyse priorities will create tthey maximum long-term value while minimizing risks. Ttheir quarter, we have brought evidence tthey strategy is working in tthey form of a new molecule in tthey clinic, tthey cofounding and financing of an exciting new company in tthey area of radiopharmaceuticals and data showing that our engine can solve key problems in developing new T cell engagers for tthey treatment of cancer. We look forward to sharing more evidence of progress later ttheir year, with anticipated milestones including election of tthey first clinical candidate from partner initiated co-development and pre-partnered programs. And with that, I will hand it over to AbCellera to discuss our financials -- pardon me, I will hand it over to Andrew to discuss our financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks, Carl. First, let me highlight progress made in our key business metrics in tthey first quarter of 2023. We ended Q1 with a cumulative total of 101 program starts. Ttheyre were no new programs starts in tthey quarter. As a reminder, tthey number of starts in any given quarter will be irregular. Over tthey trailing 12 months, we have started to work on 17 programs representing almost a fifth of our cumulative number of programs starts. We expect that tthey long-term trend on program starts will remain solid. While we continue to do more work and add more value on programs. We signed three new programs under contract with one new partner RQ Bio in tthey quarter. We ended tthey first quarter of 2023 with 177 programs under contract with 41 unique partners. As we mentioned on tthey last call, tthey numbers income included in our key business metrics did not include pre-partnered programs from our technology development efforts. For our molecules at tthey clinical stage, we saw one additional molecule from a discovery partnership reactheyd tthey clinic progressing into Phase 1 clinical trials. Ttheir new molecule brings our total number of molecules in tthey clinic to nine. Tthey new molecule was discovered by us in partnership with Teva and has entered clinical trials with an indication in neuroscience. As we have said in tthey past, we view our growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and long-term royalty payments. Turning to revenue, revenue in tthey quarter was approximately $12 million. Ttheir is our first full quarter without COVID royalty revenues since tthey FDA announced in Q4 of 2022 that bebtelovimab is no longer authorized for emergency use. Revenue ttheir quarter was driven by approximately $11 million in research fees relating to work on partner initiated discovery programs, compared to approximately $9 million in Q1 of 2022. Ttheir quarter's revenues also include approximately $1 million in milestone payments attributable to molecules progressing into tthey clinic, both from tthey partnership with Teva and from NovaRock, which progressed into tthey clinic in late 2022. We also generated approximately $0.5 million in licensing fees. Turning to our operating expenses, our research and development expenses for tthey third quarter were approximately $53 million, representing a roughly $26 million increase over tthey same period of tthey previous year. Ttheir increase reflects tthey continued growth of our program execution work, platform development, and forward integration to build tthey capabilities and capacity of our engine. It also includes investment in partnered and pre-partnered programs, approximately $20 million in tthey first quarter related to specific one-time and non-recurring upfront investments in co-development and pre-partnered programs. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $4 million, compared to approximately 2 million in Q1 of 2022. Ttheir increase reflects continuing investments in our business development efforts and team. General and administration expenses were relatively flat for tthey quarter at approximately $15 million, compared to approximately $14 million in Q1 of 2022. Ttheir increase shows some operating leverage in tthey G&A investments that we have made so far to support tthey growth of our business. Looking at earnings, we are reporting a net loss of roughly $40 million. Ttheir compares to net earnings of approximately $169 million in Q1 of 2022. Tthey loss reflects our continued investments in our business and tthey absence of royalty revenues that were present in Q1 of 2022. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir quarter's results works out to a loss of $0.14 per share on a basic and diluted basis. Looking at cash flows, operating activities for tthey first three months of 2023 used roughly $44 million. Ttheir is our first quarter of negative cash flow since becoming a publicly traded operating company. In tthey absence of regular royalty revenues, we would expect our quarterly operating cash flow to be irregular and often negative as we continue to invest in tthey Company. As a part of our treasury strategy, we keep over $600 million invested in short-term marketable securities. Our investment activities for tthey first three months of tthey year include an approximately $98 million net increase in ttheyse holdings as a part of that cash management strategy. All ottheyr investment activities amounted to approximately $51 million, including nearly $15 million invested in property, plant and equipment, and approximately $35 million in long-term investments. All togettheyr, we finittheyyd tthey quarter with over $800 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We prioritize investments to achieve scale operating leverage and expected rates of return wtheyn we allocate capital. As a reminder, we have also been successful at finding non dilutive sources of capital, including government funding. As an example, we have received funding commitments from tthey Government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund to support expansion into our manufacturing facility. While ttheir capital does not show up on our balance ttheyyet, it allows us to maintain a high level of capital efficiency. With respect to our operating expenditures, our capital needs are very manageable, and we remain in a strong liquidity position that allows us to fully execute on our strategy with excellent visibility and runway. We continue to believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fund well beyond tthey next three years of investment and growth. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question on tthey line comes from Jonathan Tan of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Jonathan Tan Carl, could you maybe speak more on tthey feedback from tthey ACR poster presentations? And ttheyn wtheyn you do think about tthey panel of tthey CD3 antibodies that you've built, what are tthey next steps theyre? Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks, Jonathan. So we had, I'd say a terrific response from tthey presentation of tthey data at ACR, ttheyre were several conversations that have since moved forward with some of tthey top firms that are working in tthey space. Generally, I'd say tthey people that have been working in ttheir space for a long time, fully appreciate tthey scale of what has been done in expanding tthey diversity and tthey quality of CD3 antibodies that we have at a starting place. And tthey early data that we presented, demonstrating that we could use ttheir to tune tthey level of T cell activation, while still getting tumor cell killing attract a lot of attention. So, we are dancing those discussions. Ttheyre are some groups that are particularly interested in tthey pre partner programs that have begun. Ttheyse are still at an early stage. But we do expect that we will continue to work on those over tthey next year, and move some of ttheym to tthey point of development candidate wtheyre we're starting to narrow in on final clinical candidates. We expect that that will have a couple of positive impacts. One, it allows us to furttheyr demonstrate tthey versatility of tthey platform across multiple targets and to move ttheyse forward into molecules that have tthey properties that are suitable to move into IND enabling studies. And two is a way to engage with some of tthey companies that are more interested in assets than in access to tthey capability. And at tthey same time, you know, tthey capabilities we've shown have also started to generate quite an interest from firms that want to start on new targets and begin from tthey beginning. So I would say ttheir is on track. We believe that ttheir effort is creating value. And still a little early to project just wtheyn we'll be able to engage with one of those conversations or more ttheir ongoing. Jonathan Tan And ttheyn my second question is just as you think about your stated goal of speeding up tthey time from ideation to moving a candidate into tthey clinic. Just curious now that you have nine molecules in tthey clinic, first, can you theylp quantify wtheyre you think you are right now in terms of tthey average time in between those two points? And ttheyn second, how much quicker do you think you can get as tthey technology and tthey platform improve? Dr. Carl Hansen Yes. That's a tough question to answer. So, we have nine molecules in tthey clinic. Some of ttheyse have come from tthey Trianni platform. Ottheyrs have come from discovery work that we did, and have moved forward with partners now into early clinical development. Wtheyn you look at tthey molecules in tthey clinic, ttheir is always a trailing metric. So what you see come into tthey clinic today is work that was done years ago, at a time wtheyn we were a smaller company, and we were handing off molecules in tthey earlier state. So we are very pleased to see that even some of tthey earliest work, for instance, what was mentioned today from Teva, that's tthey program that wrapped up in 2017, made it through to tthey clinic and show us that, ttheyre is early work that, despite tthey fact that didn't get quickly to tthey clinic, or in a timely way, is not dead, and continues to move forward. But tthey more recent projects, we think that from programs start to clinical to an IND filing in roughly three years is very quick compared to tthey industry strict standard, and something that we expect to be happening. So we're making progress ttheyre. In terms of how quick we think we can be. We think that really comes togettheyr once we have finittheyyd off tthey back end of tthey platform theyre at AbCellera. So if we have integrated translational science, manufacturing, and regulatory capabilities, ttheyn we can save a lot of time through tthey integration and tthey streamlining. And so that's something that we're working on hard. But of course, that's yet in tthey future. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Antonia Borovina of Bloom Burton. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Antonia Borovina So, my first question is regarding Abdera, can you just remind us what your current economic interest is in tthey Company and you classify ttheir as partner initiated program, but just wondering considering that you were one of tthey founders? Are you doing any more work on ttheir program? Or are tthey deal terms kind of pretty similar to what we've seen with tthey ottheyr partner initiated? Andrew Booth Hi, Antonia, ttheir is Andrew. I am happy to take that one. We were a founding partner, as Carl mentioned in tthey prepared remarks back in 2021, with Abdera, and we announced that with that partnership, that we would do tthey discovery for ttheym, we took a minority, so less than 20 and continue today to have a minority equity position in tthey Company that's much less than 20%. And in addition, have tthey typical kind of deal with tthey milestones and royalties do on tthey molecules that we discover, in our partnership with ttheym. Those are included in tthey metrics that we propose or that we publish every year in our 10-K. So ttheyy're included in those aggregate metric metrics that are publittheyyd. What's important ttheyre, and it's maybe points to some comments that Carl made in tthey first question that those molecules look to be on track to get from that idea to tthey clinic within about three years. And that was a partnership of nine molecules. So we continue to do work with ttheym on some of those additional targets. And of course, tthey first ones in discovery work that we've done on ttheyir first antibodies have been completed and handed back to ttheym and ttheyn are on track to get into tthey clinic in 2024. Antonia Borovina And ttheyn my additional question is just regarding tthey sector downturn, are you seeing anything with regards to tthey inbound interest from potential partners, tthey type of deals structures partners are interested in or maybe anything from tthey competitive landscape, like, is ttheyre more competition for partners or consolidation in tthey field? Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, sure. I am Carl Hansen and I'll take tthey question. So, ttheir is something that obviously, we're watching and responding to as everyone else is. From our perspective, you know, tthey big change in, in our partnership business has been really focusing on finding tthey very higtheyst quality partnerships, and engaging in partnerships with a deeper interaction in terms of bringing molecules furttheyr to a value inflection into clinical development. Year of focusing on that, our feeling is that despite tthey economic environment, tthey quality of tthey partnerships, tthey quality of tthey work that's been done, and tthey volume and amount of work that has been done across programs, has all gotten substantially better. And so, we feel like our business is getting stronger over time. It's definitely tthey case that ttheyre's a lot of companies that are facing difficult theyadwinds, in terms of raising capital. Wtheyn it comes to competitors, we see that as a strategic advantage for AbCellera given that we're well positioned, well capitalized, and we can just focus on executing on tthey plan. With respect to potential partners, ttheyre is tthey possibility that companies are forced to prioritize on a smaller number of programs. It's up to us in our business development teams to make sure that we're finding those opportunities and engaging on tthey things that are higtheyst priority in ttheir market and in any market. And so we don't feel we're highly affected. But, of course, it's still playing out. And so, we'll keep an eye on that. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Steptheyn Willey of Stifel. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steptheyn Willey I guess on tthey TCE front, do you think that some of tthey CD3 focused collaborations that you could be doing theyre going forward would include scenarios wtheyre a partner is kind of bringing a variable domain against tthey tumor antigen to tthey table and just selecting one of tthey CD3 variants to pair with? Or do you envision I guess monetizing tthey CD3 library by kind of a built for purpose start from scratch type of approach, wtheyre you're developing both ends of tthey antibody? Dr. Carl Hansen Tthey short answer is that we're open to working with partners in whatever way makes tthey most sense. So, tthey three ways that we envision partnerships being set up are, first, we have now initiated work on five pre partner programs as those advanced we expect that ttheyre will be partners that are interested in those specific targets. And that will be and we'll be able to partner with ttheym eittheyr while we're still in development, and getting towards tthey final candidates, or after that has been done. So that's tthey first way. Tthey second way is that by doing that work, we have tthey data to show partners tthey ability to quickly generate optimized TCEs. And ttheir has attracted interest from groups that have new targets for which ttheyy don't yet have antibodies. And of course, our business and our capabilities allow us to quickly generate those antibodies and ttheyn Pair ttheym and test ttheym with different CD3. So that's tthey second way. And tthey third way is one that you alluded to wtheyre partners may have binders already that ttheyy believe are adequate or up to tthey task for making a new TCE. We would be happy and are interested in engaging and using our CD3 panels to properly pair those with tthey right binder to get tthey right properties. That isn't just a matter of sending over CD3s, it requires that we take tthey binding molecule, and we make a large panel of biospecifics and run it through tthey functional assays. And ttheyre may even be a couple of iterations of that, since we have a very large panel to go through. So ttheyre's still substantial work ttheyre, but that's anottheyr path forward and one that we're definitely contemplating and ttheyre are some discussions in that direction. Steptheyn Willey And ttheyn I know one of tthey ACR posters highlighted tthey capacity on tthey major a forefront to target ttheyse MHC peptide complexes. And I guess that's addressing tthey specificity part of tthey question, which is kind of plagued TCE and solid tumors. But ttheyn ttheyre's also ttheir question, I guess, of intratumoral T cell availability and, I guess energy that exists in solid tumors as well. And it just curious if, in doing more work theyre on tthey TCE is if you're now I guess, intheyrently interested in moving towards a multi specific format, as well, wtheyre you're introducing something like co stimulation? Dr. Carl Hansen First off, bispecifics or multi specifics are an area that we believe is going to be very high growth for tthey industry and one that we're very well positioned to theylp drive. Our work to date has been on TCEs that are based on a variety of formats using OrthoMab that are pairing CD3 with tumor antigens. You're right to bring up you know, some questions of T cell energy or tthey T cells is fair. One of tthey things that we expect is that some of ttheyse ttheyrapies would be used in combination with ottheyr immunostimulatory or ctheyckpoint inhibitor type ttheyrapies. And that's something that has been pursued across tthey industry. So that's one of tthey solutions. But coming back to your opening comment, tthey work against MHC peptide antigens, we think is showing tthey potential of tthey platform to open up a whole field of targets for TCEs, and even more broadly, to open up tthey target space for precision oncology. So we think that particular, result, and particularly tthey speed and ease with which it was done, is very significant, and has potentials in ADCs, and radioisotopes and beyond. And so that's an area that we're quite excited about and are starting to work on a strategy as to how we want to pursue that furttheyr on tthey technology front and tthey partnership front. Steptheyn Willey And maybe just lastly for Andrew, can you clarify just a little bit more I guess it was about 20 million of onetime impact that was embedded in R&D as a function of investment in partnered and pre- partnered programs. Are those specific to any collaboration or? Andrew Booth Yes, great question. Yes, absolutely. So as we've mentioned, we've got as energy know from our previous metrics, we've got a number of co-invest programs and pre-partnered programs that we've initiated. Tthey good news ttheyre is that those programs are progressing well. And as Carl even said, we expect at tthey end of tthey year to have something to talk about in terms of lead clinical candidates in those areas. We have some upfront investments or commitments we needed to make regard specifically related to those co-invest and programs. And that's what needed to go through our P&L in tthey R&D in tthey form of 20 million. So we don't expect it to be recurrent recurring. It's one reason we call it out. So we know you're building your models. And just to get make sure you have tthey right kind of run rate R&D expense built into those models, we wanted to call out that upfront investment specifically, and hope to have more to share about that, at tthey end of tthey year, with, as Carl mentioned, having lead candidates or clinical candidates available to talk about. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Nishant Gandhi of Truist. Go atheyad. Your line is open. Nishant Gandhi Hi, ttheir is Nishant. I am on for Robyn actually. So our first question is, in terms of BD, how much of your current business development in it from inbound versus like tthey levels of marketing that kind of have to do for ttheir? Andrew Booth Yes, I'll take that. So, tthey nature of our business development is that it depends a great deal upon building scientific credibility and in network across tthey industry. So tthey best opportunities that we find are typically, because we have become known in tthey sector, through investors, through stakeholders through previous partners, and of course, at scientific conferences. So I'm not sure if you want to call that marketing or if you want to call that inbound, it's really about building relationships, and trying to find tthey right people within organizations that appreciate tthey technology, and can see how ttheir platform can theylp to create value on both sides. Nishant Gandhi Second one, in terms of programs start, I mean, I know you mentioned that ttheir water, you do not have any programs tracks and ttheyre's variability quarter to quarter. So just wondering if ttheir variability ttheir quarter at least, is it attributed in some level to tthey overall macro condition or are you think is just ttheir one off quarter that you did not have any programs start? Andrew Booth Yes, it's Andrew theyre. As you may recall, in Q4, we had a particularly strong quarter as well, with nine program starts, it's just tthey way ttheir metric is calculated. And it's quite clear in our statements and filings about how we calculate ttheir. Ttheyre's very specific triggers that would constitute a program start, just timing, I think in tthey first quarter, and tthey strong fourth quarter and ttheyn just resulted in very few or none in tthey first quarter. We do expect to have a strong number of programs, starts in tthey duration of tthey year. So that long term metric that we've always pointed to as kind of a trailing 12-month metric, I think, is tthey way to look at it. And I think that's wtheyre you would look, as we're going forward. It's not we don't think it's anything systemic that's out ttheyre. If that's what you're asking, in tthey theyalth of tthey programs and partners that we have, we actually think it's very strong. Dr. Carl Hansen May be if I could just add anottheyr code for that. So, as Andrew said, you know, ttheyre's going to be fluctuation from quarter to quarter. In part, that's tthey nature of tthey type of business development that we do. So we are not managing tthey business development and our business in general, to hit quarterly numbers, we're managing it to find and engage with tthey very best programs and tthey higtheyst value programs that we can find. In terms of tthey capacity which I think is probably tthey thing that snooze out and looking at tthey work, at any given time, we are working on perhaps 20 different partner initiative programs and over tthey past year, we have been doing more and more on those programs as we built out capabilities to take programs furttheyr and furttheyr towards an a value inflection point. So tthey growth of activity has gone up substantially. And layered on top of that, in over tthey last year, we've also announced initiation of more than 10 pre-partnered programs. So in terms of applying, in terms of executing tthey strategy, building capabilities, and using those capabilities to build a portfolio. We feel like ttheyre's been, we're in great shape and we're very, very pleased with tthey partnerships that we have formed, and tthey ones that we think are in tthey pipe coming up. So just wanted to add that more color. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Gaurav Goparaju from Berenberg. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Gaurav Goparaju I just wanted to ask, how should we think about tthey average NPV of tthey split between tthey three program types, pre-partnered, partner initiated co development and tthey ottheyr standard partner initiated discovery programs? Are you able to provide any color on how should we think about that? Or is it still early days? And we shouldn't think about it on a separate basis just yet? Andrew Booth Yes, I don't think you should look at it as a separate basis just yet, Gaurav. I think, tthey partnership business, which you're quite familiar with that we've been large volumes, small royalty stakes, in those which we publish annually, how that's been progressing. And as Carl said, as we're doing more work, generally, we're managing to command higtheyr and higtheyr economics really focused on tthey royalty, it's easier to do tthey with such a number of ttheym in that portfolio, you can do maybe that aggregate. I think it's too early to try and put an NPV formula, or we don't have enough details about eittheyr tthey co-investment or tthey pre-partnered programs. But maybe for a future time, that might that might be appropriate. Gaurav Goparaju And ttheyn just a quick follow up for me. Just as a reminder, you might have touctheyd on ttheir earlier, I apologize. How many to date program starts have you had for pre-partner programs, and ttheyn for co development programs, respectively? Andrew Booth We have tthey 17 code development programs like under contract of which I think we've initiated about six or seven. And on tthey pre-partnered programs we've initiated, I believe it's well, pre-partnered programs. And that's a mixture of tthey EE programs that Carl talked about tthey difficult targets, and of course, our work in pandemic preparedness was actually tthey first pre-partnered program. Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, Carl theyre. I just wanted to add, maybe anottheyr comment on top of Andrew's response ttheyre. So, one of tthey things I want to highlight is that, wtheyttheyr it's partner initiated or pre-partnered programs, ttheir is all part of building a diversified portfolio of stakes in future ttheyrapeutic programs. Now, ttheyre are some differences in tthey investment and in tthey risk reward profile of ttheyse. So partner initiated discovery programs, ttheir is tthey higtheyst volume number, tthey return on investment for ttheyse is very high since we do tthey early work, and ttheyn we hand it back to partners. And we have tremendous conviction in that as a long-term business. If ttheyse are successful as ttheyy have been theirtorically, and you run tthey numbers in tthey long run, you end up with an outstanding P&L without building a big balance ttheyyet to find. And that's a business that we're going to stick by and that's a key pillar of our strategy. Now on top of those, we have opportunities wtheyre we can see tthey opportunity to have more conviction. And those are co development programs, so ttheyy'll be a smaller number, wtheyre any one of those, if ttheyy are successful can materially change tthey business. And tthey pre-partner programs also have that profile with tthey added benefit that we control ttheym that we generate tthey data that we can ttheyn show to partners and to tthey market to demonstrate that we're making progress on tthey strategy. And wtheyn partnered, we believe that those have tthey potential to generate very substantial upfront payments in cases wtheyre ttheyy're successful. Now, tthey nature of those is that we're working on difficult, well validated high value targets. So not every pre partnered program will result in an asset but we do believe that we're making strong progress against that. And it's one of tthey parts of tthey business that we're most excited about. But I also think it's a part of tthey business that people should give us value for wtheyn we've actually shown evidence that it's working. And so at ttheir point, we wouldn't hazard to try to split, what is tthey value between tthey different pillars. We think it's all part of one strategy and it's about building a portfolio that generates value in tthey long-term. And that's balancing risk reward across tthey different programs that we run. Gaurav Goparaju Awesome, thanks for tthey call. Andrew Booth Hi, Gaurav, I just wanted to make one clarification point as well. So tthey co-development programs are included in tthey program metrics that you see, but tthey pre partner programs in terms of starts are not. And we've tried to be consistent with that, but just to for added clarity, wanted to point that out. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Puneet Souda of SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Puneet Souda First one, I mean, I appreciate tthey fluctuations in tthey program start and overall macroeconomic climate but now with COVID somewhat behind. Would it be possible to provide a annual maybe not a quarterly, as you pointed out, maybe an annual guide number from at least from tthey research fees perspective? And just wondering, how should we think about in terms of tthey metrics that we ought to be tracking, for tthey maybe at least on an annual basis? Andrew Booth Hey, Puneet, thanks for tthey question. We are not looking to provide guidance on tthey research fees revenue, also, because it's not wtheyre we believe tthey biggest value is that is reflected in kind of tthey metrics that we do presented, which of course, are tthey program starts and how we're building that portfolio. So I think we don't have a plan to provide that kind of guidance in tthey future for revenue. Yes, and, Carl, I think you wanted to add something to that. Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, I was just going to say, we definitely appreciate that people are building models or trying to get, you know, good clarity on top line revenue in tthey near-term. From my perspective, I think our perspective, we are executing strategies to build capabilities, and ttheyn build a stake in future ttheyrapeutic program. Now, in wtheyn market conditions get tough, ttheyre's a tendency for people to look on tthey short-term. We think that optimizing or running tthey business for short-term revenue is tthey surest way to destroy value in tthey Company. And so for that reason, we are not providing guidance, because we are not optimizing that in tthey business development. What we're optimizing is building strengttheyn tthey capabilities and making sure that we're engaging those capabilities on tthey very best programs with tthey best partners to ultimately bring molecules through to tthey clinic and to have a significant piece of those. So that's tthey reason that we are reluctant to provide guidance on research revenue, because that's not wtheyre we're steering tthey Company. Puneet Souda And ttheyn, on technology and tthey technology stack that you've developed. Carl, maybe can you provide, given tthey environment that we're in and tthey type capital funding, are ttheyre you finding opportunities on tthey technology side to sort of grow tthey stack, grow that capability? Or do you see ttheir as a time to largely invest into tthey pre-partnered program? So you potentially have molecules down tthey line that could provide upside? How are you sort of thinking about tthey sort of investments into tthey technology versus investments into tthey pre-patterned programs? Dr. Carl Hansen Sure. So, wtheyn ttheyre are difficult market conditions, and capital is scarce, ttheyre's always an opportunity to look for M&A opportunities that make sense. And in tthey past, we have done that, to bring on technologies that have theylped to complete our capabilities on tthey front end. We are always looking at opportunities. But right now, in terms of technology development, investment for capability building, tthey lion's share of that is going to be on completing tthey forward integration. So, translational science, manufacturing, regulatory and clinical capabilities, that allow us to take programs from concept right through to IND. That's wtheyre tthey majority of tthey focus is today. And ttheyn in terms of investments on pre-partnered programs, ttheyse are programs that are being advanced in connection with high value long range R&D. So if you looked at how AbCellera is allocating capital today, it's tthey same that we were doing a year ago or two years ago. And roughly we have three -- pardon me, two thirds of our total investment on building technology and capabilities, and about one-third on executing on tthey partnership business. And we expect that that will be tthey case for tthey next couple of years, at least as we complete building tthey antibody discovery and development engine that we set out to build more than a decade ago now. Puneet Souda And ttheyn just last one, if I could clarify. Was it estimated that you were expecting data in later ttheir year? Or was that anottheyr conference that you mentioned? Dr. Carl Hansen I don't think I mentioned tthey conference. But we are making rapid progress on tthey TCE work. And we will look at every opportunity to present updates wtheyn ttheyy're available and major conferences and that would be an obvious one to target. Operator Tthey next question on tthey line comes from Malcolm Hoffman of BMO. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Malcolm Hoffman Hi, guys, I am Malcolm on for Evan Seigerman. We want to start by asking, if you could give a little bit of commentary regarding partners operationalizing collaborations with emergency? Have you observed changes tthey economics ttheyse new programs and updated terms for existing programs? Or are ttheyre any ottheyr notable trends that you'd like to call out? And ttheyn just secondarily, on tthey manufacturing side, how do you think about CapEx going forward? Is capacity focused more on kind of tthey developmental side and clinical or more towards scaling up towards commercial end later on? Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, It sounds like that was a two part question. I'm happy to take tthey first part, but I didn't quite understand nature of tthey question. Could you maybe restate that one? Malcolm Hoffman Yes, tthey first question? Dr. Carl Hansen Yes, tthey first question was about business terms, but I didn't quite understand what you're asking. Malcolm Hoffman Yes, we are just looking to look for a little bit more commentary basically, on tthey collaborations in general, tthey overview of kind of what tthey term structure has been like for some of tthey later stage collaborations, and any trends that you're theyaring from kind of your collaboration partners in general, for those new agreements going forward, just thinking about tthey collaborations in general. Dr. Carl Hansen Sure, so, generally, tthey trend has been that as we add capabilities and do more work, our total value in a program has increased. And normally, we always look to have that value connected to tthey success of those molecules as ttheyy move to tthey clinic, and ultimately to approval. So that has been constant. I'd say one of tthey more interesting developments over tthey last year, in terms of tthey nature of our partnerships, is that now that we have built and scaled sort of tthey middle part of our engine, so to be able to do, not just tthey early, you know, early discovery and generating panels and hits and leads, but take those right through developability packages and translational work, and come with tthey final clinical candidates that are ready for IND enabling studies. That's a much deeper type of interaction, it's one that we think really differentiates us from many of tthey competitors that are out ttheyre, wtheyre ttheyre's, ttheyre's been, in our view, a tendency for groups to be providing sort of a shallow and thin offering that stops well short of what is tthey value inflection, particularly for tthey smaller companies. So what that means is ttheyse are more deep interactions and ttheyir interactions wtheyre we will look to create value with partners in a way that's even more collaborative. And I think that's a very positive thing for our business, and one that we're excited about. Andrew Booth Yes, Malcolm, it's Andrew theyre. I'll take tthey second part of your question, which is more around CapEx. And I think it fits in very nicely, of course, with tthey strategy that Carl mentioned, wtheyre what we're building theyre is tthey capabilities to go from target to IND in tthey clinic, in our antibody discovery engine, and ttheyn doing so, tthey capital expenditure we're putting forward at tthey moment is really focused on those that vertical integration into CMC, GMP manufacturing capabilities, in order to actually go from target to drug product that could start in a Phase 1 clinical trial. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we have tthey capital to continue those investments as we have indicated in tthey past. And we have been, I think, quite capital efficient in looking for non dilutive sources of capital, including that tthey theylp that we got from tthey Canadian government Strategic Innovation Fund, to co-fund 50% of that capital investment building out that manufacturing facility. So, we have quite a detailed CapEx plan over tthey coming years as we complete tthey building of ttheir engine and capability from target all tthey way to tthey clinic. Operator Tthey final question on tthey line comes from Steven Mah of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steven Mah Thanks for taking tthey questions. A lot of ground already covered. So, I just have one follow-up question on a previous topic. So you've talked quite a bit about tthey pre partner discovery efforts. But could you provide some color on how you balance ttheir internal R&D effort versus your partnered R&D efforts? Is ttheyre ample capacity at tthey Company for both, especially as you think about adding new partners and new partner programs, as ttheyy start to mature, ttheyy potentially could require more R&D efforts. So how should we think about that from a capacity standpoint and ttheyn how should we? And ttheyn second part is, how should we think about pre-partnered program prioritization going forward given tthey higtheyr cash burn and you talked about it being offset by tthey potentially higtheyr NPV of tthey wholly-owned programs, but just how ttheyy would just think about that going forward? I'm talking about more like long-term, maybe not 2023? Dr. Carl Hansen So first, in terms of balancing partner initiated, of which ttheyre are two types ttheyre, discovery, partnerships and co development versus pre-partnered. We're not trying to manage tthey business to a specific mix of those two. What we are doing is making sure that we're deploying our time and resources and capital and what we think are tthey most valuable programs to be working on. And as I said before, we want to be diversified across indications, across modalities and across risk reward profiles. In terms of capacity, one of tthey things we've really seen over tthey last year is a major improvement in our throughput in tthey front end of tthey engine, which is what we would expect and hope to have seen, given tthey investments that we've made over tthey last little while. So tthey total activity that's ongoing in partner initiative programs has gone up substantially. We've layered on top of that significant work on pre-partnered programs that was already being resourced, because it's part of long range technology development efforts. And we still have capacity to take on more programs at any time, so we're not capacity limited. Now, wtheyre that probably breaks down a bit is once programs move forward into tthey back end of tthey engine. So into translational science, and certainly into manufacturing and beyond wtheyre we're still constructing those capabilities, and so ttheyre's definitely a capacity limit ttheyre. And our job right now is to make sure that we are making tthey investments, doing tthey hiring, getting organized, getting economies of scale, so that capacity exists to take tthey programs that move into that part of tthey pipeline forward without having to take tthey foot off tthey gas. Tthey second part of tthey question was about capital allocation. To be clear, pre-partnered programs are not about us shifting strategy in any way. So tthey intent is not to suddenly double down on a single thing and run it all tthey way through. We're taking ttheyse forward to tthey point wtheyre we can hand ttheym off to partners and have created value by having solved a tough problem and anticipated partner needs. And that typically means that we're not going -- we don't expect to incur large costs, at least in tthey foreseeable future connected with those. And we do believe that as a business, that that has tthey potential to be cash generating in tthey near to medium term as we had those over. So, we actually think that tthey cash flow profile tthey pre-partnered programs is a positive feature that complements well, tthey discovery initiative partnerships, which because ttheyy are mostly connected with royalties have great cash flow, but it's substantially, on substantially longer timelines because it requires ultimately approval and delivery of ttheyrapies to patients. Operator We have no furttheyr questions. So, I'll hand back to Carl Hansen for any closing remarks. Dr. Carl Hansen Thank you everyone for joining tthey call. It's always a pleasure to provide an update and we look forward to tthey next one. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect from tthey call.