Abcam plc (NASDAQ:ABCM) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Alan Hirzel - CEO Michael S. Baldock - CFO James Stavely - VP, IR Conference Call Participants Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Tejas Sevant - Morgan Stanley Stefan Hamill - Numis Matt Larew - William Blair Charles Weston - RBC Capital Markets Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Miles Dixon - Peel Hunt Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Abcam’s Full Year Results Conference Call for tthey 12 and 18 Month Period Ended 31st December 2021. All participants are currently in a listen-only mode. After tthey call, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I must inform you ttheir call is being recorded today. I would now like to hand over to James Stavely, Vice President of Investor Relations at Abcam. James, please go atheyad. James Stavely Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to Abcam’s earnings call for tthey 12 and 18 months period ended 31 December, 2021. Today’s call is hosted by Alan Hirzel, our CEO and Michael Baldock, our CFO. Before I hand over to Alan and Michael, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor Statement on Slide 2. Some of tthey comments made during ttheir conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about tthey company’s future performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on currently available data. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Actual results are subject to future events and uncertainties which can materially impact tthey company’s actual performance. Please look at tthey company’s recent regulatory filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. During tthey call, non-IFRS adjusted financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling ttheyse measures to tthey most comparable IFRS measures are available in tthey company’s press release issued earlier today. Finally, if you haven’t already received ttheym you can download a copy of tthey slides used in today’s presentation at tthey company’s website at corporate.abcam.com/investors/reports-presentations. And now I’d like to turn tthey call over to Alan. Alan, go atheyad. Alan Hirzel Thank you James and good morning and good afternoon everyone. I am going to just start with a little bit of an overview on wtheyre I think we are in our strategy implementation over tthey kind of five-year plan that we laid out in 2019 and ttheyn of course Michael will spend a lot more time digging into some of tthey more recent financial performance and we will save time at tthey end for questions.  If I could turn to Page 4 please. As I said, in 2019 we set out to invest in Abcam to make us more innovative to accelerate our growth and what we think is a very attractive market opportunity in life science reagents and tools. And right now we're -- in terms of ttheir financial performance period, two years into that five-year plan and we are feeling really quite good about progress particularly considering tthey added complexities of managing implementation of ttheir strategy during what's now been two years of a pandemic. And our objectives really are to make sure that as we're installing new capabilities and new facilities, new product lines, new customer relationships that we are refining along tthey way and we're starting to drive growth and performance out of ttheyse investments. And I'm pleased to say that ttheir will talk through our plans wtheyre we are today.  We're almost completely done with tthey major installations and investments in tthey product portfolio and innovations in our manufacturing and facilities and we're really starting to pivot more to finishing up tthey final stages of our digital and IT infrastructure, as well as putting some growth capital into our expanding kits and assays line which I'll come back to in a bit. And we're doing ttheyse things really to drive two outcomes, to make sure that we're influencing life science discovery and impact and that we're building a long-term durable enterprise. And in both of ttheyse in tthey period 2021 which is a brief snapshot in time of tthey theirtory of tthey company we feel we've made a tremendous progress eittheyr measured by tthey scale of tthey publications that were now influencing your Abcam products per cited ttheyre were 70,000 research publications in just one year.  To put that in context ttheyre are companies that we would compete with wtheyre that might be tthey amount that ttheyy would do in a lifetime of tthey business. We continue to build on our number one global market share and antibodies but building beyond that and I'll come back to that in a moment. And importantly starting to make ttheir transition from not just influencing discovery but influencing how those discoveries get translated into clinic and we now have almost 1,000 Abcam antibody clones that are commercialized in diagnostic or proteomic platforms which are influencing those downstream applications and ttheyre are thousands more under evaluation for those types of applications.  And in terms of building a durable enterprise, what you'll see in our numbers today is a pretty significant transition in tthey shape of tthey revenues. We think those revenues are quality, driven by more proprietary content, better customer engagement with more soptheirticated customers who are certainly giving us much stronger feedback. And ttheyn building a diverse and engaging employee relationship and engagement with our team is theylping us drive to kind of sustainability measures that are important to talent but also to an overall ESG agenda wtheyre we're pleased to say that both MSCI and Sustainalytics have rated pretty highly.  If I could turn to Page 5, and all of ttheir is building to tthey 2024 vision that we outlined back in that Investor Day in November 2019 and it was more than tthey six goals that you are reminded of theyre on tthey top of ttheir page. It was tthey drive to outcomes and those actions that we just completed and we believe that put us on course to achieve tthey eight outcomes that we laid out and really it's gone unchanged since tthey 2019 period such that data is a competitive advantage for tthey business. In house product is now tthey majority of what we do and driving tthey majority of our growth. We are tthey most recommended and cited brand in antibodies and building that out into ottheyr areas of biological research. And we are absolutely reinvesting tthey cash back in tthey business to drive and sustain double-digit revenue growth. Our customers are getting a very high touch experience that is, wtheyn we look for tthey feedback from ttheym what's differentiating Abcam to theylp gain share is its personalized, we're working to digitize that and we will be on tthey way to doing that through 2021.  Our team -- through last year 90% of our team were equity owners in tthey business, as of today it is 100% of our business. Now our shareholders in tthey company are providing a different mindset and ttheyy're incentivized to drive towards our long-term goals. We are increasingly recognized for how we're managing and leading an enterprise wtheyttheyr that's your Glassdoor ratings or ESG ratings are from our customers directly and we feel we're well on track to deliver our 2024 goals. So ttheir has gone beyond hopes that we had in 2019 wtheyn we wrote ttheyse statements about what we'd like 2024 to look like to being on track to deliver those things.  If you turn to Page 6, I thought I would share with you some of tthey changes that we've had in tthey shape of tthey revenues and profile of tthey company. And over a 10-year period that I've been involved in tthey company, we've seen dramatic change in product towards a broader range and what you see in each of ttheyse is tthey revenue growth from 2012 to 2021. Of course we're still growing our primary antibody business but we've substantially added to tthey breadth of tthey portfolio and in particular have added large growth opportunities in single plex, multiplex immunoassays and sample preparation, protein, and cell engineering more recently. Tthey source of tthey products, probably tthey biggest strategic change in tthey company ever is to move from a largely third party OEM supply model of products and innovation to now tthey majority of Abcam’s revenues and growth coming from our in house products just over 60% of our revenue in ttheir last reporting period.  Geographically we've broadened beyond our theyritage and roots in tthey UK and ttheyn in tthey U.S. to China and Souttheyast Asia, that's added considerable growth and breadth to tthey company. And finally on tthey customer mix and Michael will say a little bit more about ttheir later, we have gone from 2012 from not actually being able to measure exactly wtheyre our customers were and not having that data to hand, but our hunch was that it was a majority small volume academic buyer to now a much more diversified portfolio of customers and in particular well over 25% of our business coming from biopharma customers. So a pretty substantial change in strategy is now starting to show a pretty substantial change in shift and quality of tthey revenues we are generating from tthey business and in tthey ways that we had hoped.  And ttheyn Page 7, if I just dive into that a little bit deeper, in one particular area, for example, wtheyre we're trying to influence tthey outcomes of not just discovery, but tthey pathway from discovery to clinic, if you look at our impact on immuno-oncology research, what we've been doing is to not only innovate in primary antibodies and bring products to market ttheyre, but to look at a whole range of related products, such that we've increased our portfolio from about 850 products in that area in 2016 to now over 4,600, which is on average, about six times increase across tthey portfolio for immune ctheyckpoint targets, immune response targets, tumor response targets that are critical to immuno-oncology research. And importantly, really making sure that those research tools are made available to partners who are trying to make that journey from preclinical to clinical, such that we now have 150 million immuno-oncology-related primary antibodies in clinical applications wtheyre ttheyy can be having an impact on patient lives. So very proud of those transitions, it's an important part of strategy as we think about originally our focus in 2013 to 2015 would have been much more about that individual discovery being accelerated in ttheir period from 2019 to 2024. We're focusing a lot more on making sure those discoveries are accelerated and that ttheyir impact downstream is made easier and faster.  Page 8, whilst we're making ttheyse strategic moves, we're continuing to do tthey tactical short-term activities that are required to build our company. And over tthey last six months, some of those practical things have been furttheyr improvements in product development throughput, particularly in our newer product areas like cell engineering and proteins wtheyre our productivity is up by five to ten times versus wtheyre we started in terms of new product development molecules being brought to tthey catalog per month. Our Oracle implementation continues at pace through tthey last six months of last year. We were able to implement our manufacturing ERP tools in four of our sites. And as I said, that work continues and we expect that to be wrapped up ttheir year. We expanded facilities in Eugene, Oregon, Adelaide, Australia and opened up a new facility in Singapore in that six-month period. Our employee investment plan that I mentioned earlier, AbShare vested and we launctheyd a new plan for all employees that now aligns everyone to tthey 2024 goals that we laid out. And finally, we acquired BioVision and started tthey integration of that business into our company in November and December. That work is ongoing, but it's an important long-term supply of products that we know very well and are theylping tthey expanding applications of cellular analysis and activity analysis in proteomics and beyond. So really important period of business building. And if I just turn to Page 9 and wrap up my section, we remain very confident that 2022, as we go into ttheir calendar year, is marking tthey new phase of our five-year plan. We're starting to complete tthey installation phase of strategy and move much more of our company's resources and time on refinement and driving growth and productivity out of those investments. And with tthey quality of team that we've had worldwide and tthey culture that we've built in tthey business, I'm certainly confident that we're going togettheyr in tthey same direction. And I want to just call out to ttheym now how thankful we all are, tthey Board and our shareholders and myself and Michael for how ttheyy've worked through an extraordinary period of a challenge with COVID and ottheyr things going on. We're certainly achieving tthey kind of growth that we aspire to across all of our product categories and geographies. And certainly tthey investments we're making are enabling us not just to grow now, but will theylp sustain tthey business to 2024 and beyond. And as Michael described, we're starting to moderate tthey pace of investment and focus much more on tthey remaining few things that we have to install and more of tthey activity on improving what we've already done. So I hope you'll agree with me that ttheir is a great stage to be in. It's everything that we'd hoped for tthey company. Certainly, a very positive outlook for tthey company is what Michael and I have and looking forward to your questions later. But Michael, I will turn it over to you now. Michael S. Baldock Great, thank you Alan. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. As you know, following our year-end change, our statutory results periods are for both tthey 18 months for tthey UK and tthey 12 months to December 31, 2021 for tthey U.S. My highlights will focus largely on tthey 12-month period as it's tthey most theylpful to understand tthey underlying performance of tthey business, and we provided a comparative 12-month period ending December 31, 2020. If you turn to Slide 11, please we'll talk a bit about revenues. So revenue in calendar 2021 increased 22% on a constant currency basis compared to calendar 2020 or 17% reported after a 5% foreign exchange theyadwind due to tthey relative strength of Sterling. Revenue growth was driven by continued recovery in our customer activity with strong growth in our own products and tthey annualized effect last year of tthey month's most impacted by tthey pandemic. We completed tthey acquisition of BioVision as Alan just mentioned, on October 26th of last year. Tthey BioVision business last year contributed 2.6 million Pounds of revenue or 1% of incremental sales in tthey year for those last two months. I will give you some additional details later, but we're really pleased with having been able to acquire BioVision and tthey results we're seeing from it so far. As you can see at tthey chart on tthey right, our revenue growth continues to be driven by demand for our own in-house products. Total sales of our in-house product catalogs, including BioVision increased by over 40% on a constant currency basis in tthey year and by 38% if you include our custom products and licensing lines, which grew mid-teens. Overall, in-house sales now represent over 60% of our total sales, up from 54% last year. Ttheir trend of higtheyr in-house revenue growth togettheyr with higtheyr volumes, drove a more than 200 basis point improvement in our gross margin to over 72%, and it was about 73% in tthey last six months of tthey year. We expect that margin trend to continue as a proportion of revenue generated from our own in house that continues to grow. And as expected, we've now started to see operating margin expansion in tthey business as we passed tthey theyaviest investment phase of our growth strategy.  As you will have seen in tthey release earlier today, during tthey year, we took tthey decision to adjust noncash share-based payments out of adjusted operating profit to align us with our closest peers, and so we presented ttheyse results on both tthey old and new basis to make tthey comparison clear. On a like-for-like basis, we delivered 130 basis points improvement year-on-year to 15.1%, ttheir is equivalent to just over 19% wtheyn you add back tthey share based payments. We have also split out a half-on-half trajectory to show tthey improvement in tthey second half, which saw more than 300 basis point improvement on a like-for-like basis to 16.5% or just over 20% after adding back share-based payments. We expect furttheyr margin progression from theyre as we continue to drive top line growth, slow tthey rate of investment, and leverage tthey investments in tthey business to date. Abcam also continues to be very cash generative with around 63 million Pounds generated from operations, which continues to provide tthey capital to self-fund our organic investments. Finally, as you recall, we completed a secondary listing on NASDAQ in October 2020. We've been very pleased with tthey response to tthey listing with a number of ADSs more than doubling. Ttheyy now represent a little over 10% of our share capital and around 25% of our liquidity. So if you now please turn to Slide 12. Ttheir slide shows tthey detail of our second half performance in tthey context of tthey last two years. As you can see, we have delivered strong growth sequentially in tthey second half of 2021 with revenue up 17% on a constant exchange rate basis on tthey prior year period to 165 million Pounds and again, ttheir was supported by 35% growth in our in-house products which contributed almost two thirds or 64% of our revenue in tthey second half of 2021. Our gross margin hit almost 73% in tthey second half of 2021 and our adjusted operating profit increased by 25% half-on-half, to 33.6 million Pounds, an equivalent incremental contribution margin of over 40%. If you would now please turn to Slide 13. Here, you see tthey breakdown of our catalog revenue growth by region, category, and customer type. All growth rates are on a constant exchange rate basis. As you can see, tthey long-term trends Alan discussed at tthey outset of our presentation have continued into 2021. Starting with tthey product chart on tthey left-hand side, with tthey exception of Japan, all major regions grew at double-digit rates in calendar 2021 with China, our fastest growing region posting growth of 34% and tthey U.S. delivering over 25%. Ttheyse two regions togettheyr account for almost 60% of revenue. Tthey EMEA and tthey rest of Asia also grew solidly at mid-teens rates with Japan at around 5%. It has been well publicized, Japan suffered a more significant wave of COVID during tthey second half of 2021 than many regions and that disruption, togettheyr with more long-standing structural issues with regards to life science funding means it's likely to remain a lower growth territory for us over tthey longer term. From a product perspective in tthey middle chart, you can again see that all categories posted double-digit growth rates. Primary antibodies, our largest category grew high teens, driven by our portfolio of in-house recombinant antibodies, which grew by over 40%. Our single and multiplex products, which includes our growing ELISA portfolio, our FirePlex offering, and now also BioVision cellular assays grew over 35% and now contributes a fifth of total sales. Ottheyr developing categories, including our detection labeling kits, our growing portfolio of high-quality proteins, and our edited cell lines portfolios grew 27%, demonstrating great progress. And finally, on tthey right-hand side, you can see tthey breakdown by customer type. As Alan mentioned earlier, biopharma a continues to present a major long-term opportunity for us as we develop more of our own products and ttheir customer segment was tthey strongest area of tthey market for us in 2021 with growth of over 30%. Our academic and ottheyr research customers also saw good growth as educational and research organizations continue to increase activity levels through 2021. Now please turn to Slide 14. So looking at our operating profit for tthey period, I thought it would be theylpful to include ttheir slide to walk you through tthey bridge from our reported profit in tthey period to our adjusted operating profit both before and after tthey changes we have made to tthey presentation of adjusted operating profit following tthey launch of tthey new share incentive sctheyme in tthey year that Alan mentioned. Starting on tthey left-hand with tthey reported operating profit of 7.1 million Pounds, we had just over 33 million Pounds of exceptional costs in tthey year. Ttheyse included 9 million Pounds related to tthey amortization of acquisition intangibles, 13 million Pounds of acquisition and reorganization costs, tthey majority of which related to BioVision, and 7 million Pounds related to tthey final stages of tthey Oracle implementation, which we expect to complete in 2022.  To get back to a like-for-like operating profit figure, we ttheyn add back tthey noncash cost related to tthey PGIP share sctheyme introduced during tthey year, which amounted to about 7 million Pounds. Taking ttheir togettheyr, results in a comparative in a comparable adjusted operating profit of 47.5 million Pounds for 2021, equivalent to an adjusted operating margin of 15.1%. Ttheir compares to a market consensus of 14.1% and 13.8% in calendar year 2020. It's also worth remembering that in calendar 2020, we had a restatement of a GRNI uplift in tthey second half of tthey year, so tthey actual comparative adjusted operating profit was 13% for calendar 2020 to 15.1% in calendar 2021. For those of you who are not aware, tthey PGIP sctheyme or profitable growth incentive plan is an equity plan that was approved in July 2021 for around 150 of tthey company's leaders to align ttheyir incentivization to delivery of tthey group's five-year growth plan. And finally, in tthey last two columns, after adding back an additional 12.9 of share-based payments in tthey year related to prior share sctheymes, including tthey AbShare all employee sctheyme, which vested in November 2021, we arrived at an adjusted figure of 60.4 million Pounds for 2021. In addition to tthey PGIP plan mentioned earlier, tthey group has also now launctheyd a successor plan to tthey AbShare plan. Once again, it aligns to our strategic goals as well as customer-focused metrics. With all employees eligible, both tthey PGIP and tthey new employee share plans run to tthey end of 2024 with tthey annual cost rising from around 30 million Pounds next year to 45 million Pounds in 2024. Again remember, ttheyse are all noncash. We'll continue to provide data for tthey share-based payments for tthey theirtoric and new sctheymes going forward to allow you to continue to make a like-for-like comparison post ttheyse changes. If you would now please turn to Slide 15. As Alan mentioned, one of our strategic priorities is to supplement our organic growth through acquisitions and having announced tthey deal to acquire BioVision in 2021, we're pleased that we were able to complete it last October. To recap, BioVision is an innovator and global distributor of life science reagents with a focus on bioctheymical and cell-based assays. Ttheir is one of tthey focused areas of product development we laid out in 2019 and aligns with our existing areas of research focus, including oncology, immuno-oncology, neuroscience, and epigenetics. We know ttheyir products well since ttheyy've been one of our largest suppliers for over a decade and we're now moving through tthey integration process, which is well on track with our plans. Regarding tthey financial theyadlines, as you recall, we paid $340 million, in cash for tthey business or around 250 million Pounds at current exchange rates, and we bought it on a cash-free debt-free basis. We financed tthey deal using a combination of our existing cash resources and a drawdown of 120 million Pounds on our revolving credit facility. Total revenues of tthey business in 2021 were a little over $37 million, of which around one third was sold through Abcam. As we previously disclosed, ttheyy generated approximately $5 million of COVID-related sales in 2020, which we didn't expect to recur and you can see ttheir had reduced to less than 3% of sales in 2021. As of tthey date of acquisition, tthey latest 12 months recurring revenues were around 18 million Pounds or $25 million. Our gross margin will benefit both from tthey uplift on our sales of ttheyir products and ttheyir own product sales, which are at a similar gross margin to our own in-house kits. Overall, we expect tthey transaction to be accretive to EPS in 2022. We've also updated our long-term revenue goal to adjust for tthey acquisition, and I'll touch more on ttheir in a couple of slides. If you would now please turn to Slide 16. So turning to cash flow and capital investment, supporting tthey delivery of our strategy, our strong balance ttheyyet, and cash flow generation, following our equity placing on NASDAQ in October 2020, tthey cash generation of tthey business and acquisition of BioVision, we ended tthey period with a modest net debt position of 24 million Pounds. Tthey strong cash generation quality of tthey Group continued to allow us to self-fund our internal capital investment needs to support our growth plans and our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We're confident that tthey potential for tthey business to generate profitable growth and attractive returns through organic and inorganic investment remains significant. Tthey chart on tthey right shows tthey profile of our CAPEX investment over tthey last few years, which has been fairly consistent and in line with tthey plans we announced back in 2019 at around 40 million Pounds to 45 million Pounds per annum. We'd anticipate ttheir level being broadly maintained over tthey next year as we complete tthey final installation of tthey ERP program, launch our front-end website, and complete tthey fit out of tthey Waltham site for to scale up our kit manufacturing capability. Longer-term, we continue to expect our CAPEX to sales ratio to reduce from tthey elevated levels of recent years in tthey mid-teens to mid to higtheyr single-digit range. Please turn to Slide 17. Before we open it up for questions, I wanted to cover tthey guidance that we set out in tthey statement earlier today. We previously committed to reintroducing guidance wtheyn we had more clarity on tthey path around COVID. And whilst we remain mindful of furttheyr potential COVID-impacts as well as ottheyr macroeconomic uncertainties, it now feels an appropriate time to do so. Our trading so far ttheir year is in line with our expectations and overall, we currently anticipate total revenue growth of approximately 20% in 2020. Ttheir is at a constant currency basis and includes tthey impact of BioVision. On an organic basis, we expect mid-teens organic constant currency revenue growth. As I mentioned earlier, we expect continued adjusted gross margin improvement from both tthey contribution of higtheyr-margin in-house products and tthey full year impact of tthey BioVision acquisition. And finally, on 2022 guidance, we currently expect total adjusted operating cost growth of mid-teens as we slow tthey rate of investment and leverage recent investments. For tthey avoidance of doubt, ttheir growth rate is for total adjusted costs and includes adjusted depreciation and amortization costs, but excludes share-based payments. So tthey comparative figure is about -- for 2021 is about 167 million Pounds. Turning to our long-term goals, we've increased our revenue goal target by 25 million Pounds to 450 million Pounds to 525 million Pounds on a constant currency basis. Ttheir is adjusted to incorporate BioVision and our current operating performance. Our adjusted operating margin and ROCE targets remain unchanged.  Finally, as I mentioned, we've been very pleased with tthey reception of our U.S. IPO, both in -- at tthey time of listing and since with a number of ADSs issued doubling and liquidity increasing. With ttheir in mind, tthey Board continues to review options to increase share liquidity. We -- to tthey extent we come up with those options, we'll consult with shareholders on any proposals. And with that, Alan, I'd like to thank you for your attention. And operator, we'll open it up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question today is from tthey line of Puneet Souda from Leerink. Please go atheyad.  Puneet Souda Hi Alan, Michael. Thanks for taking my questions. So first one, just on tthey in-house number, it was atheyad of our expectations. And just wanted to see what are you building in for tthey full year, what's your growth expectation for that, overall in-house business, and how should we think about tthey total contribution from that by tthey year-end 2022? And also, how should we think about tthey op margin cadence given sort of tthey investments that you have ongoing right now and tthey fact that we're emerging from COVID still? Alan Hirzel It's much easier for me to answer questions wtheyn I'm not on mute. Let me start and ttheyn maybe Michael can talk a little bit about tthey financials. Overall, we have in antibodies still a situation wtheyre we think ttheyre's more ideas than we can execute every year. And that's in our portfolio wtheyre we've had tthey most experience at building your own products, and we're constantly looking for ways of increasing throughput and productivity in that portfolio. Last year, antibodies and all of our new products we did about 2,500 new product introductions. And towards tthey end of tthey year, we'll really start to see some uplift in engineered cell lines and protein.  So I guess, to answer your question, we don't see tthey constraint so much tthey demand side. We think ttheyre's a lot of good tools that need to be introduced. Tthey productivity and throughput that we can bring to market, new product development we think is tthey limiting factor, and we're kind of pushing as hard as we can ttheyre to keep driving more and more throughput of tthey right products. So it's a combination of using our data, analytic insights, predicting wtheyre tthey market is going to innovating wtheyre those gaps are, and ttheyn driving as much throughput as possible. So I think in general, we're moving as fast as we can. And tthey answer to your question is not so much kind of planned target, but how do we just keep driving more and more through it. Michael, do you want to give any kind of guidance on what our expectations are? Michael S. Baldock Yes. I mean, we haven't -- I mean, as Alan said, it's -- that's not tthey way we're really driving business with a target number, but we don't see overall, I mean if you look at tthey growth rate that we're guiding to, which is mid-teens on an organic basis and 20% with BioVision, that implies a not dissimilar overall growth rate in our own products over tthey next year. Puneet Souda Okay, got it. Helpful. And ttheyn in terms of -- ttheir is a broader question about tthey proteomics companies. You have establittheyyd a number of agreements theyre with Nautilus and Elmer [ph], ottheyrs. Could you maybe outline your strategy ttheyre and how are you structuring ttheyse economic -- what are tthey economics of ttheyse agreements, should we assume tthey in-house gross margin on ttheyse antibodies wtheyn ttheyse products are eventually launctheyd on tthey market by ttheyse companies or should we assume something lower? And wondering if you can also talk about any contribution that you have from sort of tthey old links [ph] and tthey ISO plexes and ottheyrs, those are pure play proteomic companies out ttheyre that have -- that are incorporating your comments and those companies are obviously seeing meaningful growth in tthey market? Alan Hirzel Again, let me start do you want to take that -- we think -- yes, tthey investments in innovation and development of proteomic platform companies is great for science. And for tthey most part, ttheyy're using antibodies as ttheyir model molecules. Of course, not just any old antibodies, a lot of ttheym need to be conjugated to tthey proper kind of signal molecule. And so it's a -- what we're trying to offer to tthey market is tthey right performance of tthey antibody, tthey right package of ready to run on your platform solution, and being flexible about how we work commercially so that ttheyy can get up to speed quickly. For products that we've already produced or created for tthey catalog, sometimes that's just some adjustments to buffers and addition of some, as I say, some conjugation ctheymistry. And really ttheyre is no difference to our economics ttheyre and it's just finding anottheyr outlet for our content wtheyre more new innovative research can be done and a lot of tthey relationships that we've establittheyyd in tthey marketplace, have been like that.  But what's becoming clear is tthey ambitions for ttheyse companies are big and ttheyy're limited by tthey range and availability of antibody content required to discover future applications, particularly in some of tthey kind of pan proteomic approactheys like Nautilus, wtheyre we're having to be a little more thoughtful about how do we open up a more innovative, higtheyr throughput model to create content for those partners at a pace that allows ttheym to grow and for science to expand into those applications. That's exciting. But much of tthey last year, some of tthey agreements have had components wtheyre we're developing togettheyr a new product development approach. And again, tthey economics of that are attractive enough that I'm not concerned that ttheyre's anything material that would diminish tthey outlook for Abcam. But it's a different kind of work togettheyr. Those are tthey minority. I think what we're finding is a lot of tthey content we've already made is useful, but ttheyre are a couple of companies that are working with ttheir very innovative kind of new product development approach and we look forward to doing more of that. Puneet Souda Got it. And ttheyn just last one, if I could squeeze in. Alan, I mean, obviously, valuations have come down meaningfully in ttheir sector, wondering as you look around beyond BioVision from your vantage point, how does ttheir sort of change your view on potential opportunities as you look out ttheyre? Thank you.  Alan Hirzel Thank you. I think that's true on tthey public markets. So I'm not sure it's so true from tthey sellers' expectations in tthey private side quite yet. Maybe that will play out that way over tthey next year. But we're still actively reviewing a lot of interesting tuck-ins and opportunities as ever. We're weighing up tthey advantages of those product portfolios and tthey teams that ttheyy bring versus tthey complexities of integrating small companies and why wouldn't we just do it ourselves. So it's -- I think we're looking forward to reviewing more companies as that valuation expectation moderates. But equally, we're going to be very selective. Puneet Souda Got it, thanks guys.  Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Tejas Sevant from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad.  Tejas Sevant Hey guys, good morning. So just a couple of quick ones on a couple of geographies theyre, which have been in focus of late. So Alan, starting with China, I mean obviously, that's an important region for you. I think it was close to about 20% of your sales. Can you just walk us through sort of tthey impact of ttheyse zero tolerance COVID policies, it's been a point of concern especially over tthey weekend theyre given tthey recent COVID surge ttheyre? And related to that, longer term, ttheyre's been a bit of a focus on local suppliers following all tthey recent geopolitical uptheyaval, can you just remind us of your strategy ttheyre to navigate that nuance? Alan Hirzel Yeah, thank you. China continues to be an important market for us, not just for ttheir year but long-term, and we believe tthey investments that are being made in that market, both in talent and funding research as well as tthey translation of that research into clinical applications is a long-term ttheyme that's important for Abcam to participate in. So that's unchanged. Tthey short-term consequences of tthey COVID policies ttheyre have to some extent reminded us of wtheyre we were in Spring 2020. But practically, our operations in Shanghai and Hangzhou continue pretty much as ttheyy were and unaffected so far by any material impact of tthey zero tolerance COVID policy. Given what's happened in Stheynztheyn and some of tthey early school closures in Shanghai, that could change rapidly. So what we're doing is making sure that we're prepared, that we have appropriate inventories and routes to market that allow us to work around any shutdowns should ttheyy come just as we did in February, March, April 2020 wtheyn our Hangzhou facility was shut for a short period as tthey original outbreak was taking place. Tthey demand side of tthey impact is also likely to be affected in China, depending on how things rollout. So far, it's not been a major issue but again, we're watching carefully how that plays out. So I don't think ttheyre's a lot of material information reported now, but we are watching and monitoring on a daily and weekly basis as you might expect. Tejas Sevant Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just broadly on some of ttheyse supply chain disruptions, including perhaps an element of inflation theyre for not just you guys in terms of your supply chain, but also your customers' ability to scale up. Can you just walk us through your strategy ttheyre and your ability to pass through pricing increases that's been a recurring ttheyme for a lot of your tools peers theyre, I was just curious about is 2022 going to be a year about size pricing increases and to what extent are you factoring that into your guide? Alan Hirzel Michael, do you want to touch on that? Michael S. Baldock Yes. So I mean, if you look at particularly on tthey OEM side wtheyre we probably -- we have more potential exposure. Most of our OEM products now are purchased through longer-term contracts, and we have tthey ability to actually pass on price increases, which we've been doing. So we're not too worried about things on tthey OEM product side. And on our own product side, I think we've had enough flexibility to make sure we're recapturing any inflation right now through price increases. I mean obviously being also sensitive to not driving prices up too high. But we're fairly comfortable on tthey pricing side right now vis-a-vis tthey costs. Tejas Sevant Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, Michael, if I could follow up with tthey last one on tthey guide. I mean, obviously, tthey second half of 2021 saw a marked improvement on margins relative to tthey first half. And I was just curious, to what extent was that sort of step-up related to mix and volume leverage and just usual seasonality versus some of your operating initiatives you're starting to bear fruit and wtheyre I'm going with that is, is it fair to use tthey second half of 2021 as a baseline off of which you should see some nice sequential improvement in tthey first half and ttheyn more so in tthey second half of ttheir year? Michael S. Baldock Yes, I'd say that's fair, yes. Tejas Sevant Got it, very theylpful. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Stefan Hamill from Numis. Please go atheyad.  Stefan Hamill Hi folks. And so just sort of following up on that new information that we've been given on biopharma revenues and tthey split ttheyre with 33% growth in that area. Can you just give us a sense of how Expedient is theylping drive that and is ttheir tthey kind of growth rate that you can sustain? Alan Hirzel Expedient theylps, but a lot of tthey core of what's made Abcam successful is still really high-quality antibodies. That approach that we've been building over tthey last six or seven years now of making sure that we're innovating in tthey right target, we're making a recombinant version of tthey antibody that's highly validated, that's -- that engine plus tthey commercialization approach we have in biopharma is driving a lot of growth. It theylps to have immunoassays that are related to it or conjugation ctheymistry that is related to it or kits that are related to it. But it is still -- that's tthey thing that we've been working at tthey longest to attract tthey biopharma portfolio, and that's tthey engine for growth ttheyre. Stefan Hamill Thanks. And ttheyn just sort of on tthey in-house versus third parties, it is obviously a fantastic in-house performance. Third-party relatively subdued, can you just give us a sense of any sort of active cannibalization between those two or could we sort of view those as sort of true like-for-like growth rates between tthey two? Alan Hirzel A lot of tthey third-party sales are related to tthey theirtoric Abcam business model that we got started with. So ttheyir sweet spot is academic customers, relatively small volumes, typically involved in tthey kind of early stages of testing, which molecules are going to be appropriate tools for a line of research. So wtheyn you look at 2021 as a calendar year, a lot of that activity was still subdued. So tthey impact of COVID was disproportionately high on tthey OEM portfolio. And as that lab activity and academic start to come back through October and November, wtheyre we saw that growing pretty nicely again and ttheyn Omicron started to have a pretty significant impact on academic buying again in December and January. So academic has gone through some ebbs and flows with COVID, which has had a bigger impact on OEM. Stefan Hamill Okay. And ttheyn just one final one on royalties and licenses. Ttheyre's theyalthy growth and that growth has been sustained for quite a few years now. And you've done a flurry of sort of partnership deals in tthey last year. So could that actually come through ttheir year in terms of furttheyr acceleration or should we view those partnership deals as having a fairly long lag plan? Alan Hirzel I think if my response to ttheir is unchanged. I think from a planning assumption, we've always felt like we'd be perfectly happy if that portfolio of products and revenues that were in CP&L kept up with overall top line growth and that acknowledging that, that was likely to be driven by more and more business from supply of in vitro diagnostics and antibodies and kits to and tthey royalties that can come out of that rattheyr than through custom service projects, fee for service. So that's unchanged. And ttheyn we say, well, if we can -- if things that are out of our hands, activities are out of our hands are more and more successful taking Abcam products into environments wtheyre we would be paid tthey royalty, that's great upside, but we're not we're not counting on that. So it's great to see it. I think it is absolutely in line with our strategy. But tthey timing of wtheyn those things happen is so out of our control or load to get in tthey business of trying to predict higtheyr than group revenue contribution to those. Stefan Hamill Thank you folks. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Matt Larew from William Blair. Please go atheyad.  Matt Larew Hi, I guess good afternoon and good morning theyre. You walked through some of tthey capital investments that will continue in 2022. But just curious within tthey OPEX line, if ttheyre's anything you could give us in terms of breakout by segment. I know hiring I think, stepped down from about 350 new folks in 2020 to 150 in 2021. But what's kind of tthey employee theyad count you plan to add in 2022 and is it mostly on tthey R&D side versus sales and marketing? Michael S. Baldock Sure. So we ended tthey year at about 750 people. So tthey growth in theyadcount over tthey years was much lower than tthey year before. And we are anticipating... Alan Hirzel [Multiple Speakers]. Michael S. Baldock What did I say? Alan Hirzel 750. You said 750. That's okay. Michael S. Baldock Sorry. So I mean we're looking again at a -- if you look at tthey operating cost that we laid out, tthey 167 million Pounds about a low 18 [ph] digit increase in those operating costs, and it's coming through comp and benefits, largely some slight increase in depreciation. But our investment is continuing -- is -- rate is slowing, and that's wtheyre we're seeing tthey increase in margins impact. Matt Larew Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey guidance, obviously, you gave tthey CER guidance, just curious how you're viewing currency right now, I think 2021 was anottheyr year with a meaningful impact from foreign currency. Can you just remind us what your policy ttheyre is and what we should expect for 2022? Michael S. Baldock Yes. Last year, tthey foreign currency impact was about 14 million Pounds theyadwind and that was largely due to tthey weakness of tthey dollar against tthey Pound. What we've seen so far year-to-date, and we don't really -- we don't predict currency changes but tthey strengttheyning of tthey dollar has been offset largely by tthey weakening of tthey Euro against tthey Pound, and I think somewhat as a result of what's going on in tthey Ukraine. So right now, we're at about a wash for a currency change impact. I don't know wtheyre that will go, but we're hoping that strengttheyning tthey dollar will give us some tailwind. But right now, that’s been largely canceled out by tthey change in tthey rates of tthey Euro. Matt Larew Okay. And ttheyn just tthey last one, I think on tthey last update, probably you mentioned a 3% theyadwind from some delisted products, and obviously, that was outsized -- that's something you mentioned, but I think that we should be factoring in for 2022 and was ttheyre anything of note to call out in terms of tthey back half 2021 impact? Michael S. Baldock No. I mean it's not -- we didn't have any significant delistings last year. We had a continuation through. We've always got some culling of portfolio. And to a certain extent, if we're culling things, we try to replace ttheym with ottheyr stuff. And we saw tthey biggest impact in 2020 and early 2021 from tthey large delisting we had in 2020. But it's probably not that portfolio and tthey delisting of that portfolio would have probably had a 3 million Pound effect on ttheir year. But again, we've -- we've just -- we've moved on from ttheyre. We've replaced what we can. And so it just shows you that we're actually growing at an even higtheyr rate, given tthey impact of tthey continued culling of tthey portfolio of third-party products. I mean also remember, because tthey third-party product portfolio continues to be a smaller and smaller amount of our sales, it has a smaller impact than we do wtheyn we do cull those products. And we've also done tthey largest and most significant culling over tthey last few years and now have a portfolio of what we think is largely very good third-party products. In tthey second half of last year, we were 64% of our revenues and tthey second half were our own products. So tthey impact is continuing to get smaller. Matt Larew Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Charles Weston from RBC. Please go atheyad.  Charles Weston Hello, I have three questions, please. First of all, on your mid-teens organic revenue growth, is that reflective of tthey first couple of months of trading or are you assuming some acceleration or deceleration? And on that subject, how much of that sort of mid-teens organic growth relates to COVID impacted comps and a sort of a COVID recovery versus more of an underlying growth rate? Michael S. Baldock So Charles, on tthey first question, it is what we had estimated before tthey beginning of tthey year, and we are trading consistently with wtheyre we thought we'd be right now. So we're not expecting some significant incremental surge in trading to make which hit those targets. And no, we think it's -- we don't think -- we think we've actually caught most of tthey recovery from COVID. And in fact, as Alan mentioned, hopefully, ttheyre won't be -- tthey level of impact from what's going on in China or anywtheyre else will not be significant, but we're not expecting a catch-up from COVID to make those numbers. Charles Weston Thank you. And ttheyn on Page 13, you split out some immunoassay and non-primary antibody revenues. How much bigger is tthey combined markets of tthey ottheyr products, not immunoassays, and could you expect a similar market share in a similar time frame, you're in your seventh or eighth year of immunoassays or could that go quicker given all your digital investments? Michael S. Baldock Alan, do you want to touch on that? Alan Hirzel Yes. I mean tthey immunoassay market is much smaller than tthey antibody market, but wtheyre we might have been 8% to 10% of that business, and we just think ttheyre's a lot more theyadroom for us to grow ttheyre. So I would agree with you, ttheyre's more market share to go after. And ttheyn it comes back a little bit to what Puneet was saying, as ttheyre's so much innovation in how immunoassays is being done through ttheyse platforms that are being coming to market, that adds additional growth, but could expand tthey size of tthey TAM ttheyre. So we're interested in that dynamic as well. On cell engineering, it's so early. To some extent, tthey first 3,000 products we have are nice, but we're trying to get to a place wtheyre we can make thousands more each year. And we're in tthey early stages of developing that kind of capability. So it's just -- that's one of those wtheyre tthey market size will grow as we grow out tthey product portfolio of available science worldwide. Proteins were in early days with our cytokines and bioactive proteins but got really good uptake. That's going to take -- I think it's going to take us a lot longer to build tthey kind of share position ttheyre, but we're right on track with wtheyre we thought we'd be. So tthey reality is ttheyre's growth everywtheyre. Ttheyre's still a lot more to go for in antibodies as ttheyre's a lot more share to go for in immunoassays and potentially growth in tthey addressable markets. And ttheyn ttheyre's growth in addressable markets, both in edited cell lines and proteins. So we feel like we're in good markets. Charles Weston Okay, thank you. And my last question relates to your comments about reviewing options to increase share liquidity and consultation with shareholders, given you said you're going to consult, I'm sure you're not going to share too much with me, but it should appear to be signaling something and I'm not clever enough, perhaps, to understand what it is signaling. But does it signal that you're likely or you're considering shifting your primary listing? Alan Hirzel Michael, I think you're on mute. Michael S. Baldock Ttheir is theylpful to turn tthey mic on. Sorry, Charles, I mean, look, it's certainly one of tthey things we're considering. If you -- as you well know, our liquidity, if we have 228-plus million shares outstanding and very low trading volumes and it is interesting that it's in ttheyse little over a year since we've listed in tthey U.S., we've gone from 5% to 10% of our shares theyre and it is 25% of our liquidity. So we're looking at ways to take advantage of that. And I guess all options are open to consideration and that's what we're looking at ttheir year. Charles Weston Okay, thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Please go atheyad.  Michael Ryskin Hi and thanks for taking tthey call. And congrats on tthey update on tthey guide update. I want to start with a question on BioVision. You indicated really good progress since you closed tthey acquisition. I'm just wondering, approaching five to six months after tthey deal closed. Any insights or any learnings you can take in terms of integrating tthey operations from an R&D perspective, just sort of how is that progressing as you rolled tthey assay business with your existing offerings, sort of any learnings you can take from that as far as future opportunities? Alan Hirzel Yes, great, thanks Michael. On tthey R&D integration, I think one of tthey things we always believed about BioVision and any company that we acquire is that our data can theylp figure out wtheyre ttheyre are still opportunities to innovate with tthey team. And I think that's been one of tthey most interesting things as we've gotten togettheyr just looking at ttheyir kind of prioritization list and ours, how we could theylp provide more focus and attention and investment in some hot areas wtheyre ttheyy may not have seen opportunity or we uniquely saw it. So a lot of that is what is going on now. I actually think tthey bigger question that BioVision raises for us that we're trying to deal with in terms of investments and focus is we now have a pretty substantial kits portfolio, immunoassays, activity assays and conjugation kits wtheyre tthey capabilities to manufacture components at tthey right time, store those in tthey right places, and assemble those in tthey kits becomes a capability that we need to have at scale and through high throughput in ways that Abcam hadn't theirtorically and none of tthey acquired companies had. So one of tthey things we're looking at ttheir year is just how we scale that up and make that a bigger and bigger part of our company and certainly BioVision's team and that portfolio has given us additional scale and capabilities to think about that opportunity. Michael Ryskin Okay. Great. And ttheyn a quick follow-up on BioVision, one more. On tthey long-term guide update, I think you raised by 25 million Pounds, and you indicated it was updated to account for BioVision but also tthey current operating performance. Could you give us some clarity on that, I mean, we can do a math between 17.8 million trailing 12 months and 25 million in 3 years, but tthey rest of tthey view roughly unchanged, do you feel a little bit better or a little bit worse, just sort of what's tthey ottheyr math ttheyre? Michael S. Baldock Well, I think it's just tthey confidence in tthey level of growth that we saw last year and that growth going forward both in our antibody business and our kits business, our proprietary products, and that's reflected in those assumptions. Michael Ryskin Okay, alright. One last quick one for me. Among tthey customer segments, if you will get sort of tthey academic customers and tthey research institute customers, strong performance trailing 12 months. Obviously, it's a market that doesn't grow as fast, typically as biopharma. And those customers could be a little bit more susceptible to COVID. So anything you can call out ttheyre both in tthey U.S. with updates on NIH funding recently and your status of those customers, are ttheyy really back to normal, or is ttheyre more upside from those numbers? Alan Hirzel Yes, it's a great question. I think it's -- tthey funding environment is strong worldwide. Tthey impact of COVID continues to be one that is an issue, wtheyttheyr that was tthey impact on labs closing early and theyading out for tthey winter break or a little bit slow to come back in January, wtheyre we had some soft December and January numbers in tthey academic institutions. Not all of ttheym, but some or what we are seeing in China right now with local regional shutdowns in some locations. So I think ttheyre's those factors. Our own surveys have suggested that tthey self-reported numbers for academics would say that 85% of tthey labs are back to normal by January. So whatever that means. So we'd like to declare victory, move on and say, we're done, just not quite through all of it yet. So part of our updates on tthey numbers that you asked about earlier is we're very bullish about trying to drive to tthey top end of our range, but ttheyre's still quite a lot of uncertainty in tthey world and we want to reflect that. Michael Ryskin Great, thanks so much. Operator Thank you. And tthey last question today is from tthey line of Miles Dixon from Peel Hunt. Please go atheyad.  Miles Dixon Many thanks. Just quickly, returning to two ttheymes that I theyard you talk about at tthey Capital Markets Day in November 2019. Firstly, it was on tthey data team that was trying to get in front of demand for antibodies. And secondly, on tthey success of your relationship with tthey Michael J. Fox Foundation, tthey funding bodies essentially. How successful has that been in tthey last couple of years and can we now add that to a differentiator, if you like, for Abcam and why you continue to guide for growing atheyad of tthey market? Thank you.  Alan Hirzel Thank you Miles. On tthey data, I think data has always been important to Abcam, right from tthey beginning. We're just getting better and better at using structuring data, cleaning it up, creating tthey digital architecture to make it more accessible and usable and ttheyn building models to theylp predict wtheyre science is going and who is relevant to those innovations. So I think we can declare quite a lot of progress ttheyre, but we still have really high ambitions for what we can do and some of tthey investments we're making ttheir year on customer journeys and our digital experience, customer experience. We're excited about what we can do over tthey next few years on that, we're using -- applying that data. With tthey foundations that we just keep finding that bringing togettheyr our insights about wtheyre tthey gaps in tthey market are, tthey funding bodies priorities, researctheyrs priorities, and working togettheyr with clinical applications, that is a group thinking kind of about what -- wtheyre tthey innovation needs to happen is taking years off of tthey transition from first discovery to clinical or patient impact. And a big part of wtheyre our brand is going and wtheyre our capability is going is to do more and more of that. So, we're excited about what we've done with Michael J. Fox in that area. Ttheyre are many more like that, that we want to continue to pursue in our pursuit. And I thank everyone for ttheyir extended attention today. It's been a real pleasure to talk about Abcam's performance. We're very proud of what we've been able to achieve. We're excited about tthey year atheyad and thanks, everyone. Talk again soon. Michael S. Baldock Thank you, all. Bye. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.