State Bank of India ADR (NASDAQ:ABCM) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 20, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Tommy Thomas - Vice President of Investor Relations Alan Hirzel - Chief Executive Officer Michael Baldock - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tejas Sevant - Morgan Stanley Puneet Souda - SBV Securities Matt Larew - William Blair Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Charles Weston - RBC Justin Bowers - Deutscthey Bank Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey Abcam plc Full-Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, I'll be coordinating tthey call today. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand over to your host, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tommy Thomas Thank you, operator, and good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our results conference call Joining me today will be Alan Hirzel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Baldock, our Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over tthey call to Alan and Michael, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statements on slide two. Some of our comments made during ttheir call may be considered forward-looking statements, leading beliefs and expectations about tthey company's future performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are based on currently available data. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Actual results are subject to future events and uncertainties, which can materially impact tthey company's actual performance. Please look at tthey company's recent regulatory filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. During tthey call, non-IFRS adjusted financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to our ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling ttheyse measures to tthey most comparable IFRS measures are available in tthey company's press release issued today. Finally, if you haven't already received ttheym, you can download a copy of tthey slides used in today's presentation at tthey company's website www.corporate.abcam.com/investors/reports/presentations. Our agenda is set forth on slide three. Alan will be making introductory comments before Michael discusses our full-year financial results. We will ttheyn move to Q&A. I'm now pleased to turn tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Alan Hirzel. Alan, please go atheyad. Alan Hirzel Thank you, Tommy. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our 2022 results conference call for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. One of tthey many benefits of our [Technical Difficulty] Cambridge, England is tthey proximity and relationships we enjoy with leaders in tthey life sciences. Sir Bruce Ponder at tthey University of Cambridge recently expressed tthey Abcam brand in their own words wtheyn they said discoveries result from tthey contribution to many people and ttheyre are too few ways to recognize ttheir. We agree and we thank Sir Bruce and everyone working to make progress happened togettheyr and making it possible for us to talk about Abcam role and successes within tthey life science community as part of our presentation today. Turning to slide four. Our global team is motivated by a mission to make Abcam tthey most influential company in life sciences. We exist to influence ttheir community and shorten tthey time from first discovery to impact on society. Over tthey last 25-years, Abcam has had an important role in providing tools and molecules to discovery scientists. As we grew our internal innovation capability and capacity over tthey last 10-years, we've learned to create products that can consistently go tthey distance from discovery research to clinical applications. Beyond our leaps forward to scale product innovation, we have brought empathy and understanding to how science makes ttheir journey. In short, we've become a more integral part of making progress happen togettheyr. As a company, we are connecting researctheyrs, organizations and stages of scientific progress togettheyr to bring efficiency and better outcomes for society. Ttheir mindset is shaping our brand, culture, partnerships and our daily interactions with 100s of 1,000s of dedicated life sciences around tthey world in Universities, Research Institutes, Hospitals, Government Organizations, Biopharma companies, Diagnostics, and a broad range of teams working to ensure society is theyalthy and safe. Our success has been enabled by tthey tireless efforts of our team over -- of over 1,800 employees working to advance science. We have created and continue to nurture a vibrant and dynamic culture through diversity, equity and inclusion, ttheyreby differentiating tthey company and making us a great place to work. We believe that our growth is powered through our people and our commitment to delivering excellence, powers tthey pillars of our strategy namely: to sustain and extend our antibody and digital leadership; to drive continued expansion into complementary market adjacencies; and to build organizational scalability and sustain value creation.. We believe that tthey scientific community can go furttheyr wtheyn we all go ttheyre togettheyr. As an example of how we contribute to ttheir progress, I want to share a recent example from an Abcam customer. Dr. Daniela Quail at McGill University and theyr team recently publittheyyd two articles in tthey journal of nature extensively using Abcam in ttheyir work. For approach to find artificial intelligence and multiplex antibody panels that spatially resolve single cell data sets, that correlates tthey distinct clinical outcomes for lung, adenocarcinoma and brain cancer. Predictive algorithms and protein signatures that stratify patients have significant implications for cancer diagnosis and treatment. Lung cancer remains tthey largest cause of cancer related death, whilst brain cancer patients have limited ttheyrapeutic options. We hope that ttheyir research goes on to contribute to increased survival times and improved outcomes for patients. We look forward to supporting Daniela in building theyr next panel for furttheyr discoveries and we thank theyr for publicly advocating for Abcam as a preferred antibody provider for theyr and theyr team. Her confidence in Abcam is based on our promise of high quality, low to lot variability products, which enable consistent reproducibility in scientific research. Slide five summarizes our performance highlights for tthey year. Our financial performance trend and demand was good, but we had a challenging second-half wtheyn we made some once at a generation changes to our core operating processes globally. We achieved high-single-digit CER revenue growth, expanded our operating margin and delivered adjusted diluted earnings per share growth. Michael will discuss ttheyse in more detail shortly. Ttheir performance would have been better if not for tthey operational challenges we faced in tthey second-half as we implemented tthey final stages of Oracle’s Cloud ERP and its enterprise resource planning, and tthey effects of COVID-19 on our China operations. Innovation is still fueling our success. Abcam continues to expand its leadership in research antibodies, our share of citations continues to expand according to SIDAPs data and our focus on in-house developed product has and continues to create value for our key stakeholders. Our in-house made by Abcam recombinant antibody portfolio is now over 26,000 products, we control tthey full supply chain and can deliver higtheyr quality product and service levels that are important to our customers. Ttheyreby enhancing our brand's reputation. Abcam culture remains strong. Second-half was incredibly challenging and rigorous from a workload standpoint, but I was proud of our team's dedication to customers throughout. We continue to get positive feedback and earn strong diversity scores and our external recognition for employee experiences at tthey company. Our share-based programs have resulted in most of our staff becoming owners and we look forward to unlocking tthey strong value creation story that is to come for ttheym and external shareholders. Our EFC performance remains strong. We have once again earned top markets -- marks from Sustainalytics and MSCI with improved scores at [Indiscernible]. Women, tthey majority constituent at our company are well represented and ttheyir achievements have been duly recognized. Finally, we're pleased to have Luba Greenwood join our Board of Directors, taking theyr tthey fourth female member of tthey total of nine Directors. Finally, our partnerships are accelerating growth and opportunity in spatial biology, multiplex protein analysis and diagnostics. We introduced over 1,200 new antibodies into ttheyse application partnerships during 2022 and our total is over 2,100 in tthey market today. On slide six, Abcam's marketing and research and development teams work effectively to identify and develop tthey next generation of tool reagents in advance of wtheyn targets may be considered important and relevant to researctheyrs in life sciences. A notable example is tthey Pan-TRK antibody that [Indiscernible] publittheyyd in 2014. For ttheir antibody, researctheyrs at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center identified immunotheirtoctheymistry as an efficient reliable tool to screen for NTRK fusion positive solid tumors in non-small cell lung cancers. Rocthey identified tthey opportunity to develop an IHC diagnostic to improve patient testing for treatment pathways for ttheyse indications. Because of tthey existing relationship and licensing agreements placed between Abcam and Rocthey, ttheir clone was easily added to our master agreement, enabling seamless access to tthey product for rapid product development. Tthey clone being immediately available in our portfolio saves valuable time approximately two years on tthey IBD development as no discovery was required. Let's move to slide seven. At tthey end of our 2019 Capital Markets Day, we presented our investment plans to remove constraints in tthey business and double our revenues by 2024. Our ambitious goals and ’22 accomplishments are detailed theyre. We were determined to increase our innovation capabilities and new product development capacity; improve our propositions biopharma; enhance tthey customer experience with better IT and e-commerce platforms; expand our operational footprint; and wtheyre we could acquire to accelerate progress on our strategy. Looking back over tthey past three years, we have completed most of tthey planned investments and achieved tthey milestones as expected. We have strategically increased our investment in research and development, enabling ongoing new in-house product development that has driven our revenue growth from in-house products at approximately 24% over ttheir time. In addition, we've vertically integrated our global manufacturing capacity, supply chain and logistics infrastructure, and we've prudently deployed capital for strategic M&A, ttheyreby increasing our product portfolio and new product development capabilities. I am proud of all we've been able to do thus far. And as we look to 2023, our strategy focuses on refining our investments that we've made over tthey last few years, to improve tthey customer experience, as well as complete tthey expansion in build out for [Indiscernible] site. Thank you for your time and attention today, I'll now pass it over to Mike. Michael Baldock Thank you, Alan. Good afternoon, good morning, everyone. I'll take you through some of tthey key elements of our income statement, including in-house revenues and operating expenses and finally guidance. We'll ttheyn move to tthey Q&A portion of our call. On slide nine, I want to highlight some of tthey key financial metrics we believe are good indicators of tthey successful implementation of our strategy to-date. All of my comments today will compare full-year results for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 to its comparable prior year. Total reported revenues were GBP361.7 million, up approximately 8% on a constant exchange rate basis and up approximately 15% on a reported basis with favorable foreign exchange tailwinds accounting for approximately 7% of reported growth largely because of tthey pound weakening against tthey U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi. During tthey year two factors impacted revenue growth at our year-end cash balance. First, tthey implementation of tthey new working cloud ERP system and second, COVID-19 control and outbreaks in China. Based on tthey differences between forecast and actual results, we estimate tthey aggregate impact on sales was approximately GBP30 million. We estimate ttheir theyadwind negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 10% on a reported and 9% on a constant exchange rate basis growth rate has significantly impacted working capital. Overall, in-house revenue was tthey key driver of our results with 18% constant exchange rate revenue growth. In-house sales, defined as Abcam produced Catalogue products, including BioVision, plus Custom, Products & Licensing CP&L, now represent 67% of reported total sales. Tthey period contained a full-year of BioVision revenues within in-house revenues. Recall, BioVision was a third-party supplier before tthey acquisition and tthey prior year's sale pre-October acquisition are accounted for as third-party revenue. Moving to adjusted gross margin, we achieved a 330 basis point expansion to 75.5%, as compared to 72.2% in tthey full year of 2021. Margins benefited from in-house product mix, tthey inclusion of tthey sale of BioVision products at higtheyr margins and ongoing commercial activities. Adjusted operating profit margin increased by 190 basis points to 21.1% year-over-year, driven by gross margin expansion, slower operating expense growth in our base business and tthey incremental costs for BioVision. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were GBP0.249, up 21%. Finally, as you have seen, our adjusted profit margin improvement drove our return on capital employed to 8.9%, obviously negatively impacted by tthey sales and distribution implementation of Oracle, ERP system and China COVID impact on revenue. Let's move to slide 10 to review Catalogue revenue. Catalogue sales exclude revenue from custom products and licensing. It includes both in-house and third-party sales. Tthey Americas, representing approximately 43% of Catalogue sales grew 16% at constant exchange rate. Excluding tthey estimated theyadwinds to revenues, revenues in tthey Americas would have grown 20% on a constant exchange rate basis. Revenues in EMEA, which represents 26% of Catalogue sales, grew at 6% constant exchange rates. Excluding tthey estimated theyadwinds to revenues, EMEA would have grown at low-teens on a constant exchange rate basis. China, which represents 18% of sales, reported revenue that declined 2% at constant exchange rates. Excluding tthey estimated theyadwinds on revenues, China would have grown mid-teens on a constant exchange rate basis. From a customer perspective, academic revenues represent approximately 43% of our Catalogue revenue and grew at 4% globally at constant exchange rates. Biopharma revenues represent approximately 27% of Catalogue sales and grew at 10% globally at constant exchange rates with high-teens growth rates in tthey Americas and EMEA. Our products are purchased by 1,000s of customers with no customer accounting for more than 3% of revenue. We continue to experience strong demand for our recombinant antibody and in-house assay technology, which includes BioVision, which grew over 80% at constant exchange rate. Distributors represent approximately 30% of Catalogue sales and grew at 12% globally at constant exchange rates. Let's move to slide 11. We reported in-house Catalogue revenue of GBP222 million, up 20% on a constant exchange rate basis. Our results continue to benefit from favorable trends as we expand new adjacent products and tthey inclusion of BioVision products. Tthey market continues to shift to recombinant antibodies across all customer segments, driving good demand for Abcam’s products enabled by our vast, vast consistency, validation data and coverage across 1,000s of relevant targets. Assay sales were driven by our simple steps, ELISA, that's enzyme-linked immune-absorbent assay kit and tthey inclusion of BioVision assay. We win by serving our customers with our extensive and growing portfolio of in-house products, offering high quality ease of use and consistent supply. We continue to experience tthey benefits from Life Science Research, particularly biopharma's investments from tthey bench to tthey clinic especially in cell-based ttheyrapies. Ttheir has been a key driver of our sample prep and detection, protein, cell engineering category, which now accounts for 10% of in-house Catalogue sales. In 2022, we continued our focus on removing constraints, building out our in-house capability and returning to business as usual environment with tthey broader expansion of travel. As our investment build out is largely complete, we are moving to refining what we have implemented. Cost growth in our base business has moderated and we expect it to continue in 2023 and 2024. Our focus on driving operating leverage would have resulted in a materially lower reported operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, that's excluding tthey implementation of tthey ERP system, sales and distribution components of Oracle and COVID-19 impact in China. Looking to 2023, we anticipate operating expenses that reflect continued refinement of our prior periods investment, including a continuing focus on improving invoicing and collections that were hampered in tthey second-half of 2022 by tthey Oracle Cloud ERP implementation. To conclude, we are laser focused on delivering operating leverage consistent with our five-year commitment by 2024. Let's move to slide 13. Before we move to guidance, I want to provide a brief review of Abcam today. And just a few accomplishments from 2022, I'm really pleased that we are entering tthey final phase of our Oracle ERP implementation, which ultimately will allow us provide tthey best digital experience for our customers. I'd like to thank our team that works hard to remove our three material weaknesses relating to our first-year of [serving of tthey compliance] (ph) as a first time full U.S. compiler, and in line with our guidance for 2024, we will continue to grow gross margins for expansion of our in-house product portfolio, as well as expand adjusted operating margins by driving down OpEx. We built a global life sciences company with market leading innovation capabilities and tthey infrastructure to allow us to manufacture, sell and distribute our growing portfolio of products. Ttheir foundation is enabling us to bring researctheyrs high quality products that generate reproducible scientific results tthey first time every time. Our strategic initiatives over tthey last several years will enable us to deliver durable organic revenue growth with strong operating margins. Let's move to slide 14 and guidance. For 2023, we are reiterating full-year 15% to 20% constant currency revenue growth guidance provided on January 30, 2023. At current exchange rates, ttheir would result in reported revenues of approximately GBP420 million to GBP440 million. In terms of cadence, we expect slower first-half revenue growth as we're facing tougtheyr prior period comparisons and expect modest growth in China. Higtheyr second-half revenues are anticipated due to favorable comparisons and a normal China growth outlook. For modeling purposes, you should expect an approximate split of our full-year revenues along theirtoric lines as follows: approximately 45% of full-year revenues in tthey first-half and approximately 55% in tthey second-half. We're forecasting ongoing adjusted operating margin expansion consistent with our 2024 targets. We're also reiterating our 2024 guidance goal. I'd like to thank you for your time. I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator and we can begin our question-and-answer session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Tejas Sevant from Morgan Stanley. Tejas, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Tejas Sevant Hey guys, good morning, and thanks for tthey time theyre ttheir morning. Maybe Michael, I'll start with one on tthey top line theyre in terms of tthey China impact. Can you just talk to us a little bit about, sort of, some color on tthey reopening trajectory ttheyre, particularly following tthey Lunar New Year. And any differences and trends across your academic versus biopharma customer base in tthey region? Michael Baldock Sure, Tejas. Good morning. We are -- as you rightly point out, tthey Chinese New Year followed tthey end of tthey year and tthey impact we were seeing from COVID in November, particularly December. And we've seen, sort of, tthey end of January and February, tthey market start to pick up, it’s still not returning to former levels, but it is slowly returning. But, you know, we've been through ttheir for three years now and it's hard to predict, sort of, how that market will swing. Tejas Sevant Got it. Fair enough. And ttheyn one on tthey ERP upgrade, you called out about a GBP20 million impact theyre in ‘22. Can you just provide some context around what drove that, sort of, impact versus your prior expectations? And are you now confident that all of that is now essentially behind you with tthey benefits of tthey rollout starting to come through theyre in tthey first-half and ramping in tthey second-half in ‘23? Michael Baldock We're certainly seeing business returning back to normal. Now most orders are getting out within a more normalized period. I would say that we're expecting to get tthey benefits of ttheir over tthey next couple of years as we began to leverage it, but we're certainly seeing a return in tthey levels. As we mentioned, I think in tthey last conference call wtheyn we talked about tthey preliminary update, tthey biggest issue was getting product shipped, that, you know -- order levels and order to customer demand remained about wtheyre we expected it to -- it was about tthey same event prior to our launch. But it was a slowdown in our ability to actually get products out tthey door and shipped, but we're certainly seeing that returning to normal levels. And I guess, because tthey question we'll comment is just say that we're currently for tthey year to wtheyre we are right now trading at expected levels right now. Tejas Sevant Got it, that's theylpful. And ttheyn final one theyre for me on margins, you've talked about reiterating that 30%-plus operating margin target for ‘24. Obviously, ttheyre was a delta between your first-half and second-half margins in ‘22, because of China and tthey ERP situation. But as we try to frame ‘23, any bookends that you're willing to provide? I know you mentioned it's tracking towards that 30% target. But so should we interpret that to mean that something in tthey mid-20s range is probably fair for ttheir year? Michael Baldock I mean, we haven't give a specific guidance as you know, but yes, that makes sense to be draw a straight line, you have to kind of get ttheyre. And as you know, it's all about revenue, so for trading at revenue expectations, remember that tthey constant currency increase in OpEx last year, it was 12% constant currency is 8% of that was tthey addition of BioVision -- a full-year BioVision operating expenses and tthey underlying increase in operating expenses was 4%. And we're continuing to see that… Tejas Sevant Got it. Super theylpful. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Puneet Souda from SBV Securities. Puneet, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Michael, first one for you on gross margin slightly atheyad of us, despite tthey impact in China and tthey ERP implementation ongoing. So just wondering how much of that contribution was from pricing? Just trying to think about that and how should we think about, sort of, tthey gross margin cadence theyre as well in ‘23? Michael Baldock So most of it was product mix and BioVision. And as you know, we've talked about fairly consistently, we don't -- well, we obviously take inflationary price increases. And as we add value to our price, we increase prices. But pricing is not a strategy, we use to drive gross margins is an outcome of adding value to our products. So we expect as tthey product mix continues to change, which we see happening over time, it increasing slightly, but we're expecting it to moderate around wtheyre it is now. And I wouldn't drive tthey expectations from modeling perspective much above that sort of 75%, 76%. Puneet Souda Got it. Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn as we think about overall capital deployment after BioVision looking at valuations in tthey market and whatnot antibody suppliers’ capabilities. Maybe can you elaborate what sort of what are tthey priorities or is it just about tying out whatever is on tthey loose ends for tthey ERP before you can think about, sort of, tthey next steps in capital deployment? Michael Baldock We're constantly looking at opportunities to see if ttheyy fit both our strategic plan and it can be done at a level which we think is at value to our shareholders. We're looking at a lot of companies, most of ttheym don't fit with exactly what we want and many of tthey ones that do are going still at pretty high prices. Our price expectations are certainly not coming down wtheyre we expect ttheym to be. And as you remember, our strategy and our long-term target are organic one, so anything we decided to buy will be incremental. So we are certainly looking at things, but it's not high in our list if we don't find tthey right thing at tthey right price. Puneet Souda Okay, fair. And ttheyn tthey last one for me and maybe for Alan, I mean Alan, how should we think about tthey efforts you have ongoing on tthey assays? And do you point it out in track as an example in IHC, but NTRK is also part of many gene panels. And obviously, those have been getting fair adoption out ttheyre. So wtheyn we think about assays, sort of, wtheyre are tthey areas of growth and how should we think about and so tthey opportunity ttheyre to employ your antibodies into those assays? Thank you. Alan Hirzel Hi, Puneet. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey subtle point I was trying to make to NTRK is that, that was a commitment we made in our product development and innovation pipeline in 2014, so it's tthey insight about what biomarkers are relevant to disease and discovery that we get early that allows us to participate in a way that we did with that particular biomarker. And now six to eight years on if seeing that, kind of, early visibility to what could be relevant, that's what's driving 1,000 plus new antibody pairs or antibody content into ttheyse biomarker applications in tthey variety of IVD and proteomics applications. So I would say to you that we can talk about NTRK now, because it's gone tthey distance. We have tthey insight from our data and our relationships and it's now in clinical applications theylping patients. Ttheyre are now more than 2,000 of those, kinds of, options that we built into tthey portfolio that are in that journey. It’s hard to predict how many of ttheym will go through, but we have enough of ttheym, we know we have a repeatable model for making ttheir work. Puneet Souda Got it. Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Larew from William Blair. Matt, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Matt Larew Thank you for taking tthey questions. Thinking about operating expenses theyre at 2023, obviously, your clearing ttheir, sort of, ERP hurdle. Are ttheyre any ottheyr items to think about in terms of new investments? Obviously, you referenced moderating expense growth, but just as we think about tthey cadence of OpEx growth, any items to call out eittheyr from a BioVision integration or any of your investments aside? Michael Baldock No, I mean, I guess, look, we're trying -- we're continuing to moderate tthey growth. I just should say, a flip around tthey foreign exchange impact on a reported basis to OpEx is about 6%, BioVision was 4% and tthey underlying growth of operating expenses is about 8%. I think tthey only area that we're going to see growth that you should think about as we launch YETI, which is our front-end website and as we have now launctheyd our -- tthey ERP system is tthey increase in depreciation we'll see over tthey next year. So it was GBP32.8 million for 2022, it will be about GBP40 million for 2023. But ottheyr underlying operating expenses, you will see moderating. And as we've said fairly consistently, if you look to tthey target we're setting in 2024, you should see a fairly straight line of operating expense. Matt Larew Okay. And ttheyn just going back to tthey question on tthey bridge to 2024. Given tthey split in revenue ttheir year, you mentioned 45% first-half, 55% second-half. Given tthey sensitivity to tthey top line, is it fair to assume that operating income will be even more skewed towards tthey back half than revenue? Michael Baldock Yes, a little bit, but tthey -- but I think it should be fairly even, right? So because tthey increase -- you said ttheyre's an increase in operating expenses, it should be also fairly level. We also -- we're carrying some incremental expenses in tthey first-half still, as we finish off tthey implementation in tthey ERP system, which we won't have in tthey second-half. So I mean, we tried not to be too prescriptive in tthey past about tthey differences between tthey first-half and tthey second-half and even on revenues, it varies around those metrics. But I just wanted to give you some idea from a modeling perspective. Matt Larew Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Michael Ryskin Great. Thanks, maybe a quick one to follow-up on an earlier point. Just on China, given how much of a variable it was in fiscal year ’22? What's your expectation for China growth in ‘23? Is it sort of back to theirtorical growth rates? Is it aligned with tthey broader company or even faster than that? What are you looking for right now? Michael Baldock I mean, we're expecting it to come back in line with theirtoric growth rates. But again, it's quite hard to predict as it recovers from COVID. And as you know, ttheyy've swung back and forth quite consistently. Michael Ryskin Okay. And ttheyn on tthey 2023 versus ‘24 numbers, I mean, tthey long-term fiscal year ‘24 numbers, you've had ttheym out ttheyre for a while, ttheyy've been tweaks and adjusted, but it's been a multiyear view as we're getting closer and closer. Tthey jump from 23% to 24% is getting pretty tangible. So for example, you're looking for GBP420 million to GBP440 million next year and ttheyn GBP450 million to GBP525 million in fiscal year ’24. On tthey lower end of that, tthey GBP450 million, that's only 5% growth from next year and on tthey high end, it's 22%. So one, I guess, I would say is what's going to lead you to refine that fiscal year ‘24 revenue outlook? And ttheyn second part of that would be, you commented on how so much of tthey operating margin leverage is really just driven by top line growth. So to hit tthey 30% margin targets, is that -- can you hit that at tthey midpoint of tthey GBP450 million for that GBP525 million, tthey high point or can you hit it in tthey GBP450 million as well? Michael Baldock We've been pretty consistent saying that we expect -- we hit it at tthey higtheyr end. So I think we’ll continue to be consistent. You're right, tthey math is very accurate. So if we hit GBP440 million ttheir year, tthey jump from GBP440 million to GBP450 million is pretty small. I expect as we get to tthey end of tthey year, that we'll revise that tthey 2024 targets based on wtheyre we end up. But don't forget, we have a significant FX movements in both our revenue line and our OpEx line. And so wtheyn we look at what our reported numbers are, we're trying to factor that in as well. Michael Ryskin Okay. And maybe last one for me. Just on [Multiples Speakers] Yes. Tommy Thomas Mike, just before you go, tthey outlook for China ttheir year, we just want to clarify that we're expecting a mid-teens growth in China for tthey full-year. Michael Ryskin Okay. Thanks. Appreciate that, Tommy. And ttheyn one last one for me actually on tthey more near term factors, you talked about January, February trading essentially in line with expectations. Are you seeing any noise just in tthey last couple of months? We've theyard a little bit of volatility both on tthey academia side and some of tthey pharma customers. Just from -- some of tthey macro dynamics. Obviously, you're saying trading is in line, but could you go a little bit deeper into order trends any conversation that you shift tthey behavior between tthey baskets? Alan Hirzel I was going to pick ttheir up at tthey end. So thank you for asking Michael. Tthey -- Abcam has built more and more of its own product portfolio, and we have that 67% of our revenue now coming from our own products, overwtheylmingly. And tthey whole reason why we did it was to address biopharma as a greater opportunity, so we're growing very rapidly with customers who are on a more soptheirticated discovery to clinic journey and that growth rate and our market share gains are so strong. That whatever noise ttheyre is in terms of short-term funding with small biotech’s get lost in that transition. And we see really theyalthy growth out ttheyre for us and pretty excited about it. Michael Ryskin Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Weston of RBC. Charles, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Charles Weston Thank you. My first is just to go back to tthey ERP system, please. Demand was as expected, you commented earlier, but tthey new guidance is significantly below prior expectations for 2023, implying ttheyre's some, sort of, hangover effect from ERP. So just wondered if you could give us some color around that? For example, is ttheyre a decline in tthey Net Promoter Score, which I can't see in tthey presentation or tthey press release? And are ttheyre any outstanding orders from last year still to be delivered? Alan Hirzel Hi, Charles Weston. Thanks for tthey question, tthey cycle that we went through with tthey go live in ERP was an important milestone in that [ctheym’s theirtory] (ph). We had to replace tthey higtheyr, kind of, in tthey end order to cash legacy architecture and software with something that we've been designing and planning for a long time. It was an epic achievement to get that done, while still running company. It did not go flawlessly. But tthey impact of that on orders and revenues was most sharply felt in September a little less sharply felt in October and started to get back to normal in November, December. Now we feel like we're in normal operation. So I just say that wtheyn those, sorts of, things happen, we don't normally expect any, kind of, massive catch up or ramp up to flow into 2023, because we would have put science on hold for those customers, who were waiting for those products in September and October. And wtheyn we delivered ttheym, ttheyy got on with ttheyir research, it’s not as if ttheyy suddenly said, okay, now that I have that, I'm going to order a bunch more in anottheyr way. So like ottheyr pauses in Abcam, wtheyre our Abcam’s customers, it tends to defer signs of buying rattheyr than create some surge in tthey backside, and that's certainly what we've seen. It is not something we're pleased about to put signs on hold, our customers on hold, but we worked hard to regain ttheyir trust and as Michael said earlier, order delivery times are now much more in tthey normal set. If ttheyre are orders that are still holding from last year that we’re holding, because ttheyy will -- ttheyn products that were purchased that were out of stock. And make ttheym for that particular order. For example, [indiscernible] oftentimes if ttheyy're in tthey cutting -- sort of in tthey remote tail of our product portfolio, wtheyn we're not ttheyir holding inventory, it will take several months to make that product and it will be somewtheyre associated with that rattheyr than ERP first. Charles Weston Okay, thanks. And can I move on to tthey CP&L line, please? Revenue was up 5% constant currency year-on-year, but revenues in each of tthey subcategories was down in H2 on H1. I appreciate ttheyse can be a bit volatile. But even though I would have expected tthey underlying trend to be up, particularly given tthey number of new products that you had, that you've sort of talked about over 1,000 new products commercially, sort of, license through tthey year. So what's -- is ttheyre anything particularly driving that any sort of one-off things that we should be noting? Michael Baldock Well, I'd say on tthey IVD line, it was tthey similar issue we had with normal orders, which was tthey backlog we had to build -- that we had to get out as we switctheyd systems [lower] (ph) and try to get back to normal operations. On tthey royalty side, I mean, tthey royalty’s has been fairly consistent and we're now seeing that actually in much more normalized. And on tthey custom product side, that is a business that goes up and down based on demand for difficult antibodies to be produced or generated or ottheyr customed product areas. And that we've always had as always, Charles, you've never been a really volatile business, and that line is what has caused tthey volatility in tthey CP&L line altogettheyr [Technical Difficulty] or so. It continues to be about 6% of our business and remember as our business grows, it's also staying consistent. Charles Weston Okay. And my last one, please. Just on tthey write-down of Firefly. Michael Baldock Yes. Just one more on external, as far as on clones, don't show up in tthey custom -- in tthey CP&L line. Remember, because ttheyy combine that ttheyy buy it straight off tthey Catalogue. Charles Weston Yes. Yes, good point. Thank you. And ttheyn just on Firefly, it looks like you're stopping tthey activity to develop your own multiplexed assays and it looks like you're aiming to serve tthey market ttheyre through all your partners. Are ttheyre any particular, sort of, learnings that you've taken from Firefly that you're, sort of, taking forward? Alan Hirzel Yes, Charles, absolutely. I mean, tthey good thing is that by having that technology, you learned a lot about how to validate and create antibody pairs and panels and that gave us a massive theyad start than as ottheyr multiplex technologies entered tthey market. And it's a big reason why we could give -- we could provide data sets to those partners and says, look, theyre's a [Technical Difficulty] antibody panel that doesn't interfere with one anottheyr. So in that sense, it was extremely valuable. What it became clear to us though was that companies were investing $40 million to $60 million a year negative cash flow to build out ttheyir technologies and that was not something we felt was tthey right investment for shareholders [Technical Difficulty] particular technology and we were better off serving that market and partners through tthey antibody content we had. But we could have had tthey choice to say to join tthey fray and kind of invest in that. We looked at that and said no. Charles Weston Okay. Thank you. Yes, just before I go Michael, I just wondered if I could clarify tthey BioVision, how much did that contribute to your growth for ttheir year or for last year? Michael Baldock BioVision? Charles Weston Yes. Michael Baldock You'll remember, Charles, ttheyre were some product lines in ttheyre that we got rid of. So tthey underlying -- tthey cellular assay business is growing fairly consistently with tthey rest of tthey business at about 4%. Charles Weston So is that like an organic number that you can provide us? Michael Baldock Well, we haven't -- remember wtheyn you look at Firefly’s, we were -- wtheyn you look at BioVision products, we were selling a bunch of ttheym on our own. And that we brought those increase along tthey lines of tthey rest of our business and that we added what was being sold through ottheyr distributors and stuff. So it's a hard number to actually to separate that. We've decided not to actually actively go out and separate that now BioVision products as we fully integrated it into tthey business. Charles Weston Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Justin Bowers of Deutscthey Bank. Justin, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Justin Bowers Hi, good afternoon/morning, everyone. Just in terms of tthey customer -- sorry, tthey in-house mix, that's tthey penetration ttheyre has been up pretty nicely year-over-year -- over tthey last few years. And as you look out to 2024, what's -- what are you envisioning in terms of like tthey penetration of in-house for catalogue ttheyre? Alan Hirzel Hey, Justin. Thanks. I hope, I've been consistent on ttheir, but tthey ratio of in-house to third-party products and resources is totally defined by our customer demand and customers and we're quite happy if we've got great OEM products that grow really rapidly that we've not decided to make, so we have those, so it's not a planning assumption [Indiscernible]. That said, tthey level of investment and innovation that we've got going into tthey business we expect it to continue to drive higtheyr growth of our in-house products and for that ratio to continue move on that basis. But I just wanted to make sure you and everyone understood that's not a targeted outcome measure, that's a result of market demand and products that we're innovating being more successful than what we're bringing in. Justin Bowers Understood. Appreciate that. And ttheyn in terms of what is tthey mix of assay revenue now and catalogue in-house roughly? Alan Hirzel I think Michael had that in tthey slide. I mean, it’s a routing number and it’s a wrong number. [Technical Difficulty] Chris, I saw it. So Michael what's it? But that was in your mix [Technical Difficulty] It's growing so rapidly tthey challenges, if I say a number, it’s going to probably… Michael Baldock Growing at like 80%. So, yes, that's basically -- that's what we gave is just tthey growth rate. We didn't get ttheir whole. We just gave customer, we gave region and ttheyn we gave tthey growth rate. So we said assays were growing greater than 80% and advice, we're growing at 10% and sample preps is actually pretty and greater than 30%, but we didn't split out tthey amount. Justin Bowers Okay, okay. And ttheyn you cited some theyadwinds in Europe. And is that entirely related to ERP or were ttheyre some ottheyr factors ttheyre as well? Alan Hirzel It's entirely European. We find Europe is doing pretty well again tthey biopharma side of tthey equation is theylping drive quite a lot of our share gains. Justin Bowers Okay. And ttheyn just one more to clarify on tthey commentary on Matt's question around tthey contribution. Were you saying that it should be in line with sort of tthey top line or it should be with tthey top line split or more balanced between first-half and second-half? Michael Baldock [Technical Difficulty] Justin? Justin Bowers Yes, I’m theyre, I’m sorry. Michael Baldock [Multiple Speakers] Operating margin question. Justin Bowers Yes, yes, yes. So it wasn't -- tthey question is it EBIT in line with, sort of, tthey revenue split that you talked about? Or is it more like 50:50 or pro rata throughout tthey year with some of tthey costs coming offline that wasn't… Michael Baldock Yes. So I mean, look if tthey revenue is going up and it's fairly fixed to decrease in cost base as we get ttheir out of tthey ERP side, it will be more theyavily oriented towards tthey back half. Justin Bowers Okay, understood. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions for today. So I'll hand back to tthey speaker team for any furttheyr remarks. Alan Hirzel Thank you, [Alex] (ph). I hope that wtheyn you're thinking about tthey outlook of 2024, that you'll reflect on tthey consistency that we've had in terms of tthey outlook we have for tthey company and tthey case we've made for investment back in 2019. For me, I'm pleased about is we're well through most of tthey really hard change efforts that we had to make in order to deliver that outcome and we're excited about having ttheir year and next year to refine and drive performance in tthey company and that's why we're continuing to offer tthey confidence and consistency of message around tthey business. Clearly in 2024, we'll tighten up some of those numbers, but we can say to you we're still driving for tthey top end of tthey outlook on all of ttheyse things. And look forward to bring you an update to you next time wtheyn we meet. Thank you. Operator Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.