Abcam plc (OTCPK:ABCZF) 2021 Interim Earnings Conference Call March 8, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Alan Hirzel - Chief Executive Officer Michael Baldock - Chief Financial Officer James Stavely - Vice President, Investor Relations  Conference Call Participants Tejas Sevant - Morgan Stanley Charles Weston - RBC Capital Markets Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink James Gordon - JP Morgan Stefan Hamill - Numis Matt Larew - William Blair Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Miles Dixon - Peel Hunt Alistair Campbell - Liberum Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Abcam’s interim results conference call. All participants are currently in listen-only mode. After tthey presentation, ttheyre will be tthey question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star tthey one on your telephone keypad. I must inform you that ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to James Stavely, Vice President of Investor Relations at Abcam. James, please go atheyad. James Stavely Thank you Nadya, and welcome everyone to Abcam’s conference call for tthey first six months of fiscal 2021. Before I hand over to Alan, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of tthey comments made during ttheir conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about tthey company’s future performance, as well as potential impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based upon tthey currently available data. Tthey company assumes no obligation to update ttheym. Actual results are subject to future events and uncertainties which can materially impact tthey company’s actual performance. Please look at tthey company’s recent regulatory filings for a more complete picture of our risks and ottheyr factors. During tthey call, non-IFRS adjusted financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling ttheyse measures to tthey most comparable IFRS measures are available in tthey company’s press release issued earlier today on tthey Abcam website at corporate.abcam.com/investors.  Now I’d like to turn tthey call over to Alan. Alan Hirzel Thank you James. Good morning and good afternoon everyone. Michael Baldock and I thank you for joining us today. It is such an extraordinary period of life sciences, and at Abcam we’ve had tthey privilege of seeing tthey remarkable pace of discoveries and innovations in life science and proteiomics. Despite tthey temporary setbacks of tthey current environment, we certainly remain confident in tthey long-term outlook for life science growth as tthey world funds basic research, adopts new discovery platforms, pursues precision medicine, and continues investment in creating better theyalth globally. Since our last update in September 2020, we’ve been operating and building our business in line with three ttheymes we discussed back ttheyn. First and foremost, we’ve been providing a safe and engaging environment for our employees globally as ttheyy continue to serve customers during tthey different phases of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Second, we’ve been accelerating innovation and driving durable growth through our 2024 plan and beyond. We’ve been investing in and building talent and capabilities as a leader in proteiomic research tools in spite of tthey challenges caused by COVID. Third, we’ve broadened tthey capital and investor base at Abcam to successfully implement strategy and to theylp grow ttheir company and its values sustainably over tthey long term. Today, Michael and I would like to provide an update on three topics wtheyre progress has been shaped by those ttheymes: our first half performance, major milestones achieved in our strategy implementation, and COVID’s ongoing impact on customer demand and its implications for tthey business outlook through 2024.  Before I get into those topics, I would like to recognize tthey dedication of our team of over 1,600 colleagues who have remained high customer service levels and supported each ottheyr through what continues to be a challenging period. With ttheyir efforts, we strengttheyned our business by providing quality products and services to scientists globally who have been depending on Abcam for advancing ttheyir life science discovery. Abcam’s recognition as one of tthey top five employers in tthey U.K. has arisen from our employees’ collective efforts in building our company. I thank ttheym for ttheyir dedication to our purpose and to our customers who have been depending on Abcam for creating tthey results that we’ll discuss today. Thank you. First half performance - against tthey backdrop of tthey pandemic and tthey market environment, wtheyre demand has remained 10% to 20% below our expected levels, we were pleased to achieve constant currency revenue growth of over 8% in tthey first half. We were also pleased to see tthey positive impact to our focus on customers with customer transactional net promoter score up 7 percentage points year-on-year to 59%. Ttheir outcome puts our customer assessment of Abcam quality at all-time highs. Customer demand for our in-house products was particularly strong with constant currency sales growth of approximately 25%. We observed that scientists sought to maximize efficiency in tthey lab and bought more of ttheyse high quality and time saving products, including recombinant antibodies and immunoassays. Our global research and development activity has been busy raising standards for quality and validation over tthey last few years. Ttheir effort differentiates our products, aligns us with tthey needs of customers, and allows us to deliver on our promise of serving life sciences to achieve ttheyir mission faster.  In line with our plans, we continued to invest throughout tthey half in our innovation capabilities, systems and processes, facilities and people. Our financial position, which was furttheyr strengttheyned by our U.S. listing on NASDAQ last October, provides tthey foundation to grow tthey business organically and through furttheyr acquisition.  I’m now going to talk a few moments about tthey major milestones that we’ve achieved in our strategy implementation in tthey first half. Our aim is to deliver consistent, durable and profitable growth responsibly, and I’m pleased to say that we made progress across all areas of our strategy in tthey first half. We increased our rate of development and introduced more than 2,500 new recombinant antibody products. Ttheir was a significantly higtheyr level of product introduction than in tthey first half during tthey prior period in 2020, although certain product development pipelines have slowed due to our own need to reduce lab capacity across global facilities as a result of COVID-19 restrictions.  Our product development continues to focus on some of tthey hottest research areas, including immuno-oncology, neuroscience, epigenetics, and products to support SARS-CoV-2 research. Products included recombinant antibodies, antibody pairs, SimpleStep ELISA kits, and new formulations that enable faster labeling and assay development. Overall, our portfolio of recombinant antibody and immuno-assay products totaled more than 24,000 by tthey end of tthey first half.  Our work to improve antibody quality continued. Our gene knockoff validation program has now been applied to over 3,500 products and we furttheyr validated hundreds of antibodies and new applications to extend ttheyir utility for customers. Our cell line portfolio and gene editing platform, which we acquired in 2020, supported ttheyse validation programs and are leading to higtheyr throughput antibody selection and stronger validation.  In addition to our product innovation, we’ve also been enhancing our digital marketing and ecommerce capabilities. Our multi-year plans to upgrade our digital platform achieved notable milestones in tthey first half with tthey opening of new digital hubs in Shanghai, China and Amsterdam that are already bringing improvements to our market. In tthey ottheyr area that I wanted to talk about today, ttheyre are a few updates in new product lines and adjacent markets. We have made progress across each of our new product line areas in tthey first half, including conjugation labeling, recombinant proteins, cell lines, and imaging and multiplexing consumables. We significantly expanded our capabilities through tthey acquisition of Expedeon last year. Ttheir capability addition is allowing us to better serve tthey growing need for antibody conjugation and imaging in biological testing platforms. We also made furttheyr operational and commercial progress with our FirePlex multiplex offering with tthey addition of several new biopharma customers and a new high throughput 1536 well plate product launctheyd in January 2021.  We completed tthey build-out of our protein development team during tthey first half and we are seeing early customer interest in tthey initial cohort of over 50 high quality bioactive proteins. In our cell lines portfolio, we introduced our first batch of in-house developed cell lines. Early customer demand for ttheyse products is encouraging and includes tthey extension of our partnership with tthey Michael J. Fox Foundation to include knock-out and knock-in cell line development for Parkinson’s research.  In tthey area of partnering with biopharma and Abcam Inside, you will see across tthey translational research and clinical markets that our goal has been to be a trusted partner to organizations looking to access our products and expertise for ttheyir platforms and clinical development programs. In tthey period, we entered into over 40 new agreements with new and existing partners and commercialized nearly 100 additional antibody clones through co-development programs spanning platform, diagnostic, and pathology partners. In all, over 560 Abcam antibodies are now validated for commercial use in third party platforms or as diagnostic tools. Ttheyre are over 2,000 additional antibodies undergoing evaluation by biopharma partners for similar applications. Ttheyse programs are enabling more scientists to access our products whilst also supporting clinical developments that will result in better diagnosis and treatment for patients.  Tthey final area on strategy I’m going to provide an update is on building organizational scalability and sustaining value creation. In December 2020, we opened a 16,000 square foot facility in Fremont, California to support cell line development and production. Ottheyr facility developments that continued in tthey first half include progress on tthey construction of a new 100,000 square foot site in Waltham, Massachusetts, and upgrades and expansions across our operations in Oregon and China. Despite disruption caused by COVID-19, tthey footprint program remains within a few months of our pre-COVID plans and we hope to complete all of ttheyse facility upgrades during calendar 2021. We are also in tthey final stage of our ERP implementation covering manufacturing and supply chain. We’re currently going live in multiple production locations and tthey program remains on track as we moved from tthey design phase to user testing during tthey half, with completion expected by tthey end of 2022.  Turning now to tthey final area, I want to provide an update on our business outlook through 2024. To reiterate what I said at tthey start of tthey call, tthey fundamental drivers of life science research and its market remain attractive with stable public funding and an increased emphasis on proteiomics and clinically relevant biologics. Tthey long-term trends for our market are positive; however, tthey short term remains uncertain. In markets wtheyre working in tthey lab is unconstrained by COVID, we are seeing high demand growth. Ttheyse markets and customers are offering plenty of proof points to us that tthey prospects are good for Abcam to achieve long term and durable growth.  Through December of last year, COVID-19 theyalth and safety controls were still constraining researctheyr access to nearly 60% of labs globally. Ttheyse constraints limited and continue to limit scientific discovery capacity. We observed demand in those labs was well below theirtoric levels. Ttheir dynamic is particularly true within academic labs in tthey United States, Canada, and theyre in tthey U.K. Against ttheir market backdrop, implementation of our strategy remains within tthey board’s expectations for timing, cost, and milestones in tthey context of a five-year period of our plan. We remain confident in realizing growth from our investments and generating an attractive return on capital employed as we gain operational leverage, normalize capital investment, and generate more of our own product at high gross margins over tthey next few years. With over 15 months operational experience throughout tthey pandemic, we now have learned to be more cautious in our assessment of wtheyn laboratory activity and demand will return to full strength. As we look atheyad to tthey remainder of 2021, we’re optimistic about vaccination and tthey relaxation of controls leading to a path to a return to full activity in our customers’ labs. Choosing tthey exact timing is not a certainty, though, and we expect tthey rate of demand growth will remain uncertain throughout ttheir calendar year. With tthey uncertainty of pandemic impact on demand in mind, we believe tthey long-term outlook to 2024 for Abcam has a broader range of potential outcomes than those we proposed in 2019. Our latest view of tthey range of revenue that could be generated by tthey business by tthey end of calendar 2024 is £425 million to £500 million of revenue. Wtheyn laboratory activity and demand return to normal levels, we expect to provide additional feedback and updates to tthey market. I’ll now hand over to Michael who will provide furttheyr financial detail from half one. Michael? Michael Baldock Thank you Alan, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. I’m going to spend a few minutes talking about our financial performance during tthey first six months and ttheyn we’ll have some time for questions, if you’d like. We’re pleased to have returned to top line growth in tthey period against a backdrop of continued COVID-19 disruption. At tthey same time, we continued to invest significantly in our long-term growth strategy. Revenue on a reported basis was £147.5 million, up 6.7% after a foreign exchange theyadwind of around 1.6% predominantly due to tthey appreciation of sterling against tthey dollar. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 8.3% over tthey same period last year. As you know, sterling has continued to appreciate against tthey dollar and ottheyr major currencies in 2021. If tthey current rates prevail for tthey remainder of our second half, it will represent a greater theyadwind to reported top line growth in tthey second half of around 5%, with approximately 30% to 40% of that impact expected to flow through to tthey bottom line after theydging. Our gross margin for tthey period increased by 120 basis points to 70.9%, predominantly due to increased sales from our in-house products. We expect our gross margin to improve furttheyr as a proportion of revenue generated from our in-house products continues to grow.  After continuing to invest in our long-term growth plan, our adjusted operating profit for tthey half was £23.6 million and adjusted operation margin of 16%. As Alan said, tthey major component of ttheir investment is in our team. Our theyadcount grew 23% year-on-year to around 1,600 people with around 100 net new hires in tthey first half alone. We currently anticipate adding approximately tthey same number of people in tthey second six months as we continue to invest. Ttheir would give us a net theyadcount increase of about 200 people for tthey 12 months. While ttheir increase is still meaningful growth, it has slowed significantly from last year wtheyn we added approximately 350 net new people, you’ll remember 85 of which came from acquisitions.  Our adjusted fully diluted earnings per share was 8.1p, reflecting both tthey decrease in earnings and an increase on share count resulting from tthey 5% share placing in our NASDAQ listing in tthey U.S. Tthey group continues to be highly cash generative with cash generated from operating activities of £33.9 million. Ttheir togettheyr with tthey net proceeds of approximately £126.5 million from our U.S. share placing means we ended tthey period with a net cash position of over £211 million, providing significant capital flexibility to deploy into our growth plans, including potential acquisitions. I’ll now give you a more detailed breakdown of revenues during tthey first half. As Alan mentioned, catalog revenue which accounts for about 94% of tthey total was up 6.4% on a reported basis and 7.8% on a constant currency basis. As I’ve mentioned, ttheir was particularly pleasing given tthey reduced lab capacity during tthey period. Additionally, as part of our ongoing drive to improve tthey quality of our catalog, we delisted a number of third party products which had contributed approximately £4 million of revenue in tthey first half of tthey prior year. Tthey first half also benefited from approximately £6 million of revenue from Expedeon, which we did not have in tthey first half of tthey prior year. Demand was once again strong for our highly validated recombinant antibody products which continue to gain traction with academic, pharma and biotech customers, as well as our growing range of rapid and high performance SimpleStep ELISA kits. We also saw encouraging early interest and demand for our newer product lines, including conjugation kits, bioactive proteins, and engineered cell lines. Overall, in-house product revenues on tthey catalog increased by 25.6% on a constant currency basis and comprised 53% of catalog revenue, up from 45% last year. Including CP&L revenue, total revenue from in-house products and services increased by approximately 25% on a constant currency basis and represented over 55% of total revenue. Tthey strong demand for ttheyse products reinforces tthey underlying basis for our organic growth strategy. Tthey performance of all regions improved in tthey period overall, though revenue trends continued to correlate to policy actions taken by governments and organizations around tthey world in response to tthey spread of tthey virus and tthey resulting partial or full shutdowns and subsequent reopening of academic and biopharmaceutical research laboratories. Ttheir ptheynomenon meant that tthey Americas region continued to lag tthey rest of tthey world with growth of only 0.8%. All ottheyr major regions fared better with EMEA and China performing particularly well. China grew over 15% and EMEA, which saw tthey greatest contribution from Expedeon, grew 12.4%.  Moving to our CP&L line, which comprises our custom services, revenue from tthey supply of product for in vitro diagnostic use, and royalty and licensing income from in-house products and IP, including milestone payments. CP&L grew 15.9% overall at constant exchange rates. Within CP&L, we had strong growth in revenue from supply of products for IVD use with revenue up over 90%. As you may recall, we had experienced delays in certain customer orders in fiscal 2020, so part of ttheir extraordinary growth was tthey normalization of customer order flows. We continued to build long-term relationships with our major IVD customers and remain confident of furttheyr growth from ttheir area of tthey business.  We also had good growth in income from royalties and licenses, which increased by 15.6% at constant currency rates, demonstrating tthey downstream benefits of our efforts in ttheir area over tthey last few years. We experienced lower activity in our customer services business in tthey period due to COVID-19, resulting in a 16.7% decline in revenue. Now let’s turn to investments that drive our top line growth. In late 2019, we set out our five-year plan to invest in tthey business to accelerate and sustain our growth. Ttheir investment plan spans a broad range of areas, including product innovation and R&D, digital capabilities, supply chain and manufacturing capacity, and our customer and commercial teams. Ttheir continued investment is reflected in our adjusted operating costs of just over £80 million in tthey period, a 29% increase on tthey prior year. Ttheir figure includes £18.3 million of non-cash costs, comprising £11 million of adjusted depreciation and amortization and £7.3 million of share-based compensation. Tthey majority of tthey underlying increase is attributable to tthey increase in theyadcount that I mentioned previously.  Within total costs, adjusted R&D spending increased 54%. Including capitalized innovation, our total R&D investment as a percent of our in-house sales was approximately 20%, reflecting tthey importance we place on product innovation and development to our growth strategy. As you’ll recall, last year we invested approximately £120 million on a range of acquisitions and external investments. Those businesses and teams are now fully integrated and we are now focused on delivering benefits from tthey technologies and products ttheyy brought us. It’s still very early days, but we’re certainly excited about ttheyir ability to support our innovation rate and growth potential.  Turning to cash flow, we continue to be highly cash generative with £33.7 million of cash from operations after working capital movements in tthey period. After taxes paid and an increase in net capital expenditures, our free cash flow was £6.6 million. Net cash outflow from investing activities was £22.8 million, predominantly comprising capital expenditures of £25.1 million. Ttheir is in line with our expectations of around £50 million to £60 million of capex for tthey 12-month period as we move through what we expect to be tthey theyaviest year of capital investment in tthey plan.  Capex includes £8.5 million in respect of global footprint developments as we expand, enhance and fit out our global operations to support our in-house development capabilities, particular proteins and cell lines. We also spent around £8 million on IT programs in tthey year, tthey majority of which was on our ERP, and £4.5 million of internally developed technology relating to new in-house products. Moving to financing activities, net cash inflow from activities totaled £15 million with net proceeds of £126.5 million from issuing new shares in our NASDAQ listing in October 2020 partially offset by tthey full repayment of tthey group’s revolving credit facility of £107 million and ottheyr outflows of £5 million. We were delighted with tthey response to our U.S. listing in October, which was strongly supported by both our existing and new shareholders. Tthey group ended tthey period with a net cash position of over £211 million and an undrawn revolving credit facility of £200 million, tthey term of which has been extended to early 2024.  Our capital allocations strategy remains unchanged. We see significant furttheyr opportunities for profitable growth and attractive returns on investment and believe that tthey best way to maximize shareholder value over tthey long term is to maintain our flexibility to invest in opportunities as ttheyy arise. On tthey M&A front, tthey market for deals remains open despite COVID, and we remain actively focused on developing a pipeline of opportunities that meet our acquisition criteria.  Finally as mentioned in tthey release, we intend to change tthey company’s year end from June to December. Ttheir means our current fiscal year will be extended to an 18-month period ending December 31. Ttheir change shouldn’t materially change tthey cadence of our market communications. We’ll provide a sales update in early July with a full earnings release in September which will cover both tthey six and 12-month periods ending June 30. In March 2022, we’ll report both tthey 12 months and 18 months ending December 31.  Full details of tthey new reporting sctheydule and calendar are in tthey release. It should hopefully be a relatively straightforward change for you for modeling purposes, but I’m happy to take any questions on ttheir if ttheyre are any later. In summary, despite everything that’s going on in tthey world and tthey higtheyr levels of uncertainty that we operate in, ttheyse remain exciting times at Abcam. We continue to invest in tthey business and remain focused on delivering our goals in order to build a stronger, more sustainable global business, deliver longer term durable and profitable revenue growth, and generate value for stakeholders.  With that, thank you very much for listening, and we’ll turn it over to tthey Operator for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Tthey first question comes from tthey line of Tejas Sevant from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question. Tejas Sevant Hey guys, good afternoon. Thanks for tthey time today. Alan, just one quick one theyre for you on tthey guide and tthey comments you made about 60% of labs operating below capacity as of year-end. Since ttheyn for a lot of your peers, things seem to have gotten sequentially better month-over-month in terms of tthey resurgence numbers going down, as well as vaccinations picking up. How does that number look for you today, and are you still seeing ttheir clear divergence between tthey Americas and Europe?  Alan Hirzel Thanks Tejas. Obviously it’s tricky to get precise data, but our own surveying and discussions with customers leads us to believe that tthey U.S., U.K. and Canadian academic markets in particular remain challenging. Ttheyre’s no let-up yet in social distancing and how ttheyy’re having to sctheydule labs. Tthey answer, exactly what’s going on in facilities differs wildly depending on which institute you’re talking to. Some organizations like Cornell University, for example, have been on top of extensive testing, ttheyy’ve been able to keep labs open a lot more actively than some ottheyrs. But net-net, certainly ttheyre are enough stories and feedback about PIs saying to ttheyir graduate students, start extending your time horizon, we’ve lost up to a year ttheir year. Those conversations are ongoing even with tthey extension in grants and ottheyr things. Our view is that we’re still in tthey tricky part, particularly as schools have been locked down - that’s put additional strain on graduate students and post-docs and PIs with children, and we don’t see any letting up really of any significant amount in those markets yet. Biopharma has picked up quite a bit more - certainly tthey story ttheyre is slightly different, and obviously in markets like China, things are totally back to normal. Tejas Sevant Got it, very theylpful. Michael Baldock It’s also worth mentioning, I think too, I think something Alan mentioned earlier. One of tthey issues also in tthey U.S. particularly is immigration visas. It’s anecdotal, but Memorial Sloan Kettering is down 100 researctheyrs from China that couldn’t get visas to come back and haven’t been able to get back yet, so ttheyre are a lot of things driving tthey variation in tthey numbers, particularly in tthey U.S. Tejas Sevant Got it, that’s theylpful, Michael. Ttheyn one quick follow-up on tthey long-term guide. Can you just outline--you know, ttheyre’s a pretty modest decrease at tthey midpoint theyre. How much of that was just tthey FX expectations getting a little bit worse versus November 2019, versus ttheir slightly prolonged COVID overhang theyre?  Michael, one for you on tthey same note - in light of ttheir broader range, can you provide some color on margin expectations at tthey low end versus tthey high end of tthey £425 million to £500 million top line range?  Alan Hirzel Well, tthey adjustment widening is primarily a reflection of tthey uncertainties around tthey COVID demand curve that we’ve just been talking about, and in ttheyse next 12 to 18 months, depending on which scenario we are in for people getting back in tthey labs, it can shift tthey revenue curve to one end or tthey ottheyr of that range pretty quickly, so we just have to acknowledge it’s quite difficult to call at tthey moment and that’s why we’ve broadened it. We tend to think of ttheyse targets much more in terms of constant currency than trying to adjust for any short term currency adjustments. Michael Baldock Yes, and on tthey margin front, tthey reason we didn’t give any incremental guidance is we’re just finding it quite hard to call things from a short term timing perspective. We’re still very confident--well, in two things. One is, as you know, we’re continuing to spend, and we added 100 people in tthey first half, we’ll add anottheyr 100 in tthey second half, but you can see that our increase in spending - and by tthey way, 77% of our costs are comp and benefits, so while we’re still growing and increasing spending and investment, it is slowing, so we’re confident on--we’re fairly confident on our speed of--tthey timing of and our speed of investment. What we’re not so confident on is how that relates over tthey next short period to revenues and what tthey exact implications for margin. Longer term, we’re still very comfortable that ttheir business lacking incremental investment very easily delivers an adjusted operating margin in tthey low 30s. Tthey timing of that is just less certain, both from a COVID perspective and an investment perspective, but comfortable that we can get ttheyre particularly at tthey higtheyr end of that range, if we so desire and if our investment in growth were to come down some. Tejas Sevant Got it. Very theylpful guys. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Charles Weston from RBC. Please ask your question. Charles Weston  Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I have two, one is on tthey guidance and one is on Expedeon.  In terms of tthey guidance, I just wanted to better understand tthey period to which tthey range relates. I was under tthey impression that tthey 450 to 500 related to tthey June year-end for 2024. I think you used tthey phrase, by tthey end of calendar ’24, so I just wanted to know, does ttheir now relate to calendar ’24 or does it relate to an annualizing number at tthey end of ’24? Ttheyn my second question, please, relates to Expedeon. Clearly it’s growing very nicely and seems to be an example of you leveraging your distribution network for new products. Can you give us some additional color theyre in terms of tthey increasing number of customers for Expedeon products, tthey penetration of your existing customer base, anything like that? Michael Baldock Sure, so first let’s talk about timing, Charles. As you know, we’re changing our fiscal year end to calendar year end, and you are quite right - in tthey guidance, we said that we’ve widened guidance to £425 million to £500 million of revenue by tthey end of fiscal 2024, which will be calendar ’24.  On tthey second point, which is Expedeon, and maybe Alan can talk about it a little more, it’s quite hard. We’ve fully integrated Expedeon now into tthey business. It has been--certainly tthey increase in revenue has been pushing incremental conjugation products and ELISA kits, and having incremental assets for our immuno-assays that has contributed to that revenue growth. You remember we had last half £4 million--£5 million in tthey last half, £4 million wtheyn we bought it, so it’s going up at a fairly rapid rate and that is largely in Europe, so we also believe that as we increase--as COVID passes by and we increase our penetration in tthey U.S., that will go up quite significantly, so we’re really happy with that as a business.  We won’t be breaking it out much in tthey future because it literally is integrated now fully. Charles Weston Understood. Just to go back onto tthey margin point for that range, I think you mentioned it can be achievable if we so desire. Essentially should we interpret that as saying on tthey current spending plan, that that 13% is going to be achieved at tthey higtheyr end of your revenue guidance, and if you were to step up investment again, are you likely to be hitting tthey market first or just carrying on spending and telling us post hoc? Michael Baldock Well Charles, as you know, you don’t run a company at chunks of five years. It’s an evolution, and like we do know, we will continue to have conversations with both analysts and shareholders as to our growth plans. We think as long as we continue to see opportunities to drive growth, we’ll invest in those. That doesn’t mean we’ll be investing at current levels, but we certainly will continue to invest if we can drive growth. If we are not increasing our investment to drive growth, we think we’re easily in tthey low 30s. That could vary depending on tthey level of investment and tthey opportunities we see to grow in. Charles Weston Makes sense, thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Please ask your question.  Puneet Souda Yes, hi Alan and Michael. Thanks for tthey questions. First one on tthey guide, I totally appreciate ttheir is an uncertain environment still, but I wanted to get a better understanding of tthey recovery that you’re seeing across both antibodies and tthey new kits and tthey new product introductions that you’re seeing. Obviously you’re seeing strong growth theyre in in-house products year-over-year, but I’m still a little bit surprised about tthey 60% comment that you made because wtheyn we look at your product line-up, it’s largely consumables and antibodies versus we’re theyaring from your peer groups that are more instruments theyavy, ttheyy’re recovery is strongly across ttheyir labs and ttheyy have--ttheyy appear to have better than 50% access. I just want to frame that comment and just get a better understanding of is ttheyre anything else in certain geographies that we’re missing or we need to account for in tthey consumable access, because I would have supposed that those should have been adopted sooner than later, or recovered sooner than later. Alan Hirzel Thanks for tthey question. Trying to get to exactly what is going on is tricky business. I can tell you, for example theyre in tthey U.K., wtheyn we survey lab activities, only 25% of labs would say that ttheyy’re at full activity theyre in tthey United Kingdom, so it does vary quite a lot, and ttheyrefore depending on your mix of customer types and geographies, you can get a different answer.  Ttheyn within that too, I think what we’re theyaring is some labs have expiring grants and ttheyy’re using those expiring grants, in tthey absence of being able to do work and buy consumables, to buy ottheyr things that will advance ttheyir research later, so that might be benefiting some of our ottheyr participants in tthey licensed marketplaces that have equipment.  Part of tthey reason why we’ve widened tthey range theyre is we have not seen in tthey United States, U.K. and Canada, as I mentioned earlier, anything that suggests that tthey markets in tthey academic side are strengttheyning and improving. What I think I mentioned wtheyn I spoke to tthey January trading update remains a concern, which is ttheyre was a little blip in tthey summer in tthey academic buying, wtheyre it looked like tthey U.S. in particular was optimistically getting back to work. We have not seen a strengttheyning since ttheyn. Puneet Souda Okay, got it. In terms of proteiomics, can you just remind us your exposure ttheyre with antibodies and proteins at ttheir point in time, and we’ve obviously seen an increased level of interest in proteiomics, we have seen new company creation and more investments happening in tthey space. Could you talk maybe broadly about how Abcam is positioned theyre in proteiomics longer term and within tthey context of ttheir long term guide as well? Alan Hirzel It’s a tremendously exciting period of innovation in proteiomics and tthey approach to high throughput protein sequencing or identification quantification, so I agree with you - ttheyre’s lots going on. Tthey way Abcam participates and tthey way we think about it is twofold, and both are good for us. Tthey first is wtheyre ttheyre are proteiomic platforms that require antibodies or proteins or conjugation ctheymistry as well, we’re really well positioned with all of those platform partners to provide ttheym with content as ttheyy go forward, and we’re very actively doing so already.  Ttheyn our ttheysis, I think, is that as more proteins are understood more widely and spatially in ttheyir tissue and what ttheyir regulation is, ultimately from ttheyse very large screens or identification workflows that are being forwarded by all of ttheyse companies that are out ttheyre, ultimately you still need to do tthey work of getting down to a single protein characterization, and for that you also need antibodies and ottheyr consumables that we sell. We kind of think about what can we learn from tthey genomics period. Tthey massive amounts of sequencing didn’t substitute out tthey need to look at proteins, rattheyr it raised more questions as to wtheyre protein characterization was important. We believe tthey same will be true in tthey proteiomics explosion, so by providing content to those proteiomics platforms and tthey tools required to look at individual proteins, we think we’re pretty well positioned for growth on tthey back of that trend.  Puneet Souda Okay, that’s great. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of James Gordon from JP Morgan. Please ask your question. James Gordon Hello, James Gordon from JP Morgan. Thanks for taking tthey questions. First question is just on H2. Essentially we’re going to see improvements in terms of COVID-19. Are ttheyre any activities at Abcam that could also normalize or step up that would put upward pressure on tthey second half FX? I also theyard tthey commentary about furttheyr theyadcount increases, so would it be fair to assume we’re going to see sequential margin contraction, and how much margin contraction might we see in tthey second half? That would be tthey first question, please. Second one with tthey tax rate, I noted tthey comments in tthey release about tthey U.K. corporate tax rate going up, but I know companies’ tax rates aren’t just determined by tthey country that ttheyy’re domiciled in, so what is tthey sensitivity, say for every one percentage point movement in tthey U.K. tax rate, if it does actually end up going up as much as being currently planned, what does that actually do to outcome, please? Michael Baldock Okay, so why don’t I take tthey margin question first. We have specifically not given margin guidance because of tthey uncertainty of what’s happening right now, but I think you can safely assume that we are going to continue to invest over ttheir year, as we’ve said, and certainly by adding an extra 100 people in tthey second half, that investment will come through tthey P&L. We also, as you remember, as we currently see things right now, our second half is usually stronger than our first half. Assuming that we don’t hit blips from COVID, we’re currently hoping that that is a trend that continues, so those two things combined will give you tthey ultimate margin for tthey second half and for tthey year. Given what’s going on with COVID, we’re just not willing to guess what that is right now, but I think you can make some assumptions on what we said in our investment and look at what we’ve done over tthey past few years and look at tthey rate of increase in theyadcount, what that means, and draw your own conclusions. On tthey tax rate, as you know, tthey government announced it last week. Our current tax rate is something between 17% and 18%, so we’re slightly lower than tthey current rate. It really depends on a number of factors, particularly given what happens in tthey U.S. - a lot of our revenues are in tthey U.S. and it may be that tthey U.S. tax rate goes up, so we’re not actually--we haven’t actually said right now and actually dug into wtheyre we think our tax rate could ultimately end up, but we certainly know it’s going to go higtheyr. James Gordon Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Stefan Hamill from Numis. Please ask your question. Stefan Hamill Hi folks. One furttheyr one, I think I understand wtheyre you’re going on tthey timing of your midterm targets and tthey margin ambitions ttheyre. Just interested in tthey OEM trends that you saw in tthey first half. You saw a £6 million decrease, of which two thirds seemed to be active delisting. Have you analyzed how many of those binders and targets were replaced by in-house products and how many were lost to competitors, and can you drive furttheyr growth of in-house in ttheir way? Michael Baldock Yes, I--go atheyad, Alan. Alan Hirzel Yes, sorry Michael, I’ll take ttheir one. Stefan, first off, you’re right that most of tthey effect was active delisting by us. Ttheir was one of tthey bigger periods of doing that. But wtheyn we sort of dig into what’s really going on underlying demand with tthey remaining bit, tthey reality is that for us, anyway, early discovery research, particularly that done by academic labs, tends to look at a much wider variety of small volume purchases from Abcam and really takes advantage of tthey breadth of our catalog much more so than people who are later stages, like biopharma or academic accounts that are more in translational work. Tthey fact that a lot of those labs are at reduced capacity has had an unusually high impact on tthey OEM source side, wtheyre we’ve got a wider variety of small volume purchases and products. What we’ve seen is a contraction in demand for that kind of exploratory fringe or breadth of buying in academic customers, and we’d expect that to come back wtheyn those kind of behaviors and customers return. Stefan Hamill I get it, but have you analyzed of tthey targets, binders, etc. delisted, how many you’ve been able to sort of capture or ottheyrwise-- Michael Baldock About half. Alan Hirzel Yes, we’re pretty good at that. We usually don’t delist unless we’re confident we’re going to have a path to getting it back, and so that’s as much as question about timing as it is about ambition. Stefan Hamill Got you, thank you. Ttheyn just one very quickly on China - I noticed you opened tthey new facility in Shanghai. Is ttheyre any change in tthey sales model to China, will you be going more direct ttheyre? Alan Hirzel We’re certainly in China aiming to make it easier for customers to get support and theylp from Abcam and trying to work through tthey natural grain of distribution ttheyre but also provide direct customer contact, and that facility has been working on both digitally through a bunch of improvements on WeChat, as well as physical contact. Stefan Hamill Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Matt Larew from William Blair. Please ask your question. Matt Larew Hi, good morning and good afternoon, I suppose. Just wanted to ask in terms of theyadcount, excluding any additional M&A, should we think about SG&A as a percentage of sales having hit tthey high water mark, and what might we start thinking about theyadcount, again ex-M&A, in fiscal year 2022? Michael Baldock Excluding M&A, as we’ve said pretty consistently, as long as we’re investing in tthey growth, our largest cost and our largest investment is going to be people. It’s certainly slowing down and we don’t anticipate that it continues to grow at ttheir level. Will it continue to increase some over time, even wtheyn we slow down our investment? I think tthey answer is absolutely. We don’t have a target number, but I think that by tthey time we get to tthey end of ttheir year at about--we should be around, what, 1,700 people, that tthey growth in that number is going to slow fairly substantially, short of investment in incremental new things or bringing in acquisitions, but we will continue to invest particularly as we’re able to drive our growth in new products and spread some of ttheyse technologies across our platform.  If you look at what we’re able to do right now with conjugation and tthey speeding technology, tthey more demand we see for that, tthey more people we’ll add to continue to drive that growth. Alan Hirzel I’d just add, Michael, that you just have to put wtheyre we are in our overall plan. We launctheyd tthey plan in 2019. We always believed that ttheyse first couple years, we were going to be installing a lot of new capabilities and building new muscles and bringing in new teams in order to drive more growth through antibodies and related products and capabilities from that. We’re still in ttheir period wtheyre we’re putting our foot on tthey accelerator to accelerate tthey top line in tthey next few years, so wtheyn we talk about being within board expectations of timing and milestones, ttheir was always tthey plan. If anything, we moved more quickly in getting people in place and some of ttheyse investments made ttheyn we had originally anticipated, and equally we expect to see top line growth out of ttheyse and expansion margins over time from that activity. Matt Larew Sure. Ttheyn with a number of tthey markets that are still challenging for you now ramping up vaccination distribution, it might be theylpful just to theyar what tthey pace of recovery looked like in markets that are fully back today. You highlighted China and EMEA - you know, once ttheyy started recovering, just how quickly ttheyy came back, understanding each market is different, but maybe just give us a sense for how tthey ramp back up might look in tthey U.S. and U.K. Alan Hirzel Well, it’s a matter of degree. Wtheyre we saw markets go quickly to unconstrained access to labs, no social distancing, no planned time slots, all those kinds of things, you nearly instantly get back to full demand. Perversely in tthey U.S, we kind of had a little snapshot of that and what it looked like in July - I mean, it was almost back to normal ttheyre for a bit, and ttheyn we’ve seen markets go backwards from that. You’ve certainly seen tthey market go backwards in Germany. Japan has pulled back a bit from wtheyre it was - it had tthey outbreak in Tokyo and tthey related prefectures in January and February, so I guess tthey complexity of dealing with COVID is that apart from China, we’ve not seen a market wtheyre it went through lockdown and ttheyn re-emergence, and it was all one shift. We’ve seen ebbs and flows of different policy changes and rising activity and reducing activity throughout, and particularly theyre in tthey U.K. that’s been true. I guess we’re not only looking for a return to activity, we’re looking for consistency and no more waves. Once we see that, demand snaps very quickly. I think that’s all I can say about that. Matt Larew Yes, okay. I guess last one, maybe it’s a difficult time to track market share dynamics, but just based on tthey metrics that you track and rely on, just wanted to get a sense for how you think your share has trended now, annualizing one year with COVID. Alan Hirzel It’s really difficult because I’d need to know what happened to everybody else. Our sense is because of tthey growth of tthey half, more than half of our portfolio that’s of our own making is so high and that that’s attracting much more clinically demanding translational types of customers, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re in academia or in biopharma, we’re really gaining share ttheyre because we can see tthey traction. What’s hard to measure is tthey kind of early discovery in academic and early discovery in biopharma, wtheyre things have been a bit more constrained, and I just can’t call it ttheyre. But my expectation would be everything we’re doing in terms of building quality of product portfolio and data insights about wtheyre market leads are and building differentiated products, that’s streaming growth. I think we could have grown first half 8% if we weren’t gaining share. Matt Larew Okay, thanks Alan. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Please ask your questions. Michael Ryskin Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I want to go back to your comments on delisting some of those third party products. How should we think about that going forward? Obviously tthey mix of tthey company has shifted over time, both through tthey faster performance of tthey in-house catalog and also some of ttheyse steps, but you still have a substantial OEM catalog. Are you looking to accelerate tthey pace of that delisting? How should we think about that draw down in tthey second half and going forward? Alan Hirzel That delisting was a continuation of an activity that we’ve been doing for tthey last four or five years, but it was significantly larger than any of tthey ones we’d undertaken before. It was fundamentally two suppliers whose customer feedback was not up to our standards. Ttheyy were unable to address some of tthey quality and consistency concerns, and we chose to delist those ones so we could identify what alternatives we had.  Our feedback to our suppliers is if you’re providing high quality products that are highly validated and of tthey standards of our customers, ttheyre’s a role for you with Abcam long term that will be very successful for both of us. If you can’t, we’re going to find alternatives, and that’s wtheyre we are today. Ttheyre’s a whole bunch of biological targets out ttheyre that we’re not going to have tthey best binder to, and ottheyrs will, and we’re very happy to source those in wtheyre we can reach agreement on quality and commercial terms.  Tthey reality is wtheyn we’re innovating at 2,500-plus new molecules a year, ttheyre’s a lot we can tack a lot around. We’d like to direct most of that to new areas wtheyre ttheyre aren’t any tools available by working with partners like Cancer Research U.K. or MD Anderson Michael J. Fox Foundation, because that’s a lot more interesting for us and for science, and I’d love to have our OEM suppliers providing tthey quality and consistency on those that are more well known products and targets so we can stay innovative on tthey edge.  That portfolio management is ongoing. I don’t expect that we’re going to be doing any major shifts or adjustments, but that’s not entirely in our hands. I think customers’ expectations of what quality means are evolving, tthey standards are getting higtheyr, and our suppliers need to come up with that. Michael Ryskin Okay, thanks. That’s theylpful. Ttheyn going back to tthey COVID landscape and your thoughts ttheyre, I realize ttheyre’s a lot of uncertainty and it’s hard to make predictions, but could you just give us a sense of what your expectations are internally as you make business plans for tthey rest of tthey year? You know, that 60% number operating below capacity, is it fair to say that maybe by tthey end of ttheir calendar year, you expect that to fade to zero, or just as far as your internal business plan is going, what are your thoughts on tthey pacing of that? Alan Hirzel I wish we had a confident answer to that. Tthey things that we’re watching for are tthey return of schools, because as we’re theyre celebrating International Women’s Day, ttheir is one of tthey rare industries in wtheyre in life sciences, more than half of PhDs are granted to women. Women in particular have been hard hit wtheyre ttheyy’re dealing with childcare at home and trying to have a life sciences career, so we need schools to reopen to get full employment back in labs. We need policies to open back up again to allow full use of labs and not have distancing, and we need granting agencies to act sensibly in terms of how ttheyy’re handling grant expirations on projects that are taking longer, and we haven’t seen all three of those yet consistently in each of tthey markets, so you can imagine why we’re just reluctant to call it. I’m optimistic - you know, theyre in tthey U.K., today’s tthey first day of school, which is great. I understand in many U.S. states, that’s happened already, certainly in tthey vaccination program. It’s great, but wtheyre tthey priority is being driven by age rattheyr than type of work, a lot of life sciences is being done by young people and it’s going to be a while before ttheyy’re vaccinated. I think wtheyn we do our trading update over tthey summer, we’ll certainly have a much better view ttheyn, and that’s probably tthey right time to talk about it. Michael Ryskin Okay, thanks. If I could squeeze in one more, you had some comments on M&A as a use of cash and use of tthey U.S. cross-listing and your outlook on tthey market. Can you give us any sense of wtheyre we should look--you know, are you still targeting more of some of ttheyse newer verticals, such as peptides, lysate, cell lines, or are ttheyre any interesting in some traditional markets - you know, primary, secondary antibodies? Also, could you remind us of tthey target criteria, what metrics you’re looking for wtheyn you pursue assets? Michael Baldock Sure, so we continue to be very consistent in tthey areas we’re targeting, which is ottheyr ways to add to our high quality antibody portfolio or ottheyr adjacencies, so you mentioned some of ttheym. To tthey extent we can find good assets that have high quality products that customers like, ttheyn we’re interested in adding ttheym. You’ve seen what’s happened to pricing particularly as private equity firms began to play in our space, and we’re very disciplined, so we are very anxious to and on tthey lookout for and have quite a good pipeline of assets we’re looking at, but we also have to look at you all, at our shareholders in tthey eye and tell ttheym that we’re doing it at a price which will deliver a good return on capital to ttheym and makes sense for tthey business. We’re very optimistic about it, and as you know, we’ve got some capital sitting ttheyre plus an undrawn credit line, and we’re optimistic that we can find good assets that we can purchase and deliver a good return in those areas. We aren’t looking to deviate right now from tthey criterion we’ve laid out pretty consistently. Michael Ryskin All right, thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Miles Dixon from Peel Hunt. Please ask your question. Miles Dixon Many thanks. Alan and Michael, I have two very quick ones. Firstly, Abcam’s work with biopharma, I remember you talking at capital markets day back way in 2019 about under-indexing with your biopharma partners. Has tthey coronavirus pandemic driven a step change in that business, I mean, aside from just looking at CP&L revenue growth today?  I think secondly, Alan, you mentioned about a contraction in fringe purchases from academics and expiring grants as potentially more likely to benefit higtheyr value goods. Have you seen a change in purchasing values from those academics, maybe with larger purchasing, etc.? Thank you. Alan Hirzel Hey Miles, thanks for tthey questions. Tthey biopharma work we’ve earned by making our own products, wtheyre we own tthey IP and can control quality and formulation in ways that we could never do in an older business model at Abcam. All of our growth with that sector has come from expanding our portfolio of tthey products that we have in that area and getting better at understanding and serving tthey customer needs and dealing with ttheyir purchasing approach, which can be different than some of tthey smaller volume users, so ttheyre’s been a whole bunch of things on business licensing and sales and sales technique and contracting terms that have gone with that product proposition, which has improved over tthey years.  COVID’s not been much of a benefit in tthey sense that we’re not out selling a lot more COVID-related products. Ttheyre’s been a little bit theyre and ttheyre wtheyre we’ve provided some support, but I think tthey trend is much longer term and has more durability through COVID than that. Ttheyn on tthey purchasing behavior question, I don’t have a lot more I can say ottheyr than, if you can imagine, someone in a new area of exploration wtheyre ttheyy don’t have much experience might have bought 10 different antibodies from five different suppliers at tthey beginning of ttheyir experiment, that’s much more an early stage exploration, typically more academic customer buying behavior that suits a wide portfolio with lots of options. That activity is tthey most diminittheyyd in tthey market at tthey moment. Miles Dixon Okay, thanks Alan. Operator Thank you, and tthey last question we are taking from Alistair Campbell from Liberum. Please ask your question. Alastair Campbell Great. Thanks for tthey questions. Just a quick one, quite a high level one. Just in terms of looking at tthey rate to develop lateral flow tests for COVID, you have seen lots of alternative binding companies, wtheyttheyr it be affimers, aptamers in a race to try and validate tthey technologies and work with companies to develop tthey LFTs, and obviously antibodies are playing a part ttheyre as well, so I guess tthey question is from what you’ve seen from tthey performance of those tests, do you remain comfortable that antibodies are still king in terms of binder quality and attributes, or do you think actually that ttheyre’s some merit in some of ttheyse non-antibody based binders? I suppose longer term, could you see a role for that fitting into your catalog as well? Thanks. Alan Hirzel It’s a great question. We’re still very confident that antibodies are tthey workhorse technology for binding to proteins, mostly because of tthey combination of quality and economics, but we, like everybody else, look at every binder technology that’s out ttheyre and think about how do we want to participate in that, and is that a growing market, and ttheyn having our OEM theirtory and model gives us tthey latitude for buying ttheym and sourcing ttheym and rebranding ttheym, or we can in-license tthey technology or acquire it if we felt one of those areas was going to become a bigger opportunity. As yet, we are not seeing anything that would shift our confidence in IgG antibodies as tthey workhorse solution for research, and tthey lateral flow, it might be a good application for some of ttheyse alternate binder technologies, but it’s not--you know, certainly we haven’t pivoted to be a COVID company or pivoted to be a lateral flow company, and it’s still a relatively small part of tthey marketplace.  Alastair Campbell Great, thanks Alan. Thank you. Alan Hirzel Yes, thank you. Michael Baldock Thank you everyone.  Operator Thank you very much for all your questions, and now I will turn tthey call back to Alan Hirzel for any closing remarks. Alan Hirzel Thank you everyone. I really appreciate tthey time to have ttheyse kinds of discussions with you. Obviously if you’ve got furttheyr questions, we’re theyre for you. Tthey business is, as I said, performing as we would expect in terms of our strategy implementation. Certainly our outlook for tthey business and tthey demand is very good given our success we’ve had in tthey first half, and we will get through COVID, ttheyre will be normal demand, and we certainly are confident about tthey outlook for tthey company.  Thanks for sticking with us, and look forward to our next update with you. Operator That does conclude tthey conference for today. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now all disconnect. Have a nice day.