Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 17, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Andre’a Lucca - VP Communications & Operations Tim Miller - CEO Jeff Davis - COO Analysts Jason McCarthy - Tthey Maxim Group George Zavoico - JonesTrading Vernon Bernardino - FBR Ram Selvaraju - Rodman & Renshaw Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode and a brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Andre’a Lucca, Vice President of Communications & Operations. Thank you may now begin Ms Lucca. Andre’a Lucca Thank you good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Tim Miller, President and CEO; and Jeff Davis, Chief Operating Officer of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey first quarter and more recent highlights and developments at Abeona, after Jeff will provide additional comments on tthey quarter, a brief overview of summary financials and provide a snapshot of our financial position and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that we will open tthey floor to few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Tim Miller. Dr. Miller, you have tthey floor. Tim Miller Thank you Andre’a, I want to welcome all investors and with anottheyr stakeholder of Abeona to our call. It's been quiet transformative year for tthey company. Abeona is now a clinical stage company and we’re focusing on developing gene ttheyrapy and plasma based products sever and life threatening disease. Ttheir really wouldn’t have been possible without tthey support of additionally [ph] multiple foundations who initially supported tthey foundation and formation of Abeona. Back in 2013 we were able to bring in over a dozen foundations to theylp support ttheyse programs. Ttheyy looked around at tthey space in tthey emerging gene ttheyrapy companies with tthey recent developments in tthey -- of course of tthey gene ttheyrapy space and ttheyy saw that looking at AAV gene ttheyrapy [indiscernible] and some of tthey best ways that ttheyy thought would be [indiscernible] and ttheyy came and supported Abeona. And now as we’ve gone through our transition over ttheir past year Abeona is really a rare diseases company. Rare diseases is one that affects fewer than 200,000 people in tthey United States. Ttheyre are nearly 7,000 rare diseases, which involve chronic illness, disability, and often, premature death. Ttheyre are more than 25 million Americans and 30 million American that have one and ttheyre are rare diseases can be found and affects people in any age group, about 50% of people affected are children which is about 15 million, and rare diseases account for 35% of deaths in tthey first year of life. Ttheyse diseases are often poorly diagnosed, are very complex, and have no treatment or not very effective treatment, over 95% of rare diseases do not have a single FDA or EMA approved drug. And most of ttheyse rare diseases are often caused by changes in genes, 80% of ttheym are genetic in origin and can present at any stage of life. In Abeona, as we focused over tthey past year we have plasma ttheyrapies that we are developing, we also have gene ttheyrapies that we’re developing. Gene ttheyrapy is tthey use of DNA as a potential ttheyrapy to treat a disease and many disorders, particular genetic diseases caused by a single genetic defect. Gene ttheyrapy aims to treat disease by delivering tthey correct copy of DNA into a patients cells, tthey theyalthy functional copy of tthey ttheyrapeutic gene and theylps tthey cells function correctly. In gene ttheyrapy, DNA encodes a ttheyrapeutic protein and is packaged within a vector or often a naked virus, which is used to transfer tthey DNA to tthey inside of cells within tthey body. Gene ttheyrapy can be delivered by multiple different methods eittheyr by a direct injection, such as an intravenous injection or directly into a specific tissue within tthey body, wtheyre it is taken up by individually by tthey cells. Ttheyre are many approactheys, our initial ttheyrapies ABO 101, 102 and 201 are focusing on delivering an AAV by intravenous delivery to treat tthey whole body of tthey diseases. We are developing ttheyse next generation adeno-associated virus gene ttheyrapies and unlike tthey AAV vectors found in nature, tthey AAV vectors used by Abeona have been genetically-modified to deliver tthey correct functioning copy functioning copy of tthey gene into cells, essentially AAV vectors are delivery vehicles. Our initial programs, again wtheyre we were able to receive so much support from rare disease community is focused on lysosomal storage diseases such as Mucopolysaccharidosis IIIA and IIIB, also known as Sanfilippo syndromes type A and type B, MPS III is a progressive neuromuscular disease with profound CNS involvement. Our lead product candidates, ABO 101 and 102, have been developed to replace tthey damaged malfunctioning enzymes within target cells with tthey normal functioning version. ABO 201 is tthey similar product, using a AAVs to deliver that correct lysosomal gene that is defective in Juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses, delivered via a single injection ttheyse drugs are given only once. Tthey first quarter of 2016 has been one of significant growth and transformation for Abeona Ttheyrapeutics from a number of perspectives. First in foremost Abeona announced ttheir morning that tthey successful dosing of tthey first MPS IIIA patient with ABO 102. Ttheir is a Phase 1-2 trial that tthey first demand [ph] dosing of an AAV9 delivered by an intravenous injection that was conducted again at Nationwide Children's Hospital, a clinical site of two ottheyr clinical stage in tthey gene ttheyrapy companies, and many of whom I believe on ttheir phone call are probably familiar with. Our study is an Open-Label, Dose Escalation Study, and important to note that is supported by a 25 patient Natural theirtory study also conducted in Nationwide Children's Hospital, wtheyre all patients went through one year of follow-up assessment. Ttheir has been important because it’s theylps guides tthey design of tthey clinical study protocol and theylps to validate tthey outcome measures for tthey trial as we ttheyn continue to enroll ttheir patients for MPS IIIA and IIIB. Tthey data from ttheir Natural theirtory study has been recently presented and maybe publittheyyd in our manuscript soon. We would like to remind everyone that AOB 102, again for tthey treatment of patients with MPS IIIA does have orphan product designation from tthey FDA in tthey United States, and tthey rare pediatric disease designation. And we are pleased to have -- to report that we have sufficient drug available to treat multiple patients in tthey United States and in clinical trials for additional out of United States sites, our approach to rare disease gene ttheyrapy because of much of tthey support from international community has started [ph] to bringing ttheyse trials globally, over 70% of ttheir children with Sanfilippo syndromes don’t reach tthey age 18. So ttheyre is a pressing and critical need for ttheyse unmet medical need for ttheir ttheyrapy. And that we’re hoping to be able to bring ttheir ttheyrapies in tthey Europe and into Australia later ttheir year. We look forward to presenting data from ttheir exciting first in men clinical trial later ttheir year. Additionally due to some ottheyr milestones that we have in tthey quarter, we’ve added some new team members from our Dr. Kaye Spratt, who as a Vice-President of Regulatory and Quality at Abeona and Adam Davis. Dr. Davis is our Director of Manufacturing theyre in Cleveland. And we’ve completed tthey build out of our gene ttheyrapy facility theyre in Cleveland, Ohio and as we've done on just to pursue our global strategy, we received tthey genetic modified organs and ethical committee approvals for both ABO 101 and ABO 102 in [indiscernible]. And so with that we believe that we are well positioning ourselves as a rare disease company we have a number of ottheyr things that we’ll like to discuss and right now I'll turn it over to Jeff Davis, as our Chief Operating Officer for a brief updates on tthey SDF plasma program and a review of last quarter's financials. Jeff? Jeff Davis  Thank you, Tim and thanks to all tthey investors that are participating in tthey call today. I'll give a little bit of tthey background on tthey plasma program side of our business as well as an update on tthey financials on our upcoming events and conferences and ttheyn I'll cover a little bit of ground that have been covered in earlier calls because ttheyre is some new analyst and investors participating in tthey call. On plasma side of tthey business, we have a plasma protein program and Alpha-1 Antitrypsin, for those unfamiliar with human plasma derived drugs ttheir represents about $15 billion global market that is growing and roughly 10% annually. Tthey program that we are leading with is anottheyr orphan disease called Alpha-1 Antitrypsin deficiency. Patients that do not make ttheir specific protein in ttheyir liver actually develop an imperative form of COPB or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and we in late 2014 licensed a process called Salt Diafiltration. Salt Diafiltration uses sodium citrate as opposed to ethanol as it means to theylp extract and purify proteins from human blood plasma.  During 2015, we successfully worked on finalizing and optimizing that SDF process for Alpha-1 Antitrypsin. We did that with a single contract manufacturing organization based theyre in tthey United States. Later around tthey turn of tthey year we wrapped up our work with that contract manufacturer and engaged with a new contract manufacturer based in Toronto called Ttheyrapure that we believed to be better suited to theylp us complete tthey scale of and produce both some preclinical batctheys as well as ultimately tthey large clinical batctheys and tthey clinical material needed for our clinical trials. That process kicked off since February of ttheir year and is going very well and we hope to keep you updated as we move forward. We also on tthey IP front following tthey finalization and optimization of our process we have filed additional pattern applications to furttheyr build walls around our Salt Diafiltration process and will keep you posted on that as well. From a regulatory perspective we've had an initial meeting with tthey FDA to discuss tthey process and tthey necessary preclinical CMC and clinical plans that ttheyy would like to see with our Alpha-1 Antitrypsin product following inputs and suggestions for ttheym on tthey clinical program including tthey potential Phase 4 requirements. We've submitted additional clinical program plans and a Type-C meeting request and we expect to have feedback from tthey FDA on that by mid-June of ttheir year and I can also report very much like on tthey gene ttheyrapy side tthey patient advocacy groups being very supportive and theylpful in tthey Sanfilippo program. So I can tell you that tthey Alpha-1 foundation which is leading patient advocacy group for Alpha-1 deficiency is equally very supportive and theylpful and what we are trying to do with that in tthey Alpha-1 community. So that is an update on wtheyre we are on tthey plasma side. I think we will respect tthey financials ttheyre is nothing really earth shattering, we filed tthey 10-Q after tthey close yesterday as you can see from tthey Q, as well as our press release our cash and cash equivalent to marketable securities as of end of tthey quarter was 37.4 million compared with 40.1 million at tthey end of tthey year, so we’ve earned about 2.5 million in tthey first quarter or less than a $1 million a month. That will of course ramp as we continue to move ttheyse programs into tthey clinic, but we believe we have sufficient cash for tthey next two years. Tthey loss for share was $0.17 for first quarter compared to $0.10 in tthey comparable quarter in 2015 and revenues were a low bit down due to reduced royalties on MuGard program. So tthey first quarter financials as I said are available in tthey Q that was filed after tthey close yesterday. I think lastly before we sort of open it up for questions we are participating in some upcoming events and conferences, we will presents on Wednesday May 25 at tthey UBS conference theyre in New York, we will also have a presentation slot to tthey Bio-conference in San Francisco and on June 9 we will be presenting at tthey Jefferies conference theyre in New York. So ttheyre are opportunities for investors and analysts as well to work in some one-on-one meetings around those conferences. And I think with that, that concludes to tthey prepared statements and we can open it up to some Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, well now we are conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from tthey line of Jason McCarthy with Tthey Maxim Group. Please go atheyad with you questions. Jason McCarthy Good morning guys, congratulations on dosing tthey first patient with 102, it’s a really big milestone for tthey company, it’s a great achievement. I know that ttheir was developed at nationwide as was Avexus [ph] Vector it’s tthey same back bone. Can you talk about tthey Avexus data, similarities between your drug construct and ttheyirs, because ttheyy didn’t show some outstanding data in SMA just recently and it appears in my opinion that you might be just about a little bit behind ttheym, may be a year, ttheyrapeutically and if ttheyy dosed a higtheyr dose than you are using, we did think that you could see tthey similar safety profile, similar protein expression and potentially efficacy as soon as next year, can you comment on that? Tim Miller Yes sure Jason, thanks for your question and surely happy to answer. So our program is very similar to Avexus which also spin out of nationwide at certain [indiscernible], it does use an AV9 vectors similar to ours, we would also point out that it is one of tthey self-complementary vectors which theylps induces early expression and wtheyre you see 10 to 100 fold more expression than tthey single stranded versions of tthey vector and ttheir is important as you know because of cost correction in ttheyse diseases wtheyre wtheyn you have a soluble enzyme it can be secreted out of tthey cells and taking up by tthey cells around it, so we’ll be able to leverage that for tthey 102, very happily. We would also point out that it’s delivered as intravenous injection similar to Avexus product. So wtheyn you look at -- your line is up and well it’s AV9 and its delivered intravenously and it’s tthey self-complementary vector and we are making an apples-to-apples comparison. From tthey vector’s standpoint and delivery method, so it’s a different trans team, but again tthey idea has been to target tthey whole body of tthey disease particularly tthey CNS as AV9 is tthey only vector that can cross tthey blood-brain barrier, so to treat ttheyse treats ttheyse kids with tthey CNS manifestation is certainly our desire, but wtheyn tthey kid gets a little bit older we want to make sure that tthey whole body has potentially been corrected. Ttheyy have. Avexus I believe involved 15 patients and that’s quite a remarkable data that was recently presented at ASTCP conference. I agree with you Jason that we are about a year behind and I'll looking forward to reporting additional bio potency and potential efficacy measures in tthey future. Jason McCarthy And for IIIA or in IIIA, tthey first patient dose, we should see some early data, enzyme expression safety sometime in Jan, wtheyn do you anticipate dosing tthey second and third patient in tthey first cohort? And what's tthey timeline for opening trial sites in Europe, particularly Spain and over in Australia? Tim Miller Sure, so we are enrolling ttheyse patients consecutively, ttheir is a Phase 1-2 study, it certainly has to go through consecutive enrollment. We look forward to updating everyone with as close of tthey cohort for example and potentially looking at how we might report some of tthey data that does come in. We will be looking at enzyme activity and a multiple body fluid and gags and more specifically Heparan Sulphate which is tthey specific sugar that affected in ttheir kids. And I guess to your last question, we have already achieve two of tthey three necessary regulatory filings for one of tthey two in Spain, tthey genetically modified organs and tthey ethical community submission and hope to be able to update everyone with tthey trial that will be ongoing in Spain potentially in tthey next quarter. But we will all see. Jason McCarthy Okay and just one more, can you -- just give us an update on tthey IIIB program with 101 and what tthey timing maybe for tthey IND filing? Thank you. Tim Miller Sure, so ABO 101 has also been moving along, we have completed all tthey preclinical developments and are, again we do have GMO and CEIC approvals in Spain and are looking forward to providing an update from a regulatory approvals in both United States and in Spain sometime in June. Jason McCarthy Okay great, thanks Tim, thanks for taking tthey question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of George Zavoico with JonesTrading. Please go atheyad with your question. George Zavoico And thanks for tthey update, congrats as well for giving tthey first patients dose, pretty exciting stuff. First question is for Jeff, I guess for tthey plasma protein program, you mentioned tthey AAT, one question about that and that is that Alpha-1 Antitrypsin is emerging as a very -- well not exactly how potent, but an important player in anti-inflammatory responses, not only just through tthey deficiency, but also for a specific disease, are you looking for broader application rattheyr in just Alpha-1 Antitrypsin deficiency? Jeff Davis I think our initial approach from a regulatory perspective is to just go and get an allowance for exactly what tthey prior for Alpha-1, approved Alpha-1 Antitrypsin got approved and it's simply argumentation ttheyrapy for those have been diagnosed with a clinical deficiency in tthey gene that causes intheyrit CLPD. I agree with you, I mean it is Alpha-1 Antitrypsin is known to be a very broad based anti-inflammatory, it’s being tested in a lot of different conditions wtheyre a systemic inflammatory condition is known to exacerbate tthey condition. And ttheyre has been recent data that’s been very interesting, including CSL did a study called tthey Rapid Study. It was also in CLPD, but ttheyy were using some ottheyr clinical endpoints as well that showed some very interesting and positive results. And I am aware that ottheyr players in tthey field are looking at in a variety of conditions. But I think tthey sort of fastest way to approval for us, and to get it on tthey market, to start generating revenues, is just to use tthey same sort of pathway that tthey prior for any Alpha-1 get approve with. George Zavoico And in that regard moving over to ttheyrapeutic, does that give you more efficiencies and lower cost of goods for tthey kind of -- for tthey scale? Jeff Davis I believe, I mean ttheyy are just better suited for us than tthey initial CMO that we were working with. Ttheyy have a very significant CMO business, ttheyre ttheyy make ottheyr approved proteins that are marketed ttheyre and not only are ttheyy better suited to theylp us sort of scale up and make tthey clinical material for tthey trial, but I think ttheyy could also be a producer for us for tthey first sort of couple of $100 million in revenues.  George Zavoico And so for commercial scale for sure that? Jeff Davis Yes, absolutely. George Zavoico And you didn’t talk about IVIG, is that going on in parallel or serially? Jeff Davis It's neittheyr directly in parallel or serially. We did some initial confirmations of tthey downstream chromatography and sort of purifications steps at tthey first CMO, we kick off tthey Alpha-1 with tthey new CMO and we will a little bit down tthey line in parallel, but still not yet kicked off, hope to start tthey Alpha-1 program. Tthey IVIG program. George Zavoico Okay. And ttheyn a question about -- ttheyn with regarding tthey trial that just started. Nationwide also did tthey natural theirtory trial if I'm not mistaken and those patients are still available I presume. Are some of ttheym being moved into tthey trial now or have ttheyy progressed so far that ttheyy can't? Tim Miller Hi, George. Ttheir is Tim. So yes so that nationwide enroll 25 patients in tthey natural theirtory study. All of ttheym are through tthey one year with tthey follow up and many of ttheym particularly wtheyn tthey MPS IIIA group are certainly looked at as potential candidates for tthey gene ttheyrapy trial for 102 and I can say that being in tthey natural theirtory study thus did not guarantee a spot in tthey clinical trial, however that is certainly a population that is being looked at particularly because ttheyre is a year worth of longitudinal data on those patients. So tthey nice thing about tthey natural theirtory study which is really tthey only one of its kind in tthey world that we’re able to leverage tthey data from ttheir population which is important from tthey FDA perspective on look at potential approvals down tthey road. It has validated a lot of tthey outcomes assessments as we look towards tthey 6 month and 12 month efficacy endpoints and I am sure that many of tthey natural theirtory patients will be in that clinical trial again because ttheyre is that year of longitudinal data. George Zavoico It seems that with that data if and hopefully wtheyn tthey gene ttheyrapy changes and tthey enzyme you did more of tthey right enzyme and you start to make tthey enzyme and clearly deposits in tthey lysosomes that you’ll -- with tthey previous data you should be able to see an inflection point and that should be multiply convincing I guess, rattheyr than just comparing it to theirtorical data and natural theirtory trial. So yes I think that's a tremendous advantage I would imagine for your patient enrollment. Tim Miller We know that within two weeks in preclinical models of tthey disease that we’re able to clear out tthey cellular storage pathology which of course is rattheyr remarkable and multiple tissues wtheyn giving ttheyse AV-19 ttheyrapies by intravenous injection, so ttheyn we know that looking out at three and six months our post injection, we do see multiple fob changes in enzyme activity in multiple tissues which of course has a concurrent [ph] reduction in tthey sugar content, again tthey underlying storage pathology. So we are hopeful that -- and we look out at that tthey clinical space wtheyn you look at ottheyr trials that are using ttheir AAV delivered by tthey intrattheycal or delivered by IV and that ttheyy are seeing changes that are clinically remarkable and ttheyy certainly have demonstrated safety, so we look forward to providing an update on certainly some of ttheyse [indiscernible] assessments and also efficacy as we move through tthey trials.  George Zavoico And ttheyn final question regarding tthey AAV vector. You mentioned, obviously it crosses tthey blood-brain barrier, do you see pretty much uniform distribution with tthey whole vector across most organs or is ttheyre any particular organ that seems to take it up, is it concentrated in tthey across tthey blood-brain barrier or is it sort of more uniformly distributed across tthey body? Tim Miller Well I think it's rattheyr broadly appreciated that tthey liver certainly takes up more of tthey drug than many of tthey ottheyr organs due to first pass effects, but we see similar amounts in tthey brains we do than say lungs, theyart, spleen. So we see it by bio distribution, we are able to detect tthey increased enzyme activity and tthey reduction of gags for example in that tissue. So we do see across tthey CNS and I think that that’s becoming more and more appreciated and as you see more companies using AV9 particularly for CNS disorders that you do see with an intravenous injection very broad and robust coverage across tthey entire CNS. For months, years in tthey preclinical animal models. And importantly we have seen ttheir for all three of our lysosomal storage diseases programs, so for MPS IIIA, IIIB and for tthey CLN3 Juvenile Batten program. And we haven’t talked a lot about that today but certainly that is also moving forward and we’re looking forward to initiating IND enabling tox studies very, very soon and ttheir t be able to get into clinical trials for that patient population is well. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Vernon Bernardino with FBR. Please go atheyad with your questions. Vernon Bernardino Congrats on though thing tthey first patient, so I am sure that’s all very exciting and -- but also perhaps scary at tthey same time. So if I am to think about tthey patients whose recently been given tthey ABO 102, what perhaps have you seen since tthey patients dose and what maybe -- what we would expect in tthey initial response in tthey first days or weeks after tthey patient has been given 102? Tim Miller One thing with ttheyse AAV gene ttheyrapies is that particularly in ttheyse rare diseases, you’re not going to see a lot of changes immediately in tthey first couple of days. In tthey end tthey patients are kept in tthey hospital for monitoring for safety in particular and we’re pleased to report that ttheyre have been no reportable safety events, tthey patient has been discharged and is doing well. Ttheyre was a number of follow up appointments within tthey first 30 days and we look forward to being able to report early measurements of bio potency which will again be really enzyme activity and tthey gags and Heparan Sulphate assessments. So nothing really can be detected in tthey first couple of days but you’re looking at it one month, three months, that’s wtheyn you’ll start to see some measurements form bio potency. Vernon Bernardino Are ttheyre any things that you specifically would look for as far as safety is concerned that you have seen as experienced from ottheyr gene ttheyrapies? Tim Miller One of tthey strengths of ttheir program is how maturely ttheyy were with working with Nationwide Children's Hospital and through ttheyre clinical programs for gene ttheyrapy ttheyy have really tthey best in world leading experience in treating children with intravenous AAV gene ttheyrapies. And so being able to leverage tthey clinical protocol, tthey experience of tthey clinical teams ttheyre has certainly been something that we are proud to be a part of and again looking around at tthey space and ottheyr AAV programs, I think it’s broadly appreciated ttheyse AAV gene ttheyrapies so far demonstrate tthey safety. Ttheyre is always going to be some risk as ttheyse are first-in-man trials and we hope that our patients end up getting very, very well and that tthey drugs are safe. Vernon Bernardino Perfect and I remember from tthey brain scans that you have presented in preclinical studies, would you expect that similar distribution in human subject? Tim Miller What we have done in non-human primate studies for MPS III program and have seen a 100%-200% increase in enzyme activity in tthey CNS six months post injection. So that’s above tthey wildlife [ph] levels, so we do know that ttheyre is broadened robust coverage into ttheir CNS, I think -- I hope that answers your question. Vernon Bernardino Yes and as Jeff had mentioned ttheyre is still some ongoing activities with INDs or 101, is ttheyre anything to expect differently from tthey fact that they target appears pretty weak [ph] and that ttheyy may be related to tthey activity that are still on going for tthey IND? Tim Miller So 101 and 102 both are AAV 9 programs that both delivered intravenously, all tthey preclinical work for tthey both program has a first and completed and we look forward to being able to update everyone on tthey MPS IIIB program very soon. We would expect that again that tthey results that we have seen preclinical have done very similar between MPS IIIA and IIIB, so and ttheyy are delivering that is to same so we’re certainly anticipating some more safety levels and potential efficacy. Vernon Bernardino Perfect, looking forward to follow up results and tthey next sessions [ph]. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju with Rodman & Renshaw. Please go atheyad with your question. Ram Selvaraju A lot of tthey clinical state questions that already have been asked and answered. But I wanted to get a general sense from you guys on two matters. Firstly, with respect to recent developments in CRISPR/Cas9 space, how that maybe influencing your thinking from a strategic standpoint as you move tthey Fanconi anemia program forward? And wtheyn you might be thinking about potentially moving into collaboration arrangement on that indication and potential in ottheyrs? And how your CRISPR/Cas9 presence compares to that ottheyr firms of tthey space? And secondly, if you could provide us with some commentary on what additional SDF Alpha platform produced PDP is, you might expect to move forward into clinical development in tthey foreseeable future? And if all of those are going to be routed from a manufacturing development standpoint, do TtheyraPure -- what TtheyraPure [ph] is only going to handle tthey AAP candidate? And ttheyn finally, just looking for some housekeeping guidance on stock base compensation and stock awards made to employees and consultants, given tthey fact that ttheyse probably constituted at least by my reckoning tthey bulk of tthey non-cash items impacting you net loss number, tthey difference between tthey net loss and tthey actual cash utilized in operating activities in tthey quarter? Thanks. Tim Miller Sure thanks Ram. One of my answer to your CRISPR question and Jeff maybe you can take tthey next two. So Ram, I think our CRISPR program, which we have in house have been able to through our licensees -- I am sorry our licenses has been able to target in our children [ph] 50 different orders. First announced program as far as Fanconi anemia Type C, we have been moving forward with our two approactheys that we are taking is an ex-vivo, sensor corrected approach, and our second generation approach which will be an AAV mediated potential direct injection for that program. Like many of tthey ottheyr programs in ttheir space using CRISPR, we are approaching ttheir cautiously and I think you probably theyard through many of tthey recent announcements that tthey technology itself gaining rounds from again a proof of concept standpoint, but really tthey challenge with a lot of that a CRISPR messages, translating it from taking it out of tthey patients [ph] cells and putting it simply in tthey human. And gene ttheyrapy is all about delivery, so we are certainly watching tthey space very internally and watching with all of our colleagues are doing and certainly developing those programs continually in house, but trying to seek some regulatory feedback about what tthey FDA will be looking for from again an off target effect versus specific to be in and correctional function, that is what we are trying to very cautious on how approaching that, but being smart taking things a step at a time, we want to crawl, walk and run before we are announce a lot of partners in our program, but looking forward again to updating everyone on that. We did have a recent poster represented at one of tthey CRISPR conference that highlighted some of tthey accomplishments of tthey research team in tthey University of Minnesota and certainly working with ttheym tthey advantage programs. Jeff? Ram Selvaraju Okay thank you. Jeff Davis I think on tthey last two questions, on tthey second question, we are excited about our collaboration with TtheyraPure. Tthey initial protein is Alpha-1 Antitrypsin but ttheir is great group to be collaborating wtheyre ttheyy have a lot of expertise and so we do anticipate continuing to work with tthey after tthey Alpha-1 entire into IVIG and even potential sort of orphan proteins. I think with respect to tthey non-cash stock and option compensation because I have gotten some of those questions because it makes our SG&A look out sized and obviously seen currently greater than tthey cash burn or tthey cash portion of it. Most of that occurred due to onetime grants to Directors and new employees around tthey acquisition last May or about 12 months ago that would be on a ttheyrapeutics Cell C [ph] and basically putting in place a new stock option plan that occurred around our annual meeting last year. Tthey way tthey stock option and tthey stock -- tthey stock is actually accounted for is you amortize that expense over a vesting period and that was done also at tthey time tthey stock was quite high having sort of run up last May. On tthey options, tthey component of that are options that go to consultants and those if are you amortize those over tthey life of tthey option and ttheyy tend to fluctuate based on wtheyrever tthey exercise price is. So unfortunately since last May it has sort of tthey large appearance in our SG&A although it is non-cash for investors and analyst, it is very clearly sort of delineated in our Ks and Qs. Ram Selvaraju Okay. So going forward just to understand ttheir better tthey stock option compensation expense line item in tthey cash flow statement is not anticipated to be as high as what you recorded at ttheir quarter or is that a fair assumption going forward based on your understanding of what tthey amortization requirements are? Jeff Davis It's my understanding that it will stay fairly consistent with that based on investing sctheydule of tthey stock grants as well as tthey length of tthey options outstanding ttheyre. It's not anticipated to go up and ttheyn I think it could actually go down based on depending wtheyre tthey stock price is and how you have to impute some value in those options wtheyn ttheyre are sort of out of tthey money. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time I would turn tthey floor back now to Dr. Miller for any furttheyr or closing remarks. Tim Miller I want to thanks everyone for joining us today. Truly been a thanks informative year for ttheir company and we look forward to updating all of our shareholders and foundations and our patients on our progress as to new AOB 101 and 102 furttheyr in tthey clinic and thus continue our expansion overseas in tthey clinical trials. So stay tuned and I look forward to catching up with everyone again soon. Operator Thank you. Ttheir will conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.