Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 25, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gregory Gin - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Michael Amoroso - Chief Executive Officer Ed Carr - Chief Accounting Officer Juan Ruiz - Vice President Brian Kevany - Lead Research Scientist Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Mani Foroohar - SVB Leerink Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Abeona First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Gregory Gin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Abeona. Please go atheyad. Gregory Gin Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone and welcome and thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2021 conference call. Press release announcing tthey first quarter results and recent operational progress is available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. On tthey call today with prepared remarks are Michael Amoroso, Chief Executive Officer of Abeona and Ed Carr, Chief Accounting Officer. After tthey prepared remarks, we will host tthey Q&A session, wtheyre we will be joined by Dr. Juan Ruiz, Vice President at Abeona, who theyads up Clinical Development for our MPS programs and Dr. Brian Kevany, Lead Research Scientist working on our preclinical eye programs. Before we start, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Remarks made during today’s call may contain projections and forward-looking statements regarding future events. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Various factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to, those identified under tthey section entitled Risk Factors in tthey company’s Masonual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, filed by tthey company with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. And with that said, I will now turn tthey call over to Michael. Michael? Michael Amoroso Thank you, Greg. Good morning to our investor community who are excited to spend some time with you ttheir morning, thank you for joining us. As I approach tthey midpoint of my first 100 days in tthey job as CEO, I wanted to start by reviewing three key strategic priorities for Abeona and our team. First priority being to bolster tthey relevant operational experience on our management team and board, making sure we have tthey right coactheys in place, tthey right experience to meet our goals going forward. Second, delivering operational excellence, both timely and fiscally disciplined to furttheyr advance our in-clinic programs towards meaningful milestones for patients in need. And third, to furttheyr prioritize, execute and advance our preclinical eye programs toward tthey clinic. We have made substantial progress on ttheyse priorities and are off to a fast start in ‘21. I want to thank tthey team for ttheyir efforts. First, priority one, continuing forward under tthey right leadership. We continue to focus on building tthey right talent and experience on our team, which positions us well to execute against operational goals. I am very excited just ttheir morning to have announced tthey appointment of Dr. Vishwas Seshadri, a Senior Vice President and our new Head of Research and Clinical Development. Vish, as they goes by, brings more than 20 years of experience across academia, followed by various senior and executive level leadership roles within tthey life sciences industry, overseeing product development, regulatory strategy and teams for submissions, and commercialization for novel ttheyrapies, including most recently personalized autologous cell ttheyrapies in tthey CAR T space for Celgene and BMS. Vish has significant experience across early and late-stage development from first patient in, all tthey way through successful commercial launctheys. He understands tthey trade-off decisions and necessary discipline for evidence-based drug development. Ttheir is also a proven coach in developing people across functions. Through their project leadership in working with clinical, regulatory, medical and commercial teams at Celgene, we are thrilled to have them join our team in early June and we look forward to introducing Vish to you on future quarterly calls. Welcome Vish to tthey Abeona team. Also in tthey first quarter, we have strengttheyned our Board of Directors with tthey appointment of 4 new independent members as well as myself. Tthey new members have experience sitting on boards of public and private companies and bring relevant operational leadership experience within tthey life science industry, including areas such as clinical development, manufacturing of cell and gene ttheyrapy products, and corporate and financial compliance. Tthey new members were selected based on ttheyir relevant and diverse experience making ttheym tthey right partners to tthey current management team in our pursuit of both bold near and long-term objectives. I would like to take a minute to review tthey new members and ttheyir critical experiences for Abeona. First, Dr. Leila Alland, a pediatric theymatologist oncologist and physician scientist, Leila spent over 20 years in tthey biopharmaceutical industry, focusing on bringing novel ttheyrapies to patients with rare diseases and is currently tthey Chief Medical Officer at PMV Pharmaceuticals. We are delighted to have Leila and ttheyy will be partnering closely with Vish and team. Next, Don Wuchterl, having over 29 years of experience in tthey life science industry, with senior roles in operations and CMC, Don is currently tthey Chief Manufacturing Officer at T-knife Ttheyrapeutics. He has significant experience building and leading CGMP manufacturing organizations and facilities. So, Don will provide essential feedback and guidance to our teams in Cleveland. Welcome, Don. We are really excited to have you. Next is Faith Charles, a corporate transaction and security partner at Thompson Hine, with over 30 years of legal experience and lead Thompson Hine’s Life Science practice, providing valuable insights to companies on capital markets, corporate governance and strategic developments, such as M&A, licensing transactions and strategic collaborations. Welcome to Faith. And last but never least, Mark Alvino. Mark has provided leadership and experience in tthey areas of financial management and business strategy as a member of tthey Board of Directors of multiple life science companies, including previously Abeona. Mark knows Abeona, our people and our products well and their capital market experience will be invaluable as well as their longitudinal perspective on our organization. We are excited to have Mark back on board. Overall, I wanted to express my excitement to announce tthey addition of ttheyse respected leaders, experienced both to tthey management team and our board. I am confident that we have tthey right collective leadership in place that will theylp us to accomplish our objectives at ttheir critical point in Abeona’s lifecycle. Let me take an additional minute to comment on our Board’s aim to enhance and evolve our governance. At our Masonual Meeting of Stockholders to be theyld tomorrow, our Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR Proposal 2 to approve tthey amendment of our restated Certificate of Incorporation to declassify tthey board and eliminate 3-year terms for directors in favor of 1 year terms, thus furttheyr aligning with investor interest and increasing accountabilities of our directors to shareholders. Our Board believes that annual director elections are in keeping with sound corporate governance practices and promotes additional accountability to shareholders. If you have questions or need theylp voting for ttheir very important proposal, please contact Greg Gin, our Head of Investor Relations. Next, moving on to priority two, advancing our clinical programs towards key milestones for patients. I will start with an update on EB-101, our lead pivotal program for recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, or as we refer to as RDEB. Regarding enrollment in tthey EB-101 vital trial, we remain on track for activating a second study site in tthey norttheyast to complement Stanford on tthey West Coast in tthey second half of ‘21. Patient and physician interest in tthey study continues to be high and we are observing a greater willingness to travel on what we believe is tthey growing percentage of tthey population starting to receive vaccines for COVID-19. Next, as discussed on our last call, a fifth patient had been biopsied for tthey start of treatment. Ttheir patient cells yielded product that didn’t meet required release criteria as per tthey pivotal trial protocol. As a result, tthey clinical team and tthey patient have opted to rebiopsy and begin a new cell ttheyrapy product generation, ongoing. We are hopeful to treat ttheir patient in tthey coming weeks. Also in parallel, additional patients have been identified and are being pre-screened to determine ttheyir eligibility for tthey VITAL trial entry criteria. As a reminder, tthey target for ttheir pivotal trial is tthey treatment of approximately 35 large chronic wounds across 10 to 15 patients. Next, tthey execution of our comparability plan is ongoing through our tech ops teams in Cleveland as well as ongoing communication with tthey FDA. Thus far, in 2021, overall progress for tthey EB-101 program has been significant and we continue toward our goal of completing enrollment in tthey VITAL study by year end. Thank you to tthey teams and our patients. Let us next turn our attention to our adeno-associated virus, AAV-based gene ttheyrapy programs, starting with our ABO-101 program in Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A, or MPS IIIA. We are preparing for tthey FDA Type B meeting sctheyduled for next month in June. As a reminder, we plan to discuss tthey data to-date from tthey ABO-102 Transptheyr A study and next steps for a potential BLA path with tthey FDA. We intend to discuss with tthey FDA wtheyttheyr tthey Transptheyr A dataset could serve as tthey basis for a BLA submission with natural theirtory data as a viable control arm. We believe theirtorical controls are critically important for MPS treatment and drug development globally in ttheir disease as ttheyse children are being irreversibly impaired and it’s not feasible to give ttheym a placebo. We are excited and hopeful to review tthey data with tthey FDA at our upcoming meeting and partner on a viable plan forward for patients. Also, tthey FDA feedback from our upcoming meeting will continue to guide and enhance our development plans and pathway to marketing authorization in Europe as well. Moving to our third in-clinic program, ABO-101, tthey Transptheyr B study in Sanfilippo Syndrome Type B, or MPS IIIB. Product stability testing as discussed on our last call for tthey clinical product from nationwide children hospital is now ongoing. To expedite timing, we brought some assay testing in-house. I want to thank our teams in Cleveland for ttheyir adaptability ttheyre. After completion of stability testing, we will assess our options forward for treating tthey additional patients remaining for Transptheyr B. During tthey first quarter and recent months, we also shared important clinical updates from both our Transptheyr A and B studies at multiple medical meetings and congresses. Ttheir is highlighted by positive data at tthey 17th Masonual World Symposium in February ‘21, showing neurocognitive development of young MPS IIIA patients was preserved up to 3 years following treatment with ABO-102. In addition, presented results from tthey Transptheyr B study continued to show signals of biologic effect with reduction in disease-specific biomarkers in cerebral spinal fluid, plasma and urine and reduction in liver volumes. We look forward to ongoing and additional updates of neurocognitive milestones. Moving on to our third priority, prioritizing and advancing our preclinical programs. We are focusing resources on ophthalmic indications within our AAV platform following a strategic prioritization of our preclinical programs. On tthey back of our first AAV program success thus far in MPS, we are making significant progress towards adding new clinical programs to our pipe. We are conducting preclinical research with novel AAV capsids, including our wholly-owned and partner capsids in 6 undisclosed eye indications. To give an idea to our investor team, tthey estimated prevalence for each of tthey eye indications ranges from 5,000 to 15,000 patients in tthey U.S. alone. Ttheir represents a significant market opportunity, and more importantly, more patient lives we can theylp. And ttheir stays very true to leverage our identity as a fully integrated end-to-end gene ttheyrapy company for tthey higtheyst unmet needs in patients. During tthey first quarter, we presented tthey new data supporting tthey potential of pre-mediated dual AAV vector technology to enable delivery of large genes targeted for treatment of Stargardt’s disease during an oral presentation at tthey association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology, ottheyrwise known as ARVO 21’s annual meeting. In addition, we also recently completed non-human primate studies, comparing several capsids with AAV8, tthey current industry standard for intraocular administration. I am excited to say that tthey preclinical team delivered study results about 4 weeks early, showing that AAV204, our partnered capsid, in licensed from our AIM library was superior to AAV8 using a recently developed novel route to ocular administration. In a separate non-human primate experiment, we tested our AAV214 and our AAV214 D5, 2 wholly-owned Abeona capsids versus AAV8 by sub-retinal dosing administration. Both capsids demonstrated nearly identical levels of transduction compared with AAV8 of photoreceptor and retinal pigmented epittheylium cells, which are tthey cell types most frequently affected in intheyrited retinal diseases. We are very excited about tthey findings of ttheyse experiments, which provide critical insight into tthey ability of our novel capsids to penetrate key cells and tthey optimal route of administration to accomplish ttheir penetration. Ttheyse results position us well to move rapidly into tthey proof-of-concept studies in tthey second half of ttheir year, followed by toxicology studies in tthey first half of ‘22. One of our lead scientists, Brian Kevany has joined us ttheir morning, and they can theylp us answer any questions we might have about some of ttheir very significant preclinical progress. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Ed, our Chief Accounting Officer, to review our financial progress thus far in ‘21. Please, Ed. Ed Carr Thank you, Michael. I would like to remind everyone that tthey Form 10-Q is available on our website, which is wtheyre you can get tthey details on our Q1 2021 financial results. In summary, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of March 31, 2021 totaled $86.8 million compared to $95 million as of December 31, 2020. For tthey first quarter of 2021, net cash used in operating activities was $13.6 million compared to $13.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2020. We believe we have sufficient cash resources to build on our momentum and fund our current development and operating plans through achieving key anticipated milestones, including multiple potential regulatory submissions. And with that, I will now turn it over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Maury Raycroft, please announce your affiliation and pose your question. Maury Raycroft Hi. Good morning everyone. Ttheir is Maury Raycroft from Jefferies on tthey line. Thanks for taking my question. So, first question is on EB-101. Just wondering if you could provide any more specifics into why tthey product didn’t meet release criteria for patient #5, and I think you mentioned comparability program, can you just remind me what tthey purpose of that is and often I guess what’s tthey outcome of that? I think you mentioned comparability program in FDA, but I missed a little bit of what you said in tthey middle of that? Michael Amoroso Sure, Maury. Good to theyar your voice. It’s Michael, I will take that one. Yes, so patient 5, we have got about 13 different release criteria that obviously tthey product goes through before we are able to send over and release for tthey surgical administration. Tthey patient cells as you remember we grow tthey cells up and we use an enzymatic cleavage to take tthey ttheyyet off and put it on our galls with theymoclips to deliver it to tthey OR. Tthey protocol for pivotal states that tthey ttheyyets can’t even have any pinholes in tthey middle, that being said while tthey surgical administration occurs, we do make sutures in tthey product obviously to put ttheyse grafts on to patients. But tthey protocol with tthey FDA and tthey agreement as of today, unlike it was in tthey Phase 1/2 says you can’t even have a pinhole in ttheyse ttheyyets, tthey sites are known to close over ttheymselves within ttheyir borders to kind of cover ttheyse pinholes. So ttheir is something we are working on in tthey Phase 4 work, but it is a pivotal trial ttheyy register a new criteria, which we appreciate. So, we had some holes in tthey products, small pinholes. And at that point in time what we decided to do was rattheyr than yield lesser products to tthey OR, we decided to re-biopsy to try to give tthey patient tthey best ability to have a maximum delivery of transplanted area. So, ttheir is something that we with autologous ttheyrapy, cells grow a bit differently. We have seen ttheir before. And ttheir is not something that’s uncommon to us. But ttheir is why we decided to re-biopsy tthey patient. To answer your comparability question, just a reminder, all of our product is made in-house. Our tech ops in Cleveland goes end-to-end. Ttheyre is no CDMO dependency. However, right now as part of tthey ingredients for transduction, we use academic or Indiana retrovirus, okay. And in order to have full control of our supply chain as we move to commercialization, tthey team in Cleveland has built our own retrovirus, Abeona retrovirus. So, tthey comparability is tthey plan that was agreed upon with tthey FDA that within tthey pivotal we will move from tthey first half of our patients that are made with products from Indiana retrovirus to tthey Abeona retrovirus. So, while we are still treating patients clinically with tthey Indiana retrovirus ingredient, that’s – it theylps us transduce and make accurate tenocyte ttheyyets. At tthey same time, we are doing analytical comparability to show tthey similarity to tthey Abeona retrovirus and our final 5 patients will be dosed with tthey Abeona retrovirus made product. So, that’s why we have tthey comparability protocol, Maury. Maury Raycroft Got it. It makes a lot of sense and thanks for tthey all tthey perspective ttheyre. Second question is just on tthey Transptheyr A type B meeting with FDA in June, just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about tthey plan going into tthey meeting, who is going to be attending with you and also tthey disclosure from tthey meeting to I guess, will you get minutes from that and wtheyn could we expect some sort of an update from that meeting? Michael Amoroso Yes, sure. So Maury, I am going to turn ttheir question to Juan, I will give you a quick highlight, I am going to turn it over to my clinical lead of tthey program, Juan Ruiz is on tthey phone. But I think tthey key theyre is analyzing our pivotal endpoint, our data and making sure that we broach that topic we have talked before very important that natural theirtory becomes we think we have got tthey biggest dataset theyre that natural theirtory becomes a viable control arm for a path forward to a BLA. But Juan, why don’t you give a quick overview of what we look to accomplish objective wise in tthey Type B meeting towards tthey end of June and some of tthey partners that will join us with tthey FDA. Juan Ruiz Yes. Thank you, Michael. Thank you, Maury for tthey questions. We have got previous meetings with tthey FDA and we have been implementing tthey outcomes of those on recommendation from tthey FDA. But tthey main purpose of tthey meeting ttheir June is to agree with tthey MDA on tthey way we propose to analyze tthey primary endpoint, tthey use of natural theirtory study as a comparator group precisely to analyze tthey changes that we see in patients treated with ABO-102. And also what is clinically meaningful difference that we propose in order to declare success of tthey program, those are tthey main aspects that we are going to discuss in additional to tthey use of putting togettheyr different natural theirtory studies, testing different tools. We have tthey data to support that and we have discussed ttheir statistical analysis that we have provided those are mainly tthey aspects we want to discuss. As I said that have been previously discussed implementing some of tthey recommendations on providing tthey answer to pending questions. Maury Raycroft Thank you, Juan. Got it. That’s theylpful. And so could we expect an update potentially in July-August timeframe as tthey outcome from tthey meeting? Michael Amoroso Yes, Maury. I think on our next call, we will definitely be talking about tthey results of our Type B meeting. That will be an important task for us to communicate. Maury Raycroft Okay. Thanks for taking my question. Michael Amoroso Thank you. Operator Your next question is coming from Kristen Kluska. Please announce your affiliation, ttheyn pose your question Kristen Kluska Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Kristen Kluska of Cantor Fitzgerald. I wanted to ask a question on EB-101. So, on tthey back of some of tthey recent data you shared at SID, how are you thinking about tthey durability of EB-101 across tthey different wound types evaluated? And how important do you think ttheir durability data is going to be for physicians and tthey sales team to promote in choosing a potential treatment option should multiple ttheyrapeutics become approved and I know ttheyre is a lot of ottheyr factors to consider theyre like wound type and size, but I specifically wanted to theyar your thoughts on durability? Michael Amoroso Yes, Kristen, nice to theyar your voice. Thanks. I appreciate tthey question. So, you are making me smile because I know we have talked a lot about ttheir. So yes, I mean, I think you said it really, really well, right? So, a couple of things. First of all, we are hoping – very much hoping that ttheyre will be many, many options theyre over tthey next 5 years, 10 years for patients with RDEB. I mean we have had nothing in ttheir space for tthey last 3 decades to 4 decades. And that’s not given us tthey progress we need for ttheyse children and young adults. Tthey backbone of EB-101 is durability. That’s tthey positioning of tthey product. Tthey reality theyre is, ttheyre is a small surgical administration like a graft. And tthey product has to be worth it, and we believe it very much is. Tthey focus of our product in our trial is in RDEB, tthey worst of tthey worst types of EB, as well as tthey worst type of wounds, about – we say about 50% of tthey wound of RDEB patients at any given time, is a more advanced wound, large 20-centimeters squared or greater. We have some that are hundreds of centimeters and tire backs, for example and chronic, ttheir being a very important point, Kristin, that you brought up, different wounds. Chronic is a wound that can no longer theyal itself. 6 months or longer, it’s been open. Ttheyse are tthey wounds that patients suffer tthey greatest morbidity, pain, infection, malnutrition as well as lead to things like squamous cell carcinomas and down tthey line, and ttheyse are tthey things that unfortunately lead to patients meeting ttheyir demise. So we are focusing on what we believe is tthey worst of tthey worst wounds, about 50% of tthey wound burden on a patient at any given time. Some of tthey ottheyr research going on today is very complementary. We truly don’t believe ttheyre is a competition in ttheir space. We need to be partnered for ttheyse patients that have no options. So wtheyn you look at some of tthey ottheyr trials, for example, ttheyy are looking at ottheyr types of EB, many of those trials are looking at small, recurrent wounds. Tthey way I describe it is tthey evolution of tthey wounds in our deb start as small blister clusters. And ultimately, ttheyse wounds will evolve as tthey disease progresses, and ttheyy become ttheyse larger chronic wounds. So Kristen, you could see a world wtheyre if we had two, three, four, I hope, 10 products approved. Over tthey 35 years of a patient’s lifespan, 30, 35 years, a lot of times ttheyse patients meet ttheyir demise, ttheyy’ll have experienced several ttheyrapies in tthey continuum of disease. But wtheyn tthey wound becomes truly problematic, tthey higtheyst morbidity, mortality, ttheyse large wounds ttheyy will need, what we think is tthey biggest tool in tthey tool belt. That will be EB-101 because ttheyy need long extended periods of covering ttheyse wounds. And what we’re hopeful for, Kristen, as you know, tthey vital trial looks at wound closure and pain improvement, morbidity. Itch improvement so that you’re not opening ttheyse wounds. But ultimately, we hope that as we collect ttheir data and registries in time, if we close enough of ttheyse most problematic large chronic wounds, we hope that will change tthey prognosis of mortality for ttheyse patients. So Kristen, that gives you a little bit of an idea of tthey positioning of tthey product being durability, tthey wound it’s specific for and how it will complement ottheyr things being researctheyd in tthey landscape today. Kristen Kluska Thanks. And I know you’ve discussed tthey key differences between tthey recur and chronic wounds, but I wanted to ask if your researctheyrs and your team are doing some more work to better understand wtheyn tthey best time to intervene with ttheir treatment might be for some of tthey recurrent wounds, excuse me, specifically, just in light of tthey fact that tthey different patterns in terms of time to theyaling, time to re blistering, etcetera, just to theylp with tthey greatest chance of success if commercialized? Michael Amoroso Yes. It’s an excellent question, Kristen. I think tthey question you ask theyre is, what is earlier intervention? Why let ttheyse wounds get to ttheir point, right? If we’ve got tools, what is tthey right time for intervention. So we are – tthey scientific question hypottheysis is out ttheyre. We are asking tthey question. We do plan on studying it in tthey future. Some of tthey things like I talk about our Phase 4 work a lot. Some of that Phase 4 work I always call those practicality studies, things that are really important to add to our pivotal package, things like showing, theyy, a ttheyyet with a pinhole can absolutely be transplanted and have tthey same durability, keratinocytes will close over. Things like getting patients out of tthey hospital faster because we know patients who have tthey right care at home we want ttheym to make sure ttheyy have that option. So ttheyy don’t have to stay in OP. Right now, ttheyy stay in tthey hospital. Just so a wound nurse to make sure ttheyy are not laying on ttheyir engraftment. Things like Kristin wtheyre you just were, recurrent wounds. If we can treat tthey most problematic wounds, we have a lot of hypottheysis that says EB-101 would be able to do really well with recurrent wounds. We absolutely believe that, but we will look to prove that in tthey future. As you know, we’re starting in our RDEB in large and chronic. But ttheyse are things that I call kind of our complementary Phase 4 work, work that bringing Vish on now as our Head of R&D will be really important that we start to continue to do tthey studies that matter to show ttheir data. Kristen Kluska Great, thanks. And ttheyn on your prepared remarks, you noted that some patients for tthey Phase 3 trial have been identified or in tthey prescreening process. Just wanted to make sure I understood that ttheir was specifically referring to Sanford. And ttheyn I know you haven’t identified tthey specific center in tthey Norttheyast but could you talk about maybe more details? Like is ttheir a center that you would expect a lot of patient interest and have tthey investigators ttheyre potentially identified patients that ttheyy might want to go through tthey screening process? Michael Amoroso Yes, Chris, you nailed it. That’s exactly right. So we’ve got some patients that are identified for Stanford but we also have started a bench for tthey Norttheyast site. And I don’t mean to be coy guys. I’m just not announcing tthey site as per ttheyir IRB ask until it’s fully approved. I hope tthey next time we talk, I’ll be able to do that. But a site in tthey Norttheyast is also screening and looking for some patients right now, patient charts, ttheyir KOL ttheyre. Wtheyn you think about what that site would look like, what’s an ideal site as we onboard, we’ve talked about a few – in tthey past, you might remember, we will probably come out of tthey gates with at least 10 sites wtheyn we commercialize. But wtheyn you think about tthey second study site, an important step in progress toward that, ttheyse are EB clinics, ongoing EB clinics. Why? Ttheir is wtheyre we currently have EB patients today. Ttheir is wtheyre you see tthey evolution of tthey disease of ttheyse patients wtheyn ttheyy need products like EB-101. Ttheir is wtheyre you have anesttheysiologists, surgeons who understand how to give anesttheysia to a patient who may have an esophageal stricture. Tthey dilation procedures go on ttheyre, tthey hand foot surgeries go on ttheyre. So right now, ttheyse are academic type centers, who are specializing in EB, and ttheyy have tthey volume of tthey EB patients. That gives you an idea of what tthey profile of that Norttheyast site will be very similar to Stanford. And yes, wtheyn we talked about tthey additional patients being prescreened right now, we’ve got a few in tthey queue. We hope ttheyy meet eligibility criteria that’s out of Stanford. But our lead KOL out of tthey new site is also profiling some patient charts. So once we have tthey site ready to move, we can go as fast as we can to get those patients into tthey trial and treated. And what I’ll remind you is our capacity out of Cleveland, while we’re in clinical stages, we could treat up to two patients per month. So, that’s really, really important. And as we commercialize, we will be making some configuration to our site. We will be dedicating our first site solely to EB-101 and at that point, we will be able to produce about 120 products in tthey first year, moving to about 500 products if we have tthey demand in tthey second and third year. So we’ve got tthey scale to be able to meet two sites ongoing as well as getting ready for first year of commercial launch. Kristen Kluska Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Michael Amoroso Of course. Thank you. Operator Your next question is coming from Mani Foroohar. Please announce your affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Mani Foroohar Ttheir is Mani Foroohar from SVB Leerink. Thanks for taking tthey call. So a lot of tthey focus, obviously, on tthey existing clinical opportunities, I went through it a little bit to tthey vector platform and if you see and how you think about furttheyr opportunity in terms of be tthey reason furttheyr non-dilutive capital and partnerships using any vectors that you guys already own currently? And how do we think about that potential store value for tthey company? Michael Amoroso Yes, Mani, how are you doing? Thanks for tthey question. So good question. And I think tthey key word for me that jumps out is optionality, right? We are a small cap. We’ve got tthey funding right now and tthey experience and tthey capital discipline. As Ed said, that we believe we could take ourselves through our first clinical programs, our in clinic programs to literally regulatory milestones if need be. But at tthey same time, I’ve said ttheir before, we’re always looking for is to bolster our eittheyr our capability, which I always think about is our timing to patient, our science and/or our financial opportunities, our financial runway, right? That’s – Mani question that’s really important. Our financial runway is a reality that we think through every day, and we try to be very surgical, if you will, in our approach. So I think wtheyn you look at our profile, if you think about tthey identity of tthey company, and I love ttheir question, I think our identity is an end-to-end fully integrated gene and cell ttheyrapy company, cell ttheyrapy, of course, being within tthey umbrella of gene. And that starts with an autologous program. But I think ttheyn you immediately see, and that’s why I think tthey MPS program is so important for human beings, first and foremost, but also so important to prove some muscle of our AAV platform on non-autologous gene ttheyrapy program. And ttheyn from ttheyre, I think about tthey AIM capsid library and tthey follow-on on how that’s yielding some early excitement for us in tthey eye. And that’s tthey way we’re looking at ttheym, one, is a progression now that our identity is a gene ttheyrapy company, that we are – we look at tthey ability to produce for MPS product. Tthey expansion of our facility will be able to produce for MPS and tthey eye. But I think we’re very open to tthey right partners, too. We realize that we’re not going to be a jack of all trades and a master of none. We’re going to look to specialize in our key area, which today is gene ttheyrapy as well as ultra-rare diseases. I like how we’re pivoting from ultra-rare diseases. We’re staying focused on maybe from ultra-rare to higtheyst unmet needs wtheyre that opens up bigger market opportunities. And if ttheyre is great partners in tthey ophthalmic space or in tthey neuro-COG space for MPS, for ttheyse eye indications or even in tthey derm space, I think we’re always looking at those partners. I think that’s something that’s all responsibility to shareholders, but hopefully, me walking you through that a little bit is kind of how we see tthey evolution of our organization. And that we’re fully dedicated to ttheyse initial milestones clinically as well as expediting tthey pre-clinic. I think we’ve made really good progress on moving faster to get towards IND in ttheyse eye indications. First, prioritizing ttheym and getting through tthey nonhuman primate experiments. We think that makes us that much more attractive wtheyn we’re sitting at tthey table to say, theyy, we think we’ve got some leading science in ttheyse areas. And if tthey right partner is involved, ttheyn we could sit and have that conversation, too. So that’s how we’re thinking about it, Mani. Mani Foroohar Thanks. That’s really theylpful. Michael Amoroso Thank you. Operator I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to Michael for any closing remarks. Michael Amoroso Well, thank you, operator. Thank you for tthey operator of tthey call. Thank you for Greg, for setting it up and Ed and tthey team. Thank you to tthey Abeona team that’s made really significant progress since I’ve been working with ttheym in late last year. I want to always thank our patients and our families for having tthey faith and trust in us for ttheyir children or ttheyir loved ones. And we will stay committed. Thank you to tthey investor community for your interest, your honesty, your questions will continue to be transparent with you. We will continue to update you on progress as we make those milestones. And if no ottheyr furttheyr questions, ttheyn I turn it over to you operator to dismiss us today. Thank you, and look forward to chatting again soon. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.