Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Jack Silverstein - SVP, Finance and IR Carsten Thiel - CEO Tim Miller - President and CSO Analysts Liav Abraham - Citi Maury Raycroft - Jeffries Difei Yang - Mizuho Securities Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Business and Update Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn tthey call over to Jack Silverstein, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Jack Silverstein Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Today's call will be led by Carsten Thiel, our CEO. Following Carsten, Tim Miller, our President and CSO will present preclinical highlights. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during tthey call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in ttheyse statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website, www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce to you Dr. Carsten Thiel. Carsten, you have tthey floor. Carsten Thiel Thank you, Jack, and good morning everyone. For tthey third quarter our team has been working very hard to advance our lead program and to furttheyr strengttheyn our pipeline. In our effort to bring confirmative ttheyrapies to patients suffering from devastating diseases, we are focused on clinical, preclinical, regulatory and manufacturing initiatives. I will touch on ttheir in more detail but first I'd like to highlight how excited we are about tthey license agreements we signed with REGENEXBIO last week. We have acquired four worldwide exclusive licenses to tthey NAV AAV9 Vector platform for tthey development and commercialization of treatment for MPS IIIA, MPS IIIB, CLN1, and CLN3 which are all Rare Lysosomal Storage Diseases. As we build on our existing expertise and tthey success we have seen to-date with tthey use of tthey AAV9 Vector in our clinical and preclinical trials, we are now one step closer to bring ttheyse transformative ttheyrapies to tthey patient communities that need ttheym so much. We are committed to executing on our corporate strategy and our vision to becoming a leader in tthey treatment of ttheyse devastating and life threatening rare genetic diseases for which ttheyre are no adequate ttheyrapies. In a moment, I'll provide furttheyr details on tthey quarter's events before turning tthey call over to my colleagues for additional updates on our programs, quarter financial and investor related events. We will ttheyn open tthey floor for questions. But first I’d like to take a moment to acknowledge tthey recent important leadership changes taking place at our company. In preparing for tthey next phase of Abeona's growth, it is paramount to our future that we continue to establish strong world class expertise and leadership in all functions of our company. Tthey following changes are part of our transformation. I am very pleased that last month Dr. João Siffert joined tthey company as our new Chief Medical Officer and Head of Research and Development. João has successfully led multiple drug development programs from preclinical to regulatory approvals in tthey U.S. and Europe with 30 years of combined experience in tthey biopharmaceutical industry, medicine and academia. He brings unique expertise in AAV came from tthey time setting as Chief Medical Officer for Ceregene wtheyre they was responsible for clinical development of AAV based gene ttheyrapies for Parkinson's and Alztheyimer diseases. João has also served on tthey Board of Directors of AveXis tthey AAV gene ttheyrapy developer acquired by Novartis. Ttheir compretheynsive clinical, scientific and regulatory experience will be an asset for Abeona as we look to advance our clinical and preclinical candidate and to drive future pipeline growth. We also welcomed Neena Patil, to tthey Abeona team as our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Neena brings extensive legal expertise from previous jobs as company such as Pfizer and Novo Nordisk. Ttheir is a new role that will aid us to evolve from a clinical to a commercial stage company. Finally, we're announcing that at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, Steptheyn Thompson is retiring from their position as Abeona's Chief Accounting Officer. I want to take a moment to recognize Steptheyn’s contributions to our company as one of tthey first employees of Abeona. On behalf of tthey Board of Directors and tthey leadership team, I like to collectively extend our gratitude to Steptheyn for their many contributions to Abeona over tthey past several years. Serving as Steptheyn's replacement is Edward Carr who will join tthey company as Vice President and Controller, effective as of November 26, 2018. In ttheir role Mr. Carr will serve as tthey company’s Principal Accounting Officer. Let us now discuss tthey work completed in tthey third quarter and in recent weeks starting with our AAV programs. Our clinical program in MPS IIIA is ABO-102 and AAV gene ttheyrapy administered through a single intravenous infusion to treat tthey disease. Ttheir is a single arm clinical trial for patients suffering from MPS IIIA which is tthey rare intheyrited, progressive and life-threatening metabolic disorder that affects children from very young age. Ttheyre are currently no approved treatment options available for ttheir disease, and 7 out of 10 children die before tthey age of 18. MPS IIIA is caused by defect in tthey SGSH gene that leads to enzyme deficiency and tthey inability to metabolize toxic sugars called GAGs. Results from tthey ongoing Phase 1/2 trial highlights continued efficacy and safety data, which demonstrates time and dose dependent improvements in underlying disease pathology, including decreased GAGs and CSF in urine, improvement of volumes, and stabilize tthey urocognitive scores compared to natural theirtory. In addition, as Dr. Kevin Flanigan, tthey Principal Investigator of ttheir trial shared earlier ttheir year parents and caregivers reported back behavioral progress post-treatment, such as improved muscle function, attention, social interaction, speech and sleep. On our last earnings call we announced that a total of 13 patients had been treated in tthey trial. Ttheyse patients have been enrolled in three dose escalating separate cohorts. Since that announcement, I'm pleased to report that one additional patient has been treated in cohorts, free, bringing tthey total number of treated patients in tthey trials to 14 for greater than 6,100 days cumulative follow-up. Ttheir is important, as our trial enrollment have moved towards younger patients. Tthey trial is being conducted at three sites. Nationwide Children's Hospital in tthey U. S. Clinico de Santiago in Spain; and Adelaide Women and Children's Hospital in Australia. Ttheyse sites continue to screen, recruit, and follow-up patients for tthey ongoing safety, biometric, biophysical and neurocognitive assessment. Earlier ttheir year, tthey FDA agreed to lower tthey minimum enrollment age in our trial down to six months from tthey initial two year cut-off, an important amendment to investigate safety and efficacy across a broad range of patients and importantly at tthey onset of tthey disease. As part of our continued effort to treat and assess younger patients and strengttheyn tthey comparative data, we decided to aggregate two natural theirtory studies. In tthey existing study we referenced from Nationwide Children's Hospital and an extensive study from tthey University of Pittsburgh. Our safety profile remains consistent and promising with no serious drug related adverse event over 6,100 days of cumulative follow-up. We look forward to reporting additional updates from cohorts of ttheir trial as data are collected. Remember, tthey ABO-102 program has been granted regenerative medicine advanced ttheyrapy, rare pediatric disease, and Fast Track Designations in tthey U.S., and Orphan Drug Designation in both tthey U.S. and tthey E.U. Ttheyse regulatory designations allow for a dialogue with tthey FDA that remains focused and on-track to support our overall efforts on our path to regulatory review. In parallel to our ongoing discussions with FDA, we continue tthey EMA scientific advice process in order to identify tthey regulatory review pathway in Europe. We've recently completed tthey important interactions with tthey FDA and tthey EMA, and are currently consolidating ttheir feedback to determine tthey best path forward for our MPS IIIA program. We'll be able to update on tthey outcome of ttheyse regulatory discussions prior to tthey end of tthey year. Moving on to ABO-101, our clinical program for patient suffering from MPS IIIB. Notably ttheir quarter we received approval from tthey Spanish regulatory bodies to proceed with tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial for ttheir program in Spain. Ttheir is our second clinical trial conducted in Europe alongside tthey ongoing Phase 1/2 trial for patients with MPS IIIA. In addition to Spain, we have plans to open clinical sites for tthey trial in three European countries, including France, Germany, and tthey United Kingdom. Ttheir is a significant milestone for children suffering from MPS IIIB, in autosomal recessive lysosomal storage disease with a devastating effect such as neurocognitive decline, speech and mobility loss, and premature death. MPS IIIB is caused by a generic defect that leads to tthey deficiency of tthey NAGLU enzyme needed to break down complex sugar molecules. Tthey ABO-101 gene ttheyrapy delivers a potentially transformative effect through tthey body with a single intravenous infusion, which uses an AAV9 vector to introduce tthey functional NAGLU gene to tthey target tissue in MPS IIIB patients. In ttheir trial, patients will be evaluated at multiple time points post infusion for safety and efficacy assessments. Like all our clinical programs, ttheir is supported by a natural theirtory study which include bioctheymical and clinical assessments consisting of neurocognitive evaluations, bio-ctheymical assays, and MRI data generated over one year follow-up. We're encouraged by tthey preliminary results observed in our U.S. trial to date, both in terms of clinically relevant biomarker response, as well as regarding tthey ongoing safety profile. Importantly, ABO-101 in MPS IIIB has been granted rare pediatric disease designation in tthey U.S. and Orphan Drug Designation in both U.S. and tthey E.U. With respect to our regulatory progress, our multiple designations across all our programs provides us with tthey opportunity for more frequent interactions with tthey FDA, as well as becoming eligible for priority review and accelerated approval timelines. In addition to MPS IIIB, we have two ottheyr lead clinical programs that have been acknowledge by tthey U.S. and European regulatory bodies. Lastly I'd like to discuss EB-101, our clinical program in epidermolysis bullosa or EB, and autologous gene corrected skin graft cell ttheyrapy for patients suffering from tthey most severe form of EB, recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa or RDEB. It is a life threatening genetic skin disorder characterized by devastating and painful consequences, including chronic skin blistering, open and painful wounds, esophageal strictures, corneal abrasions and a shorter life expectancy. Due to gene mutations, patients with RDEB lack a functional collagen COL7A1 protein, which is tthey main component of tthey anchoring fibrils that attach tthey dermis to tthey epidermis. Patients with RDEB suffer from intense pain throughout ttheyir life and life-threatening complications with no effective treatments available to reduce tthey severity of ttheyir symptoms. Tthey results from tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial thus far demonstrate that tthey ttheyrapy is safe and well tolerated with durable efficacy throughout various time points post administration. Collagen VII expression and reconstitution of anchoring fibrose were observed as early as one month post-engraftment on EB-101 treated wounds and remain functional up to tthey full observation period of three years thus far. Tthey clinical results observed in ttheir trial, which was conducted at Stanford University, are significant because ttheyy demonstrate clinically meaningful wound-theyaling improvement, durability, and improved quality of life for ttheyse patients. We're preparing diligently for tthey start of our Phase 3 trial. Specifically, tthey team is completing tthey full scale of detailed CMC work streams, which we know from our discussions with tthey FDA, are necessary to get read not only for tthey Phase 3 trial but also for BLA filing and commercialization. Tthey preparation and planning include tthey ability to create and use commercial grade product in tthey Phase 3 trial internally at our Cleveland facility, and in parallel we are performing comparability studies to tthey product being developed at Stanford. We continue making progress from required asset development, SOPs and training personnel to engineering one. In preparation for tthey trial and competing with CMC work, we're finding that tthey increased investment on tthey frontend will inevitably position us for a smoottheyr more expeditious transition towards tthey BLA filing and our goal of bringing a treatment to ottheyr patients. I want to remind that our EB-101 program in RDEB has been granted Regenerative Medicine Advanced Ttheyrapy, Breakthrough Ttheyrapy, Orphan Drug and Rare Pediatrics Disease Designations from tthey U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and Orphan Drug Designation from tthey European Medicines Agency. Similar to MPS IIIA, ttheyse regulatory designations ensure that our dialogue with tthey FDA remains focused and on track to support our overall efforts on our pass-through regulatory review. We will be able to update on tthey outcome of ttheyse discussions prior to tthey end of tthey year. I've said ttheir before and it is becoming more real. Our collective efforts togettheyr with our investigators bring us closer to delivering on our mission to give hope, relief, and extended life and better quality of life to ttheyse young patients who suffer from diseases for which ttheyre are no current treatment options. Working togettheyr to find a cure, ttheir is our mission. With that I'll turn tthey call over to Dr. Tim Miller, who will update you on our preclinical programs. Tim? Tim Miller Thank you, Carsten. In tthey third quarter, we continued to make progress on our preclinical programs. We are developing two AAV19 ttheyrapies for batten disease; ABO-202 in CLN1 disease, also known as infantile Batten disease; and ABO-201 in CLN3 disease, also known as juvenile Batten disease. Both are intheyrited genetic diseases diagnosed in infants and young children that progress very rapidly. Infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis caused by autosomal recessive mutations in tthey CLN1 gene is fatal lysosomal storage disease that primarily affects tthey nervous system starting in new born. Our AAV19 ttheyrapy program has received Rare Pediatric Disease Designation by tthey FDA and Orphan Drug Designation by tthey FDA and EMA, and is advanced to IND-enabling studies which is evaluated at a combination of intravenous and intrattheycal gene ttheyrapy administrations of ABO-202. To date tthey combination approach has demonstrated enhanced efficacy as measured by survival, motor, and behavioral assessment in tthey mouse model of tthey disease and no safety issues have been observed in tthey rat toxicology study. We believe that ttheir data will support tthey IND, which will be filed in tthey first quarter of 2019. Our IND-enabling studies continue for our CLN3 program. Ttheir program which is an intravenous delivery of AAV9 to adjust tthey systemic and neurologic manifestations of tthey disease has also received Urban Drug Disease Designation by tthey FDA and EMA. As we near tthey clinical stage, we are enthusiastic to work with leading Batten medical centers in tthey world in tthey University of Roctheyster and tthey University of Humber. Ttheyse clinical phase have devoted years of work in evaluating tthey natural theirtory of patients with CLN1 or CLN3 and ttheyse data will be critical to evaluating efficacy in tthey upcoming clinical trials. We anticipate tthey work supporting tthey IND for tthey CLN3 program will be completed in tthey first half of 2019. Finally, we continue to expand and advance our AIM vector platform with now over 100 second and third generation AAV Capsids that have demonstrated enhanced selectivity for tissues specifically to compare ttheym against naturally occurring AAV Capsids. And ttheyse are viable through multiple routes of administration. Through internal development, tthey AIM platform is able to target diseases of tthey eye, lung, CNS, liver, and muscle, and has enabled our in-house pipeline development to expand. Importantly, initial non-human primate data in tthey eye and central nervous system is supportive of additional ttheyrapeutic targets and we look forward to releasing more details on ttheyse data before year end as we evaluate potential treatment approactheys for patients that may antibodies to natural AAV stereotypes or importantly have previously received an AAV injection. Our AIM vector platform is a powerful asset that may present potentially clinically superior as well as next generation gene ttheyrapy approactheys plus delivering gene editing and gene replacement strategies for rare diseases. Now that we have internal AAV core capabilities with concept to commercial GMP manufacturing in-house to provide enhanced quality control and economies of scale for preclinical to late clinical stage products, we look forward to continuing our product development at our facility in Cleveland. We have an exciting few months atheyad of us. I'll now turn tthey call back to Jack, who will review our third quarter financials. Jack? Jack Silverstein Thank you, Tim. I'll remind listeners that we have recently filed tthey Form 10-Q wtheyre you can get all tthey specific details on our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2018 were $112.2 million compared to $120 million as of tthey end of tthey second quarter June 30, 2018. Net cash used in operations in nine months ended September 30, 2018 was $22.1 million compared to $17.6 million in tthey same period of 2017, an increase of $4.5 million. Cash outflows were offset by inflows of approximately $5.5 million from proceeds of tthey exercise of outstanding options and warrants. From a revenue perspective, our revenues were $1.7 million for tthey third quarter of 2018 compared with $219,000 for tthey similar quarter tthey year prior. Our portion of tthey increase quarterly revenue is consisted of tthey recognition of foundation grants that were announced during tthey fourth quarter of 2017. A portion of tthey grants were received in tthey third quarter of 2018 and tthey amount recognizes matctheyd against corresponding expenditures. Additional revenue consisted of royalties from marketed products, primarily MuGard. Loss per share was $0.34 per share for tthey third quarter of 2018 compared to $0.13 per share in tthey comparable period in 2017. Total number of common shares outstanding as of tthey day that we filed tthey 10-Q on November 9th is about 47.9 million shares. That completes tthey summary of financials. Also ttheir week we will be participating in tthey Jefferies 2018 London Healthcare Conference, presenting on Thursday, November 15. That presentation takes place at 10:40 local time and can also be accessed through our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. Finally, we are very excited to announce our second Research and Development Day, which will take place in New York City on Thursday, December 6. Presentation's by senior management, clinical investigators, and key opinion leaders will span a myriad of gene ttheyrapy topics and will also provide updates on our clinical and preclinical programs. Interested parties are welcome to file tthey live webcast throughout our website. And with that, I turn it back over to Carsten Carsten Thiel Thank you, Jack. In summary, I'm excited about tthey progress we have made across our pipeline over tthey recent quarter and even more excited about tthey upcoming work atheyad of us that includes important milestones for our Company. After decades of research and development, gene ttheyrapy is rapidly emerging as one of tthey most exciting areas of medicine and generating new hope for patients with rare and fatal genetic diseases. I want to thank our hardworking staff, our investors, our clinical investigators, and most of all our patients for working with us to develop potentially curative ttheyrapies for ttheyir devastating diseases. I will now turn over to tthey operator to open up for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Liav Abraham Perhaps just a few clarifications on tthey EB-101 program, Carsten. Last quarter you said you're still - you're on track to start tthey trial in tthey second-half of ttheir year. Apologies if I misunderstood from your comments but is ttheir still tthey case? And ttheyn following on from that, based on your comments, will tthey trial be enrolling both at Stanford as well as from your own facility from tthey outset? And ttheyn lastly on ttheir program, it seems as though tthey gating factor to ttheir trial starting is tthey manufacturing runs that you're doing. Can you confirm that tthey trial design itself has been agreed upon with FDA and are ttheyre any comments you can provide on tthey pivotal trial design as it relates to perhaps as it compares to tthey Phase 1/2 trial? Carsten Thiel Thank you for joining and your many questions about tthey EB program. Let me start with just emphasizing how important tthey EB-101 program is for us. Our investigators as well as tthey entire Abeona team is extremely motivated to progress with ttheir trial as those patients have no ottheyr ttheyrapy that is approved. As we have said earlier, we had regulatory interactions during tthey summer and following ttheyse interactions we have put more emphasis on hiring staff especially in tthey quality team and tthey CMC team to meet tthey requirements on tthey CMC side with respect to assays and tthey quality release criteria. Now ttheir is important for us because while it is more work right now, it will position us for a smoottheyr and more expeditious transition towards a BLA filing and ultimately bringing tthey treatment to RDEP patients through commercialization. In terms of timing what that means for us is that tthey initiation of ttheir trial is moving into 2019 and pointing to your question about tthey supply, we have parallel passports at Stanford with tthey LTGM facility that has been preparing for ttheir trial, as well as Cleveland that can both supply ttheir clinical trial, as well as ultimately commercial. And I think your third question was about tthey clinical trial design, we've been very pleased with tthey interactions with FDA, in terms of tthey trial it's very consistent with tthey Phase 1 trial that we have pursued, as well as consistent with tthey EB draft guidance that FDA released earlier during tthey year. So we feel confident that ttheyre are - at ttheir stage no more comments or questions regarding tthey protocol. Liav Abraham Just a follow-on question, given tthey progress that you're making with your own facility as it relates to ttheir program, will ttheir actually accelerate enrollment once tthey trial does commence? Carsten Thiel That's a very good question. We clearly see tthey potential because of tthey capacity that Cleveland has to advance tthey study, it's in our interest to do tthey study as rapidly as possible. But it's ultimately tthey investigators that have tthey patients lined up ttheyy are well identified to pursue tthey trial. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question. Maury Raycroft Congrats on tthey recent updates including tthey REGENEX agreement. I was wondering if tthey REGENEX license had any caveats to it or is it transferable? And ttheyn if you could provide any more specifics on tthey royalty rate? Carsten Thiel So, let me give you a bit more context about tthey license agreement. It's been something that I recognized very early on wtheyn I joined tthey Company that tthey license situation is something that needed to be addressed and I've been very pleased with tthey interaction with REGENEXBIO on that. I think ttheir agreement reflects tthey appreciation of tthey work that we have done not only in MPS IIIA and MPS III B, but also tthey advances we have made so far on CLN1 and CLN3, and tthey fact that we have received exclusive licenses I think points to tthey fact that we are very strong player theyre. Tthey details of tthey agreement will be disclosed later but so far for us I think tthey most important detail of tthey license agreement as we have disclosed earlier is tthey scales, payments over time with $10 million - immediately $10 million after 12 months and ttheyn tthey first annual payment of $20 million. So those $40 million are guaranteed. And ttheyn a total of anottheyr $80 million spread over tthey next four years, so which adds up to a total of seven years. And I think ttheir fits very well with our development time lines and also with tthey overall capitalization we have. Maury Raycroft And ttheyn you mentioned tthey combination of tthey nationwide in tthey University of Pittsburgh natural theirtory studies, can you remind me if tthey Pittsburgh study is publittheyyd? And if you could provide any more specifics on how tthey two data sets will be combined? Are you primarily trying to increase tthey number of patients for specific ages? Carsten Thiel Yes, so maybe a bit more context around ttheyse national theirtory studies why ttheyy are important and what's tthey power of aggregating two studies. You may remember in tthey natural theirtory study from Nationwide, we had 15 patients for MPS IIIA, and those 15 patients distributed over a pretty wide age range. As we moved on to Cohort 2 and we're now well into Cohort 3, we were able to agree with tthey FDA to reduce tthey age of screened patients down from two years to six months. Ttheir has been a very important change because our investigators and key opinion leaders were very clear that tthey earlier we treat tthey better. With that came tthey recognition that we want to have a natural theirtory study comparison that mirrors ttheir age range well. Tthey Pittsburgh study is a study that has been going on since many, many years and Andrew Escolar has publittheyyd on that over time. Tthey benefit of aggregating ttheyse two studies is that we have more patients in particular in tthey younger age range. And ttheir will serve us well as we look at our ABO-102 trial that is a single-arm study versus ttheir aggregated database. Maury Raycroft And will ttheyse two natural theirtory studies being combined, will that influence tthey regulatory update that we get by tthey end of tthey year? I guess is ttheir something that tthey FDA wants to see in order to make a decision on how that - tthey end point would look for regulatory approval? Carsten Thiel Well, actually Maury, we are right now looking into ttheyse data. Tthey important benefit of ttheyse two studies is that ttheyy are using tthey same measures in terms of bioctheymical, biophysical changes but also neurocognitive changes. So ttheyse two studies fit very well togettheyr which is important for us in tthey aggregation and tthey use as a control. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Difei Yang with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question. Difei Yang Maybe on tthey very high level for tthey manufacturing side in Ohio. Carsten, would you be able to provide some key milestones to theylp us keep in track of tthey progress made at that facility on tthey ongoing basis what we should be - what milestone should we be paying attention to for tthey next 12 to 24 months? Thank you. Carsten Thiel So we have already a couple of very important accomplishments under our belt, namely that in a very short period of time we have finittheyyd that facility and opened ttheir on tthey 31st of May ttheir year. Over tthey summer periods tthey next milestone was to hire tthey staff working in tthey facility, we have completed that. In tthey last few months we've also trained those people on CMC requirements. And tthey one important milestone was for us tthey actual production of skin grafts which has initiated during tthey summer. Tthey next milestone is tthey completion of those methods and assays for tthey CMC amendment, and ttheyn as we look to tthey final milestone that in my view is important is providing actual RDEP products derived from patients that provide tthey biopsies. So it's a gradual process and I've been very pleased with tthey talent that we were able to recruit, tthey work that those people are doing and how well ttheyy work togettheyr with our principal investigator and tthey LTGM side in Stanford. Difei Yang Thank you for tthey additional color. And ttheyn on tthey MPS IIIAA program, wtheyn would you expect us to get anottheyr update on how well those patients I think now is 14 patients will do you? Carsten Thiel So we look at that study as now being in a very important phase. I mentioned ttheir before that we were pursuing a path to recruit younger patients and those younger patients were successfully recruited in tthey third cohort and we expect tthey effect of our ttheyrapy will be tthey most meaningful in that patient population. We were still not at patient 15 yet and as you know tthey trial has a two-year follow-up so at ttheir time we continue to analyze tthey data and we'll provide an update before tthey end of tthey year. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to Mr. Thiel for any closing remarks. Carsten Thiel Well thank you everyone for joining ttheir morning it's been a pleasure. Thank you for tthey questions. I look forward to share with you more exciting data about Abeona as we move forward. Have a good day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.