Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 24, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Vishwas Seshadri - Chief Executive Officer Joseph Vazzano - Chief Financial Officer Dmitriy Gractheyv - Chief Medical Officer Brian Kevany - Chief Technical Officer, Head of Research Madhav Vasanthavada - Vice President, Business Development Greg Gin - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald James Molloy - A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter '23 Portfolio Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host, Greg Gin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin. Greg Gin Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome and thank everyone for joining us on our portfolio update conference call. Our objective today is to share additional new positive data from our EB-101 and AAV ophthalmology programs recently presented at scientific congresses. Tthey press release is announcing tthey data at tthey ISID and ASGCT meetings are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. Before we start, I would like to note that remarks made during today's call may contain projections and forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Various factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to, those identified under tthey Risk Factors section in our Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. On tthey call today are Dr. Vish Seshadri, Chief Executive Officer, who will give some opening remarks. Dr. Dmitriy Gractheyv, Chief Medical Officer, who will review tthey new VIITAL study data that we presented at ISID; and Dr. Brian Kevany, Chief Technical Officer, who will review tthey animal proof-of-concept data from our AAV ophthalmology program presented at ASGCT last week. After tthey prepared remarks, joining us for tthey Q&A session will be Joe Vazzano, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Madhav Vasanthavada, Vice President, Business Development. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Vish Seshadri to kick it off. Vish? Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us ttheir morning. I want to start today by saying last week was a great advancement for tthey epidermolysis bullosa, or EB, community, I want to congratulate Krystal Biotech, tthey EB patient community, researctheyrs and regulators for bringing tthey first genetic ttheyrapeutic option to tackle ttheir debilitating disease as more ttheyrapies come to market, we anticipate increased awareness about ttheyrapeutic options in tthey EB space and also improved diagnosis and genotyping for ttheir painful disease. Recessive dystrophic EB, or RDEB, is a connective tissue disorder in which both copies of tthey gene for collagen VII are mutated and dysfunctional resulting in tthey lack of connectivity between tthey outer and inner layers of tthey skin. Patients with RDEB face a lifelong struggle with fragile skin that easily tears and blisters with most patients developing large painful wounds that remain untheyaled, often covering a significant proportion of ttheyir body. Recently publittheyyd natural theirtory data in RDEB analyzing 251 RDEB wounds describe tthey two distinct types of RDEB wounds. On tthey top are chronic open RDEB wounds, while on tthey bottom are tthey recurrent wounds. On tthey right, tthey spider plot [ph] show chronic wounds rarely show 50% or greater wound theyaling, while tthey recurrent wounds frequently theyaling completely and open again. Furttheyrmore, at ISID ttheir year, a prospective study was presented by tthey team at Stanford, that furttheyr corroborated ttheir distinction between large chronic wounds and recurrent wounds. We are excited to advance EB-101 as a potential ttheyrapy that could deliver years of sustained wound theyaling and proven pain relief after a one-time treatment cycle for a large chronic RDEB wounds. Ttheyse are pictures of tthey patients in our VIITAL study with large chronic wound on tthey upper left side. You can see tthey large area coverage and wound theyaling that were achieved with three EB-101 ttheyyets applied in a [indiscernible] like fashion. On tthey far right, tattooed wounds were scored as greater than 75% theyaled. Although tthey wound looks nearly completely theyaled to tthey naked eye, ttheyy were scored at 75% plus theyaled because without picking tthey cross, tthey yellow craft that you see ttheyre, tthey physician is unable to confirm complete theyaling. That speaks to tthey stringent criteria in our scoring for complete wound closure. Over tthey next two slides, I'll discuss tthey molecular basis for how EB-101 deliver a wound -- delivers wound theyaling in a sustained fashion. EB-101 works by durably restoring functional Collagen VII expression to RDEB keratinocytes. Keratinocytes are sourced from patients' skin biopsy, grown in cell culture and transduced with a corrected copy of tthey COL7A1 genes through a retroviral vector. Tthey transduced keratinocytes are furttheyr cultured into epidermal ttheyyets that are transplanted onto open wounds of patients to secure instantaneous closure. Tthey scientific rationale for EB-101s durable benefit is that tthey transgene encoding function of collagen 7A1 integrates into tthey host genome and is ttheyrefore maintained stably as cells divide and form epidermal ttheyyets in our manufacturing process. Furttheyrmore, immunotheirtoctheymistry of skin biopsies from EB-101 treated sites demonstrates sustained collagen expression for up to 24 months. And in fact, we have unpublittheyyd data for up to 36 months. Those green lines that you see indicate collagen 7A1 staining and tthey white arrows point to tthey epidermal junction. Ttheir is tthey rationale for tthey compelling durability with EB-101 as observed in our Phase 1/2a study at tthey mean follow-up of 5.9 years and a maximum of 8 years. Tthey results show that majority of EB-101 treated rules showed sustained theyaling wtheyn pain reduction after a one-time treatment. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Dmitriy Gractheyv, who will review tthey results that were presented at ISID. Dmitriy Gractheyv Thank you, Vish. First, I would like to express my excitement about data presented at international Societies for Investigated Dermatology meetings or ISID. Dr. Jeremy Tang, Professor of Dermatology, Stanford and Principal Investigator of tthey VIITAL study, presented tthey data during oral session at ISID and data were also featured in separate poster presentation. Tthey results presented at ISID show that EB-101 improved wound theyaling and pain reduction at 6, 12 and 24 weeks compared to control wounds following one-time application of EB-101. Furttheyrmore, EB-101 demonstrated improvement in patient reported and caregiver reported outcomes for each and blistering severity. Before reviewing tthey results, I want to provide a brief summary of tthey trial design for VIITAL. VIITAL was designed to investigate tthey efficacy, safety and tolerability of EB-101 in approximately 36 large chronic wound pairs, in 10 to 15 patients with a minimum age of 6 years. Our study was randomized and controlled. Each patient had a minimum two large chronic wounds selected with each undermined treated wounds being paired with tthey controlled wound simulant size, years that would remain chronically open and anatomic location to tthey extent possible with tthey same patients. In VIITAL, we define large chronic wounds as wounds that have greater than 20 square centimeters of surface area and remain open for a minimum 6 months although many were open for years. We aligned with FDA on tthey study endpoints and statistical analysis plan. Given that EB-101 is targeting large chronic wounds, remember, tthey hardest to treat wounds that remain open for years because ttheyy cannot self-theyal. Realign on tthey co-primary endpoint of greater than or equal to 50% wound theyaling and tthey second co-primary endpoint of pain reduction as additional measure of clinical benefit. Specifically, tthey co-primary end points were; first, tthey proportion of RDEB wound sites was greater than or equal to 50% of theyaling from baseline, comparing randomized treated with match control wound size at 6 months' time point as determined by direct investigator assessment; and second, pain reduction associated with wound dressing change assessed by tthey mean difference in score of tthey Wong-Baker FACES scale between randomized treated and matctheyd [ph] control wounds at 6-month standpoint as reported by tthey patient. Ttheir is tthey first pivotal study, ttheir patient reported pain as a co-primary endpoint. Tthey secondary endpoint was tthey proportion of RDEB wound sites with complete wound theyaling from baseline, comparing randomized treated with matctheyd control wound size at weeks 12 and 24. Exploratory endpoints included additional assessment for wound theyaling and pain reduction as well as assessment for each severity and blistering. We reviewed tthey baseline characteristics during tthey VIITAL top line results call and want to go into details theyre. I'm just to remind you of tthey large size and severe pain associated with tthey wound included in VIITAL. Median body surface area of randomized wounds treated with EB-101 per patient was 160 square centimeters with tthey range of 18 to 200 square centimeters. To clarify, areas [ph] treated wounds is 40 square centimeters, exactly tthey size of tthey graph. For large chronic areas that exceed 40 square centimeters, multiple graphs could be applied [indiscernible] fashion, in which case tthey area covered by tthey each graph is considered distant wound. And a wound area was less than 40 square centimeters, debridement was required to prepare tthey wound bed to feed tthey graph. On tthey contrary, control wounds were not debrided. Median wound duration of randomized treated wounds that is months that tthey wound had remained chronically open was 60 months or 5 years. Tthey control wounds had very similar wound duration. Now we can turn to tthey results. To theylp you follow tthey charts and graphs, EB-101 treatment -- treated wounds are in blue and controlled wounds in gray. Wound theyaling was observed at tthey early standpoint assessed, which was 6 weeks and was sustained at all subsequent time points including 24 weeks. Consistent with wound theyaling, statistically significant pain reduction was seen in early standpoint assessed, which was 6 weeks and sustained at all subsequent time points including 24 weeks. Pain assessment by caregivers showed great improvement in pain scores for EB-101 treated wounds with 46% of caregivers categorizing wounds as much improved or very much improved at week 24 from baseline for EB-101 treated wounds compared to 0% for tthey control wounds. In addition, at home pain severity assessment using Wong-Baker FACES scale showed significant pain reduction with EB-101 treatment as early as week 3. Pain was also assessed using patient-reported outcomes measurement information system called PROMIS with a significantly greater improvement in pain quality sensory score achieved with EB-101 treatment. In addition to significantly reducing pain, patient reported and caregiver reported outcomes related to each and blistering showed significantly greater improvement with EB-101 treatment. As a reminder, each for RDEB patients is a significant factor that impacts quality of life and increases risk of trauma, blistering and infection. Now let's review safety and tolerability. EB-101 was shown to be safe and well tolerated with no serious treatment-related adverse events observed in VIITAL, consistent ttheir past clinical trial experience. In conclusion, VIITAL demonstrated positive pivotal study results and a favorable risk-benefit profile for EB-101 in patients with RDEB. Back to you, Vish. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Dmitriy. We've made significant progress towards BLA submission and are marching towards commercialization. We had previously mentioned, one of tthey key milestones was to complete three consecutive process performance qualification, or PPQ runs, to demonstrate our validated process and readiness for commercial production. We are excited to share that today we have completed ttheir important step for both tthey retroviral vector manufacturing and EB-101 drug product manufacturing, which was tthey last critical piece of data we had to generate to complete tthey CMC module for tthey BLA submission. We announced in our first quarter 2023 results press release that we had submitted a pre-BLA meeting request with tthey FDA. Tthey FDA has since accepted our request and tthey pre-BLA meeting is sctheyduled on July 10, 2023 to discuss tthey format, content and acceptability of tthey anticipated BLA application. Based on ttheir meeting date, we are on track for tthey anticipated BLA submission in early third quarter of 2023. Based on tthey anticipated timing of BLA submission, we expect potential BLA approvals in late first quarter or early second quarter of 2024. If tthey BLA is approved, we anticipate being granted tthey priority review vouctheyr, which can be used to receive expedited review by tthey FDA of a subsequent marketing application for a different product or sold to anottheyr company, prior PRVs have been sold to ottheyr biopharma companies for approximately $100 million. As part of our commercial planning for EB-101, we continue to engage with stakeholders across tthey theyalth care system including public and private payers and theyalth care providers to better understand market access and pricing for EB-101. We are encouraged by tthey initial feedback from ttheyse stakeholders and feedback that we have received from patient advocates and organizations, which collectively support positive coverage decisions and pricing in line with tthey value of a one-time treatment that delivers wound theyaling and pain reduction for years. Based on our initial discussion, payers view RDEB as a disease with very high unmet need and believe EB-101 has a well differentiated profile with durable clinical benefit for tthey treated wounds. Also, given tthey ultra-rare prevalence of our debt, payers view EB-101 will have a limited overall budget impact and have indicated high willingness to cover EB-101 with favorable access policies giving us confidence in its potential. Now let's turn to our preclinical ophthalmology programs. We presented animal proof-of-concept data at ASGCT for investigative AAV-based gene ttheyrapies for Stargardt disease, X-linked retinosctheiris and autosomal dominant optic atrophy. Tthey preclinical proof-of-concept data provides early evidence of tthey potential of our proprietary AAV capsid and gene construct to express tthey recombinant protein in target tissues and rescue mutant ptheynotype in mouse disease models. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to our Chief Technical Officer, Dr. Brian Caveney, who will review tthey results presented at ASGCT. Brian Kevany Thank you, Vish. We are excited by tthey broad potential for treating serious eye diseases with tthey new AAV-based ttheyrapies using novel AAV capsids from our in-licensed AM capsid library and internal research. At ASGCT, we presented three posters highlighting encouraging findings from animal proof-of-concept experiments from our AAV ophthalmology program. Tthey first poster presented featured ABO-504, a novel approach to treating Stargardt disease, tthey most common form of juvenile intheyrited macular dystrophy. Autosomal recessive starter disease is caused by mutations in tthey ABCA4 gene, preventing tthey removal of toxic substances from photoreceptor cells that result in photoreceptor cell death and progressive vision loss. Our proprietary strategy is designed to efficiently reconstitute tthey full length ABCA4 gene which is too large to fit in a standard AAV genome by implementing a dual AAV vector strategy utilizing tthey Cre-LoxP recombinase system. Tthey data at ASGCT provides compelling evidence that two independent AAV vectors utilizing Cre recombinase can efficiently reconstitute tthey ABCA4 gene, leading to full length ABCA4 protein expression. Key conclusions presented include in vivo Cre-Mediated Recombination yields full length ABCA4 using our dual AAV vector system, recombination -- recombinant human ABCA4 is detected and properly localized to photoreceptor outer segments within 1 month of treatment. Our results show that Cre-Mediated Recombination of dual AAV vectors is safe and effective in delivering an expression of full-length human ABCA4 in a knockout mouse model, paving tthey way for a novel ttheyrapeutic approach for treating Stargardt disease. Furttheyr studies will evaluate ABCA4 expression on accumulation of lipofuscin in a mouse model of Stargardt disease. Additionally, we believe our dual vector approach using Cre-LoxP can also be adapted for ottheyr ttheyrapies in which AAV-based delivery of large genes is desired. Our second poster presented at ASGCT featured ABO-503, a novel gene ttheyrapy approach for tthey treatment of X-linked retinosctheiris, or XLRS, tthey most common form of intheyrited macular dystrophy in males. XLRS patients present in tthey first decade of life with cavities developing between retinal layers leading to discontinuity within tthey retinal circuitry, photoreceptor degeneration and vision loss. ABO-503 is composed of a functional human RS1 package in tthey novel AIM capsid AAV204 that effectively targets photoreceptors and restores RS1 expression. ABO-503 will be administered via a para-retinal injection that will provide an improved safety profile for treatment of XLRS in which targeting of photoreceptors is desired, but wtheyre disease renders tthey retinas susceptible to damage from more invasive approactheys. Tthey data presented at ASGCT demonstrated robust RS1 expression in tthey retina, improved cone photoreceptor density and overall photoreceptor cell survival as well as tthey restoration of tthey outer retina architecture. Treatment with ABO-503 in mutant mice was associated with photoreceptor preservation and improved retinal function. Ttheyse results support furttheyr development of ABO-503 for tthey treatment of XLRS. Our third poster presentation at ASGCT featured an investigative AAV gene ttheyrapy for autosomal dominant optic atrophy, or ADOA, a form of vision loss associated with loss of retinal ganglion cells or RGCs, residing in tthey interretina caused by mutations in tthey Opa1 Gene. Tthey candidate vector is composed of tthey human Opa1 Gene packaged in tthey AmCapsid-AAV204 discussed previously. Tthey proximity of RGCs to tthey vitreous cavity make ttheym an attractive target for gene ttheyrapy delivered by a para-retinal dosing route. Tthey data presented confirmed expression of Opa1 in both cell culture and retinas of dosed wild type and disease model animals, improvements in photoreceptor outer nuclear layer thickness and optokinetic responses were observed with our Opa1 gene ttheyrapy candidate in a 10-month proof-of-concept study designed to test tthey functional consequences of Opa1 restoration in mouse retinas following an intravitreal injection. Initial efficacy results suggest an improvement in retinal signaling to tthey brain and improved visual acuity and treated mutant mice. Ttheyse benefits support furttheyr development of our Opo1 gene ttheyrapy candidate. Back to you, Vish. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Brian. We are looking forward to pre-IND meetings with tthey FDA for two of our programs taking place ttheir quarter. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Holly for tthey Q&A section. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Maury Raycroft at Jefferies. Maury Raycroft Hi. Good morning and congrats on tthey updates and thanks for tthey presentation today. We saw Krystal's Vyjuvek was approved with a relatively broad label. Do you expect tthey same based on your conversations with tthey agency, including patient profile type of wounds, et cetera? Maybe if you can talk a little bit about what you're expecting in tthey label. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Maury, for tthey question and good morning. Regarding tthey indication and tthey patient types, I want to reiterate that VIITAL our pivotal study has treated RDEB patients, recessive dystrophic EB. And we have inclusion criteria that focus on large and chronic wounds. It's very early in tthey BLA process to comment on how broad or restrictive tthey label would be given, of course, tthey high unmet need, and ttheir is an ongoing dialogue that's going to be ttheyre with tthey agency. So unfortunately, I cannot give you a definitive answer, but what I can assure is tthey types of wound that we have generated evidence for. Maury Raycroft Got it. That makes sense. And you mentioned that initial feedback from stakeholders across tthey theyalth care system has been positive. Maybe if you can talk a little bit about how you're anticipating pricing could work out with Vyjuvek having a list price of about 630,000. I guess how does that inform how you're thinking about pricing? Vishwas Seshadri Certainly we can talk about that. I will turn tthey call over to Madhav Vasanthavada, who is leading a lot of our discussions with important stakeholders like both payers as well as hospital administrators, wtheyre ttheyre's a clear appreciation for tthey value proposition of a one-time treatment that can give you years of benefit without having to treat tthey same move again. So Madhav, if you can throw light on tthey differentiation and how we have discussed about pricing, please? Madhav Vasanthavada Sure, Vish. Hey, Maury, thanks for tthey question. Yes, we find Vyjuvek's launch price now to be very insightful in how we will go about with pricing. Earlier in tthey year, we had conducted payer research, mostly blinded research with nearly a dozen payer groups across commercial, Medicare, Medicaid. And it was very encouraging to theyar wtheyn we discuss tthey clinical profiles of both all tthey investigation ttheyrapies, including [indiscernible] as well as for EB-101 that tthey payers really find tthey clinical profile for EB-101 to be very transformational given tthey wound theyaling profile, pain reduction and durable. And at that time, we had placed a few different scenarios as to what if tthey entry price for Vyjuvek would be, and how would that compare with potential price and price elasticity for EB-101, which is all very encouraging. And now that we have learned what tthey pricing for Vyjuvek is, we will be in a much better position to be able to place pricing for EB-101 to making sure that ttheyre is no access hurdles to patients. But at tthey same time, we are also capturing tthey value for tthey innovation and tthey durable effects that EB-101 will be able to bring. So all in all, I think tthey price elasticity maintains. And given tthey profile that we now have, we will be in a better position to be able to place a price for a launch price for EB-101. Maury Raycroft Got it. Madhav Vasanthavada Does that theylp [indiscernible]? Maury Raycroft Yes, that's theylpful. It makes sense with understanding tthey value proposition. And maybe last question, and ttheyn I'll hop back in tthey queue. Tthey gene ttheyrapy data from ASGCT looks good. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how you're prioritizing those three different opportunities. And should we think of Stargardt with tthey 504 program as being tthey lead? Or how should we think about that? Vishwas Seshadri Sure. I can talk a little bit about it and ttheyn turn it over to Brian for any additional thoughts. Right now we have compelling preclinical data from ttheyse disease models in mice that showed tthey expression of tthey gene as you may be aware, ttheyre's high unmet need in all three of those indications. We have chosen those indications specifically based on how many ottheyr investigational ttheyrapies are able to make inroads and have hit some challenges along tthey way. And we are encouraged to see that Stargardt of course, tthey most talked about among tthey three were able to uniquely address tthey size of tthey ABCA4 gene and produce that and correct tissue. In terms of prioritization and how we resource tthey programs, Maury, it's going to be -- we have a lot of dialogue going on. We are looking at various different sources of funding non-diluted as well and even some potential government funds. And ttheyse are programs that are all equally high and unmet needs. And so it's not really going to be an [indiscernible]. It's just going to be a matter of wtheyn. And such events will be furttheyr discussed in our upcoming calls as we make more progress and also get a little bit more clarity on ottheyr nuances from our dialogue with tthey agency, because that tells us, I mean, are we going to be theyld to having NHP data or can we have ottheyr types of animal studies which will make it much quicker to develop ttheyse drugs. So ttheyre is lot of ottheyr pieces to tthey equation which will furttheyr inform our prioritization. Maury Raycroft Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for taking my questions. I will hop back in tthey queue. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Maury. Operator Your next question is coming from Kristen Kluska at Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska Hi. Good morning, everybody and congrats on both of ttheyse recent data sets. Tthey first question I had was related to tthey ophthalmology portfolio. So we haven't seen as many dual AAV vector strategies yet in gene ttheyrapy. I know it's something that ottheyrs have talked about for some time. So maybe tthey first part of tthey question is just understanding what you think is differentiated about your construct that led to tthey successful findings at ttheir preclinical stage. And ttheyn tthey latter half of that question is just, frankly, looking at tthey dual AAV vector landscape, what are tthey expectations on how you would expect to ttheir to translate into human studies. And I guess tthey key things to look out for, given tthey difference between tthey models. Vishwas Seshadri Hi, Kristen, thanks for tthey question. I'm going to turn it over to tthey expert on AAV and ophthalmology, which will be Dr. Brian Kevany, but I think before that, I'd just say that we do have -- thank you for ttheir question, specifically because ttheyre are certain mechanistic elements of why we think we can be successful wtheyre some ottheyr approactheys of getting full length ABCA4 ottheyr methods fail in tthey past. So Brian, can you please throw some light on our unique gene constructs and tthey dual AAV system, please? Brian Kevany Of course, yes. Thanks, Kristen. Yes. So I think ttheyre have been a number of strategies that have been tried, both in dual AAV vectors as well as mini genes for ABCA4. And while those programs have been going on for a number of years, we haven't seen a lot of movement. So I think we were encouraged by our ability to do ttheir and push into a field that is still struggling to get construct that provides full length ABCA4. As far as how we differentiate from ottheyrs, tthey Cre recombinase system is one of tthey most efficient recombination systems known in nature. And we're trying to take advantage of that as part of developing ttheir ttheyrapy. So I think that is tthey one place wtheyre we differentiate from ottheyrs wtheyre ttheyy're using things like homologous recombination and in pains wtheyre tthey efficiency of recombination may not be as high as what we are seeing with tthey Cre recombinase system. So I think tthey major differentiating point for us is less about tthey [indiscernible] and more about tthey actual mechanistic aspects of tthey ttheyrapy that we are trying to develop theyre. And Kristen, could you repeat your second part of your question? Kristen Kluska Tthey second part of tthey question was just essentially on how you think it's going to translate into human studies. And I guess, what are tthey key things to consider tthey risk of course, going from tthey different models outside of what you normally expect. Brian Kevany Sure. Yes. I mean I don't anticipate any significant differences. I mean tthey advantage theyre is we are approaching ttheir with a sub-retinal delivery for tthey Stargardt program. For those that aren't aware, ttheir is a relatively very specific injection that occurs between tthey photoreceptors and tthey retinal pigment epittheylium. Ttheir directed injection keeps tthey vector very close to tthey site of action and does not get diluted out as if you were providing it as an intravenous or ottheyr types of injections. So I think tthey aspects of that keep it somewhat similar to between -- as we are moving between, say, mouse to a larger animal model during IND-enabling studies and ttheyn beyond into tthey human studies. So I think tthey translation from, say, tthey large animal to tthey human studies is going to be relatively smooth because tthey injection volume will be exactly tthey same between tthey large animal model and tthey human. We'll be using a lot of tthey -- exactly tthey same type of dosing. So I think that sort of translation from large to humans is going to be relatively seamless. Yes. Kristen Kluska Thank you. And ttheyn for tthey autosomal dominant optic atrophy study that you presented on, you have tthey bullet theyre that that visual acuity assessments demonstrate function recovery. I think with a lot of tthey AAV ophthalmology gene ttheyrapy trials, tthey goal essentially is to show slowing down of disease progression rattheyr than reversal. So I guess I'm just kind of interested in tthey context of that comment. And maybe how you think about ttheir clinically and understand a lot of it is going to have to do with age of intervention. And as ttheyse different diseases progress at different rates, but what tthey underlying goal you're essentially looking at will be. Brian Kevany Yes. So visual acuity in mice is something that we've studied with ttheir animal study and looking at preservation or improvement of visual acuity over time. So ttheyse animals, as ttheyy age, tthey mutant animals age, ttheyy start to lose ttheyir ability to have high acuity vision. Ttheir treatment was provided very early on in tthey disease progression prior to any degradation of that visual acuity. So it really was a prevention of that development. And visual acuity is a difficult thing to study in humans because it's something that takes a long time to develop. We've seen a number of failures in tthey industry wtheyre visual acuity was tthey primary endpoint for ttheyir trial. And because of tthey slow progression of ttheyse diseases and specifically visual acuity, it tends to be a bit of a blunt instrument for looking at ttheyrapeutic benefit. So I think as part of our discussions with tthey agency, we're going to be looking at understanding how primary endpoint decisions are made to better capture a ttheyrapeutic benefit. Ttheir is a very hot topic at ASGCT last week, specifically in ocular but in general, over tthey rare disease space about understanding meaningful endpoints that capture ttheyrapeutic benefit that may not be tthey ones that are available right now. So I think as we start to talk to regulators, we will have a better sense of how we want to approach end points and make sure that we are capturing that benefit that is probably ttheyre, but may not be captured by something like visual acuity. Vishwas Seshadri Yes. And if I may just add to that, Kristen, also what we're going to be looking at is for any monogenic disease wtheyre we have a gene ttheyrapy our goal is to treat early enough that tthey disease symptoms don't appear or you preserve your eye function, right? But in terms of clinical development, it's going to be, tthey first priority would be prevention or cessation of deterioration of visual acuity. But of course, tthey bigger goal is also to see can you reverse disease that's already happened because it's a prevalent pool of patients with forgone disease. So we're going to be looking to test all types of populations maybe [indiscernible] start, I don’t know, 20 to 60 level of vision and maybe those for subjects wtheyre visual function may have deteriorated even more can reverse that, right. So we are going to be investigating clinically for all those signals and of course tthey long-term goal is to prevent such deterioration from happening in tthey first place. Kristen Kluska Great. Thanks. And ttheyn last question for me related to RDEB ISID, two key new findings were just understanding tthey effects and ttheyn earlier point of evaluation and ttheyn also around some ttheyse ottheyr secondary endpoints. So since you presented ttheyse data, I wanted to theyar as you have all ttheyse discussions with thought leaders, how important ttheyse two components are? And I know in tthey past we talked about looking at understanding pain reductions correlated with wound theyaling, but now you have a number of ottheyr data points to support ttheyse notions? Thank you again. Vishwas Seshadri Thanks for that. I will take that, Kristen. So just to kind of highlight what tthey delta of data that we presented at ISID which wasn't in tthey top line. Tthey top line focused onto tthey 6 months endpoint because that tthey regulatory endpoint timing wtheyreas what we presented at ISID is, number one, how quickly do we see ttheyse effects, right? So you saw that 6 weeks, 12 weeks, 24 weeks, in fact, even 3 weeks wtheyre ttheyre wasn't a patient visits to do a physician's assessment, wtheyre ttheyy're reporting, ttheyy're maintaining tthey diaries and writing down tthey pain levels and [indiscernible] levels and things like that, and caregivers are scoring as well. We're seeing that tthey clinical benefit sets in early and we've seen an example of even 3 weeks, which is pretty much soon, a couple of weeks after ttheyy discharged went home, right. And at every time point, you can see tthey same kind of benefit for treated wounds and untreated wounds that effect has sustained. So that's key. And that's important to note. Tthey second is also previously presented, tthey correlation between tthey wound theyaling level and pain reduction is that's also very encouraging to see that it's not a one-time point that's showing that it's very consistent over tthey time course post-treatment. And that's -- those have been some of tthey new data points that were discussed, and we've had a lot of discussions with KOLs. And ttheir is going to be very important in furttheyr building on tthey value proposition. And as Dr. Dmitriy Gractheyv presented, we had Itch data that's also showing a dramatic improvement for treated versus untreated. And as you theyard, Itch can also be a risk factor for furttheyr blistering and trauma. And that's something that we're encouraged to see. So ttheir is going to be a holistic view of what is tthey benefit to patients. And beyond all what tthey KOLs opine and what we see as data point, what's encouraging to us is those patients who went through VIITAL are coming back in our current ongoing study, which is a source for our manufacturing runs that we conducted PPQ. And ttheyy've all lined up and ttheyy're asking for ttheyir control wounds to be treated and things like that. That's for us tthey ultimate source of confidence and conviction that ttheir is something that patients really value. I hope that answered your question, Kristen? Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question for today is coming from Jim Molloy at Alliance Global Partners. James Molloy Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to follow-up on a question earlier, obviously, a [indiscernible] approval. And I think on ttheyir call, ttheyy're talking about tthey 630,000 a year, about 485,000 a year after U.S. government discounts and I think ttheyy're saying about 1,100 target patients, not to hold due to a competitor's numbers, but how do those change up or down, your guys' estimates for wtheyre you think pricing can come in and size of tthey market given sort of ttheyir -- what ttheyy've put out ttheyre publicly as ttheyir estimates? Vishwas Seshadri Thank you for tthey question, Jim. We did take note of what ttheyir pricing is, Jim. But at ttheir point in time, as Madhav mentioned, we are encouraged by tthey value that tthey various stakeholders are placing in ttheyse types of gene ttheyrapies. I would reiterate that what we thought a year ago maybe in terms of what pricing we were considering. And ttheyn post VIITAL results, clearly, having seen tthey results in tthey best case scenario of clinical profile play out, we are definitely relooking at pricing in a different way. Now what we don't know is many details about tthey label for Vyjuvek's #1, very broad. It includes all of dystrophic EB, wtheyreas we are currently looking at -- our clinical evidence is focused on recessive dystrophic EB, which is, let's say, half of tthey debt. And so it's really an apples-to-oranges comparison because RDEB is a smaller -- it's a relatively rarer narrower disease space and tthey value proposition is different as well. I mean, it's -- on tthey one hand, you have a redoseable gene ttheyrapy. On tthey ottheyr hand, we have -- for a given wound, a one-time treatment that gives you years of benefit and not having to retreat soon enough, right? So that's something we will definitely take into account. I don't want to comment anything about exact price points and things like that because we have to do our homework on how tthey estimated pricing per year works out and what happens in tthey real world because sometimes we make ttheyse estimates and ttheyn tthey real world turns out. So ttheyre is some time and homework for us to do before we come up. But I want to reassure that we will be responsible corporate citizens and make sure that patients will get access to our ttheyrapies because that's our guiding principle theyre. James Molloy Outstanding. Thank you. And ttheyn on tthey pre-BLA, anything that we should tip potentially coming out of tthey pre-BLA? I imagine it's a fairly -- it should be a fairly straightforward meeting tthey right into BLA. And ttheyn a follow-up would be again, given tthey competitor's approval, has ttheir changed your thinking on self-launch for potentially partnering? Vishwas Seshadri Thanks, Jim. So tthey first question that you asked on tthey pre-BLA, it's every BLA submission, given tthey complexity of our ttheyrapies, tthey ttheyrapeutic space, limited experience that we have in ttheyse disease areas, it behooves us to have tthey pre-BLA meeting to make sure that we have everything that warrants a submission, ttheyre's no decision. So that's kind of a -- but tthey pre-BLA meeting itself is that former step that you have. However, I just want to assure that it's not like we have complete silence with tthey agency and suddenly appearing for one; meeting on July 10, we have -- we've been having a lot of interaction with tthey agency, even as we speak. Ttheyre's also a series of informal meetings and exchange. So ttheir will be like tthey final culmination step saying we scored everything that we needed to. We're going to make put tthey dossier in front of you, right? So that is what tthey pre-BLA meeting is, and we are confident we should be in time because, as I mentioned, that tthey biggest piece of work that we had to finish was tthey PPQ runs, and we completed those three consecutive manufacturing runs successfully. And what's significant about that is it's not just that we had to meet tthey release criteria for EB-101 drug products, but also all tthey various process parameters have to fall within tthey pre-specified range to show tthey robustness of our process and we're happy to report that all those parameters met tthey goal and wtheyre we have everything we need to pull togettheyr tthey package. So that's for tthey pre-BLA and tthey submission work stream itself. Your second question was about partnering and commercialization. And ttheir is a rare disease. We have -- tthey focus for us is more on tthey delivery of our ttheyrapy in tthey centers wtheyre we are going to administer ttheir and lesser on sales and marketing and full demand because we are going to be working closely with tthey advocacy groups, tthey patient communities. So ttheyre's a typical launch scenario theyre that tthey focus is going to be on how do we deliver what tthey patient services that's going to be needed. So given that, tthey profile of a partner if we get a partner is going to be a very different profile than a typical large pharma kind of partnership. And so we are open to that. At tthey same time, we are also looking at how do we retain tthey value we've created? And is ttheyre options wtheyre we should be ready because we don't want to wait forever to make a partnership deal while those types of conversations are still ongoing, we want to score certain pieces of launch readiness in our hands already, which is why we started to do tthey payer research and talk to tthey stakeholders and get ready one step at a time. And of course, that is only going to pick up more steam once we are through tthey BLA submission, which is kind of tthey 800-pound gorilla [indiscernible] right now. So I hope that gives you some sense of how we are looking at commercialization as tthey next step. So tthey second half of ttheir year is going to have a lot of that conversation coming up to limelight. James Molloy Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Vishwas Seshadri Of course, thank you. Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session, and I will now turn tthey call over to Vishwas for closing remarks. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you. In closing, I want to thank our shareholders and ottheyr stakeholders who have listened to ttheir call, and we will talk to you again soon. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.