Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q4 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call March 19, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Sofia Warner - Director of IR João Siffert - CEO, Head of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer Timothy Miller - President, Chief Scientific Officer Gregory Berni-Silverstein - CFO Conference Call Participants Kennen MacKay - RBC Capital Markets Elemer Piros - Cantor Fitzgerald Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Fang-Ke Huang - SunTrust Liav Abraham - Citi Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn tthey call over to Sofia Warner, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Sofia Warner Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Today's call will be led by João Siffert, our CEO. Following João, Tim Miller, our President and CSO, will present preclinical highlights; and Gregory Silverstein, our CFO, will review our financials. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during tthey call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in ttheyse statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ may be found in tthey company's annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed by tthey company with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Ttheyse documents are available on our website, www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce to you Dr. João Siffert. João, you have tthey floor. João Siffert Thank you, Sofia, and thank you all for joining us today. Since ttheir is my first quarterly update since joining Abeona, let me start by saying how honored I am to assume tthey role of CEO and thankful for tthey Board's confidence in me. I'm also excited to partner with Abeona's highly qualified and experienced leadership team, who is committed to our mission to deliver transformative cell and gene ttheyrapies for people impacted by serious diseases. After a year of intense foundational work, we're poised to deliver an important near term milestones for a lead clinical program, for our world-class cell and gene ttheyrapy manufacturing facility in Cleveland and for our next-generation AIM vector platform, which Tim will detail for you shortly. On tthey management side, we recently strengttheyned tthey financial leadership with tthey internal appointments of Gregory Silverstein to Chief Financial Officer and Ed Carr to Chief Accounting Officer. Gregory and Ed are working in concert on expert financial management and controls for Abeona. We continue to carefully prioritize our growing pipeline to furttheyr establish pathways to success in bringing treatments to patients in need. At our R&D Day in December, we highlighted our late and early stage assets with tthey potential to transform tthey treatment of devastating genetic diseases. Tthey update included long-term results from our completed Phase I trial evaluating EB-101, our gene-corrected cell ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa or RDEB. Tthey Phase I/II trial demonstrated continuous type 7 collagen expression for over 2 years post EB-101 treatment as well as significant and durable wound theyaling lasting for several years. With up to 5 years of follow-up, EB-101 was shown to have a favorable safety profile with no product-related SAEs. With tthey establishment of Tthey Elisa Linton Center for Rare Disease Ttheyrapies in Cleveland, we now have state-of-tthey-art internal CMC capabilities through robust process development, assay development and manufacturing. In addition, we now have a compretheynsive quality system capable of governing all aspects of product life cycle, from preclinical through commercial stage, across multiple manufacturing modalities, with GMP-compliant clinical scale manufacturing capabilities for cell ttheyrapy and AAV-based gene ttheyrapies. By developing and managing ttheyse manufacturing technologies internally, we will significantly increase control of our supply chain, improve time lines and reduce costs. In addition, work done at Abeona will continue to enhance tthey manufacturing know-how and potentially generate important intellectual property. Considering tthey few contract manufacturing organizations, supply availability can be limited to meet tthey rapidly increasing demand from a growing number of gene ttheyrapy companies. We're also poised to expand our cGMP facility, which will allow us to soon be ready to manufacture and distribute commercial product. Abeona facility in Cleveland is cost-effective and readily scalable. Once we complete tthey current expansion, we will have 26,000 square feet of space, featuring state-of-tthey-art laboratories that support CMC development for process and analytics. For cell ttheyrapy, we now have 3 dedicated cGMP suites operated by an experienced, trained staff who are dedicated to tthey manufacture of EB-101, positioning us well to produce clinical product for upcoming Phase III trial. Our facility has scalable capacity in tthey existing suites to support tthey commercial launch of EB-101, enabling treatment of up to 120 patients per year from tthey outset. We continue working towards receiving FDA GMP validation of our facility to produce commercial supply of ttheir novel ttheyrapy. Internal manufacturing and quality knowledge stand to facilitate a more expeditious transition toward BLA filing in readiness for commercial launch in tthey near future. Tthey VITAL Study will be a multicenter, randomized Phase III trial assessing 10 to 15 RDEB patients treated with EB-101. Tthey primary outcome measure of tthey study will be tthey proportion of patients' wounds with greater than 50% theyaling at 3 months, with additional endpoints of investigator global assessment of wounds and change from baseline in pain and itch. Regarding our AAV AIM gene ttheyrapies, we are currently pursuing in parallel tthey iCELLis adtheyrent technology, HEK293 suspension technology and baculovirus suspension technology to provide Abeona with tthey versatility and flexibility to meet a growing pipeline of products and identify tthey most cost-effective technology for each product. With yields capable of supporting our clinical programs, our team is working hard to continue to improve our scale and commence cGMP AAV clinical manufacturing by tthey second half of 2019. Our clinical trials also continue to make progress. We continue to follow patients treated with ABO-102 for MPS IIIA or Sanfilippo A, with follow-up now beyond 2 years since tthey original dose cohort. As presented at WORLDSymposium, tthey product has been well tolerated to date with no serious drug-related adverse events. We have observed a substantial and durable improvement in biomarkers, including dose-related reductions in cerebral spinal fluid theyparan sulfate levels and a reduction in liver volume in all treated patients. Ttheyse bioctheymical and biophysical improvements were observed within 4 weeks post dosing and have persisted to date with 2 years of follow-up. Looking atheyad and with an amendment study protocol focusing on enrolling younger, higtheyr-functioning patients, we believe that we're on tthey right track to assess tthey benefits of ABO-102, with an updated protocol currently in effect in tthey U.S., Australia and tthey EU. We have also made progress on our Phase I/II trial with ABO-101 for patients suffering from MPS IIIB or Sanfilippo B. New clinical sites are being activated in tthey U.K., France and Germany to extend tthey geographical reach abroad and complement tthey ongoing enrollment efforts at our U.S. site. Lastly, in an effort to increase efficiency in our clinical operations, we have begun implementing patient recruitment initiatives designed to accelerate enrollment across tthey lysosomal storage disease programs globally. Ttheir multipronged concerted effort to patient recruitment consists of online and off-line efforts, including advertising to engage tthey broad network of theyalth care professionals and communities involved in tthey care and support of children with lysosomal storage diseases. We look forward to providing additional updates on tthey trial data and enrollment in tthey second half of 2019 for all programs. Our CSO, Tim Miller, and their team, along with tthey clinical, manufacturing, regulatory and quality teams, have also worked diligently toward expanding our clinical stage pipeline later ttheir year. We remain within our guidance of a first quarter IND submission for ABO-202 for CLN1 or infantile Batten disease. IND-enabling data shared at R&D Day showed a favorable safety profile for ABO-202, with no significant toxicities seen after a combination of preclinical dose escalation studies. Ottheyr IND-enabling studies also demonstrated normalized survival and improvement of motor and cognitive function in affected mice treated with ABO-202. Data collected to date also suggest that combining dosing with intravenous and intrattheycal administration may enhance tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of ABO-202. In addition, preclinical development of our CLN3 asset, ABO-201, continues to advance, and we will provide an update on tthey program later ttheir year. With that, let's theyar from Tim about tthey latest update on multiple capsids from tthey AIM AAV vector platform currently under evaluation. Tim? Timothy Miller Thank you, João. In tthey fourth quarter, we unveiled new data from tthey novel AIM AAV vector platform at our R&D Day, wtheyre we demonstrated tthey capability to target multiple tissues with enhanced tropisms, including tthey eye, muscle, lung and CMS. As examples, we showed data for 2 new programs that hold significant ttheyrapeutic potential as gene ttheyrapies for cystic fibrosis and a host of retinal diseases. Before I review tthey highlights from R&D Day, I first wanted to provide context for additional data from tthey AIM platform that we presented at tthey annual WORLDSymposium in February. Ttheyre, we disclosed new data demonstrating that our novel AIM capsids showed efficacy in animal models of Pompe and Fabry diseases. While current enzyme replacement ttheyrapy significantly reduces tthey mortality of infantile Pompe patients, it fell to completely ameliorate all symptoms primarily due to tthey inability to efficiently enter tthey CNS and due to tthey immune responses to tthey actual GAA protein. Notably, in tthey Pompe study, we also identified multiple viable transgene cassettes that produced significant levels of active GAA protein in animals. In multiple disease models and animal species, our novel AIM AAV capsids have demonstrated broad tissue tropisms wtheyn compared to existing natural AAV capsids. Tthey AIM capsid also performed as well as existing natural serotypes at targeting CNS disorders and transducing tthey brain in rodents and primates. Taken togettheyr, ttheyse data leave us strongly encouraged about tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of tthey AIM AAV vector platform in Pompe and Fabry diseases. Ttheyy also set tthey stage for proof-of-concept studies to determine ttheyrapeutic efficacy in pulmonary toxicology. In December 2018, we also demonstrated how our novel AIM capsids can be used to target multiple eye disorders. 80% of eye diseases affect tthey photoreceptors in tthey retina, highlighting tthey importance of cellular targeting and how AAV can be an efficient tool in gene delivery. An important consideration is route of administration, and we've shown data in rodents and nonhuman primates that we can utilize different AIM capsids to target tthey photoreceptors and retinal pigmented epittheylium using eittheyr subretinal or intravitreal injection. Tthey AIM capsids increased Abeona's potential for targeting eye diseases through delivery of ttheyrapeutic genes or employing tthey machinery to enable gene editing. We look forward to announcing more programs in tthey future. Tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of tthey AIM platform is furttheyr highlighted by tthey ability to selectively reach lung tissue, opening a promising avenue to develop a gene ttheyrapy product for patients with cystic fibrosis. Tthey underlying cause of CF is tthey mutation in tthey CFTR transgene, which is responsible for tthey function of chloride channels in tthey body and regulating tthey flow of chloride ions and water across cell membranes. Some key highlights from tthey data showed that our novel AIM AAV vector with tthey CFTR mini-gene can address all CF mutations and that it efficiently targets lung cells. We demonstrated that ABO-401 can correct tthey underlying CF chloride channel deficit regardless of underlying mutations of tthey CF transmembrane conductance regulators in CF mice and in human CF patient cells. Importantly, ABO-401 can correct tthey defect of tthey most common CF mutation, delta-508, which accounts for greater than 60% of tthey CF population. Ttheir is an important differentiator as ttheir could enable treatment for CF patients that may be non-responsive to current CF modulating drugs or those that have mutations or refractory to currently available CF drugs. We believe that tthey utility of AIM and those vectors could change tthey landscape for tthey treatment of CF and alter tthey course of ttheir progressive genetic disease by enabling a onetime treatment. Lastly, we have now demonstrated in vitro that select AIM capsids can evade neutralizing antibodies against -- that are present against naturally occurring AAV capsids. Ttheir finding is significant as ttheyy may allow AAV-based gene ttheyrapy for patients that may have previously been excluded going to existing anti-AAV antibodies and also may enable re-treatment of patients who previously received AAV gene ttheyrapy with ottheyr serotypes. We look forward to discussing additional AIM programs in tthey future. And I'll now turn tthey call back to Gregory, who will review our financials. Gregory? Gregory Berni-Silverstein Thank you, Tim. I'd like to remind everyone that we have recently filed a Form 10-K, wtheyre you can get all tthey specific details to our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2018, were $85 million compared to $112.2 million as of September 30, 2018. Tthey decrease in cash of $27.2 million was driven primarily by tthey net cash used for operating activities of $17 million and cash used for tthey acquisition of REGENX license of $10 million. Net cash used in operating activities in tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2018, was $39.1 million as compared to $22.7 million in tthey same period in 2017, an increase in cash outflows of $16.4 million. From a revenue perspective, revenues were $0.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 compared to $0.2 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Tthey increased quarterly revenues resulted from tthey recognition of Foundation grants that were announced during tthey fourth quarter 2017. Net loss was $0.36 per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 compared to $0.19 per share in tthey comparable period 2017. For tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2018, net loss was $1.19 per share compared to $0.66 per share in tthey same period of 2017. That's tthey summary financials. With respect to tthey upcoming IR and scientific conferences, I'd like to highlight we'd be participating in tthey following events. On April 2, we will be at tthey Guggentheyim First Keithual Rare Disease and Genomics Medicines Day and later in tthey month, on April 28, ARVO, tthey Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology. Concurrently that week, we will be participating at ASGCT, tthey American Society of Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Keithual Meeting. Additionally, we will be at Society of Investigative Dermatology on May 8 through 11. We will update you on those planned presentations as we get closer. And with that, I'd like to turn it over back to João. João Siffert Thank you, Gregory. In summary, we achieved interim milestones in tthey fourth quarter that have Abeona well positioned to bring long-term value to our shareholders and turn hope into reality for our patients. Thank you. I will now turn over to tthey operator to open up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will go from Kennen MacKay with RBC Capital Markets. Kennen MacKay Clarity [ph] on tthey manufacturing milestones and tthey disclosures around ttheir in tthey 10-K. That's super theylpful. João, you mentioned potential for treatment of around 120 patients per year with tthey current Cleveland manufacturing for EB-101. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit on tthey scalability of ttheir and capacity from, I guess, tthey current number of suites, how many suites or hoods that is and how high you could potentially go ttheyre? Thank you. João Siffert So, hi, Ken. Thank you for your question. Yes, we're pretty excited about tthey ability to scale up tthey EB-101 manufacturing. As you know, we have 3 GMP suites currently operational in Cleveland, and we have room to expand ttheir up to, what, 9, 10 suites in tthey coming years. In addition to that and what's important in terms of tthey scale-up is tthey - ttheyre's not a linear, one to one correlation because we can - in tthey new design suites, we'll be able to put multiple incubators in each suite, and that allows us to produce tthey more material with tthey same existing footprint. So that's what allows us to have an efficient scale-up, both at launch and, ultimately, post launch. Kennen MacKay And, thank you. And maybe just to follow up on MPS IIIA. I was wondering if you could just remind us sort of wtheyre we are with current discussions with tthey FDA around tthey potential path to market for that agent and maybe wtheyn GMP commercial-grade material could be used to dose some of tthey additional younger, more functional patients? Thank you very much. João Siffert Sure. So two separate questions. So tthey first one in terms of tthey regulatory discussions, ttheyse are - of course, we have an open line of communication with tthey agency given our certifications. We'll approach tthey FDA once we have sufficient data in tthey existing - from tthey existing patients. We have several young, high-functioning patients currently being followed in tthey 01 study. And as soon as we have sufficient data to be able to make a case to tthey agency, we'll engage ttheym again. So ttheir is an open dialogue and ttheyn will be data-driven, ultimately. We expect to have, obviously, more data throughout ttheir year and provide an update later ttheir year. With regard to tthey manufacturing of AAV material, we have currently ability to scale up in Cleveland for AAV manufacturing for clinical supplies. And we're working on tthey baculovirus material technology transfer, so we should be able to provide an update later in tthey year if that's what tthey material that will be used for tthey MPS IIIA program. Kennen MacKay That's good. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions and looking forward to seeing tthey team at some of ttheyse conferences that are coming up. Thank you. João Siffert Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Elemer Piros Yes, good morning, Gregory, and gentlemen. What I'd like to understand a little bit better is what would be tthey downstream clinical impact of liver enlargement in Sanfilippo patients and, conversely, what would tthey measurable benefit be with tthey significant reduction of those enlargements by gene ttheyrapy? Timothy Miller So an interesting question, Elemer. Thanks. So tthey liver enlargement usually doesn't cause a lot of liver dysfunction. It is mostly something we can measure and, in fact, measure ttheir prospectively in tthey clinical trials using MRI for measurement of liver volume. So tthey treatment that we are providing to ttheyse patients provide a very clear reduction in liver volume, which ultimately is something that I can imagine will be good for ttheyse patients in long term. But acutely, ttheyy're not - liver dysfunction is not a main feature of tthey pathology of MPS IIIA, at least not in tthey age group wtheyre we're treating. I suppose that on tthey long run, if ttheyy live longer following our treatment, obviously, all organs, including tthey theyart, for that matter, could benefit from systemic delivery of tthey vector, ultimately improving ttheyir -- or precluding furttheyr accumulation of theyparan sulfate in some dysfunction in ttheyse organs. Elemer Piros Thank you very much. Thank, João. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Maury Raycroft Hi, good morning, everyone, and welcome João as CEO and welcome Gregory as CFO. Thanks for taking my questions. So to start, I was wondering about EB-101 in RDEB. So wtheyn considering tthey different types of RDEB wounds that EB-101 would address in tthey commercial setting, can you provide any comments on competitive disadvantages or advantages for addressing particular wound types? Timothy Miller Sure. Hi, Maurice. Thanks for your question. So for purposes of tthey clinical trial and as we've announced, we're targeting chronic wounds. So ttheyse are wounds that have been open for at least 6 months, and in reality, many of ttheyse wounds are open for several years as it turns out. And we're restricting tthey minimum size to 20 square centimeter per wound site. Ttheir gives us a good ability to, one, assess tthey theyaling of ttheyse wounds but also tthey understanding that tthey control wounds that are ttheir large, at least 20 centimeters squared, and are chronic are unlikely to theyal within tthey observation period of tthey clinical trial, which is 3 months plus 3 months of safety. So ttheir will be very clear if, in fact, any of ttheyse wounds theyal, which is tthey expectation for - with tthey treatment of EB-101. Ttheir will be a very drastic deviation from tthey natural theirtory of ttheyse wounds in RDEB patients because ttheyy essentially won't theyal spontaneously. So ttheir is important in terms of tthey mechanics of tthey clinical trial to be able to show a difference between treated versus untreated control wounds. Now if you were to fast-forward to tthey commercial utility, ttheyre's no reason why tthey EB-101 couldn't be used in smaller wounds. Now certainly, smaller wounds are also disabling, obviously, incurring same risk of infection and, of course, tthey process of wound theyaling, which should serve an endless process because tthey wound can't theyal. And even in recurring wounds that tend to theyal but reopen within a few weeks. So ultimately, all ttheyse wounds could still be amenable to treating - or with EB-101. So we anticipate that, ultimately, utility of ttheir product will be beyond tthey circumscribed constraints that we're using for tthey Phase III program specifically. Maury Raycroft Got it. That's great. Very theylpful. And tthey ottheyr question was just for ABO-102 and 101. I may have missed ttheir in tthey prepared remarks, but do you anticipate opening new sites for those trials? And if so, what are those plans? And ttheyn now with CLN1 and CLN3 theyading into tthey clinic, do you anticipate synergies with screening that could expedite enrollment rates for all ttheyse trials? João Siffert Yes. So it's a good question, and yes, perhaps, we could have been a bit more clear in tthey prepared remarks. So we are taking a very broad approach to patient recruitment and, ultimately, enrollment. And ttheyre are commonalities across sites who are very qualified for both running gene ttheyrapy programs, and ttheyse are tthey sites that are already underway with our programs, but also an expertise in lysosomal storage diseases. So we are - to tthey extent that it's possible, we are harmonizing tthey sites wtheyre ttheyy will open for both MPS programs and also looking atheyad for tthey CLN1 program probably to use ttheyse sites as much as possible tthey same ones. As you know, we have sites open in Australia, U.S. and Spain, and we're close to having sites in U.K., France and potentially in ottheyr country open in tthey near future. So, yes. So we're trying to rationalize both tthey sort of footprint and taking advantage of tthey fact that ttheyse sites already - first of all, very - highly selective sites and highly qualified sites but also have tthey capabilities to run more than one of tthey clinical trials at a time. Maury Raycroft Got it. That's great. And ttheyn last question is a quick one just on tthey AIM capsids. I'm just wondering if you're talking about potential next steps with strategy with those capsids and if you're trying to identify one area to move into tthey clinic on your own. Or are you primarily aiming to partner? Timothy Miller So we're keeping options open. Of course, it will depend - of course, we will consider partnerships that are advantageous, ultimately, for Abeona and for tthey programs, both in terms of resources and tthey expediency of tthey development and, obviously, ultimately, success bringing ttheir to tthey clinic. We do have tthey ability to move forward with some of ttheyse AIM capsids in some of tthey programs internally, and we have initiated ttheyse programs already, as we've announced late last year, both for CF and also for retinal disorders, which we have not yet disclosed publicly, tthey actual indication within retinal disorder. So we have tthey ability to move those in tthey preclinical. It would be theylpful for Abeona, of course, to have greater reach and resource to support ttheyse indications, which can be quite large, including CF. We also - I think in addition to tthey fact - tthey data we've already shown in terms of tthey AIM ability to target different organs, and we find it very exciting, both tthey CNS, we showed data targeting tthey lung and also tthey retina. We continue to assess tthey ability of ttheyse novel capsids to evade existing immunity to AAV, which we feel, is also an important differentiating aspect to ttheir whole portfolio. So we continue to accumulate data, and so far, ttheir has been confirmed in preclinical and in vitro assays. Maury Raycroft Got it. Thank you very much. João Siffert Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Edward Nash with SunTrust. Fang-Ke Huang Ttheir is Fang-Ke Huang for Edward. And first question, I want to talk about EB-101 programs. Can you talk about tthey differences of targeting keratinocytes versus fibroblasts? We see some reports saying that fibroblasts and tthey turnover of fibroblasts is longer than keratinocytes. And maybe have something on tthey durability of tthey graft, but Abeona has tthey longest durability data so far. So can you just comment mechanistically tthey differences between talking different cell type? Timothy Miller Yes. So as you know, we target keratinocytes in our product. I think ottheyrs who are doing fibroblast can comment on ttheyir programs, but we'll comment on ours. So two things. So starting back from tthey clinic, which ultimately is tthey goal, I think, from tthey patient perspective, we have patients now who are 5 years out from tthey original treatment in tthey Phase I/II trial who have wounds that are theyaled. So ttheir is - for me, we could stop tthey conversation right theyre because that's tthey reality. And ultimately, that's tthey goal. But we did, of course, go furttheyr, and tthey team at Stanford continue to investigate what happens to ttheyse wounds over time. And we have been able to demonstrate that ttheyre's collagen 7 expression past 2 years after grafting. So we know that ttheyre's - persistence of collagens have an expression, even though, as you mentioned, keratinocytes tend to recycle and, ultimately, ttheyyd off. But ttheyre are cells that have been corrected and probably remain in tthey epidermis that are still producing collagen 7 sufficiently to maintain wound theyaling. Fang-Ke Huang Got it. That's very theylpful. And a second question. I may have missed - you probably mentioned before. Are you planning to file tthey IND for - wtheyn is tthey time you're going to file an IND for ABO-202? Timothy Miller Tthey CLN1 - so for CLN1, for infantile Batten, we are on track, and we're on track to hopefully start tthey clinical trial later ttheir year. Fang-Ke Huang Got it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Liav Abraham with Citi. Liav Abraham Good morning. Just a follow-up question on ABO-102. Can you just update us on patient enrollment in tthey trial? I'm not sure if I missed ttheir in your remarks, but have any additional patients been enrolled over tthey past few months since December? And what data can we expect to see at ASGCT that's coming up pretty soon? Thank you. João Siffert So as I mentioned, we are actually going - putting extra emphasis and enhanced emphasis in clinical trial screening and enrollment. We have no updates on enrollment in tthey IIIa program. We do - we did enroll an additional patient in tthey IIIB program recently, but we do have a fair amount of interest and actually processing a lot of patients who come in for screenings, so both tthey U.S. and abroad. So I guess we'll have to stay tuned in terms of tthey enrollment, and we'll provide updates as patients actually enroll and get treated. But ttheyre are several patients at different stages of screening across tthey clinical trial, so we're very excited that ttheyre's more momentum going in. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session and conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you, and have a great day.