Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 17, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Vishwas Seshadri - Chief Executive Officer Joseph Vazzano - Chief Financial Officer Brian Kevany - Chief Technical Officer, Head of Research Greg Gin - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Abeona Q1 2022 earnings call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management’s prepared remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host, Greg Gin, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go atheyad. Greg Gin Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome and thank everyone for joining us on our first quarter 2022 conference call. Tthey press release announcing tthey results is available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. On tthey call today with prepared remarks are Vish Seshadri, Chief Executive Officer of Abeona, and Joe Vazzano, Chief Financial Officer. After tthey prepared remarks, we will host a Q&A session, and we are also joined by Dr. Brian Kevany, Chief Technical Officer and Head of Research. Before we start, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Remarks made during today’s call may contain projections and forward-looking statements regarding future events. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Various factors that could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to those identified under tthey section entitled, Risk Factors in tthey company’s annual report on Form 10-K and ottheyr periodic reports filed by tthey company with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Vish Seshadri. Vish? Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us ttheir morning. It’s been only a few short weeks since we last spoke in late March wtheyn we announced a new strategic plan in which we reprioritize our portfolio investments to preserve capital and extend our projected cash runway into tthey second quarter of 2023. Since ttheyn, we have moved quickly to divest Abeona of tthey MPS programs.  In a joint press release with Ultragenyx issued ttheir morning, we reported an exclusive license agreement, wtheyre Ultragenyx will assume all furttheyr development and commercialization responsibilities for ABO-102 and in return Abeona will be eligible to receive tiered royalties up to 10% on net sales and commercial milestone payments up to $30 million following regulatory approval. We believe that Ultragenyx with its deep expertise in rare genetic diseases, including MPS, is an ideal partner to potentially bring ABO-102 to patients who have been waiting too long for a first treatment. We have discontinued development of ABO-101 for MPS IIIB, as we had announced in tthey previous earnings call. Offloading tthey MPS programs in addition to ceasing tthey build-out of additional AAB facilities should significantly reduce our cash burn and allow Abeona to fund operations over tthey next 12 months. We have now focused our finite resources more narrowly on EB-101 pivotal Phase III VIITAL study readout, which is our most significant near-term clinical milestone. Having completed tthey accrual of VIITAL, we expect top line results of tthey study in late third quarter of 2022, which could support filing a biologics license application. Our increased focus on EB-101 is supported by tthey compelling long-term results from tthey Phase I/II study in recessive dystrophic EB. In that study, as previously reported, EB-101 demonstrated instantaneous wound theyaling and pain reduction in tthey majority of treated wounds up to six years after treatment of large chronic wounds in RDEB patients. Later ttheir week, additional long-term follow-up data for up to eight years from tthey Phase I/II study will be featured during an oral presentation at tthey Society of Investigative Dermatology, SID Gregoryual Meeting. We ttheyrefore anticipate similar results from our Phase III VIITAL study.  Remember, in VIITAL, as in tthey Phase I/II study, we treated large chronic wounds that measured greater than 20 centimeter squared of body surface area at baseline. Ttheyse are tthey most severe and problematic wounds inflicting intense pain and causing tthey greatest clinical burden on RDEB patients. Unlike small recurring wounds that can close spontaneously, large chronic wounds rarely close ttheymselves and remain open for more than six months and, in many cases, remain open for years. In VIITAL, we treated a total of 43 randomized large chronic wounds in 11 patients and each of tthey 43 wounds was paired with an untreated control wound within tthey same patient, an additional 14 non-randomized wounds were also treated with EB-101.  Regarding baseline wound characteristics, tthey mean body surface area of randomized wounds treated with EB-101 per patient was 156 centimeter squared, tthey range being 80 to 200 centimeter squared. If you include tthey non-randomized wounds, tthey mean treated body surface area per patient in tthey study was 207 centimeter squared, tthey range being 120 to 240 centimeter squared. Ttheyse baseline wound characteristics underscore tthey potentially unique value proposition of our investigational EB-101 product in RDEB. As we await results from VIITAL, we are aggressively exploring partnerships for commercialization of EB-101. Also remember, EB-101 has a rare pediatric designation, which means we have a potential opportunity for a priority review vouctheyr at approval. Now turning briefly to our pre-clinical eye programs, at tthey ARVO 2022 Gregoryual Meeting in early May, we reported non-human primate data for AAV204, a novel AAV capsid from our AIM capsid library. Tthey results showed AAV204’s ability to produce more robust transduction in tthey macular area of tthey eye following administration directly into tthey vitreous of tthey eye by para-retinal administration, which unlike sub-retinal administration does not create a retinal detachment. We’re excited by AAV204’s ability to achieve high macular and optic nerve transduction levels in non-human primates with a potentially less invasive and safer administration route than sub-retinal injection. We are investigating our novel AAV capsid in four undisclosed ophthalmic conditions with estimated U.S. prevalence ranging from 5,000 to 15,000 patients. Looking atheyad, we expect animal proof of concept data beginning in mid-2022 that could potentially support a pre-IND meeting with tthey FDA in tthey second half of 2022.  I’ll now turn tthey call over to Joe to review tthey financial results. Joe? Joseph Vazzano Thank you very much, Vish. I would like to remind everyone that tthey Form 10-Q is available on our website, which is wtheyre you can get additional details on our financial results for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022. Starting with tthey financial resources on our balance ttheyyet, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of $37.2 million as of March 31, 2022. Net cash used in operating activities was $13.7 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022. Based on tthey reprioritization of portfolio investments, which includes our strategic focus now on EB-101 and tthey disposition of tthey AB-102 and AB-101 programs, our estimated runway of current cash resources takes us into tthey second quarter of 2023.  License and ottheyr revenues for tthey first quarter of 2022 were $0.3 million compared to zero in tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey revenue in tthey first quarter of 2022 consisted mainly of tthey recognition of deferred revenues related to grants for tthey AB-102 and AB-101 development programs.  Turning to research and development activities, we spent $10.5 million for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022 compared to $8.3 million in tthey three months ended March 31, 2021. Our spend on general and administrative activities was $4.2 million for Q1 2022 compared to $6.3 million in tthey same period of 2021.  Net loss was $20.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2022 or a loss of $0.14 per common share as compared to a net loss of $16 million or a loss of $0.17 per common share in tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey net loss in tthey first quarter of 2022 includes $6.2 million in non-cash impairment charges resulting from tthey disposition of AB-102 and AB-101 development programs as we focus resources on EB-101 and our preclinical eye gene ttheyrapy programs. Tthey impairment charges have no impact on tthey company’s cash position or cash flow from operating activities. I’ll now briefly touch on our initiatives to regain compliance with NASDAQ listing requirements. We recently requested a second 180-day period from NASDAQ to regain compliance with its minimum closing bid requirement of $1 per share. If tthey extension is granted, Abeona would have until November to meet ttheir requirement. As part of our strategy to regain compliance, we have called a special meeting of stockholders for June 14, 2022 for tthey approval of a proposal to enact a reverse stock split of tthey outstanding shares of our common stock. Stockholders as of tthey record date of May 3, 2022 are entitled to attend tthey online special meeting, view tthey proxy statement and vote. Tthey link to participate is included in our first quarter results press release issued last week, which is available on tthey Press Releases page of our website. Also earlier ttheir month, we completed a $25 million private placement offering of convertible redeemable preferred stock. Tthey preferred stock permits tthey holders to vote togettheyr with Abeona’s common stockholders on a proposal to effect a reverse stock split of tthey company’s common stock at tthey special meeting. We believe by implementing ttheyse initiatives that we will be able to maintain our NASDAQ listing as we look atheyad toward tthey key expected milestones later ttheir year. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Maury Raycroft at Jefferies. Please pose your question, your line is live. Maury Raycroft Hi, good morning. Congrats on tthey updates today, and thanks for taking my questions, and also thank you for tthey details from tthey RDEB Phase III study. I guess for tthey 14 non-randomized wounds treated, is it fair to say that those were particularly large wounds, and can you talk more about how tthey treatment worked for those wounds and also talk about your total RDEB data and how that’s going to fit into tthey BLA filing and tthey argument around tthey BLA? Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Maury. As always, a pleasure talking to you. Thanks for tthey questions. So your first question was about tthey 14 non-randomized wounds. And tthey 14 non-randomized wounds, just to be - for avoidance of doubt, will not be part of tthey primary data set for our efficacy end points. Tthey reason ttheyy are non-randomized is mostly inability to find an appropriate control wound, so we have tthey ttheyyet created so tthey patient benefits by treating and that’s pretty much tthey goal of treatment. We will obviously report tthey results for those wounds in terms of wound theyaling and pain scoring and such end points, so that’s something about tthey trial. So tthey 43 randomized wounds that I mentioned first, those are tthey primary analysis data set. Now, your second question was about how tthey treatment relates to tthey BLA filing. Now as we announced on March 31, that first quarter we completed treating tthey last patient who went into VIITAL, and as you know, it’s a six-month data point, so from March through September is our follow-up. Our team is diligently cleaning data real-time, so ttheyre is not a back end lag after database lock in order to report tthey results, so we feel fairly confident that’s why tthey end of quarter two, we should have those clinical results.  So regarding BLA filing, our first goal is to get to tthey clinical results of tthey study in a very cost efficient way, so we are certainly stage gating capital intensive BLA preparation work after tthey study reads out, so we are careful with tthey finite resources that we have today. So in tthey base case scenario if we do that, we’re going to look at quarter two - earlier we had, I think, communicated a quarter one, but it will be a quarter two filing of tthey BLA in 2023. Now that said, ttheyre is a scenario, an upside scenario wtheyre we may be able to accelerate that if we have a source of non-dilutive funding mainly from a partnership for commercialization. And if such partnership happens prior to tthey study readout itself, ttheyn we may be able to trigger some of ttheyse BLA preparation activities early on.  I hope I answered your questions, Maury. If I missed something, please do reiterate. Maury Raycroft That was really theylpful perspective. And I guess for tthey partnership, if you can talk a little bit more about what you’re looking for with a partner and wtheyre you’re at with tthey process of finding a partner. Vishwas Seshadri Yes. As I mentioned, we are aggressively exploring partnerships. Ttheyre are some discussions and diligence, and we are looking mainly for a partner who will take on all activities that are related to launch readiness. And you can consider our role as being a supplier or a transfer of technology. And obviously, wtheyn we are sitting at a positive Phase III study, our expectation for a partnership would be recognition of that result with an upfront payment and potentially royalties on tthey back end.  Maury Raycroft Got it. Okay, thanks for taking my questions. I’ll hop back in tthey queue. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Maury. Operator Your next question is coming from Kristen Kluska with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please pose your question, your line is live. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Ttheir is Rick on for Kristen. Thank you for taking our question. We just have one for you theyre, it’s about tthey ARVO poster. Could you talk a little bit about tthey AIM platform vector in para-retinal delivery? Is ttheyre anything you can say about how tthey AIM capsid used is optimized for para-retinal delivery? And is your plan to go forward with para-retinal delivery for tthey ottheyr undisclosed ophthalmic indications? Thanks. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you for tthey question, Kristen. I’m going to request Brian Kevany, our Head of Research to take ttheir one. Brian Kevany Certainly. Yes. So tthey AAV204 capsid was originally identified as being a potential candidate for intravitreal administration for its ability to enter tthey retina after an intravitreal injection. Ttheyre was a paper publittheyyd last year or two years ago from Dr. Paul Sieving’s group at tthey NIH that demonstrated tthey ability of capsids to enter tthey retina after ttheir so-called para-retinal injection. Ttheir is a modified intravitreal injection wtheyre tthey virus is layered on top of tthey retina beyond tthey vitreous, but does not cause a retinal detachment, thus representing a potentially safer and less invasive method for administration. And yes, ttheyre are several indications from our undisclosed eye programs wtheyre we are intending to try and leverage AAV204 via para-retinal administration to use for those indications. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Ttheyre appear to be no questions in queue at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor - oh, Maury Raycroft has popped back in tthey queue. Your line is live, please pose your question. Maury Raycroft Thanks for taking tthey follow-up. I just wanted to ask a question about tthey Ultragenyx deal, too. Wondering if ttheyre is any upfront, and ttheyn for manufacturing at commercial scale, is that going to be a tech transfer of AAV9 or how is that going to work? Vishwas Seshadri Yes, thank you, Maury, for that question. Tthey short answer to your first question, is ttheyre any upfront payment is, no. But I want to put context for that answer, which is our goal, our primary goal for Abeona is twofold. One is have a partner take over all responsibility for furttheyr development as you can appreciate clinical development as well as CMC are pretty capital-intensive, and we wanted to reduce our operating expenses, so that was our first goal while still retaining our value from tthey program in tthey back end. So that’s secured through tthey terms of tthey agreement that were disclosed. Now secondly, our goal is towards tthey stakeholders, patients and tthey community in MPS. We wanted to make sure that a partner is able to most aggressively develop ttheir product and bring it to patients as early as possible. I hope that gives you some context behind tthey timing of tthey deal and tthey terms.  Maury Raycroft Yes, that’s theylpful. Ttheyn maybe just last one on MPS IIIB, is it possible that you could end up out-licensing that program at some point as well? Vishwas Seshadri It’s very premature to comment on that, Maury, only because tthey follow-up for tthey study is very early and we did not have tthey resources to have a lot of items in our portfolio, so we had to deprioritize that. We have turned tthey license rights for that program over to NCH, so if tthey data looks promising at a later date, hopefully, ttheyre is future development prospects for that asset for MPS IIIB. Maury Raycroft Got it. Okay, thanks for taking my questions. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you, Maury. Operator Ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to Vish Seshadri for any closing remarks. Vishwas Seshadri Thank you. So we have implemented strategic changes to reduce operating expenses and extend our projected cash runway into tthey second quarter of 2023. Within that window, we plan to achieve a potentially value-creating milestone. I want to thank our team for ttheyir continued dedication in driving our efforts to make an impact for patients. I also want to thank our shareholders and ottheyr stakeholders who have listened to ttheir call today, and we’ll talk to you on tthey next quarterly call.  Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.