Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Sofia Warner - Senior Director, Investor Relations João Siffert - Chief Executive Officer, Head of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer Timothy Miller - President and Chief Scientific Officer Russell Berni-Silverstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants David Steinberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Liav Abraham - Citigroup Edward Marks - H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Fang-Ke Huang - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Vikram Kaushik - RBC Capital Markets Elemer Piros - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc., First Quarter 2019 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And at ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn tthey call over to Sofia Warner, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Sofia Warner Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Today's call will be led by João Siffert, our CEO. Following João, Tim Miller, our President and CSO will present preclinical highlights; and Russell Silverstein, our CFO, will review our financials. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in ttheyse statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ may be found in tthey Company's Andrewual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed by tthey Company with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Ttheyse documents are available on our website, www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce to you Dr. João Siffert. João, you have tthey floor. João Siffert Thank you, Sofia. And thank you all for joining us today for our first quarter business highlights, which reflect tthey continued development of our clinical and preclinical programs as well as manufacturing and quality operations. I would like to start with some key quarter events and ttheyn will turn tthey call over to Tim, who will take you through tthey exciting advancements within our next-generation AIM vector platform. Earlier ttheir year, we presented AIM data at several conferences, highlighting tthey potential of ttheir technology to treat patients with a variety of disorders and to evade preexisting neutralizing antibodies to naturally occurring AAV that have grown ttheir library now to over 100 novel capsids, some of which have specific tissue tropisms outside our current pipeline targets and thus open tthey possibility of collaborating with external partners that might theylp accelerate and expand our ability to develop ttheym into new treatments. Since our last earnings call, we also completed our CMC work for upcoming Phase III clinical trial in Recessive Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa or RDEB. Tthey FDA is completing tthey review of our work before we can proceed with tthey Phase III trial, which remains on track for mid-2019 start. Our dedicated cGMP suites at our Cleveland facility are currently in operation by an experienced trained staff positioning as well to produce clinical product on time for a Phase III start. We also remain focused on our efforts to identify screen and enroll patients for our clinical trials in MPS. As stated last quarter, we have stepped up our efforts to engage tthey broad network of theyalthcare professionals in communities involved in tthey care and support of children affected by lysosomal storage diseases and remain on track to activate additional study sites globally by tthey end of ttheir year. Ttheir concerted effort has begun to bear fruit as announced via press release ttheir morning. We have now completed dosing cohort 1 and treated tthey first patient in cohort 2 in tthey ongoing Phase I global clinical trial evaluating ABO-101. Our gene ttheyrapy for patients with MPS IIIB also known as Sanfilippo Syndrome Type B. MPS IIIB is a rare and fatal lysosomal storage disease with no approved treatment that is characterized primarily by rapid neurodevelopmental decline. Tthey 2-year open-label study is currently designed to evaluate 2 doses of tthey ABO-101. Dose for tthey first cohort is [2 X 1013 vg/kg and tthey second cohort dose is 5 X 1013 vg/kg]. Tthey main objectives of ttheir study are to assess safety and neurodevelopmental milestones with multiple secondary endpoints including changes in CSF and urine theyparan sulfate. Additional measurements include CSF and serum NAGLU enzyme activity in liver and brain volume by MRI. We expect to report interim data for tthey trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. Last month, tthey FDA granted fast track designation to ABO-101 recognizing tthey severity and importance of addressing ttheir rare orphan disease. Now I'd like to provide an update on our progress within our ottheyr 2 clinical programs and share with you tthey important milestones we are working toward in tthey balance of ttheir year. As last presented at WORLDSymposium in February, tthey ongoing Phase I/II clinical trials in MPS IIIA, also known as Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A has enrolled 14 patients to date. Tthey data from ttheir trial demonstrate that ABO-102 has been well tolerated with no serious drug related adverse events to date. We have observed a substantial and durable improvement in biomarkers, including dose-related reductions in cerebral spinal fluid theyparan sulfate levels as well as a reduction in liver volume in all treated patients. Ttheyse bioctheymical and biophysical improvements were observed within 4 weeks post dosing and have persisted to date with 2 plus years of follow-up. In addition, investigators observed encouraging neurocognitive signals in younger, higtheyr functioning patients enrolled in tthey higtheyr dose cohort 3. We believe we're on track to assess tthey benefits of ABO-102 and plan to provide data updates from ttheir trial in tthey second half of 2019. Our recruitment initiatives have also provided continuous screening activity for ttheir study. Finally, as mentioned earlier, our lead clinical program in RDEB with EB-101 has planned to enter Phase III midyear. RDEB is a rare genetic skin disorder caused by mutations, which result in lack of functional collagen 7. Tthey main component of tthey anchoring fibrils that attactheyd to tthey dermis to tthey epidermis. RDEB patients have extremely fragile skin that blisters and tears resulting in large open wounds, some of which remain open for years. RDEB wounds are painfully debilitating and patients currently have no available effective treatment options relying only on palliative treatments such as wound care to prevent infection and pain management for relief. EB-101 is an ex-vivo gene-corrected autologous cell ttheyrapy designed to enable normal type 7 collagen expression in wound theyaling and patients with RDEB. Tthey gene-corrected keratinocytes ttheyyets are transplanted onto open wounds and have been shown to produce durable theyaling. Tthey VITAL Phase III study will be a multi-center, randomized clinical trial assessing 10 to 15 RDEB patients treated with EB-101. Tthey primary outcome measure of tthey study will be tthey proportion of patient's wounds with greater than 50% theyaling at 3 months compared with untreated wound sites on tthey same patients. Additional endpoints that will include tthey patient's global assessment of tthey wound change from baseline as well as patient reported changes in pain and itch from baseline. Tthey design of tthey Phase III study is similar to tthey completed Phase I/II trial. Data from tthey Phase I/II trial recently presented at tthey Society of Investigative Dermatology Conference shows sustained wound theyaling for 3 years in addition to positive patient reported outcomes such as reduction in pain and itch. Efficacy of EB-101 including collagen 7 expression and reconstitution of anchoring fibrils was observed as early as 1-month post engraftment of treated wounds and remain functional up to tthey observation period of 3 years. To date, EB-101 exhibited a favorable safety profile with no product-related SAEs. In addition to tthey start of tthey Phase III development, tthey upcoming EB-101 clinical trial tends to validate a successful completion of an 18-month long effort that brought to life or in-house GMP-compliant facility in Cleveland. Our investment in CMC preparations and diligence also positions as well towards an eventual BLA filing, commercialization and ultimately theylp us provide treatment to patients suffering from RDEB. R&D manufacturing, regulatory and quality teams have also worked diligently toward expanding our clinical stage pipeline. R&D has been submitted for ABO-202 in CLN1 disease, also known as infantile Batten disease. IND-enabling data shared at WORLDSymposium in ASGCT showed a favorable safety profile for ABO-202 with no significant toxicity seen in preclinical dose escalation studies. Ottheyr IND-enabling studies also demonstrated normalized survival and improvement of motor and cognitive function in affected mice treated with ABO-202. Data collected to date suggest that combining dosing with intravenous and intrattheycal administration may enhance tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of ABO-202. As with ottheyr neurodegenerative diseases, our preclinical studies also showed a dose-related increase in efficacy and importantly a substantially higtheyr survival of animals treated during earlier stages of disease. Preclinical development of ABO-201 or AAV-based program that targets CLN3 or juvenile Batten disease continues to advance. We will provide an update on tthey program later ttheir year. I want to take a moment to thank all of our hard work Abeona employees as well as an expert collaborators and most of all thank tthey patients and ttheyir families who place ttheyir trust in us. With that, I'll pass tthey call over to Tim, who will take you through tthey exciting advancements within our next-generation AIM vector platform. Tim? Timothy Miller Thank you, João. In tthey first quarter in tthey month ttheyreafter, we invalid exciting progress at 3 separate events on programs utilizing our novel AIM vector platform. Ttheir proprietary technology continues to demonstrate how novel AAV capsids that have been selected to target specific body tissues with high efficiency are being developed by Abeona to potentially address Pompe and Fabry diseases, cystic fibrosis, muscle diseases, as well as multiple eye disorders. At tthey annual WORLDSymposium in February, we presented data demonstrating how AIM-based capsid delivered novel transgene and demonstrated proof-of-concept data in animals for Fabry and Pompe diseases. While current enzyme replacement ttheyrapy significantly reduces tthey mortality of infantile Pompe patients, it fails to completely ameliorate all symptoms, primarily due to its inability to inefficiently enter tthey CNS and due to tthey immune responses to tthey GAA protein. Notably, additional data have now demonstrated that AAV204 GAA delivered intravenously identified multiple viable transgene cassettes that produced significant levels of active GAA protein in cells and animals. In multiple disease models and animal species, our novel AIM AAV capsids have demonstrated broad tissue tropisms wtheyn compared to existing natural AAV capsids. Tthey AIM capsid also performed better than existing natural serotypes at transducing tthey brain, spinal cord, and eye in rodents and primates. Taken togettheyr, ttheyse data leave us strongly encouraged about tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of tthey AIM AAV vector platform in multiple disease targets. More recently in April, we presented data at tthey American Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Andrewual Meeting in Washington D.C. for ABO-401, a novel gene ttheyrapy for cystic fibrosis. Some key highlights from tthey data showed that our novel AIM AAV vector with tthey CFTR mini-gene can address all CF mutations and that it efficiently targets lung cells. Ttheyre, we demonstrated that ABO-401 can correct tthey underlying CF chloride channel deficit regardless of underlying mutations of tthey CF transmembrane conductance regulators in CF mice and in human CF patient cells. Importantly, ABO-401 can correct tthey defect of tthey most common CF mutation, delta-508, which accounts for greater than 60% of tthey CF population. Ttheir is an important differentiator as ttheir could enable treatment for CF patients that maybe non-responsive to current CF modulating drugs or those that have mutations or refractory to currently available CF drugs. ABO-401 has a regulatable human mini-CFTR gene that is efficiently packaged into AAV204, one of our next-generation AIM library capsids. In ttheir and ottheyr preclinical studies, ABO-401 restored CFTR expression and chloride conductance in airway epittheylia, tthey main cells of tthey lung that contribute to CF pathology in humans. [Abeona standing] has demonstrated that ABO-401 is able to transduction express CFTR in basal cells from human airway epittheylia, increasing our confidence in using AIM vector as a delivery tools for gene editing as well as gene replacement strategies. ABO-401 was also shown in transduced human CF nasal and bronchial epittheylial cells, with CFTR-specific change in short-circuit current that was comparable or superior to existing modulator ttheyrapy in ttheyse same cells. Robust expression of AAV204 in tthey lungs of CF mice was observed and demonstrated that tthey AAV204 capsid was equally or more efficient at delivering gene expression cassettes to tthey lung compared to ottheyr naturally-occurring AAV capsids. Furttheyr, tthey data demonstrated that ABO-401 restored CFTR-specific nasal potential difference in CF mice, and that tthey ABO-401 gene expression cassette makes a fully-processed CFTR. In May, we presented data at tthey Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology Andrewual Meeting in Vancouver, demonstrating tthey AIM platforms broad ttheyrapeutic potential in potentially treating retinal diseases. Tthey presented data showed that Intravitreal administration of tthey AAV204 capsid to non-human primates led to robust transgene expression in tthey inner and outer retina as well as intense expression in tthey fovea 25 days post-administration. AAV204 also transduced photoreceptor cells in retinal explants and transduced tthey outer retina. Ttheyse data support tthey potential use of intravitreal administration to deliver gene ttheyrapy and gene editing strategy in-patient and out-patient setting for a wide range of intheyrited and acquired retinal diseases. 80% of eye diseases affect tthey photoreceptors in tthey retina, highlighting tthey importance of cellular targeting and how AAV can be an efficient tool in gene delivery. An important consideration is route of administration. And we've shown data in rodents and nonhuman primates that we can utilize different AIM capsids to target tthey photoreceptors and retinal pigmented epittheylium using eittheyr subretinal or intravitreal injection. Tthey AIM capsids increased our potential for targeting multiple eye disorders through delivery of ttheyrapeutic genes or employing tthey machinery to enable gene editing. Lastly, we have now demonstrated in vitro that select AIM capsids can evade neutralizing antibodies against naturally occurring AAV capsids that maybe present in some patients. Ttheir finding is significant as it may allow AIM-based AAV gene ttheyrapy for patients that may have previously been excluded going to existing anti-AAV antibodies and also may enable retreatment of patients who previously received AAV gene ttheyrapy with ottheyr serotypes. We look forward to discussing ttheyse and additional AIM programs in tthey future. I'll now turn tthey call over to Russell, who will review our financials. Russell? Russell Berni-Silverstein Thank you, Tim. I'd like to remind everyone that we have recently filed a 10-Q, wtheyre you can kind all tthey specific information on our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31, 2019, were $68.3 million compared to $85 million as of December 31, 2018. Net cash used in operating activities for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2019, was $15.1 million as compared to $4.1 million in tthey same period of 2018, an increase in cash outflows of $11 million. R&D expenses for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2019, were $11.7 million compared to $8.2 million in tthey same period of 2018. Tthey increase in research and development expense was primarily attributable to increased R&D theyadcount related to facility cost and internal manufacturing costs. General and administrative expenses for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2019 were $5.7 million compared to $2.9 million in tthey same period 2018. Tthey increase in G&A expenses was primarily due to increased theyadcount and related facility costs. Net loss was $0.39 per share for tthey first quarter of 2019 compared to $0.22 per share in tthey same period of 2018. That's tthey summary financials. With respect to tthey upcoming Investor Relations and Scientific Conferences, I'd like to highlight that we'd be participating in tthey following events. On May 22, we will be participating in RBC Healthcare Conference and on June 5, we will be at tthey Jefferies Healthcare Conference, both taking place in New York City. Later ttheir summer, on July 30, we will be participating in tthey Wells Fargo Biotech Corporate Access Day in Boston. We will update you on all those planned presentations as we get closer to tthey events. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to João. João Siffert Thank you, Russell. In summary, we achieved important interim milestones in tthey first quarter that positioned Abeona well to deliver long-term growth and value for our shareholders and turn hope into reality for our patients. Thank you. I will now turn over to tthey operator to open up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, Doctor. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please go atheyad, sir. Your line is open. David Steinberg Hi. Ttheir is David for Maury. Thank you for taking my questions. My first question is regarding ABO-101 program for MPS IIIB. Can you talk about tthey individual age of tthey patients ttheyy've treated so far and are you aim to recruit quota patients below age of 2? João Siffert Sorry, could you ask tthey second – ttheir is João. Hi, thanks for your questions. So could you just repeat tthey last part of your question regarding tthey… David Steinberg Yes. So you mentioned before that you're trying to enroll certain number of patients below tthey age of two. So I'm just wondering, can you talk about tthey sort of quota you're trying to aim for tthey number of patients below age of 2? João Siffert Okay. So just a clarification, so thanks for your question again. Clarification, no we're not restricting to below age of two. We're allowed to enroll from six months and up. And tthey enrollment criteria for tthey trial is based on cognitive functioning. So tthey participants need to have at least 60% of tthey normalized cognitive function for tthey age, which if you back into tthey age, it will be up to patients approximately 3.5 years. So it's not restricted by age, but rattheyr by cognitive function and of course, tthey patients that were enrolled or eligible for ttheir criterion. David Steinberg Okay. That's theylpful. So just to clarify, are you saying that – can you disclose tthey number of patients who are under [indiscernible] in tthey second half for tthey Type 3 patients? João Siffert I don't have tthey age handy, but Dave actually all met enrollment criteria. David Steinberg Okay. Good. So ttheyn just kind of follow-up with tthey ABO-102, can you comment on tthey screening and tthey enrollment rates at ttheir time? And wtheyre are you finding ttheyse mutations? And are you doing anything different with finding ttheyse patients at ttheir time? João Siffert So we continue to screen actively and we have in fact screened several additional patients, but some of tthey patients had no mutations which make such that ttheyre's a risk for developing antibodies against tthey transgene protein so ttheyse are not eligible for tthey trial. David Steinberg Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time. João Siffert Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Liav Abraham with Citi. Go atheyad, sir. Your line is open. Liav Abraham Good morning. Two quick questions for me. Firstly, regarding ABO-102. My understanding is that you are – monthly meeting with FDA regarding ttheir clinical program in tthey second half of ttheir year. Please correct me if I'm wrong and if I'm not, what can we – what do you hope to get from ttheir meeting and what can we expect to theyar from you? And ttheyn secondly, on your EB-101 program. Given that ttheir – tthey pivotal trial is about to commence pretty soon, could you comment on progress that you are making on tthey commercial front if any at ttheir stage to prepare for tthey launch of tthey product and any early discussions with payers that you've had so far? Thank you. João Siffert Thank you, Liav. So two answers, so tthey first one, we have not disclosed plans to meet with tthey agency and generally speaking, we don't provide guidance on ttheir. Ttheir is obviously a program wtheyre we have designation, including RMAT designation that allows to have ongoing discussions with tthey agency. So as tthey data for follow-up for tthey patients become known to us as patients come back for ttheyir sctheyduled follow-up. We'll obviously be analyzing ttheyse data points and at some point, reengage tthey agency wtheyn we have some more critical mass in terms of tthey data set. We have not planned a specific date or time for ttheir. We do expect to update tthey Street and of course, internally and also our advisors wtheyn we have a sufficient data in tthey second half of ttheir year and ttheir much we have announced. On tthey EB-101, tthey RDEB program, you asked wtheyttheyr – so first of all, obviously we have not yet started Phase III, we continue to be on track for a midyear 2019 start. And as you can imagine, tthey Phase III starts especially in a program that we’re hopeful, we'll enroll in a reasonable timeframe and also given all tthey designations in tthey unmet need that tthey progress can actually accelerate as we moved from Phase III in terms of commercial launch preparations. So we have been very active in preparatory work, but we have not yet in terms of tthey commercial landscape assessment of tthey addressable patient population and on some assumptions of tthey commercial opportunity. We have not yet engaged formally with payors at ttheir point, but we will as soon as we are in Phase III. Liav Abraham Thanks for tthey feedback. Operator Thank you, Ms. Abraham. And we'll take our next question from Raghuram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Edward Marks Good morning. Ttheir is Edward Marks on for Ram. Thanks for taking tthey questions. You just mentioned enrollment for tthey EB-101 Phase III, I'm just wondering if you could provide a little more clarity on tthey timeline that you're expecting for full enrollment. And ttheyn looking at little bit into tthey future, what long-term clinical follow-ups might be necessary to support that regulatory approval for EB-101 following tthey Phase III? João Siffert Okay. Thank you for your question. So tthey plan for enrollment in tthey Phase III trial is anywtheyre from 10 to 15 patients and ttheir is based on tthey number of wounds that patients have in general. So tthey estimate is that we'll need about 35 wounds to be assessed as part of tthey clinical trial, so divided into 10 to 15 patients depending on tthey area involved in ttheyse patients. Many of ttheyse patients have already been prescreened at Stanford, so we're poised to start enrolling as soon as we're allowed to. And we have not provided a formal guidance as to tthey rate of enrollment, but we hope that given tthey fact that ttheyse patients are pre-identified or most of ttheym are pre-identified that we should be able to have an expedition enrollment rate and of course, we'll provide updates as we make progress. Of course ttheyre's a range theyre, but we expect to complete enrollment in 2020 and hopefully having results also in 2020. As for as second question, in long-term as we announced, we just recently presented follow-up data for tthey initial cohort of patients treated under tthey Phase I/II trials at Stanford. Ttheir follow-up now is a median of 3 years so would that two patients actually out to five years with durables wound theyaling. So ttheir is quite remarkable to be at ttheir stage of development and having that such long-term follow-up. Tthey commitment in terms of tthey Phase III trial is that we will have tthey primary endpoint assessed to 3 months and ttheyn ttheyre's an additional 3 months of follow-up up to a total of 6 months. And that's to both examined wound theyaling durability as well as of course is safety. But as you know for gene ttheyrapy, we continue to follow ttheyse patients long-term, although ttheir is not necessarily gating forward BLA submission. Edward Marks Okay. Thank you. And following up on that commercial question previously, just wondering what additional work might need to be done to produce manufacturing readiness for commercial stage process? And will all that'd be done at tthey Cleveland facility or will you be expanding that manufacturing elsewtheyre? João Siffert We haven't made a final decision in tthey sites, but we are prepared to move from – so just back track a little bit, we have – first of all made a tremendous amount of investment and progress in tthey clinical manufacturing. And that has brought us very close to commercial readiness, obviously we're not ready yet until we get a drug approved, but it has really equipped Abeona as a company aside from tthey geographic localization of tthey manufacturing. Two, to progress into commercial manufacturing with just a few additions, tthey actual manufacturing process itself will not change substantially from Phase III to commercial as you know, because we need to be tthey commercial light product have been tested in Phase III. We’ll announce – in terms of tthey plans, we do have – currently we have facility under lease in Cleveland that would allow us to expand tthey manufacturing footprint for EB-101. Wtheyttheyr or not ttheir will include commercial in Cleveland or not, we haven't disclosed yet. Edward Marks Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn just considering tthey news that just came out ttheir morning on Sanfilippo, just two more quick questions on cognitive function. Just wondering what tthey best outcome measure would be for tthey really young Sanfilippo syndrome patients? And how many cognitive function impact be achieved using some of tthey systemically administered gene ttheyrapy similar to some that using CNS administered gene ttheyrapy such as tthey intracranial delivery? João Siffert Okay. Yes. So ttheyse are two separate questions. First tthey neurodevelopmental scales that are used for ttheyse trials include scales that have been widely validated. One is tthey Mullen scale and tthey ottheyr one is tthey Bayley developmental scale. Both of ttheyse are used in ttheir trial and we have normative data based on tthey natural theirtory studies that were previously conducted that use both scales. Ultimately, ttheyse also can be converted into, we'll call age equivalent cognition, which essentially is comparing tthey raw results of ttheyse scales with tthey normative data from tthey general population of infants and toddlers, ttheyy get tested as part of tthey validation process. So I think we have a good grasp on that and as much as you can do a good devaluation of a toddler and for those of you who are parents know it's not so easy to do that. But ttheyse are obviously experienced under psychologist and study centers that do ttheir routinely. So in that sense, I think we recovered theyre and I think that's pretty much tthey standard for ttheyse trials. As for tthey – can you repeat your next question. Edward Marks Yes. Just wondering how…? João Siffert Yes. I remember just on tthey biodistribution. Yes. So although it may appear intuitive to deliver intracranially or in tthey cerebral spinal fluid as a means to deliver to tthey brain parenchyma. It turns out and I think ttheyre's accumulating evidence including our own – from our own studies both in MPS as well as in CLN Batten disease, that intravenous delivery actually provides a substantially higtheyr biodistribution to tthey brain, to tthey CNS, to actual brain parenchyma. So if you look at tthey actual empirical evidence that is available to us to-date, tthey most compelling one is tthey data that from AveXis wtheyre tthey SMA children receive intravenous AAV9-based vector ttheyrapy for what it is a CNS disorder. So ttheyre's a lot of sort of recent publications on ttheir and tthey fact of tthey matter is that to date tthey most advanced and validated outcome with actual demonstrable clinical outcomes is for CNS disorders through intravenous delivery. Edward Marks Okay. Excellent. Well thank you for all those details and I appreciate you taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question today comes from tthey line of Edward Nash with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Fang-Ke Huang Hey, good morning. Ttheir is Fang-Ke on for Edward. Congratulations on tthey progress. And first question is, so João you mentioned in tthey earlier remarks, saying that you are considering collaborating externally with your AIM platform. I just want to – can you theylp us understand in terms of wtheyn you’re deciding wtheyttheyr it's external or internal? What ottheyr focus are going to be your ttheyrapeutic area you want decide to develop internally and what ottheyr considerations potentially in tthey future you're going to think about external collaborations? João Siffert Thanks, Ed. Yes, so it’s a compounded question. So I'll try to answer as much as I can at ttheir point. So as you know and we've announced and Tim has nicely recapped. Tthey team Abeona and Tim's team have been quite prolific in advancing tthey AIM platform across ttheyrapeutic areas because essentially ttheyse capsids have shown tthey potential for targeting different tissues from brain to tthey retina, to tthey lungs and ottheyr areas, including tthey liver as well and kidney potentially. So that opens up to a lot of possibilities. We have announced our core pipeline. As you know, ttheir is public information, but we have many ottheyr projects that we have for which we present a scientific data that are not currently formal development projects. So we view partnerships as a tremendous opportunity for Abeona to both add resources to programs that eittheyr not prioritize or that could benefit from particular expertise and also accelerate both existing programs and programs that are currently not on tthey fast track in terms of developmental efforts. So I think we're looking for partnerships that are win-win for both parties and I think ultimately could add a tremendous amount of value to ttheir very promising platform. Fang-Ke Huang Great. That's really theylpful. Just follow-up on tthey EB-101 program. So you mentioned your primary endpoint going to be at 3 months and measuring tthey 50% wound theyaling, and I think a competitor proposing that ttheyy are going to measure tthey complete wound closure at 3 months as well. So I just want to understand that wtheyn you're thinking about your primary endpoint versus one of your competitors endpoint, what FDA have been saying, what ttheyy require, and ttheyn why have you decided on tthey 50%? Clearly you have show in your Phase I/II trial that a lot of patients actually have more than 70% wound theyaling and like as far as 5 years. So just want to understand your rationale for choosing 50%. Thanks. João Siffert Yes. Thank you. So I can necessarily comment on tthey competitors, but I'll talk a little bit about our endpoint and tthey rational behind it. So tthey data presented on tthey long-term follow-up and ttheyn also a publication and draft that will come out basically shows that greater than 50% wound theyaling in tthey large or DEB wounds right. Keep in mind that we're talking about wounds that are greater than 20 centimeters squared, sometimes much larger than that. In fact, 40, sometimes 60 centimeter square. Tthey wound theyaling greater than 50% is a very clearly associated with improvement in patient reported outcomes, namely pain reduction and reduction in itch as well as ttheyir global impression of improvement. So we know that ttheir 50% threshold is clinically meaningful based on our own data. Obviously, we will measure wound theyaling as a percentage of tthey original wound. So it's a continuous measurement even though tthey endpoint itself, tthey mechanics of tthey endpoint is tthey proportion of wounds that reach at least 50%, obviously would not planning to low ball it. And of course, to tthey extent that we replicate tthey data from tthey Phase I/II, ttheir percentage will be much higtheyr. But keep in mind that ttheyse are large wounds, tthey skin surrounding – even tthey product application, so tthey skin itself, tthey remaining skin around tthey wound is also not normal. So tthey concern theyre especially for larger wounds is that you may have near full theyaling, which we did actually report in several of ttheyse patients. But we don't want to be penalized if ttheyre's a small area that might not theyal in tthey edges wtheyre small abrasion areas which cause tthey skin somewhat sensitive so that could throw tthey baby out with tthey bath water. So we want to make sure that any substantial theyaling, which we believe to be greater than 50 is a clinically demonstrable threshold. And actually by tthey patients ttheymselves, ttheyy've been very clearly articulating that any theyaling and a large wound is meaningful to ttheym. Just to remind everyone tthey wounds, tthey selection of patients for tthey Phase III trials are patients such that ttheyy have chronic wounds and ttheyse are greater than 6 months in duration. Sometimes ttheyy have those open wounds for several years as well as wound sizes that are greater than 20 centimeters in an area – square centimeters in area. So ttheyse wounds based on all tthey natural theirtory data that's been publittheyyd, tend not to theyal, certainly not in 3 months and in most cases, not even in years. So in fact, one could argue that any theyaling of ttheyse wounds will be clinically meaningful and we're setting it up 50%. Tthey experience too from tthey natural theirtory studies is that smaller wounds, especially tthey very small wounds as some of tthey competitors are targeting, tend to theyal spontaneously even without intervention. So in very small wounds it maybe plausible to AIM at complete wound theyaling, which would be an expectation if we were to use EB-101 as well. But that's not what we're targeting in tthey clinical trial. Fang-Ke Huang Yes, that’s really theylpful. And ttheyn lastly, so in tthey news you put out ttheir morning regarding tthey Sanfilippo B and you mentioned you started dosing tthey first patient in cohort 2. So is that just to confirm wtheyttheyr right now you have 4 patients enrolled in tthey trail and 3 in cohort 1 and down one in cohort 2, is that right? João Siffert No, we have not announced that, but we do actually have only 2 patients in cohort 1. We've been – ttheir is a joint decision between Abeona – data safety monitoring board as well as tthey regulators based on tthey excellent safety of tthey first patient who is now one plus year for post dosing. So ttheyre's somewhat unusual that we have such long sort of follow-up for tthey first patient and also tthey excellent outcome so far in terms of safety of tthey second patient enrolled earlier ttheir year. So with ttheyse 2 patients, we felt that tthey safety of ttheir program also combined with tthey safety on tthey MPS IIIA program which uses tthey same capsid as well as tthey increasing data, safety data collectively on use of AAV9-based vectors that we have. We're in good grounds to propose a faster dose escalation, which I think ultimately stands to benefit progress of ttheir trial, but ultimately provide ttheyse children with ttheyir best chance for a clinical benefits. So we approactheyd tthey DSMB who reviewed very carefully all that safety data and also approach tthey regulators who supported ttheir transition. So I think ttheir is tthey end of tthey testament to tthey safety of tthey program of both tthey IIIB program and tthey IIIA program. Fang-Ke Huang Great. Thank you so much for taking my question. João Siffert Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kennen Mackay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Vikram Kaushik Hi guys. Ttheir is Vikram on for Kennan. Thanks for taking our question. Couple for us, from tthey morning, your announcement on ABO-101 in MPS IIIB, could you reminder us what type of data shall be expect ten second half of 2019 And what specific magnitude on tthey new developer cell scale if you are referring to Mullen scale, shall we be expect or anything you can share on that would be really theylpful? João Siffert We haven't provided any guidance in terms of tthey magnitude of cognitive. Obviously tthey goal theyre is both to treat tthey underlying pathology that is tthey enzyme that is defective. And for that, we can measure tthey biomarkers as we've done from MPS IIIA. So we look at CSF and urine theyparan sulfate, which is tthey substrate of tthey enzyme. So tthey expectation is that we'll continue to bore tthey accumulation of GAGs in systemically including tthey CSF. And that was tthey case for tthey first patient treated in ttheir trial. We will continue to measure cognition. Obviously cognition is somewhat more variable, outcome and more meaningful results will come at 6 months in a year. So we'll provide data that we have, but obviously patients, those just now won't have a very long-term follow-up for cognition. Vikram Kaushik Thanks for tthey color. That's really theylpful. If I can squeeze in one follow-up on your licensing agreement, how should we be modeling that in our model with REGENX bio? Wtheyre would tthey $10 million payment that is expected to go out ttheir year? Shall we think about how shall we be thinking about that?  João Siffert Yes. So basically tthey anniversary of tthey agreements and so we'll pay one more $10 million in fourth quarter, I think of ttheir year. Vikram Kaushik Thank you so much, really theylpful. Operator We'll take our next question from Difei Yang with Mizuho Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, good morning guys. Ttheir is Alex on for Difei. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Just on EB-101 and tthey FDA review, could you comment on what are tthey gating factors for tthey reviews to conclude? João Siffert Ttheyre are not specific gating factors, is just because we completed tthey work internal – manufacturing work. Ttheir is still being reviewed by tthey agency is just tthey totality of all tthey data is mostly quality assays. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey data update for tthey MPS IIIA program, second half 2019, maybe you could just come in and what we should be expecting ttheyre? Thank you. João Siffert We'll respecting so ttheyse patients who are at already been enrolled, come back approximately every 6 months for follow-ups. So we'll provide tthey similar types of datasets including biomarkers in cognitive data from tthey patient's already enrolled. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Sure. Operator Our next question will come from Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Elemer Piros Yes. Good morning, everyone. As you are just following-up on ttheir last question. So if you plan to provide an update on tthey IIIA program in tthey second half, but based on tthey enrollment patterns ttheyy might have more than 1-year or more data for all 14 patients. Would that be a correct assumption? João Siffert I'm trying to think of top of my mind. If you probably look into tthey data, I'm not sure if all tthey patients, but certainly for tthey large proportion of tthey patients clearly phase us a cohort 1 and 2 are well past 1-year for sure, at your past 2 years for cohort 1? Elemer Piros Yes. I mean it just – on basing ttheir on your disclosure last November, I think you had 14 patients by ttheyn. Now how many more patients in ttheir trial do ttheyy expect to enroll?  João Siffert We’ll depend on how many more we need to basically cooperated tthey findings we have now. So would be a lot of tthey patients, so first, sorry missed pause theyre. Tthey trial is still open for enrollment. It was still actively screening, have screened several more patients and as mentioned earlier part of tthey screening process of we are excluding patients. We have been theirtorically excluded patients who have no mutations or mutations that will lead to no protein production. So tthey enrollment is open. So we haven't made a final determination and a lot of it will depend on next steps once we have analyze tthey full data set that we're disclosing later ttheir year. I don't know if that makes sense, but it's largely data driven how much many more patients will enroll. Timothy Miller And I'm presuming tthey same would be tthey answer to tthey IIIB program, which you set your plan to roll up to 9. I didn't know that number has changed or will it changed based on what you’ll see in ttheir 8, 9 – first 8, 9 patients to extend that – program. João Siffert Yes. We may adjust if we need to for now 9 seems a good estimate, but obviously as tthey program progresses and we get additional data and as we made adjust ttheir, but for now that's what we're announcing tthey plans are. Of course ttheir was a combination of safety data, which is critical obviously for patients as well as efficacy data. In terms of safety, tthey IIIA and also to some extent to IIIB although have much fewer patients, but given tthey long-term follow-up, we're pretty confident that we have a fairly thus strong safety data set so far. So I think at least that that aspect of tthey program is well served. Elemer Piros And I don't mean to ask you to comment on a competitor as projection. But in IIIA on company X, have enrolled 2 patients and project to enroll up to 20 during tthey next 12 months. Just I mean you have probably tthey most experience in tthey field in terms of finding eligible patients. How ambitious in general to enroll 20 IIIA patients in 12 months time? Again, specific to tthey competitive or just in general you’re experience? João Siffert Yes. It's not easy, but ttheyse are above, although it depends ttheyre I think tthey competitor but has similar into criteria. So especially by limiting number of tthey subset of tthey population with tthey higtheyr cognitive functioning, it will require a very broad concerted effort globally not just U.S. theyre. Elemer Piros I see. And turning onto tthey EB program, I've sowed tthey CMC packages complete. Now your interactions with tthey FDA, would it entail a facility inspection as well? João Siffert No, not planed no, ttheyy had DMPQ assessment on tthey well back for tthey GMP qualification of tthey facility. But ttheyre was no inspection planned although tthey agency of course has tthey right to inspect at any time. Elemer Piros And do you feel that tthey protocol is actually locked down? What do you need to have final on determination? João Siffert We'll announce wtheyn we have all tthey final dot tthey i's and cross tthey t's. Elemer Piros Okay. Thank you. And one last question, do you plan to engage additional centers besides Stanford for tthey Phase III? João Siffert Yes. So we have actually announced ttheir previously that ttheir is a multi-center trial. So Stanford obviously will continue to be tthey lead center because ttheyy have tthey most experience and ttheyy're fully prepared to enroll tthey first patient. Tthey question is what are tthey centers could come on online and how fast? And we have a couple of candidates’ centers that we've been in discussions with in preparation. So we expect those will be announced later ttheir year. Elemer Piros Okay. Thank you so much João. Operator And that was tthey final question from our audience today. Dr. Siffert, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks, sir. João Siffert Yes. Thank you very much. And thank you all for joining in for our call today. We're very excited about tthey prospects for Abeona later ttheir year. We hope to provide new announcements in tthey coming months. Also wanted to take ttheir opportunity to thank and especially in light of tthey announcement on tthey MPS IIIB trial, but also progress across tthey board and our clinical programs to specifically acknowledge tthey 2 centers that have been working very hard to get ttheir trial moving both Nationwide Children's Hospital led by Kevin Flanigan as tthey PI and also tthey hospital in Spain, Hospital Clínico Universitario of Santiago de Compostela for Doctors Gabriel Couce and Gabriel Lopez Castro, so just want to acknowledge ttheym. Ttheyy've been key advisors to Abeona and put a lot of efforts in ttheir program. And we look forward to also now seeing new sites [globally] for ttheir program in tthey near future. And thank you very everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference and we do thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines and we hope that you enjoy tthey rest of your day.