Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2016 4:45 PM ET Executives Andre’a Lucca – Vice President of Communications & Operations Tim Miller – President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Davis – Chief Operating Officer Analysts Jason McCarthy – Tthey Maxim Group Elemer Piros – Roth Capital George Zavoico – JonesTrading Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. Quarterly Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Andre’a Lucca, Vice President of Communications & Operations at Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Andre’a? Andre’a Lucca Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Tim Miller, President and CEO; and Jeff Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey fourth quarter and more recent developments at Abeona and ttheyn Jeff Davis will provide additional comments on tthey quarter. A brief overview of summary financials and provide a snapshot of our financial position and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that we will open tthey floor to few questions. But before I turn tthey call over to ttheym I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Tim Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Tim Miller Hi, thanks, Andre’a, and thank you for everyone for joining our earnings call. It’s nice to see so many familiar faces and names that are joining us today. With that, I’d like to discuss on some of our recent theirtory in tthey fourth quarter and some of our recent developments. I used to begin with a brief overview of our pipeline, primarily of our IIIB programs, which are adeno-associated virus gene ttheyrapy programs. We have an MPS Sanfilippo type IIIA and type IIIB that would come out of Nationwide Children’s Hospital, which we are advancing into clinical trials ttheir year, as well as Juvenile Batten Disease specifically for tthey CLN3 variant. Tthey most common form of Juvenile Batten Disease out of tthey University of Nebraska Medical Center, which we’ll also be having in clinical trials ttheir year with our clinical side of tthey University of Roctheyster in Roctheyster, New York. Ttheir is really – tthey way that we have been positioned in ttheyse three programs. All AAV programs ttheyy are all delivered by intravenous delivery, to be able to cross tthey blood brain barrier, but also importantly to treat all tthey somatic symptoms throughout tthey whole body of tthey disease for our patients. We’ve made a lot of progress in tthey past year, but really in tthey past quarter, quarter and a half. As we’ve advanced ttheyse programs towards a global development strategy as we pursue our commercialization of ttheyse gene ttheyrapies. Wtheyn we look at how we’re positioning ttheym, we look around tthey rest of tthey space and see what ottheyr companies and what tthey regulatory agencies are how ttheyy are pursuing and reviewing ttheyse. And yes, we look and see that – ttheir golden number has been some more around 24 to 35 patients is really a target goal to try and get a rare disease for approval. And wtheyn we’ve seen ttheir with some gene ttheyrapy companies that have gone for an approval with 24, 27 patients. And ottheyrs more recent companies looking at ottheyr lysosomal storage diseases wtheyre ttheyy have looked at about 24 patients to go atheyad and file for a registration. As we look in tthey United States and try to pursue in advance ttheyse in clinical trials by tthey IND [indiscernible] and also to our OUS strategies in Europe and in Australia. I’ll discuss first our – first program, our lead program, which is MPS IIIA. Ttheir originally came out of Nationwide Children’s Hospital uses AAV9 delivered by intravenous gene ttheyrapy to treat, again tthey whole body of tthey disease. We’ve achieved tthey orphan product designation and also tthey rare disease designation, which we announced last year, which is tthey first pre-requisite step [indiscernible].  With great pleasure that we were able to announced on rare disease date, February 29. Tthey FDA had allowed tthey IND to treat again our first patients at Nationwide Children’s Hospital and anticipate that our first patient will be enrolled at some point in tthey second quarter. And wtheyn we anticipate that we will have some bio potency measurements to report sometime in tthey third quarter.  In tthey MPS III program, again we look at our OUS strategy, we have received tthey Genetically Modified Organism approval and ethical committee approvals for tthey MPS IIIA program in Spain by tthey AEMPS. And we certainly look forward to updating everyone once we have a CTA, clinical trial approval in hand to treat patients at our clinical center in Bilbao, Spain. We also have an MPS IIIB program, also ttheyy came out of Nationwide Children’s Hospital that is again an AAV9, it is delivered by intravenous delivery. And we have achieved tthey orphan product designation and similarly a rare pediatric disease designation for ttheyse programs. We have also gone through our regulatory – have started some of our regulatory discussions and have completed tthey RAC submission for tthey MPS IIIB. We also again wtheyn we look towards Spain again, we have achieved tthey genetically modified organism and Ethical committee approvals. And I look forward to updating everyone wtheyn we have more regulatory news on that program. And as our last AAV program, tthey users in AAV9 by intravenous delivery, we’re also looking to treat patients with Juvenile Batten Disease. Ttheir program comes out of tthey University of Nebraska Medical Center to treat ttheir CLN3 variant. We have and are looking forward to announcing tthey orphan product designation. We have sctheyduled some regulatory meetings or guidance with tthey FDA and look forward to updating wtheyn we have started our IND enabling studies. We do anticipate based on our ottheyr programs wtheyn that – what will be required ttheyre and do anticipate being able to enroll patients probably towards tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, in 2016. Abeona has seen a lot of progress internally, as we’d added a number of team members to theylp build out our operations in senior management teams. Of note, we brought on Board Dr. Kate Spratt, who has been involved with gene ttheyrapies with ottheyr biotech companies over tthey last 15 years. As well as Dr. Adam Davis, to run our manufacturing both out sourced and potentially in-house in future. We look forward to updating all of our investors, our shareholders and our patients again on regulatory filings and how we start to look towards 2016 for reporting our early clinical data. And with that I’ll turn ttheir over to Jeff, to discuss some of our additional comments on tthey summary of financials. Jeff Davis Thank you Tim. Okay to discuss on tthey plasma side of tthey business we to compliment tthey gene ttheyrapy programs we have programs in plasma protein replacement ttheyrapies. And our lead program on that side of tthey business is in alpha-1 antitrypsin or alpha1-proteinase inhibitor deficiency. If you have AAT deficiency, you will develop a variety of conditions, tthey most prevalent is an intheyrited form of COPD, or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. So we in license a technology called Salt Diafiltration from a private company called Plasma Technologies LLC in late 2014. And we put tthey lead program alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency in a process development program for most of 2015, wtheyre we did some scale up. We completed optimization of tthey downstream chromatography steps. We built additional fences around our technology with additional provisional patent applications. And near tthey end of tthey year coming into 2016, we also expanded our contract manufacturing organization relationships to include a second CMO that will be instrumental in theylping us through tthey continued scale up production of clinical material for tthey ultimate registration directed trial. So ttheir alpha-1 antitrypsin product addresses a sector, a segment of tthey human blood plasma proteins market that represents about 1.2 billion that’s tthey alpha-1 market. Tthey entire market is about $15 billion global market that’s growing up to 10% annually. What differentiates our Salt Diafiltration process from tthey process that is standard in tthey industry today, which is called tthey Cohn Process, is our process does not use any alcohol in tthey initial precipitation stages. So we have a 2-stage salt precipitation process followed by more traditional chromatography steps to purify tthey proteins. Tthey upshot of our process is, we have vastly increased yields, achievable yields, manufacturing yields in tthey high value proteins. We have in our alpha-1 program through repeated runs and repeated lots been able to achieve 10-fold to 12-fold increase in alpha-1 over tthey Cohn Process. And we’ve been able to do ttheir while preserving a purity of tthey product that is equal to tthey most pure commercially available alpha-1s today. So we’re very excited about tthey process as it’s borne itself out and we’re also second steps we’ve run our process on IVIG, wtheyre we believe we can get yield improvements of between 20% and 25%, that is very financially meaningful in ttheir sector because IVIG represents about half of tthey $15 billion global market. Tthey upshot of our vast yield improvements obviously would be tthey potential to have very much increased margins, gross margins relative to tthey Cohn method. And as I said, we did in tthey last quarter and half, if you will, expand our intellectual property position. We have three issued patents, but we have also been able to file additional provisional patents to secure our fence around those assets. So we are continuing to make process with tthey SDF, continue to tthey do tthey scale up, we’re happy with tthey way it is going and we still look forward to tthey opportunity to get ttheir in a registration directed trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. So that is tthey plasma update. On tthey financial to briefly review that before we sort of get into some Q&A. Tthey revenues for tthey fourth quarter and tthey full year 2015 were $215,000 and $1 million respectively that compared to $234,000 and $925,000 for tthey comparable periods in 2014. Our revenues as most people know are a combination of royalties from our marketed MuGard product, as well as recognition of deferred royalties related to tthey upfront payments from our early licensing agreements. Our loss per share as we reflected in our press release was $0.07 for tthey fourth quarter of 2015 and $0.53 for tthey full year 2015, and that compared to $2.05 and $15.26 loss in tthey comparable periods in 2014. I think most importantly, for investors and analysts, everyone is always curious of our cash position we finittheyyd 2015, December 31, 2015 with $40.1 million in cash, compared to $11.6 million as of tthey end of tthey December 2014. Tthey increase in cash was obviously due to a number of financings that tthey company was able to achieve in tthey first half of 2015 offset by tthey cash used in operations. Our cash used in operations in 2015 was $10.4 million. So in terms of looking at tthey burn that was less than $1 million a month, that has continued into 2016 we do anticipate that tthey burn will ramp as we move tthey gene ttheyrapy and tthey plasma closer into clinical trials and start enrolling patients since start following those trials. But that is tthey summary of financials as ttheyy are and we see ttheym today. I think just quickly before we turn it over to Q&A, I’ll mention a couple of tthey upcoming conferences and events that we’re going to be participating in. I know Tim Miller is theyading out to tthey Roth Conference. Coming up I believe it’s ttheir weekend 13 through 16 our presentation day it is on March 14 at 2 PM Pacific Time and I believe that is also going to be webcast. We’re going to be participating in tthey 2016 international Plasma Protein Congress in Barcelona, Spain a little bit latter ttheir month, as well as we are going to participate in tthey Alliance for Regenerative Medicine, is going to have a Cell & Gene Ttheyrapy Investor Day in New York City, that’s on Tuesday March 22, wtheyre we will have a short presentation and fireside chat I believe. And ttheyn we will in May, have a strong presence down at tthey American Society of Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy, which is a very significant scientific meeting for tthey gene ttheyrapy side of tthey business, that’s on May 7. And ttheyn, I think in June, will participate in tthey Bio Conference at San Francisco. So, that’s a summary of upcoming events, as well, I think I’ll turn it back over to tthey operator for any Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jason McCarthy of Tthey Maxim Group. Please proceed with your question, Mr. McCarthy. Jason McCarthy Hi, guys, sounds like everything is progressing nicely, gene ttheyrapy programs, it is moving right into tthey clinic it seems, I wanted to see if you had any thoughts on tthey data that Alexion recently presented for, I know it’s Type B Sanfilippo and tthey NAGLU enzyme replacement ttheyrapy, but ttheyy did have good data, does that give you confidence that for Type A or Type B that gene ttheyrapy will ttheir be even better, because you can get into tthey forebrain, you can get into areas that Alexion is probably going to miss? Tim Miller Hi, Jason, sure, ttheir is Tim Miller. So great, great question and we applaud our colleagues in tthey rare disease space with Alexion and really congratulate ttheym on ttheyir data. We certainly pay very close attention to any of tthey ERT and gene ttheyrapy trials. In some aspects, it’s very – we are very cautious about comparing any of tthey ERT data to gene ttheyrapy aspects. Also because tthey gene ttheyrapy aspects can be little more nuanced depending on tthey vector that used and tthey method of deliveries. However, I do think that tthey data are supportive that giving ttheyse types of ttheyrapies can have a direct, potential benefit. I mean we do know that ttheyre was a very large variation. And that again, it kind of reflects wtheyre dosing maybe truly effective or wtheyttheyr needs to be an increasing dosing from an ERT standpoint, but it was certainly supportive of seeing that, ttheyy did see some changes in that CSF, but ttheyy were just dependant, but not very much in tthey plasma. So, again, I do think that with tthey gene ttheyrapy that’s able to target, not only of tthey CNS, but tthey entire somatic and periptheyral systems that you have tthey potential to benefit and tthey whole body of tthey disease. Jason McCarthy Okay, thank you. And given tthey both Type A and Type B are in relatively small populations, I would imagine that ttheyse kids are concentrated in just a handful of centers. Can you discuss or fill us in on work you’ve done with tthey community, tthey Sanfilippo community, do you have patients that are anticipating gene ttheyrapy would like to enter tthey trial and kind of tthey work that Abeona is doing in that regard? Tim Miller Sure. So one of tthey benefits of ttheir program that it comes out of Nationwide Children’s Hospital originally and we are unique in ttheir space and ttheyn we have had a 25 patient natural theirtory study that enrolled at Nationwide Children’s Hospital, we have 25 patients that went through over one year with tthey follow-up data at ttheir point. And again strength of ttheir program is that tthey clinical center has seen probably more patient visits, for Sanfilippo than any ottheyr hospital in tthey world. And it’s particularly with regard to clinical trials. And have validated tthey outcome measures for tthey MPS IIIA and IIIB trial. So, we’re able to leverage a lot of that that learning, as we now enter tthey clinic. And we have our roots in tthey foundations and patient advocacy groups. We have a shareholders and a company over a dozen, tthey different international Sanfilippo organizations due to ttheyir early support in tthey programs both at Abeona and at Nationwide. So we have built up very strong report with ttheym both theyre and overseas. We have a number of patients that are very anxious of course to get ready to receive ttheyse potential treatments. And I look forward to continuing to spread tthey message remedial ttheyrapies and hopefully, tthey potential in tthey gene ttheyrapy field overall. Jason McCarthy Great. Thanks, Tim. Thanks, guys. Tim Miller You’re welcome. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Elemer Piros of Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question. Elemer Piros Thank you very much. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Tim, if I may refer back to tthey Natural History Study, what were some of tthey surprising or it on surprising findings that caught your eye as apposed to looking back at theirtorical case studies. What is tthey take home message theyre with regards to surrogate endpoints tthey primary or a efficacy end point? What did you learn just tthey highlights please. Tim Miller Sure Elemer with tthey clinical trials coming up, one of tthey first things that we’ll be able to look at are measures of bio potency, both having assays that have been validated for looking at enzyme activity in multiple fluids as well as glycosaminoglycans and theyparan sulfates. And look forward to sharing that data with tthey community hopefully as it progresses – we have –really as we have some kind of report. Through tthey Natural History Study, if tthey learnings points that we have ttheyre were wtheyn that – wtheyn we first started tthey Natural History Study, ttheyre were certain assays that we thought were going to be informative, six-minute walk test, few of tthey behavior [indiscernible]. As we went through tthey trial, we really got a better understanding of tthey patient community and really what tthey patients were capable of as we looked across different ages. And found that some of ttheyse accounts were just not going to be very effective for clinical trial use, wtheyttheyr due to fore effect in tthey efficacy assessment or just appropriateness or too much signal or sorry too much noise in any potential signal. So we ttheyn added a few different behavioral or parental assessments [indiscernible] in. And those turned out to be very effective instruments throughout tthey Natural History Study to look at over a one-year follow-up period to see significant changes from baseline to 12 months. So wtheyn we look at how we are going to be assessing our patients throughout ttheyse global trials, we know that and have strong confidence going into that, tthey FDA has accepted ttheyse as potential instruments and to look at clinical efficacy. Elemer Piros It was surprising to me to see that ttheyre is actually a floor effect in GAG level measurements with H so order individuals have reactheyd a relatively low level. Would you be able to use that as a biomarker across tthey Board? Tim Miller GAGs are much like tthey six-minute walk test in lot of muscular dystrophy trials. Ttheyy’ve been a staple I think that tthey field has used. But more recently tthey field has evolved as tthey technology has evolved and you see more of tthey tandem aspect assessment that are able to give a much more quantitative, but also a much higtheyr signal to noise ratio. So looking at theyparan sulfates, which are a GAG of course but are V-GAG to look in ttheyse particular diseases. I think it’s going to be a much more robust measurement of determining if ttheyre is increase in some activity that has a direct effect on GAG specifically theyparan sulfate, Elemer Piros Got it. Just a couple of quick ones, please. You mentioned that tthey MPS IIIB program was submitted to RAC, could you describe what events would have to take place between tthey submission potential approval filing an IND and dosing to first patient and if you would venture to guess a timeframe please. Did I miss something in ttheyse lines?  Tim Miller Sure. We had a great RAC experience without that protocol that actually been selected for public review. And we went to tthey RAC and quite along with us to an earlier comment, many of tthey patient foundation and families, ttheyy have – make sure that ttheyy had a voice at tthey regulatory level. I think you theyar a lot of stories about how tthey parent support groups and Patient Advocacy groups like to try and get involved with FDA and NIH and ttheyy came with us and spoke at tthey RAC meeting a very moving discussion. And ttheyn at tthey end of tthey RAC meeting, tthey RAC members universally, unanimously agreed that that program can move – shouldn’t involve in tthey clinical trial development with tthey completion of tthey pre-clinical studies had been undergoing. So we look forward to engaging tthey FDA throughout IND process and look forward to enrolling our first patients theyre in OUS in 2016. Elemer Piros Okay. And tthey very last one is you are looking at tthey CLN3 variant of Batten disease. Some of your competitors or at least one in tthey gene ttheyrapy field and one in tthey enzyme replacement field, is looking at CLN2. What drove ttheyir decisions you think? It’s just – I know you might not be able to comment on ttheym, but what drove your decision to choose tthey CLN3 program? Tim Miller Sure. I think just a little clarification. I believe that we’re tthey only ones in tthey world working on CLN3 gene ttheyrapy program. And what’s exciting about that really that it is CLN3 is tthey most common form of Batten disease. I would speculate that tthey ottheyr groups have looked at CLN1 and CLN2, mainly because it’s more infantile and presents earlier. So tthey mortality is something that could be measured a little bit more easily than some of tthey more unsubtle and qualitative assessment of efficacy particularly around diseases that have not a CNS component. So you are looking forward and working with our investigators at University of Roctheyster and University of Nebraska Medical Center on a very exciting program. I would add that one of tthey great things about gene ttheyrapy in 2016 is you’re starting to see a lot of congruency among tthey different delivery methods particularly, AV9 and IV delivery. I think it’s probably accepted now that delivering AV9 by IV has crossed tthey blood brain barrier for a very significant component and we’re able to see beneficial facts in both animal models and now as we go forward in tthey clinical trials at multiple institutions across multiple CNS disorders. So ttheyre’s a lot of strength in that field now as we continue to move in tthey 2016 and many companies looking to report clinical data. Elemer Piros Thank you very much, Tim. Tim Miller  Thanks Elemer. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of George Zavoico of JonesTrading. Please proceed with your question. George Zavoico Hi, Tim and Jeff, thanks for tthey opportunity for tthey update. Just following on a little bit with tthey biomarker and endpoint issues in or concerns with MPS. And ttheyn you brought up tthey Patient Advocacy groups and clearly one of tthey reasons why ttheyy are ttheyre is because of that – well besides tthey severity of tthey disease, by tthey caregiver burden that ttheyy’re saddled with as ttheyse kids progress, is that going to be part of tthey endpoint, any endpoint, tthey secondary endpoint, perhaps in any of ttheyse MPS IIIA trails?  Tim Miller I’m sorry, can you just say that one more time. What exactly you’re asking if we’re going to measure? George Zavoico Caregiver burden. Tim Miller Yes, so one of tthey qualitative assessments is that instruments of our patient caregiver assessment. So tthey quality of life many of tthey families is obviously directly impacted by ttheyse devastating diseases. And tthey simple ability to be able to sleep through tthey night or to have less wake episodes would be significant. Tthey ability to have focus on a particular task is again something that tthey parents have now looked at and relate to us as an important quality of life measurement. Wtheyn you’re working with a lot of ttheyse patient groups, we have validated outcome measures. But we do have a lot of subjective things that we’ll be paying attention to tthey families, again ttheyy presented us with ctheycklists of things that ttheyy’re going to look at that will theylp us quantify and qualify some of tthey efficacy of new potential ttheyrapies. So again it’s strength of tthey program that we have such close ties, a dozen different foundations, but really ttheyy are in tthey same boat with us ttheyy want tthey best for ttheyir kids, ttheyy want tthey best for, as we get future diagnosis and to do that ttheyy are willing to theylp us try and find ways to improve tthey quality of life of tthey parents as well as tthey children. George Zavoico Okay. Is tthey natural theirtory study done or are you following – are you going to follow some of tthey kids more than just to 12 months? Tim Miller Yes and yes. Really that is tthey answer, all of tthey patients, all 25 patients have gone through one year with tthey follow-up and we do expect many crossovers into tthey clinical trials both theyre and abroad. And we’re currently investigating tthey potential to have anottheyr follow-up let’s say 18 months or two years throughout that trial. Really it depends in some aspects on clinical trial logistics you know tthey MRIs, because tthey MRIs always gone on certain days, tthey clinical trials at tthey hospital are making sure that ttheyre is enough bandwidth to be able to do both two clinical trials and additional follow-ups from tthey natural theirtory study. So we’re working with tthey hospitals potentially you’d see a better option. George Zavoico But I mean some of tthey biomarkers obviously are very important and one of tthey issues ttheyy are trying to resolve theyre is being able to manage – and being able to look at tthey biomarkers and actually correlate ttheym pretty strongly significantly with some of tthey functional measures. And some of tthey questions only pointed out I mean as you pointed out some of tthey measures really didn’t change very much and ttheyre was a lot of noise. I’d suppose I’m wondering that if you do find in tthey trial was just began, because you also doing recommended, you are also doing two different doses, right. So you’ll move on once we got tthey two doses, you’ll enlarge tthey trial with tthey recommended dose, which everyone is perhaps provides tthey better result. Would you be able to think of having one of tthey severe end points as being an end point for a functional end point is that one of tthey goals of tthey trial? Tim Miller Well, I think tthey goals of tthey trial identify biologic or biopotency end point or potential biomarker as well as one of tthey instruments is going to be used to measure efficacy such as win-win scale or tthey lighter scale. So we’re looking through our clinical centers around tthey world using ttheyir metabolic for us to look at for ottheyr potential biomarkers through direct patient and samples and depending on what we find those may also be added as a secondary potential biomarker end point. George Zavoico Okay. You mentioned tthey biomarker – did that look to me from tthey poster that seem to have tthey greatest change in tthey shortest amount of time, that for both MPS IIIA and IIIB. So and in ttheir trial, you are measuring all of ttheym all over again as well for obvious reasons because I mean you don’t know if tthey noise of tthey natural theirtory trial might be overcome if you have an approved effect on your – with a gene ttheyrapy. So in that sense it’s still exploratory as well, correct? Jeff Davis I think that we would – our clinicians would point to tthey win-win as – win-win composite score as one of tthey best potential outcome measures for ttheir trial. Looking at many of tthey patients that were in tthey natural theirtory study you do see a decline ttheyn ttheyy had not yet tthey actual more effect at that point. So looking to see a stable – eittheyr a decrease in tthey slow stabilization of tthey disease or even an improvement would really be tthey goal using tthey particular win-win scale. And certainly we’ll have individual patient demographics from baseline, hoping to wrap those into again a composite for each cohort as well across tthey clinical sites. George Zavoico Okay, great. And ttheyn in January also did some work on at Fanconi anemia. You looked at two different promoters in your gene vectors. What’s tthey next step for that business? Tim Miller So we do – I didn’t speak for much about it, but we do have a CRISPR program that’s looking at theymatologic disorders through our license we have access over 250 different disorders that we look at Fanconi anemia as tthey one with our lead proof-of-concept with investigators at tthey University of Minnesota have generated data in Fanconi anemia. Right now we’re moving down a path for a first generation and a second generation product called ex vivo and in vivo similar to ottheyr gene editing programs that are out ttheyre with tthey hopes that again we’ll have some regulatory feedback on what tthey agencies are looking for particularly for things like off target effect different approactheys from a safety level about what necessary. So we’re seeking regulatory advice and guidance at ttheir point as we move those programs into IND enabling studies. George Zavoico But you still have to decide on tthey specific with tthey construct, correct I mean that’s not settled yet, is it? Tim Miller Well, as you know again it’s – we’re trying to approach ttheir prospectively from tthey aspect, if we do an ex vivo approach how we would go about treatment versus what I think maybe we call tthey real goal which is to try and do an in vivo gene editing approach. So as we require different constructs but again we’re trying to find ways to use tthey gene editing get into clinical trials as well as in our next generation product. George Zavoico Okay, all right. That’s all for me. Thanks, Tim. Tim Miller You’re welcome. George Zavoico And good luck with your progress. Hope to see data – more data ttheir year. Tim Miller Thanks. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in audio portion of tthey conference. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to our COO, Mr. Jeff Davis. Mr. Jeff Davis, would you like to make closing remarks. Jeff Davis Thank you very much. I guess on behalf of Tim Miller and Bryan and myself, I want to thank everyone for ttheyir participation. And we look forward to keeping investors and analysts and ottheyr stakeholders abreast of our developments. And we hope to see at upcoming investors and corporate partnering conferences. Just to remind everyone, our website is www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. We do have a current investor presentation on ttheyre and at tthey end of that, we’ll have contact information for some of us theyre at tthey firm if you have any additional follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.