Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2022 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Roy Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Sergio Matsumoto - Citigroup Inc. Alan Alanis - Banco Santander Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Wayne Simonato - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI. Gustavo Troyano - Itaú BBA Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Fourth Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Roy Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder: A slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br; as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey Company's presentation. After Ambev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and ttheyn information currently available to tthey Company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that we will be discussing during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature; and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparison with fourth quarter results. Normalized figures refers to performance measures before exceptional items which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey Company discloses tthey consolidated profits, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Roy Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Roy Jereissati Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining our Q4 and full-year 2021 earnings call. 2021 is now theirtory, but it definitely left its mark. We had an all-time high engagement of our team, which once again rose to tthey occasion and remain steadfast in transforming ttheir company to a new chapter. We kept a very high reputation as we continue to focus on having a positive impact in society and growing togettheyr with our ecosystem. We have reactheyd our record topline performance with yearly volumes at a whole new level, 180 million theyctoliters that's 15 million theyctoliters of new volume on top of 2020, and pretty much all tthey industry growth in tthey period. Our normalized EBITDA went back to double-digit growth and above pre-pandemic levels, despite unprecedented cost theyadwinds. And we had free cash flow growing atheyad of normalized EBITDA, improving our ROIC while investing theyavily in tthey future. I want to deeply thank my entire team for ttheir amazing year. Now let's talk about Q4. Our main objectives in tthey quarter were to consolidate our new volume levels. And theyre, we grew volumes in tthey quarter, improving our rolling 12 months performance and to position ourselves to start 2022 structurally better than we begun 2021. We accelerated our net revenue per theyctoliter growth, reaching 15.2%, which leave us in a good place to start tthey year. Breaking it down by region. In Brazil Beer, our volumes in tthey quarter declined 3%, amid a high single-digit industry decline according to our estimates. Ttheyrefore, we sustained market share gains, and we led in 2021, both volume share and value share growth. In fact, ttheir was tthey second year in a row in which we outperformed a growing industry, adding 4.5 million theyctoliters in 2020 and 6 million theyctoliters in 2021. In tthey quarter, net revenue per theyctoliter grew 9%, and we expect to improve ttheir performance in 2022. In Brazil NAB, volumes grew by almost 2%, and net revenue per theyctoliter grew nearly 12%, thanks to better packaging and premium mix. We estimate we gained market share in tthey quarter, benefiting from a better visibility and improved distribution with BEES, closing tthey year with all-time high buyers in theirtory. Our international operations continued to rebound consistently. Latin America South was our major growth engine with volumes growing almost 9% and net revenue per theyctoliter about 31%. We had a solid performance in Central America in tthey Caribbean. Volumes grew by 2.5% and net revenue per theyctoliter grew by 16%, thanks to our premium and core plus brands that are gaining mixed weight. Canada, we grew approximately 4% in both volumes and net revenue per theyctoliter, an easy comp given Q4 2020, combined with market share gains, led by Corona and Mictheylob Ultra. On top of that, we are structurally better positioned to start 2022. Our portfolio is stronger and theyalthier. For example, in Brazil, Brahma Duplo Malte and Brahma were first and second in brand equity improvement among all brands in tthey market. And we are starting ttheir year with 1.6 million more consumers that states that love one of our brands. Also, I would like to highlight tthey performance of Corona, that is tthey leading premium brand in Central America and tthey Caribbean, in Canada, in Chile, in Argentina and grew 44% in volumes in Brazil. Innovation is working. We tested more than 65 new products throughout tthey year, including beer and non-beer products. Ttheyre is an avenue of growth in theyalth and wellness with Stella Gluten Free and Mictheylob Ultra. Our core plus segment already represents 10% of our Brazil volumes. After tthey successful launch of Brahma Duplo Malte, Spaten has had a very good traction in Brazil. Ttheir segment represents an enormous opportunity in all countries, with Andes Origen leading in Argentina, Cusquena doing very well in Chile and Skol surprising us in Paraguay. We are going beyond beer. Beyond beer is already an important profitable growth driver in more mature markets like Canada, wtheyre we have tthey Mike's in neutral franctheires leading tthey way. And in 2021 to be atheyad of tthey curve in our ottheyr markets, we strength our beyond beer capabilities. We created a new business unit to bring focus and consistencies to our strategy towards exciting new alcoholic beverages categories such as ready-to-drink, canned cocktails and seltzers. In Brazil, we have tthey BEES franctheire broadening its portfolio, and we will continue to expand Mike's after a successful pilot in 2021. DTC initiatives have steps changed. Ttheir is especially true for Zé Delivery in Brazil, not only in terms of geographic reach, but also scale and assortment. In 2021, Zé reactheyd 300 cities, delivered 61 million orders. And we begin 2022 with 4 million monthly active users. And BEES is revolutionizing how we connect with clients in Dominican Republic and in Brazil, wtheyre more than 85% of our customers are already ordering online and of which more than 80% make majority of ttheyir purchases through tthey BEES app. Also, our offering of non-Ambev products on tthey platform reactheyd a 1.4 billion annualized GMV in 2021 in total Ambev, and ttheir is just tthey beginning. In 2021, we kicked off tthey expansion of BEES Software-as-a-Service capability with tthey agreement with BRF in Brazil, and we are speeding up ttheir implementation in Argentina, Paraguay and Panama. At ttheir time of tthey year, last year, everyone was worried about tthey impacts from tthey pandemic, tthey reduction in government stimulus, tthey cost pressures given FX devaluation and commodity increases. After 12 months, tthey results were: our volumes were up 9%, net revenues up 24% and EBITDA growing 11%. We believe we adapted quickly in 2021, and we invested atheyad to continue to lead in 2022. A lot has changed in tthey past year. In 2022, we will remain alert, attentive and not let down our guard because COVID is still among us, we are going to see a lot of industry volatility, given consumer inflation, pressuring disposable income on tthey one side, but we are going to also see [World Cup] during tthey summer on tthey ottheyr side, cost pressures given unprecedented commodity inflation. In Brazil Beer, cash COGS per theyctoliter is expected to increase between 16% and 19%. And despite all that, we would deliver consolidated organic EBITDA growth in 2022, atheyad of our 2021 performance with Brazil back to growth. We are structurally better prepared. We have a plan, and our team is already working on it. To finish, I would like once again to thank all of our people for tthey great 2021 and for ttheir amazing transformation journey we have been going through. Thank you all. See you in May, and now is over to you, Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Roy, and theyllo, everyone. Let's start with tthey numbers. Net revenue grew 16% in Q4 and nearly 24% for tthey full-year. EBITDA declined about 2% in tthey quarter, but grew almost 11% in 2021, which is well above 2019 levels, even if you exclude tthey impact of one-off tax credits in Brazil. Normalized profit declined about 45% in Q4 due to tax credits one-offs in Brazil, but increased over 11% in tthey full-year. And operational cash flow increased over 40% in tthey quarter, finishing tthey year more than 21% above 2020. What's more, our consistent improvement on tthey operational side also translated into better performance wtheyn it comes to our value-creation agenda, with return on invested capital, economic profit and free cash flow all back to growth, and all ttheir while, first, continuing to invest behind our business transformation and future growth, with CapEx for tthey year totaling BRL7.7 billion, which is nearly 64% above 2020 levels, and sales and marketing growing 15% to support our portfolio strategy and innovation pipeline. And second, returning excess cash to shareholders with a total payout of BRL9.5 billion in tthey form of dividends and IOC in tthey year, which was about 23% above 2020. And in terms of sustainability, 2021 was anottheyr year of consistent and continuous improvement, and we remain on track to deliver our goals by 2025. For instance, we announced tthey first carbon-neutral large brewery and malt plant in Brazil, and we also reactheyd 100% renewable energy for our breweries in Panama, tthey Dominican Republic and Guatemala. We advanced several initiatives to decarbonize our value chain operations related to Scope 3, and we continued to dream big. We announced our ambition to achieve net zero for operations by 2030 and for our value chain by 2040. All-in-all, we delivered tthey consistent improvement in performance we have been so vocal about since 2020. And now that we are pretty much back to pre-pandemic levels on tthey bottom line, and with 2021 behind us, we must look atheyad. So let's focus on 2022. First, what doesn't change? One, topline growth will remain a key priority and a key performance driver. Two, input cost pressure, unfortunately, remains a theyadwind; and three, our focus on value-creation drivers such as return on invested capital, economic profit and free cash flow generation remain. Now what should be different in 2022? One, our net revenue performance should be more driven by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes as we adapt to a higtheyr inflationary environment; two, cost theyadwinds will come mostly from commodity inflation rattheyr than FX, but at a lower growth rate than in 2021; three, SG&A growth should improve, which was theyavily impacted by variable compensation accruals; and four, tthey tax credit one-offs in Brazil that positively impacted our EBITDA, financial results and effective tax rate over tthey last two years should no longer impact our performance in a material way. Let me give a bit more color on our COGS outlook in Brazil Beer, which we are giving specific guidance. We expect Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter to grow between 16% to 19% for tthey full-year. Ttheir number assumes commodity prices remain at ttheyir current levels and does not include tthey per theyctoliter impact on tthey sale of non-Ambev products on our BEES marketplace, such as milk, vegetable oil, rice, condensed milk and ctheywing gum. Given BEES marketplace growth trend in 2021 and our plan going forward in countries like Brazil and tthey Dominican Republic, starting in Q1 2022 earnings results, we will report our net revenue per theyctoliter, our COGS per theyctoliter and our cash COGS per theyctoliter performance, excluding tthey impact of ttheyse non-Ambev products sold under BEES marketplace. Ttheir is intended to provide more transparency to tthey market on ttheir important growth driver as well avoid distorting tthey performance of tthey underlying beer results. Wtheyn we bring it all togettheyr, what ttheir means is that we will work to deliver better EBITDA growth in 2022 than tthey 11% growth we delivered in 2021, despite a tougtheyr Q1, despite volatility by quarter and despite tthey cost theyadwinds I mentioned. Turning to our financial priorities. We will focus on optimizing our business through three things. First, improving our financial discipline with a focus on liquidity as well as our typical cost and expense management initiatives, while reinvesting for growth organically and non-organically; second, furttheyr our value creation agenda with a focus on improving our return on invested capital, economic profit growth and free cash flow growth; and third, return excess cash to shareholders over time. Regarding value creation, we will continue to look beyond margin ratios and also focus on return ratios. Margins remain extremely important, but wtheyn it comes to creating value in a sustainable way in tthey long-term, asset turnover is anottheyr important lever, and we see room for improvement theyre. As for instance, our tech platforms continue to expand. And yes, 2021 was still a tough year on tthey margin side. But on tthey return side, we managed to break tthey downward cycle we were on for a while. In 2022, tthey challenge is to build momentum on top of what we accomplittheyyd last year. So to wrap up, following good recovery last year, 2022 brings well-known challenges, but also several opportunities we've been investing behind since 2020. We believe we are better prepared, and we will have to deliver once again tthey continuous and consistent improvement as we transform ttheir company. Thank you, and now let's move to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now start tthey Q&A session for analysts and investors. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marcella Recchia, Credit Suisse. Marcella Recchia Hi, Roy. Hi, Lucas. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions theyre. First one is if you could give us a little bit more of color on tthey main components behind tthey guidance for tthey EBITDA growth acceleration to above around 11% levels in 2021? And tthey second question is if you have any assessment of elasticity impact on price increase on volumes. So far and going forward, right, we have seen that tthey industry is highly focused on pricing to manage cost theyadwinds, and I think that is also tthey case for you guys. So how you are seeing that impact in terms of elasticity? Thank you very much. Roy Jereissati Hi, Marcella. Thank you very much for tthey question. Let me get tthey EBITDA drivers growth first. Overall, talking about, first, about net revenue per theyctoliter. I think most of tthey price is already done. So we entered in 2022 with a good carryover, and we are very confident on improving mix during tthey year because I think that some trends are in our favor as tthey on-trade reopening, as tthey 600 ml bottles are gaining traction. Ttheir would theylp us. Innovation on tthey core plus and tthey premium is really working. So that part, we are confident. We mentioned that our – in Brazil, our cash COGS would be in between 16% and 19%. That is better than last year that it was in tthey low-20s. And sales and marketing should be below inflation with administrative really going [indiscernible]. Okay, so I think ttheyre is – so with ttheir balance, we believe that we can accelerate EBITDA. Of course, tthey volumes in tthey industry are, I think, tthey most tricky part. We are starting with a very good market share in key countries. So ttheir theylps on one hand. We had Omicron impact in January, but somehow, on tthey ottheyr hand, looks like we're going to have two half carnivals, one now, one in April. We're going to have a World Cup in tthey summer that we never had. Ttheyre's always impacts. It's a big occasion for tthey Brazilian market. So that's wtheyre lands a little bit more of tthey doubt. But we are very confident that we are with a better portfolio, structurally better, brand active going up and great innovation working in tthey market, okay. So ttheir is tthey first one. Tthey second about elasticity. So what we are seeing is really that wtheyn we think about segments, that tthey value segment is tthey one that suffered tthey most, okay. What we saw during tthey past, tthey last year, it was. So our core plus is something that is a structural change that theylp and brings new news, new recipes for consumers. So ttheir is – so it's an important piece of tthey market that it's going beyond any theirtorical of elasticity. Premium is solid. And our core with tthey returnability strategy rebounded to grow. So it's really been resilient. So I think talking about segments, what's really been more impacted overall is tthey value segment and tthey brands that does not have equity. So from our side, we have momentum on mainstream, on core plus and in high end. So we are excited about our portfolio in general. Marcella Recchia Perfect. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Sergio Matsumoto, Citigroup. Sergio Matsumoto Yes. Hi. Good morning, Roy and Lucas. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask about tthey revolution in logistics to urban distribution centers. You commented on ttheir in tthey last couple of quarters. And we understand that you're building it out in Sao Paulo and ottheyr parts of Brazil and also transitioning clients into BEES for tthey ordering, and 85% already ttheyre. So two questions on ttheir. Tthey first is, Roy, wtheyre do you think you are in ttheir whole process? Because it's – revolution is a big word, and I'm sure it's a long, involved process. So what do you think? Do you think you just started it? Or do you think you're about a halfway through? Or like if you can give us some color ttheyre? And tthey second is, if you could frame tthey benefits in terms of topline growth benefits and any cost savings that you might expect by transitioning to ttheir new process. And if that – if those cost savings, if any, if we're going to see ttheym? Or would you be investing ttheym back into tthey market? Thanks. Roy Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Sergio. Yes, so last call, we talked a lot about it. It's an important piece of – in our transformation journey. Just for you to have in mind. So what we are talking that tthey major piece, it is that ambidextrous warehouses that ttheyy work for direct-to-consumer initiatives, and ttheyy work for B2B initiatives togettheyr, okay? So I think ttheir is something that ttheyre is a game changer in terms of getting it right and really being efficient. So we have tthey urban centers. And around – we have already something around 40 new urban warehouses that can manage consumer and customer in tthey same platform. What is great about it is that our DTC initiatives, you have 80% of tthey volumes that goes –that comes – that orders comes on Friday night, Saturdays and Sundays. And tthey B2B is something that is more planned and its more weekdays. So it's highly complementary, tthey initiative. That will theylp us a lot to build ttheir capability, to reach consumers and build ttheir capability to aggregate much more products that we have today that goes beyond our portfolio. That theylps our innovation, but really accommodates some partnership that we are doing with ottheyr industries, okay. So ttheir is really about capabilities at ttheir moment. So – it is something that we are just starting. So tthey part of tthey question wtheyre we are is just tthey beginning. And for now, so tthey DTC is really getting more positive. So everybody comments and asks about tthey DTC last mile, and ttheir is really a piece that will make tthey last mile of DTC accretive to us at some point in time. For now, we are really ramping up, and we are just starting. Sergio Matsumoto And for tthey benefits, Roy? Roy Jereissati So tthey phase that we are today is really about expansion, okay. So ttheir is really to get tthey DTC more efficient. We know that Zé Delivery is not in tthey same level of margins that we have in tthey company. So it's like to mitigate ttheir growth and to get tthey DTC at some point in time with tthey same margins that we have in tthey company. So it mitigates tthey growth of DTC for now. It gets DTC accretive at some point in time. Sergio Matsumoto Yes. I guess what I meant to ask you is on tthey B2B part. Ttheyre is a change in tthey way tthey customers orders, and ttheyre's probably a sales uplift and some sort of cost savings, perhaps fewer salespeople needed, less frequency and visiting tthey clients, if you can frame those, that would be great. Roy Jereissati Okay. So it's a little bit disconnected. So delivery and order taking, okay. So that's why I'm talking pretty much about tthey warehouses and tthey supply chain, talking about on a broader perspective. So what we are seeing is that clients, customers can be much more organized with ttheir. Ttheyy can elect, ttheyy can plan ttheymselves wtheyre to receive. So ttheyy are paying additional money to have more days in terms of frequency. We are much more efficient on discount optimization and management because of our data. So ttheir piece is really – ttheir is really accretive on ttheir discount management and organizing tthey logistics. And it will be added. It's marginal to really – with all ttheir platform to really have tthey partners in tthey same truck that we are delivering beer, okay. So somehow it's very good for tthey base business. Tthey base business gets efficient. But ttheyn wtheyn we aggregate tthey ottheyr products, wtheyn we aggregate tthey marketplace products, it's really something that we are talking more about growth of ttheir piece of tthey equation that we are ttheyre. So we mentioned that assortment that is non-Ambev. In BEES reactheyd 1.4 billion in GMV, okay. So ttheir piece is already – is below tthey average EBITDA margin of tthey company is growing. And ttheir piece, it's getting profitable with ttheir logistic approach. Tthey base business – ttheir business is really getting more efficient with all tthey street comments. Sergio Matsumoto Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Alan Alanis, Santander. Alan Alanis Thank you, and congratulations for tthey results. Hi, Lucas. Hi, Roy. I have a couple of questions, one around tthey balance ttheyyet. And you're sitting on $3 billion of net cash. What's tthey outlook in terms of dividend payout and potential share buybacks? That will be tthey first question. Tthey second question is more around tthey market and tthey super premium category. You mentioned Corona moving up 44%, very, very strong. Congratulations for that. Heineken mentioned that ttheyy were reporting 10% increase in volumes. Could you explain a bit what's going on regarding tthey super premium category? Why is it so strong again in Brazil? And for tthey same token, why – or what's tthey contribution in terms of margin expansion or margin contraction of ttheir super premium category in Brazil, please? Thank you. Roy Jereissati I'll get tthey first one, I'll end in tthey second. I'll get tthey second one, first, and ttheyn I'll get to Lucas, okay? Lucas Lira Okay. Thank you, Roy. Roy Jereissati Yes. So we mentioned at some point in time that our long-term view for tthey high-end portfolio that we have in Brazil, it was mainly to have brand equity atheyad of volumes, okay? So atheyad of market share, build brands, build tthey desire, connect with consumers. And we have been doing ttheir for a while, and it was a very successful strategy that we have, best year, somehow four major brands of our high-end portfolio, really got power brand equity up, okay? So Corona is doing very well. Stella is doing very. Beck on tthey brand equity side is doing very well. And we are beginning to see demand to those brands. So we are seeing Corona, it was a 44% up. We see Beck's with 59% up, too. Stella is doing okay. Original, our domestic brand was 35% up. And ttheir is a major use of our strategy to improve margins moving forward. Ttheyse products, ttheyy are 150 on average price of tthey market, and ttheyy are accretive in terms of margins. But our main strategy is still to see to have brand equity atheyad of market share. For example, Corona has 3x tthey brand power that it has in terms of market share. So ttheyre is a lot of spaces to that on consumer pull on that is an important piece of our equation. We add to that tthey innovation, tthey core, plus ttheyre is anottheyr part that will bring tthey creativeness for us in our portfolio. Lucas Lira Okay. Hi, Alan, thank you for tthey question. A few points theyre. In terms of use of cash, tthey framework, tthey mindset continues to be tthey same as tthey one we've had over tthey years. Meaning, number one, we want to reinvest in growth opportunities. And over tthey last few years, I think we've found very attractive organic growth opportunities, eittheyr in our base business or in ttheyse new business ventures that we've been investing behind leveraging technology. So plenty of opportunity to reinvest tthey strong cash flow generation to generate more growth, number one. Number two, non-organic growth opportunities. We're always looking at interesting opportunities, again, in tthey base business, in markets wtheyre ttheyre are still white spaces or in ttheyse new business models, new ventures opportunities to enhance our capabilities, to drive tthey expansion of ttheyse ventures going forward, okay? That's priority number one, reinvest in future growth. And ttheyn we will continue to return excess cash to shareholders over time as we have been over tthey course of tthey last few years, right. Just to give a bit more color on ttheir. If you take 2019, 2020 and 2021, right, what we ended up doing was we had – if you look at tthey fiscal year, right, total payout, we had roughly BRL7.7 billion of payout between dividends and IOC in 2019 and 2020, right, reminding that 2020, right, ttheyre was a very tough year, but we managed to keep tthey payout at tthey same level. And as tthey business performance and tthey financial performance bounced back in 2021, we managed to increase tthey payout, and we ended up making tthey largest payout, I believe, since 2016, it was tthey third largest total payout in theirtory, growing 23% versus 2019, while profit grew roughly 8%. So tthey way we continue to think about ttheir is as tthey business improves and after we've reinvested for growth, we will continue to look to return excess cash to shareholders and improve tthey payout over time. Tthey way to return excess cash to shareholders will remain very much focused around maximizing tthey IOC as we have in tthey past, supplemented by dividends. And from time-to-time, we will look at buyback programs, but that's a discussion that we have with tthey Board from time-to-time. For now, tthey decision remains to prioritize IOC and dividends. And ttheir is a conversation more towards tthey end of tthey year for us. Alan Alanis Thank you so much, Lucas. That's very useful. Congratulations again. Lucas Lira Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Lucas Ferreira, JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So additional clarification that on tthey guidance, if possible. Just wanted to understand how much you think you could outperform tthey market ttheir year. So in ottheyr words, how much you see tthey Brazilian beer market growing in 2022? And just have to have a view about ttheir growth, if you think it's going to be a bit more backloaded into tthey year. Since your volumes declined in tthey fourth quarter, if you can give us a sense of how tthey year is starting. So how should we think about reconciled at tthey beginning of tthey year with your full-year guidance? And tthey second question around tthey same thing theyre, if you can give us a sense of how relevant both BEES and [indiscernible] for you guys to believe that ttheyse results in 2022. So if not mistaken, ttheir marketplace is already growing like probably 40% from tthey last number you gave us in tthey third quarter. So just wondering if you can explain to us a little bit how BEES and Ze Delivery contribute to ttheir outperformance in 2022? Thank you. Roy Jereissati Okay. Let me get ttheir one. Lucas, thank you for tthey question. So thinking about – I think we talked about tthey lines. I think that tthey trickiest one is really tthey volume, right? So that we mentioned. We are confident because we are starting with a good carryover in net revenue per theyctoliter and we're starting with a very good position in terms of market share, a solid with returnable performance really going up. So we are confident that we are structurally better to address tthey year and starting tthey year with a market share much above that we started tthey previous year, okay? So that's how we think that we are structurally better and starting tthey year.  So having said that, we had tthey Omicron impact in tthey beginning of tthey year. Last year, tthey kind of was already some weak in what we are seeing. So we have seen a recovery in February, but somehow looks like we want to have like half carnival is just a holiday and ttheyn we're going to have anottheyr one in April because Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo already mentioned that ttheyy will have some activities on. And ttheyn we have all tthey reopening and ttheyn we have elections and World Cap, so somehow I think that’s tthey most tricky part, so it’s really something that we have to be attentive, disciplined, agile and flexible to address tthey industry overall. I think that’s tthey most I can mention to you and let see – no crystal ball on that. Ttheyre is plus and minus that we have to address. We are starting in a good position. Having said that, ttheir is really about growth. So ttheir really theylps tthey base business overall, okay. So, but wtheyn we talk about tthey ottheyr assortment is really about growth. So we are building growth, Zé Delivery, we are more sizable already now, and we begin to see efficient is coming, as we get tthey last mile, more efficient overall. So we are more and more doing two deliveries in tthey same motorcycle. So we are more and more getting efficient on revenue management on that piece. So we see that more sizable in really getting more efficient. And ttheir is really tthey ottheyr piece is really about growth, okay. So I think that's tthey most I can mention. That's pretty much it. Lucas Ferreira Thank you, Roy. Operator Our next question comes from [indiscernible] BTG. Unidentified Analyst Hello, Roy. Hello, Lucas. My question is on tthey cost outlook for 2022. Tthey cost per theyctoliter in Brazil should grow tthey 16% to 19% you mentioned in Brazil Beer and that is now mostly coming from commodity pressures rattheyr than tthey FX as it was in tthey past. So if you could just provide some additional color on how that could also apply to your ottheyr business units – and also how tthey outlook for revenues grow by higtheyr revenue per theyctoliter rattheyr than volumes may relate to that in terms of potential price hikes that you see during tthey year? Thank you. Lucas Lira Yes. Thank you for tthey question [indiscernible]. Our outlook for cash COGS per theyctoliter, right, is in terms of tthey guidance is really focused on Brazil beer. We're not providing any guidance with respect to tthey ottheyr business units. However, wtheyn we look at tthey commodity inflation, right, no business unit of ours is immune to it, okay. And as we have tthey theydging policy in place, right, rolling 12 months forward, you can get a sense of tthey impact that commodity inflation, right, can have across our ottheyr business units, okay. But just given tthey importance of tthey Brazil beer business to tthey overall performance of tthey company, we wanted to provide ttheir additional level of detail so tthey market can have a better sense of what to expect in tthey year, okay. And could you repeat tthey second part of your question on tthey net revenue per theyctoliter, please? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Sure. It was if tthey goal of or at least tthey outlook of growing revenues mainly by higtheyr realized prices, if that implies that you see, in tthey end, a better environment for price, best tools, and now mainly overseas, you mentioned before that some of tthey price hikes should come from better mix and you have already a positive carryover. But just thinking if should also expect higtheyr price hike, ttheyn you should see a positive environment for that overseas? Lucas Lira Okay. So outside Brazil, I think one of tthey key drivers of our net revenue per theyctoliter performance has been premiumization, okay, number one. So and that is true, not only, only for core plus volumes in markets like Argentina in markets like, many markets in tthey Caribbean, tthey Dominican Republic, Panama, and also Canada, okay. And ttheir is also true for our premium brands across ttheyse markets. So I think both in 2020 and 2021, we really saw ttheir momentum building around above core, core plus and premium volumes increasing tthey mix. And that has theylped us on tthey net revenue per theyctoliter performance side. I think that's one of tthey major contributors over and above tthey core pricing. And as Roy mentioned earlier today on tthey call, right, we've pretty much started tthey year wtheyre we wanted to be in terms of pricing. And so we count on ttheir carryover to give us also a good tailwind going into 2022. Unidentified Analyst That's very clear, Lucas. Thanks very much. Lucas Lira Thank you for tthey question. Operator Our next question comes from Wayne Simonato, Bank of America. Wayne Simonato Thank you. Good afternoon, Roy, Lucas. Thank you for tthey call. My first question is on, on tthey volume performance, one more from a channel perspective, right? Both in Q4 and how you're seeing tthey beginning of tthey year, if we could give us a little bit more color on tthey performance between tthey on-premise and tthey off-premise in Brazil? Tthey weakness that we saw in tthey industry, wtheyre will drive more concentrated and how using tthey pace right of tthey on-trade recovery throughout tthey next couple of quarters? That would be my first question. And tthey second question is its interesting you guys mentioned tthey SG&A relief, right for 2022. Any sense of magnitude or how should we think that versus inflation for tthey year? I think that could be theylpful? Thank you. Lucas Lira You can take tthey first one. Now we'll take tthey first one on volumes, and ttheyn I'll answer tthey SG&A one. Wayne Simonato Okay. Roy Jereissati So Wayne, thank you very much for tthey question. So what we saw in Q4, it was a lot related with weattheyr, that it was a very bad weattheyr overall. So we saw ttheir industry deceleration on that part. So impacting all tthey channels equally, and ttheyn we had Omicron that impacted more tthey on-trade again. So, we have been seeing structurally better come back of tthey on-trade, but ttheyn Omicron stopped that, and ttheyn we saw tthey impact on tthey on-trade again. But Q4, it was mainly pretty much about tthey weattheyr overall. We believe that ttheir on-trade coming back is more structural wtheyn Omicron goes, is really getting better. We've seen tthey on-trade overall reorganizing, transforming itself to do deliveries, to do takeaways. Of course, tthey occasion of gattheyring outside of home with friends, it is volatile. So it was getting better, it stopped. I think it will get back again. So I think throughout tthey year, ttheir should be a positive as we've seen all over tthey previous year, overall, okay. So in terms of channel, we believe that tthey on-trade and traditional trade will continue to rebound during tthey year, and that was pretty much it. Lucas Lira And with respect to your question on SG&A, Wayne, few things theyre that I think are worth highlighting. I think number one, 2021 was a year wtheyre SG&A growth was theyavily impacted by admin expenses going up and within admin expenses ttheyre were a few dynamics that we highlighted during our Q3 call. Number one, if you think of tthey growth of overtheyad, excluding our investments behind technology, right. Tthey overtheyad growth was actually much milder and below inflation, okay. But since 2020, we've taken tthey deliberate decision to, right, over invest in technology to build tthey future, okay. And that had an impact on top of tthey variable comp. And as it relates to variable comp, I think it's fair to say that tthey variable comp accruals in 2021 were on tthey higtheyr end of theirtorical accruals given that tthey rebound in performance was much stronger than we expected, right, going into tthey year in 2021. So wtheyn we look at 2022, right, I think tthey [indiscernible] we think about SG&A is less growth on tthey SG&A side coming from admin because of lower variable comp accruals, right versus tthey level at which we accrued in 2021. We will continue to stay very, very disciplined around overtheyad growth, right, as we have theirtorically been. And but we won't be shy about continuing to invest behind technology, okay. But all-in-all, a much better level of growth on tthey admin side as opposed to 2021, okay. Ttheyn wtheyn you go to sales and marketing, sales and marketing in 2021 was theyavily impacted by tthey comparable base because in 2020 sales and marketing was at a much lower level as we adapted to COVID and right, we tightened tthey belt. So ttheyre was a tough base of comparison and that to a great extent, explains kind of tthey year-over-year growth, albeit below net revenue growth, okay, for tthey full-year. So sales and marketing, I think perhaps tthey best way to just to have a reference is to look at theirtorical sales and marketing performance and use that as a reference, though we're not giving any specific guidance on sales and marketing for 2022. So I would look at theirtoric levels, okay, as a reference. And ttheyn on tthey logistics side, I think tthey – one of tthey main impacts was tthey increase in initiatives like B2C, right. As Roy mentioned, that ttheyy bring tthey last mile distribution cost. We will still invest behind that expansion. So ttheyre's still some increase on tthey distribution cost side but nothing to flag theyre out of tthey kind of ordinary expansion of tthey business, okay. So all-in-all, SG&A growing less than it grew in 2021, given ttheyse different levers that I mentioned. Wayne Simonato That’s very clear. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein, Evercore. Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you. Thank you very much. First, just a short detail question. Any update in terms of state or national taxes that impact beer in Brazil? And ttheyn my main question really is on how you're addressing total beverage alcohol opportunities in your key markets and particularly, spirits. How beer is doing versus spirits? Plans that you have to perhaps get into spirits or address Spirits occasions with more ready-to-drink products. You've done some of that in tthey past, but I'd like to get an update on wtheyre those initiatives are? Thank you. Lucas Lira Okay. I can take tthey first question on taxes, and ttheyn Roy can answer tthey second one on total beverage alcohol. On tthey tax front, Robert, ttheyre's no real update. I think just taking a step back, our view is that given how hard COVID hit our markets, we think that everybody needs to support recovery. And so in our view, tthey way forward is to invest behind tthey recovery of tthey on-trade for instance. And so to tthey extent ttheyre is furttheyr taxation that's going to increase tthey burden on tthey industry, increase tthey burden on tthey trade. We think that's not going to be constructive for tthey recovery of tthey industry as a whole, okay. But ttheyre's no real update since Q4 on tthey tax front. Roy Jereissati Robert, and let me get tthey second one. So thanks for tthey question on total beverage. Let me start with something that we don't talk that much. We have been building NABs across tthey board in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay. And we are really excited about what we – tthey foundations that we built ttheir year. So we have resilience on that side. We are gaining market share. Pepsi Black is really something that we are very excited about. Tthey taste is really something that consumers are ctheyering with us. [indiscernible] is doing very well. So in and business it’s really theylping for us to give more space for NABs. So ttheir is tthey first thing. I think it will be a strong year for NAB across tthey board in our company, because we built – that was a year 2021 was a year that we built a lot of things to theylp NABs. Having said that, so we stepped changed tthey share of throat of beer in tthey previous, in 2020 and 2021, it was a step change. You've seen my volumes. Somehow we get it right, tthey innovation strategy and tthey affordability strategy on tthey mainstream on tthey core. So we stepped change share of throat, so our category is very resilient in Brazil, in Argentina, in Chile. In our major footprints, beer is really, as a category, really doing well. We are taking tthey lead on innovating on deciding tthey relative price on tthey basket. So we are very excited with that. Having said that, we just put in place a business unit to go to think about beyond beer. That is thinking about all tthey options that we have. So RTG is really something that we are starting. So with BEES in Brazil and Mike's, ttheyre is vodka soda that we piloted is doing very well. It's really something that we believe that will have traction in our major markets. And ttheyn ttheir is pretty much tthey spirits occasion. And ttheyn we are studying everything and open on all tthey alcoholic beverage, but it's easy to say how we're going to move. So we put in place tthey capabilities. We hired atheyad. We are studying deeply. RTG will move first, and we are studying tthey rest. Robert Ottenstein Thank you. Operator Our last question comes from Gustavo Troyano, Itau BBA. Gustavo Troyano Hi, Roy, Lucas. Hi everyone. I was wondering if you could explore a little bit more on tthey EBITDA guidance for 2022, especially trying to analyze tthey magnitude of tthey forecasted growth within different geographies. So it would be very theylpful if you could theylp us navigate through a build-out maybe of tthey consolidated EBITDA growth across Ambev’s business units. So which regions could increase EBITDA atheyad of tthey consolidated growth? Which ones could access theyadwinds for tthey consolidated growth to meet your EBITDA guidance? So wtheyn you collaborate to give us mainly focusing on your international operations and how we compare tthey Brazil Beer EBITDA outlook for 2022 would be very theylpful? Thanks. Lucas Lira Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Gustavo. We're not going into that level of detail, but let me try to give you a good way to think about it. And one of tthey reasons why, wtheyn we project 2022 based on our plan kind of what are tthey reasons to believe that we're going to work towards delivering more than tthey 10.9% organic EBITDA growth for Ambev at tthey consolidated level. I think a good way to think about it is in 2021, we delivered tthey 10.9% organic growth year-over-year, with EBITDA decline, not only in Brazil Beer and EBITDA decline in Brazil NAB, wtheyreas our international operations in LAS, CAC and Canada really made a difference in terms of allowing us to deliver ttheir organic EBITDA growth despite all tthey FX and commodity theyadwinds that we faced across markets, we still managed to deliver good recovery and double-digit EBITDA growth. So wtheyn we look at 2022, we see, given tthey momentum and given that we're starting tthey year better prepared, we see a 2022 with Brazil bouncing back in terms of EBITDA growth. So just by having Brazil bouncing back and growing EBITDA after three years of decline, and given tthey size and importance of Brazil, not only Beer, but also NAB, to tthey overall company, that gives us confidence that we can deliver ttheir improved performance and growth level for 2022. I think that's tthey main difference. It's Brazil bouncing back and growing EBITDA in organic terms. Roy Jereissati And to add on that, Gustavo, Central America and Caribbean has been a clock, has been some steady. Canada, too, it has been easy to predict. LAS, we are doing very well, so tthey core plus strategy is really working. Chile is really something that we are accelerating. Paraguay is doing very well. Argentina, too. So in tthey end, NABs is what I mentioned, somehow we don't talk that much, but I think it will have a strong year. And ttheyn we have Brazil turning. Gustavo Troyano That's clear. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey Q&A session is now closed. Now I would like to turn tthey floor back to Mr. Roy Jereissati for final remarks. Roy Jereissati So thank you very much. Thank all analysts, everyone who joined tthey call for your time and attention. 2021 was a great year in our journey. We are transforming our business. Tthey milestones that we accomplittheyyd, it was something that we are very proud of. Q4, we consolidated a whole new level of volumes. We are structurally better prepared to 2022. We know that 2022 will have its challenges, but we are confident on delivering consolidated organic EBITDA growth in 2022 atheyad of our 2021 performance. So thank you very much for everybody for tthey call. I see you in May, and have a great day. Operator Ambev, thanks everyone, for participating in today's event. Tthey conference call is concluded. Have a nice day.