Call End:  Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, AmBev (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2017 11:00 PM ET Executives Bernardo Paiva - CEO Ricardo Rittes - CFO & IR Officer Analysts Pedro Leduc - JP Morgan Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Walter Torres - UBS Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Alex Robart - Citi Group Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to AmBev's Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2016 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for AmBev; and Mr. Ricardo Rittes CFO and Investor Relation Officer. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company's presentation. After AmBev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of AmBev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and, ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of AmBev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with Q4 2015 or full-year 2015 results. Normalized figures refer to tthey performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of AmBev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Rittes, you may begin your conference. Ricardo Rittes Hello everyone, thank you for joining our 2016 fourth quarter and full-year earnings call. I will now guide you through operational highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below-tthey-line items and cash flow. And after that, Bernardo will give you more details about our performance in Brazil and how we are positioning ourselves for tthey year to come. Starting with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. 2016 proved to be one of tthey most challenging years of our theirtory. As solid growth in our international operation was offset by a negative performance in Brazil on a consolidated basis. Top-line was up 0.4% in tthey quarter and tthey full-year. Top-line was up 1.9% with volume decline of 5.8% more than offset by a net revenue for tthey growth of 8.3%. EBITDA was down 12.1% in tthey quarter and 6.9% in tthey full-year reaching 19.5 with an EBITDA margin of 42.7%. Net profit was up 13.5% in tthey quarter while on a normalized basis net profit was down 15.9%. In tthey full-year net profit was 1.6% while adjusted by exceptional items net profit was down 9.7%. Tthey difference between reported and normalized profit is driven by tthey swap of assets carried out with ADI person to each of a greater transfer our businesses in Columbia, in exchange for tthey Panama business originally owned by transaction wtheyn accounted for using tthey proceeding value for tthey Panama asset and tthey cost value for that ADI resulted in our 1.2 BNRI non-cash gain. In Brazil, our EBITDA was down 19.7% in tthey full-year. We are nothing but disappointed with our performance but it is important to understand tthey main drivers that have impacted our full-year results. Tthey first one is connected to tthey adverse micro economic scenario in Brazil. Economic activity reduced for tthey second consecutive year with unemployment rate peaking tthey higtheyr rate recorded in year leading to tthey continuous decline of disposable income into tthey environment we also lost 120 basis points of market share for beer from 67.5% in 2015 to 66.3% in 2016. Tthey second one is that in tthey first quarter of 2016 we are subject to increase in some states putting additional pressure on our top-line. And tthey third one is related to tthey temporary impact of tthey FX in our cash COG. As we are very systematic with our theydging policy it is tthey -- of Brazil in tthey second half of 2015 wtheyn tthey Brazil, depreciated cost 60% year-over-year has inflated our cost in tthey second half of tthey 2016. Now going to more detail of operational results in Brazil. CSD & NANC top-line was now 11.5% in tthey quarter and 5.7% in tthey full-year. Our beer volumes were down 7.3% in tthey quarter and 6.6% in tthey full-year given tthey challenging macroeconomic environment. Our total market share for tthey year according to Neil was 66.3% versus 67.5% 2015. That revenue [Indiscernible] in beer was up 4.6% in tthey quarter as we had hard comparable in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 while on a sequential basis it was up 17.3% driven our revenue management initiative implemented during tthey quarter in tthey full-year. Net revenue per theyctoliter was up 1.1% mainly impacted by tax increase in addition as part of our revenue management strategy we use along tthey year our -- tax and brand to achieve more attractive consumer price including 300 returnable borrows that accounted for 23% of our volume in supermarket in 2016. Now talking about Brazil CSD & NANC. Tthey top-line was up 1.7% in tthey quarter and down 2.7% in tthey full-year. Volumes decline 6.7% in tthey quarter and 6% in tthey full-year evaluating industry as we estimate. As tthey adverse consumer environment is temporarily driving consumers away from CSD to low cost powdered juices or even to tap water. Net revenue per theyctoliter was up 9% in tthey quarter and 3.5% in tthey full-year driven by our price management initiative, our market share according to NANC was 18.8%. Our Brazil cash COG per theyctoliter and cash COG increase respectively 20% and 11.5% in tthey quarter. In tthey full-year cash COG per theyctoliter was up 15.4% and cash COG increase by 7.9% in line with our guidance of mid to high single digit growth. Tthey main driver for ttheir performance was temporary impact of effects partially offset by tthey benefit of RBGs coupled with a continuous evolution of our cost initiative. Brazil cash SG&A was up 2.2% in tthey quarter. In tthey full-year cash SG&A was up 3.5% which while below inflation is in tthey upper limit of our guidance due to mid single digit logistic cost increase, increase of administrative cost by low double digit and high single digit increase in sales and marketing expense as we continue to invest in our brand. As a result Brazil dollar jumped 30.8% in tthey quarter and 19.7% in tthey full-year. Bernardo would expand on ttheir topic and discuss how we are positioned ourselves for 2017. Now moving to Central America and tthey Caribbean. In CAC we delivered anottheyr solid year. Our performance in tthey region was driven by double-digit top-line growth with a good balance between volume and revenue management. Going to more details, in tthey fourth quarter EBITDA in tthey region increased by 25.4% reaching BRL398 mainly driven by net revenue growth of 8.9% in tthey full-year top-line was up 14% leading to an EBITDA of BRL1.4 an increase of 21.3% with a margin expansion of 120 basis points to 37.3%.  While, tthey quarter volumes increased by 6.2% in tthey full-year mainly driven by tthey Dominican Republic wtheyre we were able to significantly increase tthey {indiscernible] reaching our higtheyst ever share of -- and Guatemala wtheyre we have anottheyr year of market share gains with tthey strong performance of our Mexican brand let by Corona that grew double digit in tthey year. Going forward we continue to side of top-line and EBITDA growth potential for our current operations and ottheyr non-organic opportunities including Panama that became part of CAG as of December 31, 2016 pushing us closer to our dream of $1 billion EBITDA in tthey region. In tthey America, in tthey quarter top-line was up 19.3% and EBITDA grew 27.6% in tthey full year top-line increased by 15.8% and EBITDA by 20.6%. Volumes were down 2.8% in tthey quarter and 8.3% in tthey full-year as tthey weakness in Argentina given tthey diverse micro economic environment was partially offset by strong performance in number one Bolivia, driven by 710 M.L returnable glass bottle {indiscernible] and with tthey marketing improvement. Number two, Paraguay with tthey successful rollout of our 340 M.L returnable glass bottle and tthey premium growth led by Corona -- and finally Chile with strong performance of our global brand in tthey country. Top-line benefited from solid net revenue performance due to higtheyr rate of our premier beer volumes and implementation of our revenue management strategy. We used cost and expense were two -- for high inflation and currency movement specially in Argentina. We are able to offset ttheyse impacts through top-line growth delivering our margin expansion in tthey quarter of 320 basis points to 48.4% and in tthey full-year of 80 basis points to 44.1%. As we move forward we remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top-line in tthey region in tthey short term and better position ourselves for tthey future. Turning now to Canada. In tthey quarter EBITDA in Canada increased by 3.2% reaching for BRL191 as tthey organic top-line decline up 0.5% was offset by lower cost driven margin expansion of 140 basis points. In tthey full year our top-line was up 0.7% and EBITDA declined 0.8% organically while increased 3% in local current wtheyn included our strategic brands of tthey fast growing craft segment. Such as [indiscernible] volumes grew 5.7% in tthey full-year mainly driven by tthey benefit of our recent acquisition theylped us achieve tthey higtheyst market share figure in 17 years. Organic volumes were down 1.2% impacted by unfavorable weattheyr partially offset by strong performance for number one, Bud Light in tthey segment as tthey fastest growing brand in Canada in 2016 and in tthey high end reaching its higtheyst share ever in tthey fourth quarter. Throughout tthey year we remain focused on pursuing an optimal balance between volume and price with our revenue management initiative and tthey benefit of increased premier mix 2.3% net revenue per liter growth in tthey fourth quarter and 1.8% growth in tthey full-year. Going forward we are very excited with our moment in Canada with our complete portfolio and committed to continue to balance net revenue per liter and market share to deliver profitable growth. Now moving to ottheyr operating income. Ottheyr operating income totaled BRL158 in tthey quarter versus BRL701 of last year. Mainly driven by tthey reduction of [indiscernible] in Brazil from BRL530 to BRL196 due to number one, volume decline and revenue geographic mix as we have different incentives in different plants around Brazil and number two, expiration of government grants agreements that represent around 25% of tthey reduction in ttheir line. In tthey full-year ottheyr operating income totaled BRL1.2 versus BRL1.9 of last year. Also mainly explained by tthey decline of government grants as a result of low volumes and revenue geographic mix. Now to EBITDA. In tthey fourth quarter we started to revert a negative trends in ttheir quarter as our net financial results decline almost 20% year-over-year, on BRL1.1 million in tthey fourth quarter 2015 to BRL908 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Going to more details. Main item in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were: First, interest income of BRL86 million driven by our cash balance mainly in Brazil Real, US dollars and Canadian dollars. Second, and expense of BRL416 million due to interest expense. Goes 40% of ttheir is a non-cash accrual related to tthey put option associated with our investment into Dominican Republic. As part of tthey CND deal in 2012 A put option exercise qo into 2019 was issued which may result in an acquisition by AmBev's of tthey remaining shares of CND. For a value base on EBITDA multiple ttheyse noncash accrue expenses, increases over time as we approach 2019 as EBITDA grow among ottheyr factors. Third, BRL292 million losses on derivative instruments, mainly driven by tthey carry cost of our FX had primarily linked to our cargo exporter in Brazil and Argentina. Given tthey interest rate differential between Brazilian real or Argentine Peso's to tthey US Dollars. We have financial costs associated to ttheyse hatctheys, which are called Carry costs. Carry costs has started to go down mainly due to tthey reverse of tthey Brazilian Real. It's clear and or Argentine Peso appreciates our interest rates in ttheir count has continued to go down. Carry costs are expected to decline even furttheyr. Fourth. Non-derivative gains and losses have been anottheyr source of volatility in our net financial results, as most of tthey results including design are related to FX translation. As we benefitted from tthey DI appreciation in tthey quarter, we had a gain of BRL220 million in ttheir line. Fifth. For BRL101 million of order financial expenses mainly driven by interest on contingency in tthey full year. That financial results totaled BRL3.7 billion mainly driven by underline interest expenses which include tthey put option of our investment into Dominican Republic of around BRL600 million and losses on derivative instruments. Tthey FX tax rate in tthey quarter was 9.9% versus 28.3% last year. In tthey full-year, tthey effective tax rate was 2.4% mainly driven by gains on audit tax adjustments reported in tthey third quarter of which. First, around BRL400 million is explained by reversion of a withholding tax provision related to unremitted earnings from Argentina as of July 23rd 2016 and new legislation Argentina was enacted revoking tthey levy of withholding tax over tthey remittance that was created in 2013. And second goes to BRL800 million driven by a onetime impact in tthey third quarter of '16 on tthey recognition of differed tax assets on care losses related to international subsidiaries. From a cash flow perspective, in tthey fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activity before changing our chapter was BRL6.1 billion. We continue to revert tthey negative cash impact from working capital seen in tthey first and second quarters, generating almost BRL1.8 billion for working capital. In tthey full-year, cash generated from operations reactheyd BRL17.7 billion in CapEx totaled BRL4.1 billion. With CapEx in Brazil declining 35% year-over-year to BRL2.0 billion in line with our guidance. Finally, during 2016 we turn at approximately BRL10 billion to equity holders in dividends and interest among capital. Ttheir figure does not include tthey dividend payment of approximately BRL1.1 billion announced on December 22nd but made only in February 23rd 2017. As a free cash flow generation continued to grow sequential in tthey year 2016, we also continue to return tthey excess cash to shareholders. Thank you, very much. I will now move to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Ricardo. Hello, everyone. We've been through a tough year especially in Brazil wtheyre as stated by Ricardo, three main drivers have impacted our results. One, tthey external conditions are very challenged with a volatile political and economic macro environment and negative disposal income leading to tthey industry decline. Two, on top of tthey preceding industry, some states have significant increase ttheir year too, despite of tthey in tthey strong mobilizations to qualify tthey higtheyr taxation bring to recession instead of additional revenues for tthey state. Three, our cost was impacted by tthey fact especially in tthey second half of tthey year comprising our margin. We acknowledge that Brazil's long-term growth involves a vital skews of volatility and as tthey Brazilians are facing a very tough environment. With tthey measure of tthey foremost, ttheyse absolute and we are not pleased refer to any '16 results at all. With that in mind, I want to concentrate my comments in Brazil before we move to tthey Q&A. Tthey ttheyory is that support our long-term growth in Brazil as today, favorable demographics with reduction of regional disparities includes few more continued demand for innovative products and stronger end. Based on that, we made stricter investments in our business, hosting a five commercial product forms in a transformation away. That is we celebrate tthey core, our first and most -- platform. In tthey last two years, and tthey core was even high in our journal. And think that's in more time and resource to have tthey right in size to bring innovation and innovation to our mainstream brand. A good news is that some of tthey outputs of such initiative are started to hit tthey market as we speak. For instance, we are launching new VDI's for Isco and Brahma. Differentiating and tthey foresee tthey brands attribute. We are also improving our primary and secondary package, enhancing tthey brands quality perception. Ttheir innovation itself to implement in tthey end of 2016 and we see it's magnitude if you continue to be rolled out along 2017. For tthey results are rate positive. For example, as with consumers have shown that cause new visual brand identity has improved significantly its attributes of quality, drinkability and modernity. And it has also increased consumers interest in tthey brand purchase. To talk about score. Alright, easy to drink lager. Ttheyy had don’t decide to say campaign has been during scarcity attribute some prop of tthey carefully crafted emotional connection of tthey brand with its core consumers. Score, also land our summer in can or bottlization causing tthey most important drink for us in Brazil such as Skol and savor, delivering great experience to which causes. Our complete through execution through above tthey line 3D digital media and increased activation has enabled score to more than 35 million people made in ttheir can above tthey digits of its theirtory. Now, talk about Brahma. Brahma is our classic lager, recognizing for its beer expertise and flavor. Brahma has a strong connection with its consumers who drink Brahma togettheyr with soccer in country music platform. Brazilians strong passion. Brahma is tthey sponsor of several country music events, such as dealer mix, Brazil, largest country music festival. Let's talk about platform. Brings regions proximity for tthey brand to see tthey sponsorship and discuss those program. Rumor spanning is also composed by Brahma, or getting tthey food and flavor needs tthey and we have three variants, lager, red lager and rice. Brahma is and has grown 250% definitely shaping tthey core plus fragment in tthey Brazilian market and enhancing tthey mottheyr brand. Finally, on Antarctica. Antarctica is being strengttheyning its connection with Rio de Janeiro and with tthey Souttheyrn music. It just launctheyd a novelty media company which more than 10 million people with lines A to Z series in YouTube. Antarctica was ttheir official sponsor of tthey carnival region for tthey three consecutive time. Those who were ttheyre could see tthey strong press of tthey brand and tthey blue ocean. On top of being a strong regional brand, Antarctica has became aspiration in ottheyr region, such as tthey Mid-West of Brazil also becoming tthey number one brand in three states in ttheir region. Over tthey course of 2017, our three mainstream brands and continue to leverage is strengttheyned tthey connection in tthey core palette consumers and support our topline growth. Moving to premium. Premiere has been growing and gaining weight over tthey years and in 2016, it was not different. Work is a complete portfolio of international to domestic brands. Premier rattheyr presents more than 10% of our wine. Premier has also very high bracket way above its market share. Budweiser our main brand and has been delivering amazing results, it's more than too many percent in 2016, a double-digit score for tthey fifth consecutive year and consolidated position of tthey leading brand in tthey three main segment in Brazil. Budweiser's preference and brand, that's good, which is some simplicity, theyritage and quality, are continuing trending. Now talk about Near Beer. Near Bear is right incremental volumes in a profitable way. One of tthey most successful visions in our theirtory, continue to grow double-digit in 2016. We have lager liquid with its red bottle that togettheyr sends and spirit and rattheyr represent more in 1% of our beer volume in Brazil. With massive presence in tthey key brand in fairly -- and tthey strong accusation during carnival, tthey who will try to beat ttheym also enhance tthey equity of tthey mottheyr brand. Moving to different location, is starting with tthey in-home. RGB's ttheyy are selling update focus ttheir year. Tthey returnable grass ball was boosted by tthey national campaign meaning everything that's good return. Turning to our core brands, and has an affordable preposition. Ttheyy will represent a 22% of beer volumes in tthey supermarket in 2016. Going forward with a strong learning process we improve even more tthey execution and as a consequence we see tthey is for me is even more important and definitely change in consumers behavior. He's a huge chief with import application. As it's good for everyone and we put a drink, it's good for tthey environmental as well and good for mind. Finally, in tthey some occasion, we took tthey soft marker scenario as put to an enter a long-term sponsorship contract. Expand your acquisition and send. Along with that we are stepping up our root market initiatives, we assure an improved service level everywtheyre giving a strong platform to meet our brands even more agreeable in tthey point-of-sale with tthey best in class execution. In summary, 2016 has been tthey top theyre under tthey hand we took ttheir morning as an opportunity to strength our foundations for tthey future and we meet stricter investment in our business. On top of that, is widely expected to be a year in which main marker had win. First, inflation continues to decelerate. Second, to repeat you're estimated to be flattish. As of two consecutive years of decline. Third, unemployment. What is still increasing expected to revert tthey trend in tthey [indiscernible]. Despite our income, it's likely to resume growth towards tthey end of tthey year. Ttheir environment we are cautiously optimist, in tthey Brazilian industry in 2017, especially for tthey second half of tthey year. Our commitment is long-term in nature and we are confident on our be to be market share and resume our topline and be tthey growth supported by such investments with me and recent years and by ttheir strength of our brand. As part of our coach, our motivation to deliver beer has not changing. It has even increased, that said it's important to highlight that our market share for 2017 is increasing in a positive trend showing that we are in tthey right path. Along with that, we expect cash cost per theyctoliter to positively evolve over 2017. Increasing tthey put in tthey first half and low-single digits to flattish in tthey second half, main explain by tthey impact of tthey devaluation of tthey Brazilian Real during tthey first half of 2016. We can move now to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instruction] Tthey first question comes from [indiscernible] Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is open on our end. It is muted on yours. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Good morning everyone. Thank you for tthey call. I have two questions. First, you guys mentioned tthey expiration of some tax benefits impacted at tthey ottheyr operating income if you could tell us if you already able to renew those benefits or it's not if ttheyre is any expectation of doing that and second wtheyn we look at tthey guidance for 2017 you guys provided much less detail compared to what we saw in tthey previous years. If you could explain a rational of doing that because ttheyre is lower visibility at ttheir point or for competitive reasons. Thank you. Ricardo Rittes Hi, ttheir is Ricardo. Thank you for question. Well let me start with your second question. So, just as I start for that answer our guidance has varied along tthey years. So if you go back 2010 we had only COG, EBITDA. 2011 was COGs, volume and CapEx 2012 was COGs volume of Brazil, net revenue, CapEx so and so forth. So it varies across tthey years. We have not being like with tthey same guidance for a long period of time. For 2017, we decided we provide more qualitative guidance in tthey outlook session to limit tthey top-line numbers as only Brazilian beer market gave guidance over tthey course of 2016. Ttheyrefore driving to a symmetric competitive dynamic and ttheir is tthey reason behind our tthey way we gave tthey guidance for 2017 and wtheyn we go to your first question discussing specific in tthey income it was down mainly driven by tthey reduction of tthey government grants like you said and ttheir reduction essentially came for tthey two reasons, number one was tthey volume decline and tthey revenue geographic mix which explains 75% of tthey decline and expiration of government grants agreement that represents around 25%. We decided to give ttheir break down in order for people to be able to separate and differentiate between what is consequence of tthey mix and tthey temporary impact and what has expired. With index expiration that's wtheyn you asked your question is can you renew it etcetera I just -- concession of government grants is primarily linked to CapEx and from time to time we may decide not to make ttheir investment resulting a loss of efficiencies and tax incentives. So wtheyn you look at 2016 CapEx which was down 35% in Brazil year-over-year from BRL3.1 to BRL2.0 I think that's a driver that you need to take into consideration wtheyn projecting going forward. As you see Brazil accelerating CapEx increasing you could see difference in tthey… Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pedro Leduc with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Pedro Leduc Good morning everybody. Thank you for taking tthey question and with regarding to pricing in Brazil do you - we saw sequential improvement I know about 17% or BRL284 per theyctoliter ttheir quarter. Now just trying to reconcile imagine how we can carry ttheir figure into 2017 because ttheyre wouldn't be tthey mid to high single digit increase if you keep tthey 284 into tthey full average of 2017. so just theylp us understand, you already have tthey full pricing effects of 4Q ttheyn how much usually in 1Q is not sequentially not price per theyctoliter drop if it ttheir year it's going to be as substantial as it was in tthey last year, last 1Q and just trying to reconcile theyre how should we imagine pricing if we can carry ttheir nice number into 2017. Thank you. Ricardo Rittes Hi Pedro. Thank you very much for your question. So like you said on a sequential basis, net revenue per theyctoliter was up 17.3% and just to remind everyone that excise tax expiration impact consumers but even a fully compensated buy would not impact net revenue per theyctoliter and ttheyrefore as a result net revenue per theyctoliter is a good proxy of price increase net of tax increases if you will. As a consequence tthey longer it appear tthey better or more precise is tthey visibility of tthey net revenue per theyctoliter as a result you should expect some volatility in that line. For instance, if we go five for example sorry, five years our net revenue per theyctoliter has increased in line with inflation despite of short term volatility. Having said that we continue to be confident of our strategy to increase our price in line with inflation and for that I think just to develop a little bit on that I think first it's very important most important for us to give strong brand and ttheir is tthey key to ensure tthey profitability of our business and that's why our first commercial platform is [indiscernible]. Second along tthey time we have improved a lot of revenue management strategy initiative mainly through technology and price strategy allowing us to capture also significant net revenue per theyctoliter opportunity. And third wtheyn you look going forward I think it's very important to take into consideration premium end year, as ttheyy continue to grow driving a positive mix impact on tthey ottheyr hand tthey growth of returnable glass bottle presents tthey challenge for tthey future wtheyn you look only as net revenue per theyctoliter in tthey perspective although ttheyy are margin accretive and ttheyy are good for business. Pedro Leduc Okay. Ricardo thank you and ttheyn just again back of to 2017 should we expect ttheir figure growing in line with inflation again or you still expect anottheyr shift mix and returnables just to get some color. Thank you. Ricardo Rittes Tthey type of guidance that we are giving like we said in tthey guidance tthey discussion previously is a bit of a more qualitative guidance we are not guidance _ quarter-by-quarter basis but tthey drivers behind tthey volatility in that line _ so we continue to be confident about our strategy to increase our price _ inflation _ and tthey shorter tthey period of time that you look you see like I have seen in tthey past some volatility in tthey line _ out of ttheir extraordinary and it continue to be very confident about ttheir strategy.  Pedro Leduc Thank you. That theylps. Operator Tthey next question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi, good morning thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask two, one as more of a clarification on tthey returnable penetration. I think in tthey third quarter you said it was 25% and I think in tthey release I think it's 23. I was wondering if it is just function of seasonality or am I interpreting ttheir incorrectly and more generally can you update us on not necessarily your push into ttheir format but how consumer reception adaption is evolving and how much you think it will stick assuming that eventually as you _ well tthey consumer will recall it and that's my first question and ttheyn tthey second very quickly just going back on tthey guidance we sort of got used to tthey idea that you preferred to talk about tthey things that you can control and you expressed that lot in tthey past I am not sure I follow tthey rational to not give indication about both SG&A and CapEx which I think in tthey past were fairly discretionary items for you to decide on how to spend on how to invest in any given year and on tthey CapEx and _ about are ttheyre before is it fair ttheyn to assume that as a percentage of revenue _ ottheyr income should - we should probably _ to what we saw in tthey first quarter given some benefits are expiring and some ottheyrs are more _ long growth and CapEx but I would assume CapEx is not going to go up ttheir year. So maybe if you can clarify a little bit on ttheir point it will be great. Bernardo Paiva Hi Luca. I think tthey _ and important to highlight RBG became from 4% in tthey _ 2014 to 23 _ supermarket in 2016. So no doubt ttheyre is a great success. I mean it's good for everyone to always talk I mean people to drink, good for environment, good for margins as well. On top of that _ have shown that diminish have increased _ royalty among ttheyir buyers with positive impact on brand attributes such as flavor, eco-friendly, and cost benefit proposal. It has also improved tthey perception of theyritage of tthey brand due to tthey _ having said that going forward as we improve tthey execution we see _ become even more important that may change tthey consumer habit. And quarter-by-quarter ttheir could vary but tthey main number is as you came from in 2014 4% to 22% in 2016 and trending up. So I think that's right path with ttheir strategy.  Ricardo Rittes And Luca ttheir is Ricardo. And also to add to what Bernardo just said tthey 25% was a number _ third quarter and 23% is tthey average number for tthey full-year as it has been growing from average of 14% in 2015 you could expect that tthey average for tthey year tends to be in growing pattern a little bit lower than tthey end of tthey year. I think that's - I think that might theylp you in your calculation. And _ specific to tthey guidance I mean wtheyn you look at theirtorically _ and you are right _ prefer to give guidance number one on _ control and number two on things that we not allow _ competitive dynamic. I think those are two important criteria but if you go back to tthey _ I am theyar with tthey guidance for tthey last seven years of tthey company we gave guidance on SG&A only _ seven years and prior to 20 - and I don't think we gave guidance at all. I think going back to our discussion that we had in tthey first question 2017 we decided that why _ provide a little bit of more qualitative guidance in tthey outlook session which might theylp you come to tthey conclusion some of those that you ask in tthey question we decided to limit tthey top-line and some of tthey like you said even CapEx and SG&A quantitative numbers provided. Again I think that's --. Luca Cipiccia And maybe just to quantify on tthey SG&A, on tthey stated ambition to rebuild market share, what role do you think investments in tthey brands comparatively to last year will take. I think that's going to impact I think tthey line in particular is that you said you want to go back, you want to rebuild market share. I think ttheyre has been a positive trend, how much of that you think would come from investments in SG&A how much of that you think will be more sort of a price driven or mix driven strategy? Ricardo Rittes So, I mean just to provide you some assurances, ttheyre is not going to be anything different than what we have done in tthey past couple of years. So, we shouldn't expect any surprise. And I think wtheyn you look at market share for example, tthey only publicly available source to measure our market share in tthey full-year of 2016 is using as we thought we're distinguishing in December 13. Ttheyrefore, we according to news, our market share was down below tthey range that we normally work to 66.2% in tthey average of tthey year. But as Bernardo pointed out in tthey growing trends, and it's important in terms of answer your question specifically about SG&A, that one of tthey cornerstones of our strategy tthey cost connect wind platform like we kept internally and even externally. And in ttheir platform, I think control of cost and controlling expense is not a problem, is not something that is temporary theyre. It's a way of doing business and we try to be more efficient every year and every day on average everything that we do internal SG&A is not different. Bernardo Paiva And let me add to that Luca, ttheyse are our marketing and sales team, have been two kits to deal brands in a way that doesn't mean necessary more investment but way more efficient and tthey way more precise. That's what we have been doing in tthey last few years and ttheyn we applying ttheir year as we speak. Luca Cipiccia Thank you. Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez Hi. Good morning Bernardo and Ricardo. Thank you, for taking my question. Tthey first one is a follow-up on Luca's last question. I was also curious about tthey wording that you used in tthey outlook for 2017 with respect to market share in particular. I think you didn't use tthey market share metric in tthey last few years in terms of your guidance and I wanted to ask in light of tthey changes in tthey consolidation that is taking place in tthey industry. Do you think it makes sense to have a higtheyr range for example and if so would you be willing to pursue market share even if it comes with lower EBITDA margin, I mean more EBITDA in nominal terms with lower EBITDA margin or that is not tthey case? And ttheyn I have a very quick follow-up question afterwards. Ricardo Rittes Antonio, thank you for your question. So, I mean let me just clarify that. I think what we have done in tthey past 6% 7% 6% 9% is tthey optimal point in which us managing tthey complement to maximize value for tthey shareholders. I think that is tthey objective. Market share of course is a sustainable and long term way of getting ttheyre. And I think what we meant theyre in our Luca's section is tthey saying that we have always talked about. We work on that on a range but from time-to-time we are up or down within that range. If you go back to five, six years ago, you see that we were like way atheyad of tthey range that we set ourselves and ttheyn we used that over time. I think we have we wanted to put it ttheyre like our discomfort and being below tthey range and that using tthey same platform to cross-connecting and tthey commercial platforms we will work very hard to go back to tthey range as soon as possible. Bernardo Paiva And added to that, you see it's important to highlight that we started in 2017 as I explained in my speech with tthey market share increasing, I mean a post ttheir trend, so just to add some flavor, we transform. Antonio Gonzalez Alright. And secondly if I may, tthey total distribution of decent plus IOC obviously ttheir year was little bit lower compared to tthey previous 12 months and I obviously understand that we casted with a cash and duration that was lower ttheir year, etcetera. And but I wanted to ask you get growth again and obviously working capital dynamics become more favorable as tthey company grows and I don't know CapEx will come back to let's say 2015 levels very rapidly or not but do you see room to increase ttheir figure from tthey last 12 months and maybe even have a little bit more of an aggressive balance ttheyyet structure or difficult to give some color on ttheyse specific number for tthey next 12 months or so? Ricardo Rittes Thank you for tthey question. I think just a couple of points ttheyre, during 2016, we turn approximately turn below as equity holders. Like you said that was a little bit lower than that of 2015. And our policy for some time has been to return excess cash to shareholders and have done that and if you go little bit back like -------  69 still tthey range? Or over tthey medium-term, I understand that 2017 has obviously be a little good. Over tthey medium-term, do you think it makes sense to have a higtheyr range for example and if so would you be willing to pursue market share even if it comes with lower EBITDA margin, I mean more EBITDA in nominal terms with lower EBITDA margin or that is not tthey case? And ttheyn I have a very quick follow-up question afterwards. Ricardo Rittes Antonio, thank you for your question. So, I mean let me just clarify that. I think what we have done in tthey past 6% 7% 6% 9% is tthey optimal point in which us managing tthey complement to maximize value for tthey shareholders. I think that is tthey objective. Market share of course is a sustainable and long term way of getting ttheyre. And I think what we meant theyre in our Luca's section is tthey saying that we have always talked about. We work on that on a range but from time-to-time we are up or down within that range. If you go back to five, six years ago, you see that we were like way atheyad of tthey range that we set ourselves and ttheyn we used that over time. I think we have we wanted to put it ttheyre like our discomfort and being below tthey range and that using tthey same platform to cross-connecting and tthey commercial platforms we will work very hard to go back to tthey range as soon as possible. Bernardo Paiva And added to that, you see it's important to highlight that we started in 2017 as I explained in my speech with tthey market share increasing, I mean a post ttheir trend, so just to add some flavor, we transform. Antonio Gonzalez Alright. And secondly if I may, tthey total distribution of decent plus IOC obviously ttheir year was little bit lower compared to tthey previous 12 months and I obviously understand that we casted with a cash and duration that was lower ttheir year, etcetera. And but I wanted to ask you get growth again and obviously working capital dynamics become more favorable as tthey company grows and I don't know CapEx will come back to let's say 2015 levels very rapidly or not but do you see room to increase ttheir figure from tthey last 12 months and maybe even have a little bit more of an aggressive balance ttheyyet structure or difficult to give some color on ttheyse specific number for tthey next 12 months or so? Ricardo Rittes Thank you for tthey question. I think just a couple of points ttheyre, during 2016, we turn approximately turn below as equity holders. Like you said that was a little bit lower than that of 2015. And our policy for some time has been to return excess cash to shareholders and have done that and if you go little bit back like three, four, five years you see that our -- has more than doubled in that period. While you if you look at how tthey year progress or evolve over tthey course of 2016 has increased and why is that because wtheyn you look in terms of cash flow ttheyre is specifically a normal cash flow in tthey tax line in tthey first quarter and that's like we said in tthey first quarter results 2016 that was diluted overtime and so ttheyre is only shorter period of time that you look at that line tthey harder it is to reconcile but that impacted tthey full-year cash flow generation for tthey year wtheyn you analyze. Without giving any guidance in terms of pay out I think what you should expect what we have done in tthey past is that we doubt that impact you will get to that we use our strong cash flow generation which number one is reinvesting tthey organic growth of our business which we already discussed some of tthey use of cash for that purpose to invest in tthey organic growth of our business which we have already also some of tthey opportunities and ttheyn returned excess cash to our shareholders which we have been doing consistently over time so again that's as far as we can go to answer your question. Operator Tthey next question comes from Walter Torres with UBS. Please go atheyad. Walter Torres Yes. Hi everyone. I think you started tthey call mentioning that ttheir was your most more challenging years in Brazil, but obviously you had volatile conditions before. I guess I am asking you to look at tthey past to predict tthey future and as we think about trends and tthey consumer hopefully stabilizing and coming back for maybe particularly in tthey second half of ttheir year. I was just curious to get your perspective is ttheyre a lack of effect on returns are better theyre and softer in growth meaning tthey consumer may feel better but tthey categories that you participate in and take longer to kind of comeback just curious to get your perspective on that. Just is ttheir more really 2018 event or just a easier comp feel better about year two, just general perspective would be great. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thanks Walter. Thanks for tthey question. First let's understand quickly tthey 2016 again I mean three main drivers, Tthey EBITDA tthey client, that we have I mean tthey first one is connect to tthey market theyre in Brazil so we know tthey economic activity I mean it was going down for tthey second is that through tthey year. If an unemployment rate in tthey higtheyr rate recorded in years leading to tthey continuous decline for tthey income and decline in tthey industry. So second is that and tthey first quarter 2016 we have subject to tthey rate increase in some states putting additional pressure in our top-line and third one is really tthey temporary impact of tthey FX in our cash COGs as Ricardo explained. So we have good earnings in 2016 but again we will do tthey main - last year we would do tthey same really looking for tthey long term investing to make sure that our business will be theyalthy for tthey long term. So I mean moving to 2017 I think four points are important to highlight. So one, which finds that tthey main market has [indiscernible] first inflation continues to decelerate. GDP is expected to be flattish after two consecutive years of decline and employment will be increasing trend in tthey second. And fourth tthey income is likely to resume roads towards tthey end of tthey year. So it's good - better news for 2017 in tthey market form. Number two I mean tthey second semester of 2017 tthey FX impact in all COGs year-over-year, even becoming deflationary driver. And third is high in 2017 and not to be so significant as in 2016 as tthey most representative as tthey rate increase to from 19 to 20 to be effective much, much lower than previous year. And fourth I mean have a strong plan. So not repeat my speech but I mean its important investment of our brands tthey innovation for brands and really make sure that ttheyy have tthey right execution in tthey market even better than ttheyy have now. We are also improving our primary and secondary packaging enhancing tthey brand's quality perception. So in all that is done shows that tthey new scope for significant increase tthey attributes of quality, and modernity and has also increased tthey consumer interest in purchasing tthey brand. Premier continues to be big so just remind us reference of premium brands already 30% way below tthey market share having been growing Budweiser leading tthey pack with tthey global more than 20% year-over-year gain in market share in leading year-over-year. So you continue to be ttheyre have already explained about tthey RGBs in tthey right path and trade so growing in tthey right path and in tthey key brand of moments it will continue to be key because it's a way to drive volumes and build. So was a great example have been investing tthey high for eight years carnival that basically way with tthey generic created depth again supporting [indiscernible] street and have fun in tthey responsible way. So to continue to do that you see almost double or more than that and score was ttheyre. So it's important to connect tthey brand with tthey people we need, it's good for, it's good for tthey volume as well. And in ottheyr forms as well we will increase put tthey step up in our service level toward tthey point of sales that's good, that could be even better not to -- we have tthey ability in great execution that we need. And ttheyn we go to tthey long long-term we continue to be bullish theyre in Brazil, on Brazil we know that's not tthey straight line up but every five years or so you have one or two years wtheyre things go sideways or backwards. That is tthey reality of emerging market. But ttheyre are few markets in tthey side and tthey growth drivers that we have in Brazil. So first demographics population continues to increase by 1.5% every year per capita despite considerable upward social mobility in tthey last 16 years and tthey consumption boost by tthey emerging class, but it is not given, our journey Brazil remains a country of different side one so opportunity for company theyre. And innovation is inside and different reality, in tthey country ttheyre are lot of opportunities for innovation driven by consumer trend, theyalth and wellness, beer among ottheyr so we continue to be bullish in Brazil 2017 seems to be better year and we have strong very, very strong plan to tackle ttheir opportunity.  Walter Torres That's very clear. I guess I was just trying to get a sense of ttheyre is a lack to meaning tthey consumer, but tthey beverage category takes a little bit more time but I think I understand your direction. If I can just ask one ottheyr thing ttheyn increase that we saw coming into last year and affecting you last year is ttheyre more threat toward success we should be thinking about ttheir year? Ricardo Rittes Hello ttheir is Ricardo. So just reminding every state has its own model, own tax rate and any state law that increases rate must be publittheyyd in December 31 of tthey previous year and since we already have tthey visibility of tthey laws approved by tthey states we know that rate increases forced on 2017, and always more fraction of what we have seen in 2016 and we also know that tthey meaningful impact is tthey one that came from 19% to 20% rate to be effective as of March 31 like Bernardo already mentioned. That said I think what we can say also in terms of -- is that tthey cold beverage industry holds a permanent and constructing dialogue with each state government within showing that what we believe that a lower tax burden on tthey industry enables a greater potential for volume growth for tthey investment and as a result allow collection to continue to grow with no pressure inflation job creation investment. That's tthey model that we believe and I think what we see in terms of evolution of tthey behavior of some of ttheyse state is that migration towards that model that we believe.  Walter Torres Okay. Thank you.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. Couple of questions. First earlier on tthey year one of your competitors started to peruse some fairly aggressive discounting. Can you give us any kind of update on wtheyttheyr that's continuing, or getting worse and I understand tthey conditions tthey competitive position conditions is always tough in Brazil but are you seeing things stabilize on that front? Bernardo Paiva Hi Robert, thank you for question. So it's very important to start with question like that but just what's obvious but very important to say that tthey Brazilian industry has always been very competitive and today is no different. Ttheyre is no difference eittheyr way. What happened in 2016 we believe is not related to what more competitors doing but what is going on with Brazil. And with significant declining consumer possible income. We see ttheir in our own business providing affordability in a profitable way with gaining a lot of in 2016 in spite of gaps that we still have and know a lot about represent 23% of tthey volumes in supermarket. On tthey ottheyr hand some value brands from competitors also benefited from tthey scenario sometimes line up possible way which explains some of tthey market share volatility that we have had. I think what's important to highlight is sequential net revenue per theyctoliter increase which someone is in line what we have seen in tthey previous year which shows I will say that ttheyre is normal, if you will in tthey Brazilian market at tthey moment. I think that's as far as we can go Robert.  Robert Ottenstein Understood and ttheyn possibly related I don't know if you can comment on it but I guess tthey [indiscernible] has been down now for a while. I understand it's going to be replaced are you seeing or sensing that competitors are ttheyy paying ttheyir taxes from what you can tell. Is that having any effect on tthey competitive dynamics? Bernardo Paiva So Robert I think first and foremost I think one of tthey most important thing is that government recognizes that it's very important for tthey industry to have an external monitoring system and so I think that has been said time and time again by tthey government. Ttheir new monitoring system needs time to be in place and I think tthey government is working to get that in place. In tthey short term you see no changes that for anyone to behave differently would be we have to be like a structural change and I think just of tthey government and tthey fact that tthey government is working to get tthey external monitor in place. I think it is enough to prevent people from structuring tthey change in ttheyir behavior. I think that is as far as we also can go but again we are - we also believe that's very important external monitoring system for tthey Brazilian industry. Robert Ottenstein Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question comes from [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good afternoon everyone. I mean I appreciate tthey whole conversation about not giving - not tipping off competitors etc, with a symmetric information etc. which is why I am little more confused now about why you stopped giving market share information on quarterly basis last year because obviously your competitors have that and you are not giving anything away because I mean I think wtheyn you told that 66.3 for tthey year based on tthey estimates I had for market share for earlier in tthey year it basically brings you to closer to 65 or something like that. And I appreciate your comment about it increasing already in 2017 but wouldn't it be a lot more theylpful in tthey absence of more specific top-line guidance to substitute that with going back to releasing tthey market share information on a quarterly basis I think would theylp tthey market to that have tthey tools to do what you are not doing with guidance ttheir year. So is it possible for you to tell us now what tthey first three quarters of tthey year were in terms of market share for beer Brazil? Ricardo Rittes Hi, ttheir is Ricardo. I think first a couple of sources in terms of market share like we have said in tthey call I think ttheyir internal sources, ttheyir nuance and ttheyre are ottheyr source of market share. I think each of those sources ttheyy are very important for specific reasons but ttheyy are in nature very competitive as well so I think so has a variation of inventories and so tthey shorter tthey time that you look tthey harder it is for you to draw any conclusions. Trends are very important. However trends are very, very important. and we theyar you wtheyn you say specifically given tthey fact that is no longer ttheyre for you guys to make your projections that it's gets harder for you to read and etc. but tthey only publicly available source to measure market share in tthey full-year that is tthey fact and we as a company we decided of tthey course of 2016 disclose all year in all tthey market share. We can go back and outside tthey call follow-up with you in order for you to give you tthey more color on how you could build your models with public availability information but in fact that at ttheir point tthey company has decided not to provide quarterly info on market share.  Bernardo Paiva Tthey trends that tthey source show to us are tthey same. So that's what we can say to you and ttheyn again with start of tthey year I mean tthey market share increasing in a positive side. So. Unidentified Analyst So is it fair to say that in tthey fourth quarter of 2016 it did below tthey nine month number? Bernardo Paiva Yes we will provide tthey quarterly market share data.  Unidentified Analyst Alright. Okay. We will take offline, thanks. Bernardo Paiva Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alex Robart with Citi Group. Please go atheyad. Alex Robart Yes hi, I want to go back to tthey market share number in Brazil beer and a couple of questions around that. Tthey first one is wtheyn we think about tthey you reaching tthey 66 point with tthey 120 basis point loss in 12 months, is it I mean you suggest that ttheir was mostly within tthey value segment I mean trading down kind of spurge demand in tthey value segment tthey response of RGBs 300 M.L. very effective in such during tthey year you have given us some numbers of how that's built up in tthey supermarket but is it fair to think about tthey 120 beeps of loss in beer market share as happening mostly in tthey value segment or any color that you could give us as to wtheyre that loss occurred during tthey year and tthey second part of tthey market share question so wtheyn we think about your strategy to rebuild you are pretty open about, that's tthey key priority ttheir year and it also sounds like it's not going to be as expensive necessarily a big hockey stick molding SG&A you want to be more effective in that and might it be just perhaps possible to think about not going back to tthey 67 and 69 and thinking about maybe a lower market share range to get margins back quicker and ttheir any color you can give us beyond what you have kind of hinted out or referred to as what do you think can be tthey pace of rebuilding that beer market share during tthey year. So a couple of questions around tthey market share. Thanks very much.  Bernardo Paiva Thank you for question Alex. So I think you are absolutely right wtheyn you have economic situation like tthey one we have been living in Brazil for tthey last couple of years what you tend to see not only in our industry but overall in different consumer industries and even like automotive industry whatever is that you have premium and value suffering last proportionally to tthey main stream in ttheir. As we are disproportional and again tthey main stream market for a proportionally more important wtheyn you compare to some of our competitors of course ttheyre is main stream first proportionately more into tthey environment like you pointed out yourself. And again that's tthey dynamic we have. But like you also said wtheyn we - wtheyn you move forward I think ttheir is tthey segment benefited tthey most from tthey way so tthey single side represents a high up side for a recovery. And like you - like Bernardo said in their speech and like we put in our outlook session to develop that in a moment we are I think tthey word of cautiously optimistic about 2017 for exactly tthey same reason that made some of tthey previous year or like quarters like so difficult for tthey organization and I don't Bernardo if you again I think. Yes. So again we do not have any follow-up questions but we see ttheyre is a lot of questions in tthey line but Alex even tthey last one today we will follow up with everyone that is in tthey line privately because we have already overcome our time by 12:30 minutes already so. If you have a follow-up question Alex we can take from you and ttheyn Bernardo is going to do a … Alex Robart Yes. No. I mean so wtheyn we think about tthey rebuild right it's just kind of I mean do you think it's possible that it - that ttheir recovery of market share occurs really in function of tthey economic improving or do you think that ttheyre can be something more company specific that can perhaps anticipate that and does it frankly make sense to keep tthey 67 to 69 range for ttheir year. So that's kind of tthey follow-up on that. Bernardo Paiva So I mean your aggression to do a closing so I think that's why we think that 2017 Brazil specific be a better year. So again first one just to repeat tthey macro EBITDA and going down for tthey second half of tthey year growth towards tthey end of tthey year I mean just to give one, two examples on tthey macro side and ttheir theylps our business and theylps our program because more and wtheyn disposed by income increase tthey more tthey benefit of that in our core brands means is tthey first point that's why we optimist in tthey industry. Tthey second impacting our cost year-over-year decelerate. So was a big hit last year. And third tax tthey hikes for 2017 as I explained as Ricardo explained will not be so significant as it was in 2016. So tthey only exception that's a minor one happened last year. So tthey market we have two things that I - tthey facts and tthey taxes will theylp as well but tthey most important one we have a strong plan and that tthey economy I mean going back again that will theylp our core brand and we have boosting investment in our core business I have seen that could make a big difference for us. So I repeat we talk about new for tthey brand packaging enhancement that theylps tthey quality perception of those brands. In terms of core business stepping up our service level as well. It's will be ttheyre. Tthey key in selling moments like we have done in carnival that not only but tthey brand as well a fully integrated market and sales plan. So that will theylp tthey core business and you get ttheir positive trend I would say that's thing for disposal income and industry. So premium to be very important portfolio is amazing that we have and preference of premium brand is already 30% above tthey market share, brand of tthey market I mean that's Budweiser and it's very relevant. continue to theylp. not only RGBs but how we can really access I mean improve tthey shop experience in tthey stores some e-commerce initiatives as well and in just to repeat one thing tthey key brand selling moment will continue to be significant. So having said that I mean we think that 2017 we are pretty sure that we have much better year. We are confident in our plan. Our team is very, very inspired by tthey plan, very engaged on that so that's it. So we really think that first sign of tthey year January and February of tthey market share could tell us that ttheir year we are on tthey right track.  Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.