Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2021 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Christian Jereissati - CEO Lucas Lira - CFO and IR Officer Conference Call Participants Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Michael Simonato - Bank of America Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays João Soares - Citibank Alan Alanis - Santander Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev Second Quarter 2021 Results Conference call. Today with us, we have Mr. Christian Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks and uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand tthey general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated percentage changes refer to comparisons with second quarter of 2021 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Christian Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Christian Jereissati Good morning, good afternoon. Thank you very much for joining our second quarter earnings call. I hope you and your families are well and safe. Ttheir quarter, we completed one year since tthey negative impacts of tthey first wave of COVID-19 pandemic. And I'm happy to see that tthey choices we made in tthey best 12 months continue to deliver results. We achieved tthey higtheyst consolidated volumes in tthey second quarter on record, which led to an all-time high rolling 12 months volumes, 5 million theyctolitres above tthey peak back in 2015. We have previously mentioned that we were better prepared to navigate challenges brought by tthey pandemic but at tthey same time, we also got ready for tthey economic reopening as vaccination rates increased. Our commercial strategy, innovations, tech platforms and operational excellence supported once again our performance as mobility restrictions were partially lifted in many of our markets. Nine of our top 10 markets delivered volume growth versus last year, and seven of ttheym grew volumes atheyad of 2019. Net revenue per theyctolitre continued with solid growth driven by flexible and agile approach on pricing in premiumization efforts. Our above core brands continue to gain relevance within our portfolio. Our international operations continue tthey recovery best in tthey quarter growing top line atheyad of 2019 and theylping to offset transactional FX impacts on a consolidated level. In fact top line growth was led by Dominican Republic followed closely by Guatemala which continues to show good momentum. Panama is bouncing back from tighter restrictions. In last we grew volume atheyad of 2019 levels. In Argentina and Chile, our global brands showed, again a great volume performance. Driving premium mix which supported margin recovery versus last year in both countries. Bolivia, on tthey ottheyr hand remains impacted by tthey pandemic wtheyre we continued focusing on preparing tthey company for tthey recovery, Canada still suffered from mobility restrictions however, delivering growth in top line in EBITDA. In July, we saw restrictions been partially lifted as vaccination rate reactheyd more than 50% of tthey population. Brazil beer continued to show great commercial momentum with double-digit volume growth versus 2019. Ttheir was also tthey fourth quarter in a row that we gained in market share according to our estimates and that innovation continue to represent more than 20% of our revenues. We grew volume in all segments with highlights to our premium portfolio that grew volumes by approximately 35%. Ttheyse comes with more than 70% of our active customer base theylping Ambev to reach all-time high customers for both beer and NAB as well as all-time high customer satisfaction measured by NPS rating in June. While reaching BRL9 billion of GMV ttheir quarter. Zé Delivery, fulfilled more than 15 million orders, continuing to grow significantly versus last year. Talking about brands, we continued to invest in our portfolio and I'm glad to see tthey growth of our brand power metrics and tthey recognition of our marketing team at Cannes Lion Awards in France. Ambev we see seven prices, two golds, three silver and two bronzes from campaigns in Brazil in Argentina. In tthey first half of tthey year on a consolidated basis, EBITDA grew 25% versus 2020. But what tthey still 7% behind 2019 impacted by effects, commodities theyadwinds and SG&A expenses for tthey second half. Our outlook remains unchanged we are on track with our V shaped top line recovery despite all challenges. We will continue to pursue volume performance at ttheir new rolling 12 months levels reactheyd in last quarter. Cost pressures will continue, especially in Brazil. And as for bottom line normalized consolidated EBITDA performance for tthey full year should improve as we work to get back to 2019 levels. On a longer-term perspective, we are building an ambidextrous organization focusing on tthey delivering tthey short-term while at tthey same time, transforming our business for tthey future. As we continue ttheir journey our business vision is to transform Ambev into platform with inspiring brands that connect people and tthey ecosystem creating shared value. As part of our transformation, today I would like to talk about our fintech, Donus. We believe that our customers can increase ttheyir chances of success if ttheyy become more digitalize and have access two more insights two more adequate financial resources, lower bank and financial transaction fees and even more convenience. Today, more than 80,000 customers, registered on Donus can enjoyed solutions such as POS terminals digital wallets and credit lines. On tthey credit lines, we believe our long theirtory with customers makes our credit scoring assessment very reliable. So far default rates are within expectations and we are now fund raising to expand ttheir operation. In 2021, our focus is to rollout Donus, in all distribution centers in Brazil as we did for BEES starting last year. To close, our top line momentum is real and we did put test in H2 given tthey excellent results we had last year. And I'm confident in our ability to keep taking our business to new levels and I would like once again to thank tthey Ambev team for tthey dedication during ttheir tough times. Thank you very much for your timing and attention. And I will hand ttheir over to you, Lucas Lucas Lira Thank you, Christian and hi everyone. As you will remember, Q2, 2020 was very tough because of tthey impact of COVID-19, volumes collapsed in many markets and tthey mix shift was severe. However, despite ttheyse short-term theyadwinds we didn't panic we did what we had to do to adapt quickly getting even closer to our ecosystem. And most importantly, we did not lose sight of tthey long-term and decided to seize tthey opportunities brought by tthey crisis and played some big bets to set us up for a sustainable recovery. Fast forward 12 months, our Q2, 2021 financial performance brings more evidence of tthey continuous and consistent improvement that I've been talking about so much, and tthey good news is that our team's disciplined execution behind ttheyse bets is continuing to pay off big time. And theyre's why, net revenue grew a little over 36%, EBITDA grew 24%, normalized profit grew nearly 116% while operational cash flow remains unabated and grew about 2%. In addition, our financial performance in tthey quarter was boosted by BRL1.6 billion in tax credits, of which BRL1.2 billion in ottheyr operating income and BRL1.4 billion in our financial results. Just to recap. Ttheyse tax credits resulted from a favorable Brazilian Supreme Court decision last May that confirmed its 2017 ruling that tthey inclusion of tthey ICMS state tax in tthey taxable basis PIS and tthey COFINS federal taxes was unconstitutional. Given tthey nature of ttheir dispute, ttheyse tax credits are technically part of our normalized results from an accounting standpoint. But as was tthey case in our Q4, 2020 financials, we disregarded ttheyse tax credits for purposes of calculating our organic performance treating ttheym as a scope change. We still have some pending litigation in ttheir matter going forward and we will keep tthey market updated as things progress. However, as disclosed in tthey notes to our financial statements tthey amounts that remain under dispute are not as material. While I'm on tthey subject of taxes, I also wanted to briefly comment on tthey proposed income tax reform in Brazil, which has generated a lot of questions from investors lately. Tthey draft legislation is currently being discussed in Congress, and we are monitoring tthey proposed changes under public debate very closely. It is too early to speculate what will unfold. So we cannot comment on what impact, if any, ttheir part of tthey broader tax reform will have on us and or our shareholders. Should ttheyre be any material developments, we will of course keep everyone informed. Now back to Q2 as expected, tthey quarter presented meaningful theyadwinds in terms of costs and expenses. COGS per theyctoliter grew nearly 16% on a consolidated basis. Ttheyse theyadwinds were mostly felt in Brazil wtheyre our cost of goods sold was negatively impacted by adverse FX and commodity costs, on tthey ottheyr hand, better than expected mix thanks to our commercial initiatives and on trade reopening witnessed towards tthey end of tthey quarter, drove our returnable glass bottle volumes up which reactheyd nearly 40% of our total volumes, which is up from 30% in Q2, 2020. Also cash SG&A was higtheyr growing about 42% on a consolidated basis, wtheyre sales and marketing grew 35%, pretty much in line with our net revenue growth of 36% as we implemented our commercial plans for tthey quarter. Distribution expenses grew 28% also below our net revenue growth mainly because of higtheyr volumes growing innovation returnable glass bottle mix and expansion of DTC platforms in countries like Brazil and administrative expenses double with most of tthey increase coming from provisions for variable compensation, since our performance for tthey year continues to be better than expected. Remember 2020 wasn't no bonus year. Should our performance remain on track during tthey second half of tthey year, variable compensation should continue to impact our year-over-year SG&A performance. Having said all of that. Tthey most important message is that despite all ttheyse theyadwinds, we remain on track towards our main ambitions for tthey year. Strong and balanced top line led recovery across our markets with better net revenue per theyctoliter performance versus 2020. We continue to expect Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter to grow in tthey low '20s for tthey full-year with better than expected mix pretty much offsetting increasing non-theydged commodity is exposure, and normalized consolidated EBITDA performance for tthey full-year should improve as we work to get back to 2019 levels. Let me now turn to our financial priorities of protecting liquidity and improving our return on invested capital. Liquidity remains under control. Thanks to tthey strong cash generation during our recovery. We decided to pay down in Q2, tthey remainder of tthey debt we raised at tthey theyight of tthey COVID-19 crisis to create an additional liquidity cushion. Having said that, going forward, we still believe it is warranted to maintain a prudent approach towards liquidity given tthey uncertainty and volatility that persist across our markets. As for tthey journey of improving our return on invested capital. We remain laser focused on operating as efficiently as possible. But we are also more and more focused on improving our resource allocation across tthey company. Think of it ttheir way, we have great people. We have great assets and we have very strong cash generation. So tthey better we get that resource allocation, tthey greater tthey chance of consistently creating value, ttheir value creation mindset is becoming a big focus of ours. And a good example of ttheir approach is how we are looking at our technology platforms. Platform business models like BEES, Ze and Donus in Brazil not only make total business sense from a customer and consumer standpoint, but ttheyy also make sense from a return on investment perspective of course, we are still scaling ttheym up, but we believe that once at scale ttheyse platforms can drive important value creation for tthey company. And tthey reason why I say ttheir is two-fold. First, connecting ttheyse tech platforms to Ambev's base of customers’ consumers and brands will broaden our total addressable market with potential for furttheyr growing both top line and bottom line in absolute terms. And second, over tthey last decades we develop ttheir amazing asset base in terms of distribution, capabilities and reach, as well as trusted relationships with millions of points of sale across Latin America that provide our technological platforms with a very solid foundation to build on and scale in terms of speed, autonomy, and leverage. Tthey more we are able to use tthey core business as a springboard tthey less capital we will require to grow ttheyse businesses. In terms of use of cash, after taking into consideration tthey appropriate liquidity levels for our more unpredictable and changing environment. After allocating resources efficiently towards organic growth and after keeping some M&A dry powder. We intend to continue returning excess cash to shareholders over time. To wrap up a quick word on tthey ESG. On June 28, we theyld our ESG date, wtheyn we shared our thinking in terms of how we are approaching sustainability, which after all is our business, thanks to everyone who joined and for those of you who are unable to make it tthey materials can be found on our IR website. And we look forward to continuing ttheir dialog with tthey investment community, because ttheyre still a lot much more to share to learn and to do. Thank you. And with that, let's move to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marcella Recchia with Credit Suisse. Please Marcella go atheyad Marcella Recchia Hi, Christian Hi, Lucas. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions theyre, first on Brazil Beer, could you explore a little bit more about tthey strong top line growth. We have seen now for a few quarters in a row and your expectations to sustain ttheir momentum going forward, I wait that before going to my second question? Christian Jereissati Sure. So yes Brazil beer has been with good momentum for a while. Right now, we know that last year in tthey pandemic tthey comps are all over tthey place. But if you look at tthey cleaner reference ttheyre is 2019. You can see clear how Brazil with steel with gaining momentum quarter after quarter, Ambev accelerating. And I think ttheir is based on many decisions that we took all over tthey best year that it was really a mindset of being tthey leader in expanding tthey industries, tthey industry had ttheir opportunity to develop tthey in-home occasion increasing theylping to increase frequency, a lot of tthey mindset on innovation were 20% of our revenues are really coming from in Beer Brazil from products that did not exist three years ago, wtheyn ttheir is up a pipeline of brands that ttheyy are coming in quarter-by-quarter and ttheyy are maintaining ttheyir performance. So I'm very excited about that. Ttheyre is one information true that we have theyre in Brazil above tthey brand equity, tthey brand power of our portfolio and wtheyn we compare H2 2021 with H2 2020, we gain, tthey 3 million new fans of our brands. So that's a KPI that we focus and which follow very close also so consumers that ttheyy really elect one of our brands as ttheyy are preferred brand. So ttheir number is real increase in our portfolio is really stronger. And moving forward, I think somehow, tthey good news will come as tthey vaccination came back with tthey reopening. We come back to our stronghold, ttheyre is really ttheir socialize in out-of-home occasion. So, somehow I feel that very confident that we are with a structural movement on our top line with momentum, that I'm very confident of. Marcella Recchia Perfect Christian. Thank you very much for tthey clear answer. My second question now is more a sort of an update about your venture initiative menu that. Could you share with us more about tthey recent developments on ttheir business line? Christian Jereissati Menu? Marcella Recchia Yes. Christian Jereissati Tthey marketplace. Right? Marcella Recchia Exactly. Christian Jereissati So that was our start-up that we accelerated two years ago. We grew 60 times ttheyir GMV with us. And ttheyn we make a decision to wtheyn we accelerate in menu, we didn't have ttheir developed, and ttheyn now we decided to combine ttheyse initiatives. And ttheyn tthey marketplace in tthey new assortment will [Audio Gap] and our journey off becoming more digital. And in our vision of moving from a beverage company into a platform, wtheyre we have two big communities. Ttheyre is consumer community that Zé leads and tthey customer community that BEES leads. We are in a long journey of building ttheir capability and ttheir muscle. We acquired back two years ago [indiscernible] that was really tthey company that theylped us in tthey beginning. And ttheyn we internalize and ttheyn we invested on BEES and now in Zé Delivery now we have something around 2,000 coders working with us really with ttheir mindset off being able to get digital products and not just beverage products in tthey market. And ttheyse BEES and Zé both ttheyy give us a lot of visibility a lot off granularity for us to increase big time our revenue management capabilities. So I'll talk up first about BEES, now 70% of our customers, ttheyy are ttheyre. And so we know wtheyn ttheyy buy we are really learning that ttheyy prefer to use tthey app during weekends and do not wait for tthey sales rep and ttheyn tthey sales rep gets ttheyre and ttheyre is tthey learning that something that we didn't figure out before that ttheyy buy B2B business is made off imposed to so ttheyy buy in different. Ttheyre is, if you have good promotions and we can add different products to our basket, if you really have tthey insight about tthey basket of our customers wtheyn we add different information. So BEES is completely different muscle animal that we will theylp us have a lot of insights on our pricing strategy much better that we had before and BEES theylped us. Already if you see our discount optimization big time, ttheir year wtheyre we are much more linear much more in terms of acquiring new customers so we are, with 10% more customers that we had before tthey pandemic in ttheir type of granularity and artificial intelligence is really theylping us really to be efficient with discounts and to as market pricing as market revenue management. And Zé is anottheyr thing so Zé we have a 5 million consumers community that ttheyy use tthey app and we are just targeting now one occasion, ttheyre is ttheir thing about Ultra convenience 20 minutes, 30 minutes beer at home with supermarket prices, but ttheyn ttheyre is a lot of a room for us really to follow tthey consumer journey, think about wtheyn our consumers, ttheyy have a party to anticipate that and have a different type of revenue management for that occasion. And we are, and we have tthey opportunity to increase big time signature show wtheyre we have anottheyr app in Zé Delivery can at some point in time decide if it goes for ttheir new mission and all those missions we can go very granular and we can really decide in a smart way wtheyre you watch tthey revenue strategy for it. So we are in a completely new moment in terms of capability off using data to decide our revenue initiatives. Unidentified Analyst So you have more tools and capabilities for protecting tthey value of your brands by offering tthey point of sale on a ray of ottheyr areas and services wtheyre you don't have to give away value in your brands essentially right? Christian Jereissati That's it, because we are, we add convenience. We think about missions. We understand our consumers and with a broader portfolio. We can, wtheyn we put all ttheir four levers togettheyr, we can really go to a different level of revenue management with tthey technology that we just added. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is excellent. Thank you very much, I appreciate your insights. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG Pactual. Please Thiago go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Hello, Lucas, theyllo Christian, theyllo everybody. Thanks for tthey opportunity. I'd like to ask three questions actually. Tthey first one is, if you can theylp us navigate through tthey SG&A particularly in Beer Brazil, but I think it goes for tthey rest of tthey geographies, but particularly in Brazil. I mean it's clear tthey year-over-year pressure on G&A coming from bonus accruals, but it also feels like that ttheyre is more to it? And I was wondering how much that's coming from tthey digital initiatives and tthey last mile logistics. That is arguably impacting your cost ttheyre, particularly coming from BEES and Zé. So if you can, if you can theylp us through navigating through it in terms of how we should think of it in percentage of revenues going forward. For SG&A, that would be nice. Tthey second question is on BEES and you mentioned tthey BRL9 billion GMV in Brazil and how 70% of your clients are already active in tthey platform? But can you, theylp us or can you detail a little bit more on how that GMV breaks down between Ambev's products and third-party products or in ottheyr words, how much your clients of those 70%, you know how much of ttheyir purchases. Ttheyy are doing effectively from tthey platform, and that would be nice to theyar as well. And tthey third question, can you talk a little bit, I think more to Christian? Can you talk a little bit more about tthey resilience of tthey beer industry you already discussed in a previous question about tthey momentum that you guys have built over tthey last four quarters, four or five quarters, But can you talk about tthey industry itself because you really looks like tthey industry Ambev is a stronger than tthey industry now, but it looks like tthey industry is strong on itself? So can you talk about ttheir in terms of tthey demand in terms of how tthey occasions have built during tthey pandemic, and how you expect ttheir normalization to affect your mix in particular because, it also looks like premium has gained more ground on tthey back of ttheir changes provoked by tthey pandemic. So if you could elaborate on that that would be nice? Thank you so much. Christian Jereissati Okay. Good questions Thiago. Thank you for tthey questions, I will start backwards. We start with tthey industry ttheyn BEES and ttheyn we go for SG&A. Okay. So industry first of all yes, we are seeing our resilient industry, we always mention that, that our industry is a resilient one and tthey pointer is that it’s like we really made ttheir decision a little bit before tthey pandemic, to as a leader company to really bet on that we studied a lot tthey different of industries and performance of Brazil and Mexico to get our approach down theyre in Brazil. And ttheyn tthey pandemic came, we really decided to really accelerate towards tthey future towards what's going on in our market that's maturity two and goes for maturity three and what's our approach for channel and innovation and occasions. So we really went bold on that a big part of tthey industry expansion probably all of tthey industry expansion is really coming from our volumes and in what we are seeing it is that I think tthey. So - is that, tthey beer in Brazil it is something that is very theyalthy in terms of consumer approach. So it's not losing share of growth is very theyalthy it’s a category that we see as very theyalthy, tthey interest, tthey concept about new liquids in tthey meaning of tthey brand so everybody is - still very important in tthey culture and in tthey people's lives. So ttheir is one thing. Tthey second thing it is that we always knew that moving forward to a more mature market, new occasions would come. And ttheyn we had, we have ttheir view off a big part of tthey increase in tthey industry in Brazil. It’s coming from frequency, it’s coming from in-home, it’s really coming from Mondays and Tuesdays relaxation, mindset, but so, that's what we see. And we believe ttheir is something that we see, well - we see coming in all tthey markets and it was just accelerated by tthey pandemic. And we believe that tthey residual of that we will maintain. And ttheyn with tthey vaccination in tthey restrictions really being lifted. We will go back to tthey ottheyr occasions that are really our stronghold tthey bars in tthey socializing out of home. So in tthey end, I believe that tthey combination of like Ambev really putting industry as a priority in tthey learnings of Mexico in tthey innovation that address occasions. In address, new consumer for example Stella same polluting. So it's really add consumers for tthey industry. I really believe that tthey industry will keep strong. So that's my view on that. I believe that with vaccination and we have all tthey things that we did. I think we want to have. I'm optimistic in terms of industry about H2. In reality, a surprise for us it was more than tthey high end, what we saw it was really innovation in core in tthey resilience of tthey core really making a big part of ttheir growth of tthey industry that we navigated very well, high end is something ttheyre is more structure with tthey more long-term. So ttheir is, we know that we want to come in tthey difference that we really saw in ttheir last year, it was really innovation in core that drove a lot of tthey changes in tthey industry. Okay. So ttheir is one thing. So second thing about BEES. So first of all, tthey vision is to digitalize our customers and ttheyn to have beer as ttheyir backbone, so ttheyy have to download ttheyir app tthey BEES, tthey usage has to be good. Tthey NPS has to be high, and we should be able to do it by ourselves like beer, thinking about tthey new role of tthey sales representative, how ttheyy will be in part of that, how we want to bring all ttheir e-commerce experience for our B2B, and ttheir is wtheyre we are. So we are guaranteeing that ttheir is. So we are aggregating now our wholesalers. So BEES is now a platform that we were going to be 100% off direct distribution centers and wholesalers. So it will be all over Brazil. And ttheyn with that we beginning to aggregate partners. Okay, so ttheir BRL9 billion is pretty much our beer GMV. Wtheyn we put at Ambev today formation that I can give you is that we are close to BRL100 million of products that didn't are part of our portfolio. Ttheir is growing very fast, as we continue to expand our e-commerce portfolio. Now we are with around 300 SKUs that ttheyy are not from our portfolio, ttheyy are now, but ttheyy are not produced by us, 31 partners and we are in 380 cities offering ttheir new portfolio. So ttheir is tthey type of numbers that we have. So BRL100 million Ambev not just be a Brazil with products that are not from our portfolio in growing very stressed. Wtheyn we go for SG&A, I think we have to break it down, it's hard for us to talk about SG&A combined, because ttheyy have very different dynamics. Sales and marketing is pretty much what we've seen ttheir quarter, maybe a little bit off a phasing from things that we didn't do in Q1 because of Carnival that we invested more in tthey premium now, but overall in tthey long-term ttheir should be like in line a little bit below our top line. Wtheyn we go for distribution, what came above our volumes performance in normal inflation? Ttheyre is a have performance on ttheyre is innovation that we just launctheyd in tthey supply capabilities, ttheyy are coming. So we launch it for example, now our brand spotting, so it is starting to agree. And ttheyn we move it a lot, and ttheyn we catch up to producing more breweries. So ttheyre is a piece of it. Not piece of it is really tthey transformation. Tthey last mile offsets or wtheyn we look at ttheir numbers in tthey best what's goes beyond tthey volume in tthey inflation. Ttheyre is a half. Ttheyre is a lot of efficiency for us to do on tthey France, tthey supply capabilities of innovation we are accelerating, and ttheyre now tthey last mile, ttheyre is a lot of opportunities for us. And bonus is really that we didn't have last year in once we decided that tthey role of ttheir year was to have a V-shape recovery on tthey top line. So in tthey end. Ttheir is something that we are delivering. And we are accruing tthey bonus for that, ttheyre is above last year in above normal average that we had in tthey best. But I will ask Lucas to give a little bit more insights on tthey SG&A piece. Lucas Lira Okay. Thank you, Christian. Thanks for tthey question Thiago. So I think on sales and marketing. Right. Tthey way to think of it, okay, is really around sales and marketing, which is - what we saw in H1. Right. We saw net revenue growth atheyad of Sales and Marketing. Okay. So I think it's - we're not targeting specifically any sort of trend going forward. But if you look at tthey performance over tthey last few quarters. That's what you've seen. Okay. In terms of distribution, I think tthey way Christian broke it down makes sense. Okay. So I would look at. On tthey variable side, I'm really linked to volume growth and also mix of returnable glass models on tthey one hand. Okay. And so as volumes continue to grow, it's reasonable to expect of it distribution expenses to also grow and as returnable glass models recover likewise some increase in distribution per theyctoliter as a result. And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side of distribution expenses, we have tthey innovation and we have initiatives like DTC, innovation ttheyre is opportunity for improvement as we bring online more production capacity spread out around tthey country to really avoid tthey need to ship product long distance as tthey footprint improves for innovation. And as I mentioned regarding DTC, tthey reality is that is still not at scale. And so as it continues to scale up, we do see more opportunity for efficiencies on tthey distribution side of tthey DTC platform. Okay. And ttheyn finally on admin, tthey bulk of tthey organic variance year-over-year is indeed coming from variable compensation that explains more than half of tthey increase and that's a function of tthey fact that recovery is better than expected, right as we went into tthey year. So if we continue to deliver better than expected results for tthey remainder of tthey year, we should continue to accrue for bonus going forward. Okay. Thiago Duarte Great answers. Thank you so much, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Simonato with Bank of America. Ms. Michael go atheyad. Michael Simonato Hi, good afternoon everyone. Christian, Lucas, thank you for tthey call. My question is on tthey cost side. Right. I remember Lucas you mentioned last quarter that Q2 was likely going to be tthey peak wtheyn we think about cost per theyctoliter, and in reality, it was better than Q1, right. And at tthey end of tthey day, you're keeping tthey guidance 40 year. So I was wondering, what is actually changed ttheir quarter, right, and how you're phasing ttheir for tthey second half of tthey year. Christian Jereissati Okay. Hi, Michael. Thanks for tthey question. You're right, we had a positive surprise in Q2 on tthey COGS per theyctoliter on tthey cash COGS per theyctoliter performance that improvement came mainly from mix. Okay. And tthey reason for that improvement is really better than expected returnable glass bottle volumes which recovered much faster than we anticipated. Okay. And that's good news for tthey remainder of tthey year. As we continue to work behind having returnable glass bottles, continue to gain weight as part of our mix, okay. And tthey reason why we are maintaining tthey full guidance for tthey year is because you may remember that in Q1. I referred to tthey fact that part of our commodity costs are not theydged right, and given tthey way that commodities have continued to trend since ttheyn, tthey commodity cost pressure, tthey untheydged portion right, is actually continuing to become more of a theyadwind. Okay net-net, we think it's going to be pretty much a wash meaning tthey higtheyr untheydged commodity costs are going to be pretty much offset by better mix right, which allows us to reiterate tthey guidance of cash COGS per theyctoliter in tthey low '20s for tthey full year, okay. But that's tthey dynamic better mix offsetting higtheyr untheydged commodity costs. Michael Simonato That's clear. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Ben Ttheyurer with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you very much, Christian, Lucas congrats on tthey results. Just wanted to follow-up a little bit on tthey strategic initiatives around tthey B2C and tthey B2B business and how that is aligned with your more flexible pricing strategy. And how you think of tthey back half of tthey year and ttheyn into 2022 in regards to potential price initiative and how you think you can leverage what you establittheyyd on tthey B2C and B2B business? Thank you. Christian Jereissati Yes, so let me try to give you a broader answer on that. So yes we are reviewing upgrading our strategy moving forward. We have ttheir business vision that we are much more than a beverage company. We want to transform into a platform, which is inspiring brands. That's really connect people in tthey ecosystem, so that we can all grow togettheyr and ttheyre. And so ttheyre is a big bet on tthey tech piece, on really upgrading tthey company into a platform wtheyre we have two communities that we really have to serve perfectly ttheyn tthey customers’ community and tthey consumer community. And ttheyn Zé is addressing, our consumers and ttheyn we want to think about how to add more technology to that more missions, more occasions, more now, does that should be more omnichannel and ttheyn BEES is really about tthey customers and ttheyn we should like integrated more with Donus and really upgrade BEES to our technology that serves Ambev customers, but should move into a broader portfolio that we are ready to talk in ttheir call. But ttheyn moving ttheyn into a fintech that has ttheir opportunity to really solve financial problems, financial services of our customers with credits and with our beer rest machines and everything. So we are really going in ttheir two directions and tthey possibilities that we have in revenue management. Ttheyy are transformational. So if you think, we are long-term wise piloting discounts more as cash backs in tthey financial deck in tthey financial in tthey fintech combined plus BEES. So we are really thinking about. So we are learning a lot a lot with ttheir granular, big assortment a lot of customers’ information that we have, that we are using artificial intelligence and tthey algorithms. Ttheyy are upgrading we are getting better and better on adding more portfolio to tthey same clients on adding portfolio ttheyre is not from our breweries, but ttheyy are very essential to our customers. And so, ttheyre is a lot of ttheir new muscle off revenue management that we have on tthey customer side and on tthey consumer side. And in at some point in time, ttheyse things will be really fully connected. So we give tthey discount to our consumer that goes in a customer that has BEES and ttheyse things connect and ttheyy match each ottheyr rapidly. So it's going to be a new muscle that we – are working very hard to be a competitive advantage for us and we believe tthey things that we are learning ttheir year ttheyy will really theylp us in 2022, because ttheyy are really transformation. And ttheyy are really good, not just from our perspective, but in tthey way we settle those things with customers in tthey way we target consumers and get more discounts for consumers on occasion based on missions. So I really believe ttheir muscle will be very important for us for 2022 it will theylp us on tthey top-line. And ottheyr thing it is that tthey best thing that we have so we are living on a inflationary scenario theyre in Brazil still and in tthey end so we have to make a decision on tthey price increases that usually comes on September – in tthey middle of September. And tthey good thing is that we are seeing momentum and it will be September-October in our business. We see momentum in our business and ttheir is so important to make ttheyse decisions because we feel comfortable to take risks, and we are seeing tthey vaccination numbers wtheyre Brazil can be with like 80% of tthey population fully vaccinated by October and November. So it looks like we want to have a good end of tthey year with good momentum and with new tools and capabilities for us to really live in ttheir inflationary scenario that we've been living in tthey last couple of quarters. Ben Ttheyurer Okay which in turn that should also theylp you to offset some of tthey incremental raw material your cost pressure, you most likely have locked in for what, at least tthey first half of 2022 is correct? Lucas Lira Yes Ben, yes Ben ttheir is Lucas I can take ttheir one. I think, tthey answer is yes, it should theylp partially offset that and remember that given our theydging policy right, of course we still have pretty much half of tthey year to go in terms of theydging. But what we're seeing now is that looking into 2022 tthey pressures that we face for 2022 are far lower than tthey theyadwinds that we are facing in 2021, right. Remember that given how tthey BRL and tthey Argentinean peso trended in tthey last 12 months, right. Tthey bigger portion of our cost theyadwind ttheir year is coming from FX, right and looking into 2022. That's not tthey case so far ttheir year, right. Ttheyre is still half of tthey year to go, but so far, we're at a much better place on tthey FX theyad side going into 2022 as opposed to wtheyre we are today, okay. And on tthey commodity side, yes we do face higtheyr commodity theyadwinds going into 2022, but tthey net-net, tthey combination of FX theydges and commodity theydges are at tthey much lower level than tthey type of theyadwinds, we're facing in 2021 Ben Ttheyurer Okay perfect, fingers crossed for tthey second half and thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from João Soares with Citibank. Please João go atheyad. João Soares Thanks, good afternoon everybody Christian, Lucas. I just have two quick ones on my side. Tthey first one, I just wanted to understand with tthey vaccination accelerating in key cities theyre in Brazil and tthey on-trade recovering. I just wanted to understand, I mean you're of course you're developing very well on BEES. And of course we're very close to that client throughout tthey most critical moment of tthey pandemic. So that's my first question. Tthey second question Christian I know that BEES is developing very well. And thanks for sharing that information on tthey GMV and tthey color on tthey [indiscernible], but I wanted to understand about competition looking more into tthey long-term, do you identify any potential competitive pressure coming potential wholesalers developing ttheyir own online businesses that compete with tthey B2B clients and BEES. So I just wanted to understand more of tthey long-term outlook for BEES? Thanks. Christian Jereissati So first let's talk about tthey market share reopening in tthey on-trade. I think our – so based on our information. So our market share it's very strong, and so we have - if you think about tthey last quarters so on ttheir Q2, it is something that we are with a very good market share that something that we begin to build and we really are on as I mentioned in tthey beginning. It looks like Brazil within a new level of volumes and market share on ttheir Q2. And I believe ttheir, if you think about channel mix, if we really can't maintain tthey market share that we have channel-by-channel. In ttheir deal on trade recovers ttheir occasion of socialize tthey out-of-home. So usually ttheir should be positive for us, because it's tthey occasion that we really over index. So, somehow, I'm optimistic about tthey market share, and so let's see how it goes in H2. But ttheyoretically, tthey trend should be in our favor. And on top of that, so ttheyre is a lot of thing ttheyre is really structural, so Brahma brands is much theyalthier than before Brahma, Duplo Malte theylp tthey whole category. So tthey whole family. So of tthey Brahma theylp it big time on ttheyir and growing a lot on tthey equity ttheyre. So ttheir is an important point on tthey consumer side. So my RTM is really structurally better than before. I'm reaching more customers, my service level is all-time high. So tthey digitalization is bringing so a completely new our features in opportunities that we have that ttheyy are liking so much tthey adoption was so high. So, somehow, I'm very confident on that. Wtheyn we talk about wholesalers in BEES. I believe somehow, we are atheyad of tthey game, so we started ttheir in tthey right moment. If you were talking about my wholesalers, my wholesalers ttheyy are really inside my ecosystem, very excited and aligned with tthey BEES platform. So my wholesalers that ttheyy are - so my RTM is really 100% with BEES. Wtheyn we look about ottheyr beverage companies in ottheyr FMCGs looks like we are pretty much atheyad in tthey game. And I know some competitors, ttheyy are trying theyre in ttheyre, but I don't see that much coordination on that matter. So I think we are atheyad in tthey game, and I think tthey competition is more on own tthey things. But in tthey end, ttheyre is a lot of opportunity. So ttheir market is so fragmented. So tthey leader in ttheir industry has 3%, 4% of market share. So it's really a place wtheyre competition is very fragmented, and somehow we bring our service level and capability of delivering in reaching, that's unparalleled. So, somehow I think ttheir is things that I could mention about what your question. Joao Soares Thank you. Just to be clear, I was referring to tthey players. Tthey cash interplays like - but I get into tthey question? Christian Jereissati Thanks. Yes, we think tthey total addressable market is huge and ttheir industry is very fragmented. So we see plenty of opportunity. That’s tthey bottom line. Lucas Lira And I think it's less about competition, because it's very fragmented, it's really about under serving customers that ttheyy are really in need in ttheir moment that all - ttheyre is more retailer need productivity to go over ttheyy spend can in tthey future. I indeed of some company or some app that's really solve ttheyir problems and I think ttheyy are really underserved today. So that's tthey view. Joao Soares Understood. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Alan Alanis with Santander. Please Alan go atheyad. Alan Alanis Thank you so much. So we look at - congratulations on tthey results and ttheyn tthey integration and tthey strategic direction of tthey company particularly. Just a couple of quick questions, one of tthey, that tthey global tthey more strategic, tthey tactical one, could you theylp us understand tthey 4% sequential decline in pricing in beer in Brazil from tthey first to tthey second quarter, how much of that is product mix, brand mix, channel mix, and so forth, and tthey equal to that is Chile, if you could give us a lot bigger in terms of tthey relationship with tthey Coca-Cola system over ttheyre. I understand that it's working very well. What are tthey lessons that you have learned, and what are tthey opportunities for those partnerships in ottheyr parts of Latin America? Thank you. Christian Jereissati Thank you, Alan. Let me get ttheir one. So tthey price reduction quarter-over-quarter if you look back in tthey past, so it usually occurs mainly because of region mix and a little bit of channel mix. So, is something, ttheyre is a little bit more structural than tthey season. It's most of tthey years it's ttheyre, it's around seasonality in mix, in general off regions in channels. Okay. So ttheyre is no big deal on that, ttheyre is not something that was of decision. It's something ttheyre is more normal.  Wtheyn we go to Chile. So, yes. So tthey good part of that is looks like as ttheyy mentioned to us, it's very happy. We are very happy looks like company is happy, so with is a deal that like it's, ttheyre were a lot of value that we are properly sharing and everybody is in a more is looks like is happy. It is a platform wtheyre one plus one is more than two and it because. So we have tthey leading brand in terms of equity in Chile, ttheyre is Corona. Ttheyy have tthey leading platform of distribution and we were trying to put ttheyse things in parallel, wtheyn we decided to go togettheyr tthey governance is working and it just make us a confidence to have more alliances in general was and so BEES all over tthey place is a technology wtheyre we are, building a lot of alliances and partnerships. And so I think ttheir concept of alliances, ttheyy will be on tthey next level in tthey past it was just tthey alliance on exclusive distribution now and we are very happy with Chile in, but ttheyn we have to think alliance from a broader perspective on using tthey technology delivery on BEES theyre in ttheyre, sometimes you have distribution. Sometimes you don't have tthey distribution just get tthey take rate. So ttheir concept. So we are going to be much more open to different type of alliances for us to do than we were before. Chile is one type that make ttheir really confident that alliances are good in possible. Alan Alanis Yes, that makes a lot of sense and very happy. So again congratulations and thanks for taking my question. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please Rob, go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Great, thank you very much. A few questions that may be related. First, can you talk a little bit about how your high-end business in Brazil Beer is developing obviously a tremendous portfolio, but what percentage of your business now is at tthey high end, is that part of tthey business, gaining share and are you seeing any changes in tthey consumer base between kind of tthey craft beers that you have tthey imports, any nuances around corona backs, so that would be tthey first question. And ttheyn tthey second question is, can you talk about innovation ttheir year, you know, we're kind of revisit, what are tthey most important innovations in 2021 and anything that you're doing that's notable on tthey beyond beer or returnable bottle - not returnable bottle, returnable drink side, ready-to-drink side. I'm sorry, ready-to-drink side in your region. So high end '21 innovation and ready-to-drink beyond beer projects in '21. Thank you. Christian Jereissati Okay. So thank you for tthey question, Robert, let me get tthey premium first. So ttheir was a quarter that we grew with our portfolio, something around 35%. So it was a good growth. So what we saw during tthey pandemic is that, so we saw in terms of portfolio, ttheir thing about tthey resilience of tthey core, tthey high-end growth in ttheir segment is something more structural, that it's like a more long-term. And we see it coming back again, and ttheir is structural is something that is our priority and we put as a KPI for us, brand equity, so investment in branding atheyad of any type of market share gains. Okay. So that was our decision, and we put tthey portfolio in place. We positioned tthey brands, find tthey consumers, and ttheyn we are really investing on marketing dollars, over indexing big time on tthey high-end, and we really want to drive brand equity atheyad of any type of penetration in consumption to really have a sustainable long-term business. And we are very excited about it, because we are growing equity very fast in a very consistent and sustainable way with our portfolio, and ttheyn our portfolio, it has to grow volumes accordingly. So it was a good quarter. But I'm more excited with even though with tthey brand equity on how Corona is really performing in Brazil on how Becks it really came with ttheir region of a product that follows tthey pure love in it, and has tthey edge in flavor is [indiscernible]. So I'm really excited about brand equity moving very fast sustainable for our portfolio and ttheyn volume will follow, okay. So ttheir is one thing. Second thing it is that, wtheyn we talk about innovation in our adjacencies, so in talking about beverages theyre, so tthey pipeline of innovation, tthey most relevant things that we have in place are - so I bet on theyalth and awareness, okay. So ttheir is tthey avenue that we're going to populate and we're going to have more products on that. So we are in tthey Olympics now launching Mictheylob Ultra in Brazil with tthey Olympics - in tthey Olympics moment, Usain Bolt is our - is in our advertising. So it was a good moment for us to launch Ultra. We just roll it out after tthey pilot stellar without looking that we are very excited about. So we are bringing out new consumers to tthey beer industry so ttheyse are - ttheir is an avenue Ultra and growth in. We launctheyd in terms of renovation of tthey core a brand called [indiscernible]. Ttheyre is one brand that from our portfolio, German, first dated from 1397 that we are rolling out in Brazil that it will have entry premium core plus prices that it's our important bets that we have, we just started to roll it out. And in terms of adjacencies, so tthey Beats brand is doing very well, we are rolling out Mike's Hard Lemonade with tthey flavors in - with tthey lemon tangerine in peptide flavors and we are piloting tthey hard seltzer. So that's wtheyre we are and ttheyse are tthey three most important avenues of pipeline of innovation that we have for tthey H2. Robert Ottenstein Great. And if I could just follow-up, I know it was very interesting your comments on growing brand equity atheyad of volumes essentially, and making a key KPI brand equity. Is that approach somewhat different than what you've had you know, over tthey past, you know, theirtory, I mean not maybe tthey last couple of years but theirtorically, over tthey last 10 years, would that be a very different approach. Christian Jereissati So ttheir specifically - ttheir KPI that we are following brand power - brand equity in power, we're going faster than tthey market share. It was something that for now we are 18 months consistent with ttheir is specific strategy and we begin to see it, it's paying off. Robert Ottenstein Terrific, thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. Now I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Christian Jereissati, CEO for Ambev for their final remarks. Christian Jereissati So, I would like to thank again my team Ambev for tthey dedication during ttheyse tough times. I also want to thank analysts and everyone who joined ttheir call for time and attention. And to wrap up, I'm really confident about tthey future. I have ttheir feeling that we, our company is really structurally better in a tough cycle of commodities and currencies, but wtheyn you look tthey underlying trends, we are really structurally better, commercial strategy innovations, tech platforms and operational excellence is really delivering results. We seize tthey opportunities brought by tthey crisis we place it, big bets of accelerating towards tthey future in a sustainable recovery. Transformation is theyre in our business, so we have ttheir vision of platform customers and consumers, two big digital products that we have BEES and Zé and our portfolio is really stronger than before. Brand equity, brand power is really showing that we have 3 million consumers in Brazil that claim - that mentioned to us that one of - in tthey past one of our brands were not ttheyir preferred one and now, one of brands are ttheyy are preferred one. So I'm very excited about my portfolio. And cash generation is a strong - remains strong. So thank you very much for all your time and attention and have a great day. Operator Ambev's conference call is now concluded. Thank you so much for attending. Have a nice day. And you may now disconnect.