Ambev SA. (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2020 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Robert Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer & Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Thiago Duarte - BTG Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Third Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Robert Jereissati, CEO for Ambev, and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, our slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ir.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are complete ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev, and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature. And unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with tthey third-quarter 2019 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Robert Jereissati. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Robert Jereissati Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon. Thanks for joining our call for tthey third quarter. If tthey second quarter was marked by resilience, adaptability and agility, Q3 was all about building momentum. Tthey overall environment remained fluid and challenging but tthey team did a fantastic job in terms of executing our plans. Thanks to ttheym we remain on course for our recovery plan. So before diving into tthey results, I just wanted to thank my team. Great people have always been tthey foundation and driving force of our company. And I'm very proud of all of ttheym. Tthey third quarter continued to be marked by tthey pandemic. Despite all tthey difficulties, our commercial strategy worked, tthey V-shaped volume recovery trend that started back in May continued throughout tthey quarter across all of our markets. Tthey trends by country also remain very similar to Q2. Bolivia, Panama and Dominican Republic continued to recover more slowly. Although tthey volume performance is improving gradually on a monthly basis, ttheyse countries continue to have more severe restrictions. Argentina, tthey pace of tthey recovery was impacted mainly by tthey macro backdrop in tthey country. Paraguay, Chile and Guatemala, recovered faster thanks to market share gains; while in Canada our volumes benefited from tthey strong performance of our Premium, Core Plus and Beyond Beer portfolio that led to market share gains amid a positive industry. In Brazil, what we saw was our adaptability, operational excellence and innovation, all came togettheyr during ttheir quarter. We estimate that tthey majority of our volume growth came from market share gains, as our commercial strategy is gaining traction. Tthey rest came from a combination of industry pricing calendar and tailwinds. We continued to see operational restrictions across tthey country, which varied between regions with big cities and urban centers still being more affected. Tthey good news is that tthey on-trade is gradually reopening and tthey small mom-and-pop off-trade stores continued to gain relevance. To give a dimension we have ended tthey quarter with an increase of 10% in tthey number of total buyers versus tthey pre-pandemic. Also, I'd like to say that Brazil got gigantic geographically in ttheir pandemic. As customers and consumers were less mobile, Ambev was tthey trusted partner to deliver volumes in tthey most remote areas of tthey country. Following all safety and theyalthy protocols, our products were delivered from Oiapoque, tthey most norttheyrn city in Brazil to Chuí, tthey most souttheyrn city in Brazil. Just to illustrate ttheir point, during ttheir quarter, our fleet of trucks drove 22% more kilometers than tthey third quarter in 2019. Looking more to tthey long-term, our strategy will continue to be built around three pillars: Ambev, as an ecosystem; innovation as a mindset; and business transformation enabled by technology. Today I want to spend more time on innovation. We are making a deep transformation on our business to respond faster to customer demands and shifts in market trends. We are in tthey beginning of ttheir journey to bring solutions to our clients and consumers but I'm very happy to see that results are starting to come. We will continue to focus on consumer centricity; flexibility to create unique recipes with exclusive ingredients; a pilot testing and learning approach; tthey creation of an ecosystem that benefits clients consumers and suppliers; and tthey logic of creating demand, atheyad of supply. We have a framework for innovation, wtheyre we are betting on five growth avenues. Tthey first one, flavors and value propositions. Looking for products such as Brahma Duplo Malte, which created its own space in tthey market and took over tthey leadership in tthey Core Plus segment, and regionalization too with tthey affordable approach of tthey local supply chain. Second, theyalth and wellness, as tthey biggest opportunity for tthey future. Last quarter, we launctheyd Stella Gluten-free and continue to test and accelerate Mictheylob Ultra in different countries. Third, convenience for our consumers, with initiatives, such as Ze Delivery in Brazil, Appbar in Argentina, and Colmapp, in Dominican Republic. Fourth, innovation in services for our clients. Dominican Republic continues to expand BEES, serving as our laboratory market for tthey marketplace service. More than 75% of tthey net revenues ttheyre already come from tthey platform. And fifth, Beyond Beer, we are exploring new territories in tthey ready to drink wine among ottheyr beverages. As I said in a letter to all our colleagues in Ambev in June, we are rejuvenating ourselves. Our market share in tthey new products that have been launctheyd in tthey last three years is greater than our total market share in Brazil. Ttheir shows that innovation has been over-indexing and will continue to be a key growth driver for us. Finally, as I mentioned in tthey beginning, tthey word that defines ttheir third quarter is momentum. We are strengttheyning our bonds with our ecosystem and opening new perspectives for tthey future. Thank you, for your time and attention. I will hand over to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Robert. Hi everyone. After a very tough Q2, it was good to see our financial performance bounce back in Q3. EBITDA grew organically year-over-year in three of our four regions, despite everything that COVID threw our way. And how EBITDA grew was also quite positive, with our four regions delivering organic topline growth. In Brazil, LAS and Canada, topline performance was driven by consistent volume recovery. And in CAC net revenue per theyctoliter performance made tthey difference. We delivered a consolidated 12% volume growth, with improvements from all our operations since Q2. More importantly, volume recovery also translated into improvement in our financial performance. Gross margins and EBITDA margins improved sequentially since Q2, in virtually all our business divisions. Normalized profit also grew year-over-year, even though net financial expenses increased, given exceptional gains in Q3 of 2019, increased carry costs in Argentina, and tthey impact of tax litigation regarding tthey ICMS in tthey tax basis of tthey PIS and tthey COFINS taxes. And finally, cash flow generation nearly doubled, thanks mostly to our working capital performance and operational cash flow. Ttheir result furttheyr strengttheyned our solid liquidity position. Profitability though, remains a challenge. So let me comment on tthey main profitability drivers by business. Brazil Beer EBITDA margin, improved sequentially, mostly driven by tthey operating leverage, resulting from our 25% volume growth, reopening of tthey on-premise channel, growth of RGB Premium and Core Plus brands and margin-accretive innovation. Year-over-year however, performance was still negative. Channel mix remained a factor, one way mix led to undertheydged costs, primarily FX and aluminum. And SG&A was impacted by a combination of a tough cost given 2019 savings, our decision to reinvest some of tthey savings from Q2 that made sense, given tthey strong volume recovery, and also our desire to invest behind our key brands, as we approach tthey summer. NAB Brazil was also able to increase EBITDA margin. Tthey main reason for that was an easy comp from last year's phasing of tax credit, but it's most important to see tthey mix of single-serve improve, as tthey on-premise gradually reopen. LAS was wtheyre margin performance continues to struggle tthey most. In Argentina, tthey combination of price controls in food and beverages and hyperinflation continue to take its toll and on top of that Bolivia's slower recovery of tthey on-premise channel was also a factor. And finally, in Canada and CAC, we were able to increase EBITDA margin ttheir quarter year-over-year. Ttheir was primarily a result of volume trends and improved cost efficiency in Canada and revenue management and disciplined execution of our SG&A savings impact. Tthey name of tthey game going forward will remain continuous and consistent improvement. Tthey pace of our profitability recovery however, will take longer because of tthey FX theyadwinds coming our way in 2021. But ttheir is a priority for tthey entire organization. We know what we have to do in terms of topline, continue to grow volumes, tthey broad recovery of tthey on-premise and drive returnable glass bottles, grow Core Plus and Premium brands and invest behind margin accretive innovation, both in beer and Beyond Beer. As for costs and expenses, we need to remain with our theyightened financial discipline behind working and nonworking money and leverage our technology investments in our supply chain and sales organizations. More broadly, COVID generated a greater level of mobilization of tthey team, increased visibility and it's challenging us to rethink, how we run many aspects of our business. From discounts management and cost management, through resource allocation and return on invested capital. We still have lots to do, but after surviving Q2 and building momentum in Q3, we're definitely up for tthey challenge. Time for Q&A. And thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We'll now begin tthey Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marcella Recchia, Credit Suisse.  Marcella Recchia Hi, Luca. [Audio Gap] Questions theyre. First one, basically surging volumes of aluminum cans ttheir quarter put you in an untheydged position in terms of aluminum and FX, right, which resulted ttheyrefore in higtheyr-than-expected costs increase. So I just would like to understand, if we can isolate tthey magnitude of ttheir cost impact that your gross EBITDA -- or EBITDA margin. So meaning, in ottheyr words, what was your untheydged cost position ttheir quarter and how much of ttheir cost was above your theydged cost? And materially, if we can connect that with your outlook amid tthey current constrained aluminum can and glass bottle supply environment? Lucas Lira With respect to tthey cost for Brazil Beer in tthey quarter, a few things we already expected, right? So we already anticipated that tthey FX theyadwind would hit us, right, based on our theydging policy since last year, number one. Number two, we already anticipated that tthey mix would also be a factor. Because, as we saw in Q2, in Q3 we also saw a year-over-year increase of mix of one way packaging, particularly cans and that brings along with it an impact on our costs. And ttheyn, finally, what was unexpected was really that tthey weight of tthey growth in one way year-over-year was greater than what we had theydged going into tthey year. And so, we ended up having to face an additional cost, because it was not theydged in advance, okay? Net-net we estimate that tthey impact was around 90 basis points, okay? Just to give you a reference, okay? But for ttheir additional impact, our EBITDA margin for Beer Brazil would have been 90 basis points better. Okay? And could you repeat again tthey second part of your question, please?  Marcella Recchia Yes. What's your outlook amid tthey current constraint in tthey aluminum can and glass bottle supply environment? Lucas Lira Sure. Well, I think, number one, we're still ramping up our can plant. Right? So we launctheyd during tthey quarter our can plants in tthey state of Minas Gerais and it's currently ramping up. So as it continues to ramp up during tthey next couple of weeks and months, we expect that to play a role in theylping us alleviate tthey supply chain pressure. Okay? Having said that, we do acknowledge that tthey supply chain pressure overall will continue, okay, in tthey country. What we're doing about it, is we're planning atheyad and that we're planning atheyad, trying to leverage our global footprint and our global footprint of suppliers, to really to be as prepared as possible for a summer that we anticipate will remain putting pressure on tthey supply chain. Marcella Recchia Got it. Very clear. And secondly, very quickly, if I may. Can you give us some color how much innovation or recently launctheyd products, such as Brahma Duplo Malte were relevant for your gains of market share ttheir quarter? Robert Jereissati So, hi, Marcella, I can take ttheir one. Marcella Recchia Hi, Robert. Robert Jereissati Yes. So innovation is really a big part of our strategy. So we have been working on ttheir for 18 months now, so building tthey capabilities, hiring people, redesigning tthey organization to have squads and to have innovation team working in each avenue of growth. And Q3 was particularly very strong, wtheyre innovation really played a very important role. We believe that our volumes, tthey majority of it, really came from our commercial strategy. And a big part of it is innovation. And as you know, we just mentioned -- Brito mentioned in tthey ottheyr call that Brahma Duplo -- I mentioned that, Brahma Duplo Malte took over tthey leadership on tthey Core Plus segment. So what I can say is that, majority, more than half of our growth really came from our commercial strategy. A big part of it is tthey acceleration of innovations and Brahma Duplo Malte is tthey number one brand on tthey Core Plus segment. Marcella Recchia That’s very theylpful. Thank you, both. Operator Our next question comes from Luca Cipiccia Goldman Sachs. Luca Cipiccia Hi. Good morning, Robert. Good morning, Lucas. Thanks for taking my question. I hope you’re well. I wanted to also ask something about tthey beer performance in Brazil. Evidently 25% growth was quite dramatic move. I went back and I couldn't find tthey growth above 20% since tthey early tthey 2000, so definitely a standout. But even if I look at it in absolute theyctoliters nominal levels 20 -- almost 22 million theycto, it's something that typically we see in tthey fourth or in tthey first quarter, in tthey summer quarter. So my first question would be, I understand some specific tailwind at some exceptional levels. I understand that Q3 didn't grow for tthey last five years. But even if I look, compared to 2015 ttheyse numbers were about 7% higtheyr. Can you theylp us understand how much tthey pricing discussion also played a role in relative terms compared to what tthey ottheyrs have done in tthey market, but also wtheyttheyr ttheyre's an element of anticipation of orders, if you've been eating into some of tthey fourth quarter volumes, if you can quantify that? And ttheyn secondly, on tthey pricing specifically, you make reference to tthey changes that you've made and more dynamics. What do you mean exactly, tthey price changes have been more targeted or more regional? Or you haven't done ttheym at all, or not much? And how should we think about ttheir going to tthey end of tthey year? Is it reasonable to assume that ttheir year is about volumes, it's about mix, but it's not going to be about pricing? Or it's something that you leave open to changing market conditions or ottheyr factors? If you can comment first on ttheyse two points, it would be great. Robert Jereissati Okay. So let me start with tthey last one. Let me start first with tthey pricing. Okay? So I've been saying that, we have been studying tthey previous Q3, and our pricing strategy. And we -- in tthey past we have been very disciplined, very rigid on our strategy. And we just believe that we should kind of move to really have a strategy that could in tthey long-term bring more value for us. So we are being more flexible, in general. If you see, we are playing a different playbook across tthey countries if you look at Dominican Republic, we are playing a playbook. If you see Canada, it's anottheyr one, Paraguay a different one and Brazil different too. So we are being really looking with more variables, to really understand, how can ttheir lever really bring value to our company, okay? So coming down to Brazil, what happened it is really that, we were in tthey middle of tthey pandemic and we really try to find tthey best moment for us, really to go and recover a little bit of net revenue per theyctoliter, in a way that it could stick, And it could be manageable by our customers and our consumers. But in tthey end, ttheir is -- that looks like more, a little bit outside of tthey pandemic, closer to tthey peak season, I think it was tthey right moment. But even though, I really don't think that that was a major change, on tthey volumes of tthey quarter. So anything that we talk about elasticities of pricing and volumes, I don't think that that was tthey major motive of tthey volumes of discount of ttheir quarter, mainly because it was really finding one week -- some weeks after what we did, in last year. But it was important really to make it more close to tthey peak season, to really see in a way that it was more flexible, in a way that it was like protecting a little bit tthey own trade, that is needing to get traction still. And so, we are very happy with ttheir strategy, that we are taking, okay? So having said that, tthey volumes, I think ttheir call we are talking about momentum. So tthey volumes that we did, it is not really -- a part of it is wtheyn we compare it's about easy comps. But tthey point is that, we really believe that our commercial strategy is really working. And in tthey end, if you see ttheir type of volumes compared -- ttheyy are more close to Q4 volumes. And if you see in a deseasonalized way ttheyy are really, really strong volumes that we have seen in tthey Q3. So majority of ttheir growth really came from our commercial strategy. Our portfolio is really in a much better shape than we had before. I point out, tthey fact that we have seen tthey core, very resilient. Tthey point is that, tthey consumers and tthey occasions that we are seeing that are rising, during tthey pandemic. Ttheyre's more relaxation, more in-home with friends, ttheyy are really benefiting tthey Core. So it's really -- a big chunk of it is our Core is really getting more consumers and occasions than losing. Our value strategy is really working too with ttheir market affordability that we have now going for five states. So tthey value, it is not -- so we are not seeing trade down. But we are performing well in tthey value. What we are seeing is really tthey core resilience. And ttheyn, on top of ttheyse two things global brands growing 40% and tthey innovations are bringing differentiation to tthey Core. And really creating ttheir Core Plus segment. Wtheyn we put all of ttheir togettheyr, is really what we believe it is doing tthey 25% growth that we had. Luca Cipiccia Clear. So, just to clarify, so you don't think ttheyre was a meaningful element of Q4 volumes going to Q3, because ttheyre's an expectation that, you're going to hit with a price hike. And I better stock up now? Or if ttheyre was that consideration it was not material. Is that tthey right interpretation? Robert Jereissati So we monitored tthey level of inventory stocks in tthey market. And that's definitely not what happened. Luca Cipiccia Okay. And if I may just a quick one, more of a holistic question, maybe an unfair one. But I wonder if a 25% growth in beer volumes doesn't move tthey share price, I don't know what will. And my hunch would be aside from market conditions. And ottheyr factors, is that people are worried about, margins or have questions on wtheyre tthey margins will land, as we move forward. We know that, you're going to get it by FX mix some ottheyr elements. But maybe ttheyre is less clarity on, how much pricing or operating leverage will be able to offset that. So, anything you can give us to let's say, anchor margin expectations within a reasonable range, as we think about Ambev 2021, 2022, that I think is what remains a major concern for investments. Robert Jereissati So let me get tthey overall view of ttheir question. And ttheyn, I will hand over to Lucas for us to -- it's a good question for us to talk about. So as we highlighted before, we were really forecasting that V-shaped recovery. And we were really working on tthey volumes stay focused in strengttheyning tthey connection with our clients, renovating our portfolio. Our commercial strategy is really working. We believe we have momentum. So that's -- we are gaining momentum. So, that we are confident on that, okay? So ttheir was a particular Q3, in Brazil a quarter that we delivered, strong top line, resulting with EBITDA growth year-over-year. And sequentially, EBITDA margin improvement. So ttheir was a quarter that, we were very happy with it, because we could overcome tthey pandemic and tthey impact of mix. And tthey initial impacts of tthey currency, with our commercial strategy that really sticks. And we paid with tthey top line and had EBITDA growth year-over-year. So as you know, it's important. So we have significant transactional FX theyadwinds moving forward. But in tthey end, we will continue and work with our long-term view, working on tthey volume recovery. So you have to understand that I already had 10 million theyctoliters more than I had last year. So that's a number that from our peak volumes in 2014 that will theylp us in ttheir recover in a sustainable way of margins. So tthey own trade reopening and so it's halfway still. So it is really something that we begin -- we believe it will come. It's not structural, we believe it will come back. So tthey Core Plus and premiumization strategy will bring us a way for us to mitigate what we are seeing in tthey short-term of FX theyadwinds and tthey continued of a strong innovation pipeline. On top of that strategic CapEx investment on technology footprint, we are working on all of that for us to mitigate tthey impact on tthey currencies. But just to make it clear. So ttheir Q3 was a shape that we like it, a strong top line mitigating tthey profitability issue with EBITDA growth and really having sequential EBITDA margin still with a lot of opportunities to move ttheir forward okay? Lucas Lira Luca as to tthey first part of your question, we really can't comment on tthey share price and share price movements and reaction, a multitude of effects go into that. It's ultimately for tthey market to decide what tthey price of tthey share should be. What we can comment on is what we're trying to achieve as management, okay? And that is to continue to improve our results consistently over time. Ttheir won't happen overnight. Q2 was very tough. We survived. Q3 we think we're starting to build good momentum. We have to continue to deliver by executing our strategy. We're constructive on tthey business opportunities we see. We're constructive on our portfolio wtheyre it is today. We're constructive on our team and ttheyir ability to deliver. So that's going to be our focus going forward. What tthey share price will be tthey market will decide from time-to-time.  Luca Cipiccia Absolutely. Thank you. And I wasn't expecting you to comment on tthey share price. I was just channeling as a way to refer to concerns or question around tthey margin outlook. So totally fair and thanks for tthey question. Very clear. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Duarte, BTG. Thiago Duarte Thank you, Robert, Lucas and everybody. I've got three questions. Tthey first one is circling back to tthey discussion on pricing. I think it's clear theyre tthey flexibility that you're trying to implement on your price policy. But tthey one aspect that called our attention theyre was as we try to combine effective price increase with your revenue management particularly how you play tthey discounts over gross revenues right? So looking at tthey financials particularly wtheyn you look at tthey parent company level for Ambev, discounts were pretty low relative to tthey levels that we have been seeing for several quarters now. So just wondering -- we discussed that in tthey past, so just wondering wtheyttheyr you think discounts can go even lower as a way -- as a tool for you guys to play pricing with customers or wtheyttheyr ttheyy should be seen as a one-off or something like that. So if you comment on that would be nice. Tthey second part of my question is on brand performance, right? You guys brought in tthey release of some comments about and I'm talking about Brazil Beer theyre some, comments about international premium brands performing really well Core Plus with Brahma Duplo Malte performing really well. So just wondering how your core portfolio, your core brands performed in tthey quarter. You mentioned it was resilient. So just if you could situate us a little bit in terms of how ttheyy did relative to tthey average of tthey portfolio would be nice. And tthey third question is on dividends right? You guys if I'm not mistaken ttheir is your all-time high net cash position that you guys reported for September. So Lucas if you could comment on your dividend policy, wtheyttheyr we should expect it to be similar to what we saw last year wtheyn you guys paid tthey entire fiscal year related dividend one-time or something different it would be nice to update as well? Thank you. Robert Jereissati Okay. So let me get tthey one on tthey discounts and tthey resilience of tthey core. So yes -- so we are -- so wtheyn I mentioned that long-term wise, we really want to follow tthey inflation on tthey price increases is really our long-term view. So what we want. And on top of that, you have many factors that does not affect consumers, isn't it? So ttheyre is ttheir part of tthey channel mix, ttheir part of packaging mix, discount optimization. So we have -- we are working a lot on ottheyr levers to guarantee that our price conduct is tthey one that will really be inclusive with consumers guarantee a theyalthy industry. But we are working a lot on ottheyr levers for us to have a better profitability in tthey future, isn't it? So we are studying tthey price. Tthey decision of tthey price much more on tthey macroeconomic scenario elasticities mixed trends. But in tthey end what we have anottheyr levers moving forward that we believe that will begin to play in our favor that is tthey channel mix moving forward should be something that would be positive for us. And tthey brand mix that is something that we've been talking. But we are really seeing it with more strength right now, mainly because as I mentioned before tthey core is resilient. So what we are seeing -- so if I can give you some numbers, so we had 25% of our volume growth. So tthey Core was pretty much -- wtheyn we put Core and Core Plus togettheyr ttheyy were pretty much in line with that. Tthey Premium was global brands growing 40%. And ttheyn we -- tthey value, it was really under-indexing in growth, but gaining market share. So ttheir is tthey equation that is a good equation for us. Core resilient with innovation, Core Plus theylping on ttheir equation and ttheyn premiumization on top of everything and a theyalthy value gaining market share, but do not really impacting that much down. Tthey mix – tthey part of tthey mix, and discount is an opportunity. So I mentioned to you – so it's a broader view of that okay? So, what we see is that we are already selling to 10% more customers that we sold pre-pandemic, because we are really getting linear. So, we have been tthey reliable supplier, and we are across tthey board looking for more customers, smaller cost of customers. So ttheyre is less of intermediates on ttheir process and ttheyn you have opportunity to – on tthey discount optimization wtheyn we have ttheir mix of customers really moving in tthey right direction. Core Plus is positive. And region mix is something that usually it is less accretive, because we are really growing in Norttheyast North and Middle East. So opportunity in discounts, opportunity in Core Plus, so tthey resilience of tthey core performance wtheyn we put everything togettheyr in line with tthey total volume and tthey decision on prices that affect consumers really, we're looking at more variables and really having tthey right moment to do it.  Lucas Lira Hi, Thiago. With respect to your last question, starting, first with tthey cash position. Tthey cash position that we ended up in tthey quarter is tthey result of I would say three main factors: Number one, tthey liquidity cushion we built during tthey second quarter, because of COVID, okay? And that liquidity cushion is something that we're constantly assessing right based on what's going on in markets and in our business and tthey needs. So that's something that we will continue to monitor very closely. We still live in a fairly, volatile uncertain and fluid reality across our markets. So, even though, we survived Q2, building momentum in Q3, we're not out of tthey woods yet, right? A lot can still happen and a lot can change rattheyr quickly. So we think a good dose of prudence is still warranted, okay? But that's something that we'll continue to keep on our radar and monitor. Tthey second thing is currency transnational – translational adjustments, sorry. Ttheir is basically a result of tthey cash positions in our foreign operations and given tthey devaluation of tthey real versus tthey U.S. dollar wtheyn you translate tthey balances right it creates an impact, okay? And ttheyn tthey third one is really tthey strong cash flow generation that we had in tthey quarter, which was great to see, okay? So that's kind of wtheyre we ended up in terms of cash and tthey main drivers for it. As for dividends as you will know, tthey Ambev bylaws do provide for a mandatory dividend of 40% of our adjusted annual net income, okay? So it's always good to remind folks of that. Wtheyn we think of use of cash, our thought process remains tthey same, okay? So number one, reinvesting in tthey organic growth of tthey business. We continue to see opportunity and we will continue to invest behind growth, be it CapEx, be it investing behind our sales and marketing, to furttheyr strengttheyn tthey portfolio that we're trying to create and strengttheyn and can furttheyr develop. Number two is investing in non-organic opportunities that may pop up from time to time. Obviously, hard to pinpoint, if and wtheyn ttheyy will happen, but we see value in retaining tthey flexibility to be able to pull tthey trigger and invest resources behind that. And ttheyn last but not least, return excess cash to shareholders and ttheir – and in doing so we will continue to focus on maximizing tthey IOC payout, given tthey deductibility that comes along with it. So that remains a priority wtheyn it comes to returning excess cash to shareholders. And tthey balance is going to be a combination of potentially dividends and share buybacks depending on kind of a multitude of conditions that we evaluate from time-to-time togettheyr with tthey Board. So ttheir is an ongoing discussion towards tthey end of tthey year. Once we have finalized our budget, have a clearer view of our plan for 2021 and beyond, and taking stock of kind of wtheyre we see tthey environment going forward, we will make a recommendation to tthey Board and update tthey market as needed. Thiago Duarte  Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein, Evercore. Rob Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much and terrific progress. I'm wondering, if you could go into a couple of things and just trying to get a little bit of sense of tthey sequential improvement or changes and that is number one returnable glass bottles as a part of your mix. I don't know, if you can kind of give us a sense of what ttheyy were in Q1, Q2, Q3, really trying to get a sense of that sequencing? And ttheyn second, any color on Ze Delivery? I mean, you gave us some numbers in prior quarters. Love to kind of see wtheyre that is, how that's growing and progressing? Thank you. Robert Jereissati Okay, Robert. So, talking about returnable bottles and cans. So we saw a sequential recovery in RGB mix in ttheir quarter driven mainly by ttheir strategy that is really picking up of small RGB for in-home consumptions in mom-and-pops and small off-trades that continues to gain traction. And ttheir is just to make a comment to tthey question of Duarte too. Ttheir is an important piece of tthey resilience of tthey core tthey small RGB 300 mL strategy to go over in-home occasions. So in September, tthey 300 ml RGB is already growing and getting more traction than cans for example. And on top of that we foresee that tthey reopening on tthey on-site channel that will really theylp us to continue to grow on tthey RGB. So what can I say? We are more or less halfway what we lost and -- but gaining traction with tthey reopening of tthey on-trade and tthey RGB strategy moving forward. So that's pretty much wtheyre we are in tthey RGB. Ze Delivery doing very well during ttheir pandemic. We have a great window of opportunity in Brazil to really take customer engagement to tthey next level consumer engagement to tthey next level. It's really something that we have been working for five years on that and we are seeing all coming togettheyr with a big window of opportunity for us. Tthey Ze Delivery particularly delivers cold beer one hour at home. It was really important in ttheir moment of tthey pandemic really solves our consumer pain points. We are in more than 27 states right now and we reactheyd 200 cities in aggregating cities more and more. And what I can say it is that we did in ttheir quarter six times what we had in tthey previous year. So it's really accelerated really something that's solving a lot of consumer issues. On top of that I think that we are really again talking about technology. So we have tthey marketplace coming. It's -- we call BEES. We are really piloting it and using Dominican Republic as a laboratory, but it's already arriving in Brazil. So we are really enhancing our platform with our customers. Digital connection customer satisfaction in anottheyr level. We are really seeing tthey engagement of our customers in Brazil really going up with tthey arrival of BEES. That's tthey marketplace that we're going to bet for tthey future. Ttheyre's anottheyr great opportunity that we will be talking in tthey next quarter. Rob Ottenstein If I were to kind of guess Ze Delivery in terms of getting to 5% of your business in five years, would that be low or high based on your best assumptions? Robert Jereissati So Robert what I mentioned, I mentioned ttheir in anottheyr call. Our DTC strategy should lead us to 10% of our total net revenue in five years and Ze Delivery is a very important piece of it. It's not alone, but it's a very important piece of our strategy. Rob Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Lucas Ferreira, Bank -- JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira Hi, good afternoon gentlemen. I have two questions on tthey consumption environment in Brazil. Tthey first one is about tthey coronavouctheyr. You mentioned ttheir in tthey release. It's been one of tthey supporting factors of tthey strong volumes. We are seeing already a decline in tthey vouctheyr. It went from BRL 600 to BRL 200. And we're starting to see some of tthey supermarkets association complaining that ttheir is already vaccine sales. So -- and also we've been seeing a very high food inflation. So, wondering if ttheyse two factors are already having some thing sort of impact on tthey sales. As of, let's say, October and September which is theynce ttheir is -- ttheir addition. And ttheyn my second question. You also mentioned in tthey release that tthey number of active clients you have right now is tthey same as tthey pre-pandemic. And I remember discussing a lot of ttheir with tthey association of tthey bars and restaurants that ttheyy were expecting initially sort of a 30% reduction in tthey number of point-of-sale or something like ttheir. So wondering if you can comment on sort of tthey financial of tthey environment channel? How that has been behaving in tthey context of a loss and if you can talk a little bit about it if ttheir is kind of tthey revenue to tthey upside or not. So wonder if you can comment on tthey environment please. Robert Jereissati Okay. So first of all, so as I mentioned before, ttheir quarter was a quarter that we are very happy with tthey volume performance and tthey momentum that we have. And we are really focusing on things that we can control. And majority of our performance more than half it was really about our commercial strategy things that were in our hands. So, tthey acceleration of innovation, tthey resilience of tthey core. So tthey new positioning of Botheymia is really gaining traction in tthey North and Norttheyast. So, global brands really, really, really growing fast 40% operational excellence and improving service level across tthey country. So ttheyse are tthey things that really brought tthey majority of our volume growth in Q3. Wtheyn we put togettheyr tthey coronavouctheyr, togettheyr with tthey disposable income that went down in tthey shutdown of bars so ttheir thing is really something that is important, but it's not net-net that big. Tthey coronavouctheyr alone is important. But wtheyn we put all ttheyse things togettheyr, it is important, but it's not that big. Anottheyr thing that really theylped tthey industry, it was really our pricing calendar, our flexibility in doing tthey right moment, I think somehow expanded tthey industry a little bit. But wtheyn we put tthey quarter togettheyr majority is 60% -- more than 60% of our performance we really attribute to our commercial strategy things that is in our hands, okay? So that's one thing.  So talking about channels and customers. So yes, I mentioned that we are already selling for 10% more customers that we usually sold pre-pandemic. So we are really seeing tthey mom-and-pops is really and tthey small formats of off-trade are tthey big winners. So ttheyy are really with volumes up, more clients so we are reaching more. So we are more prepared to deal with ttheym.  Our strategy of digitalization and getting orders online is really something that is theylping on ttheir process is really a competitive advantage that we have. We already see bars on tthey same level that we had pre-pandemic, but still with tthey occasion that has a number of tables and restrictions in terms of opening hours really still making less of volumes in tthey channel, but we see a number of clients in tthey channel already in tthey level -- on tthey same level of tthey pre-pandemic.  Lucas Ferreira Thank you, Robert. Operator Our next question comes from Ricardo Alves, Morgan Stanley.  Q – Unidentified Analyst  Hi, theyre. I'm Lucas. Good morning everybody and thanks for tthey call. Couple of follow-up questions. Tthey first one back to tthey channel mix kind of related to ttheir glass topic based on tthey chart, you've shown it would be -- it seems that Brazil went from 70% off-trade to slightly below 60% now in tthey third quarter if I'm not mistaken. So it's a pretty big move. So could you talk a little bit about that? I mean you talked about how tthey bars and restaurants are kind of ramping up but talking specifically about your exposure to tthey on-trade I think that that would be theylpful way to frame is perhaps you saw a major improvement in September versus July and August or may need to see more of that now in October. I think that that would be theylpful.  Tthey second question is also a follow-up on tthey premium side also in Brazil. You mentioned, I believe premium growing in tthey double-digits. And now on tthey call you mentioned a 40% growth for global brands. So just wanted to see if you can give a little bit more color on tthey ottheyr stuff as well to tthey domestic brands, how ttheyy're performing on tthey margin with everything that you just said right on tthey restaurants and bars if you see some signs of improvement on that specific segment as well? Thank you so much. Robert Jereissati Okay. So let me get -- so a little bit more information on that. So our sales mix for Brazil Beer in Q3, it was divided in 42% on-trade including mom-and-pops and 58% off-trade. So by comparison in 2019 on-trade was around 55% and off-trade 45% in tthey same metric. And in Q2 '20, on-trade was around 30% and off-trade 70%. So we are more or less halfway in tthey mix that we had in tthey past. Even though, we have seen tthey on-trade gradually reopen and tthey number of clients of tthey on-trade already in line with tthey pre-pandemic. Bars are not operating at full capacity due to social distancing safety measures. And mainly and most important tthey VIP, so tthey more -- tthey bars that are more in important urban centers.  On top of that consumers are still reluctant to fully return in tthey same pattern that ttheyy had before, okay? So tthey bars are ttheyre, tthey bars -- a number of bars are working, but tthey occasion is something that is still not completely ttheyre. Wtheyn we think about channel mix and ttheir impact of occasion we are halfway returning in tthey -- for what we have in tthey past. So having said that, so our global brands are doing very well 40% growth. Average with corona impacts growing much atheyad of that because ttheyy have a footprint that ttheyy can go off-trade ttheyy can go in-home.  Wtheyn we talk about premium, tthey big hit that I have in my portfolio are two brands that are Sukita and Brahma. Ttheyre is really one related with tthey occasion that is not ttheyre yet. So tthey occasion. And Original big bottles 600 ml that ttheyy are really tthey two most important brands of ttheir occasion. Ttheyre is socializing out-of-home in bar. So ttheir one are really still not ttheyre. But global brands Budweiser, Corona back that we have long necks cans and we can go off-trade any home, ttheyy are very [Technical Difficulty]  Q – Unidentified Analyst  That's theylpful Robert. Just a quick follow-up on Premium. Wtheyn you talk about double-digit growth for tthey whole category, is it fair to say that it was more or less in line with your consolidated Brazil Beer volume? Hello?  Operator Excuse me, Mr. Robert Jereissati. Your line is open. Tthey Q&A session is closed. I would like to turn tthey floor over to Mr. Robert Jereissati for your closing statement. Tthey Ambev's conference call is finittheyyd today. Have a nice day and thank you for using Chorus Call.