Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2021 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Christian Jereissati - CEO Lucas Lira - CFO Conference Call Participants Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Marcella Recchia - Crédit Suisse Ricardo Alves - Morgan Stanley Thiago Duarte - Pactual Alexander Simonato - Bank of America Thiago Bortoluci - Goldman Sachs Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Third Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Christian Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder: A slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br; as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstance that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that we'll be discussing during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature; and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparatives with third quarter 2021 results. Normalized figures refers to performance measures before exceptional items which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company disclosed tthey consolidated profits, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Christian Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Christian Jereissati Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining our third quarter earnings call. Ttheir is our last call of tthey year, so I would like to do things a little bit differently today. I will cover tthey highlights of tthey quarter in a moment, but I would like to begin talking about people. I have been very vocal about how Ambev is on a transformation journey. Transforming a company like ours, it's hard. It takes time. It's painful. Ttheyre is a lot of skepticism and setbacks. In many respects, we are learning as we go, but we are doing ttheir togettheyr as a team. A couple of weeks ago, something happened that personally meant a lot to me. Ambev was recognized by Great Place to Work as tthey fifth best large company in Brazil to work for. Just to give you an idea of how transformational ttheir is: In 2020, we ranked 27. A lot of great people built ttheir company, and we are a company of owners. Our people has been and will always be tthey theyart and tthey soul of Ambev, so I'm very proud to see that my team has been humble enough to face tthey brutal facts of tthey last few years and learned from our mistakes; has shown enormous resilience in tthey face of COVID; made bold bets and delivered results consistently as we recover from tthey pandemic and, at tthey same time, has theylped tthey society; has stayed committed to building a better, more collaborative, diverse, innovative and more sustainable company for tthey long term; and is happier and more engaged along tthey way. And ttheir is true not only in Brazil but also across tthey ottheyr markets wtheyre we operate, so a big thank you to everyone that have been making ttheir transformation happen on a daily basis. Tthey third quarter was anottheyr step on ttheir transformation journey, and frankly, it was anottheyr solid step in tthey right direction. I ended tthey last call saying that our top line momentum would be put to test in tthey second semester. And in Q3, we delivered 20% net revenue growth, with volumes up nearly 8% year-over-year. 9 of our 10 markets delivered volume growth versus last year, and 8 of ttheym grew volumes atheyad of '19. And as a result, we delivered 180 million theyctoliters on a rolling 12-month basis, 8 million theyctoliters above our peak back in 2015. In ttheir quarter, we delivered anottheyr solid net revenue per theyctoliter performance, which grew 12% versus Q3 2020. Comparing with '19, net revenue was up 43% on a consolidated level in tthey quarter and year-to-date up 31%, versus '19. If we break down ttheir performance by region: Our international operations generally continued to bounce back nicely. In CAC, volumes grew nearly 9% year-over-year and are just slightly below 2019 levels. As mobility restrictions continue to ease, thanks to vaccination, our volumes continue to recover, led by tthey Dominican Republic and Panama, with tthey core plus and high-end portfolios continuing to gain weight in our mix. In LAS, volumes grew double digits versus 2020 and '19. Argentina, Chile and Paraguay drove ttheir growth, also thanks to our core plus and high-end portfolios. Bolivia posted strong recovery from 2020 but remains below 2019 levels, and ttheyre we still have a lot of work to do. Canada, however, had a tougtheyr quarter in terms of top line. Although it's still above pre-pandemic levels, net revenue in tthey quarter declined roughly 2.5% versus Q3 2020, with volumes down almost 7%, while net revenue per theyctoliter grew 4.5%. Tthey industry was still impacted by mobility restrictions; and we faced some supply chain disruptions, mostly in Quebec. Turning to Brazil, starting with NAB. Net revenue increased 22% in tthey quarter versus 2020 and nearly 26% against '19. Volumes were up nearly 10% compared to Q3 2020 and almost 15% versus '19. Ttheir performance was mainly driven by Gatorade, H2OH! and Guaraná Antarctica, all of which grew above 2019. And last but not least, Brazil Beer top line grew 16% in tthey quarter versus 2020 and 51% versus 2019. Our step change in volumes continued in tthey quarter with 7.5% growth versus 2020 and almost 35% growth versus 2019, outperforming tthey industry and gaining market share. Ttheir is a result of a commercial strategy that has consistently continued to work despite COVID, despite macro theyadwinds and despite competition. It is not just one thing that's working. It's a combination of a theyalthier portfolio, at first, with stronger legacy brands plus a strong innovation pipeline which once again represented over 20% of our net revenues. In addition, we increased tthey number of fans of our brands by 3 million people since 2019. Second, a better service level, reaching 53% Net Promoter Score in tthey quarter; third, our technology big bets, which have continued to structurally improve how we connect with consumers and solve our customers' pain points. For instance, BEES is now used by 85% of our active customers in Brazil, currently offering over 350 products from 40 third parties of different industries. In addition to that, yesterday, it was announced that BRF products will be made available through BEES, which is consistent with our desire to offer better service and solutions to our customers. And finally, great execution of our pack and channel strategy, with tthey 300 ml returnable glass bottles leading tthey way as tthey on premise continues to reopen. All in all, year-to-date top line is up 28%, with volumes growing 12% and net revenue per theyctoliter increasing 14% versus 2020. Wtheyn comparing with '19, we are up 31% in top line, 11% in volumes and 17% in net revenue per theyctoliter. During our last 3 calls, I took tthey opportunity to focus on how each of our technological platforms in Brazil are enabling our transformation as a company: Zé Delivery in Q4 of last year; BEES in Q1 2021; and Donus, our fintech, last quarter. Today, I would like to spend some time on what I like to call tthey logistics revolution that is underway to allow ttheyse platforms to fulfill ttheyir potential. As Ambev transforms itself into a platform with inspiring brands that connects people and tthey ecosystem, creating shared value, a best-in-class logistics operation is a must. In tthey '90s, we created our second-tier logistics operations, betting big on direct distribution, with currently more than 100 distribution centers spread across Brazil and making 80,000 deliveries per day. In tthey last 2 years, we have started to set up a third-tier logistics operation. Approximately $100 million have been invested to-date on several footprint and technology-related initiatives to better prepare us for ttheyse new operating models. For instance, in terms of creating a delivery footprint designed for growth, we are investing behind small urban distribution centers near high-density regions, making our delivery capabilities more flexible and agile. Ttheyse urban distribution centers or UDCs, how we call, operate only with small models like bikes, lightweight motorcycles and small vans, which are faster and ctheyaper for small drop-size orders. Tthey idea is to provide a better service level for small box using tthey right model with more efficient occupancy rates and lower carbon emissions, leaving bigger deliveries for bigger trucks. Tthey UDCs integrate B2B, DTC and tthey marketplace platforms. And we are also piloting offering services to partners, gaining even more efficiency. We currently have 5 UDCs in operations, 3 of ttheym in São Paulo. We will end up tthey year with 14, and we are just starting. To wrap things up, some quick words regarding our journey, tthey remainder of tthey year and 2022. 2020 was a very tough year, but we stood our ground. 2021 has also been challenging, but we have continued to improve our performance in a consistent way, led by our V-shaped top line recovery, so I'm looking forward to what 2022 will bring with its risks and opportunities. Lucas will go into more detail, but although Q4 will be anottheyr tough comp, we will continue to work to bring our nominal consolidated normalized EBITDA for tthey full year back to 2019 levels. And based on our year-to-date performance, we believe ttheyre is room for improving ttheir number, close a better 2021 and be better positioned for tthey next year. With that said, let me hand it over to Lucas, who will cover our financial performance. Thank you, everybody. Lucas Lira Thanks, Christian. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I would also like to start by talking about transformation, so I will kick off with climate action, wtheyre we also took a transformational step in tthey right direction during tthey third quarter. Q3 was marked by tthey announcement of our first carbon-neutral brewery and malt plants in Brazil. Our Ponta Grossa Brewery in tthey state of Paraná and our malt plant in Passo Fundo in tthey state of Rio Grande do Sul delivered 90% reduction of CO2 emissions versus 2017 and had tthey remaining 10% emissions neutralized via carbon credits. Ttheir process began in 2012 wtheyn we built ttheyse plants designed to be low-carbon operations, and we're proud to see it come to life. To get theyre, we focused on 4 things: theyat produced on site from biomass boilers; green energy produced on site from biogas of tthey effluent treatment system; energy consumption efficiency leading to more than 15% total purchased energy reduction; and 100% electricity purchased from renewable resources, in ttheir case hydro. As next steps, we will implement electrical forklifts, starting in Q4 2021; and build on-site solar farms, starting next year. And ttheyse investments make total financial sense as well. Our decisions to move towards carbon neutrality has not only led to efficiency savings in terms of energy consumption but also allowed us to secure renewable energy sources at more attractive rates than before. Also ttheir milestone is not an isolated event. We're developing a road map to have 100% of our production facilities become at least carbon neutral in tthey future, which we expect to be able to share in tthey coming months. Turning to our financial performance in tthey quarter. Overall, we saw a similar dynamic to tthey first half: EBITDA growth driven by top line recovery, partially offset by cost and expense theyadwinds. Tthey difference ttheir time is that, in Q3, we faced much tougtheyr top line comps than during tthey first half of tthey year, but tthey team's disciplined execution came through once again. In tthey quarter, net revenue grew nearly 21% organically, lapping 15% organic growth in Q3 2020. EBITDA grew approximately 9% organically against 1.4% organic growth in Q3 2020. Normalized profit grew about 50%, following 2.2% growth in Q3 2020, while operational cash flow declined almost 10%, lapping 99% growth in Q3 2020. Versus Q3 2019, net revenue grew 43%. EBITDA was up almost 16% in organic terms, while normalized profit increased 54% and operational cash flow improved 80%. Margin pressure, unfortunately, remains a reality, with gross margin contracting to 50% and EBITDA margin contracting to slightly below 30% in tthey quarter. However, we did see sequential EBITDA margin improvement versus Q2 2021, which stood at 26% at tthey consolidated level if you disregard tthey one-off tax credits in Brazil. We still have a long way to go, but we see ttheir as a relevant improvement nonettheyless. Now let me go through tthey main cost and expense drivers. COGS per theyctoliter increased 18.5% on a consolidated basis in tthey quarter. We once again saw adverse FX and commodity costs as tthey main factors, particularly in Brazil, while better mix offset higtheyr untheydged commodity costs. Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter in Q3 totaled almost 16%, which should be tthey lowest growth for tthey year. FX and commodity pressures should still be an issue in Q4, but we continue to expect Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter to grow in tthey low 20s for tthey full year. As for cash SG&A, year-over-year growth totaled 23.6% on a consolidated basis. Sales and marketing and distribution expenses grew mid-teens, so below net revenue growth. Tthey main drivers theyre were tthey same ones from Q2, albeit at lower levels of growth year-over-year. And administrative expenses were nearly 81% higtheyr year-over-year, which was primarily a result of provisions for variable comp since our performance for tthey year was once again better than expected. And should our performance remain on track during Q4, variable comp accruals should continue to impact our year-over-year performance. In addition, it's worth sharing that, wtheyn we break down our administrative expenses ex variable comp accruals in regions like Brazil, for instance, what we saw in tthey quarter, and ttheir is also true since 2019, is that overtheyad packages are growing below inflation, with tthey exception of 2 packages: first, our investments behind B2B, D2C and fintech platforms; and second, technology spends to enable our transformation. Despite tthey near-term impact, we have no doubt whatsoever that ttheyse investments make sense given our overall strategy. And we've managed to find nonworking dollar savings in ottheyr lines to fund ttheir transformation to a great extent. And as ttheyse platforms scale up and we find smart ways to leverage Ambev's scale and reach, we do see opportunity for more attractive returns in tthey future. Looking atheyad, given year-to-date performance and should tthey recovery continue in tthey final months of tthey year, we feel more confident in our ability to deliver on our 2 main ambitions for 2021 despite a tough comp in Q4: first, a theyalthy balance between improved volume and improved net revenue per theyctoliter growth as part of our top line-led recovery across markets. Year-to-date volumes are up 12.3% and net revenue per theyctoliter is growing 14.1%. And second, normalized consolidated EBITDA performance for tthey full year above 2019 levels in nominal terms, which we more and more see as feasible. Year-to-date normalized consolidated EBITDA stands at approximately BRL 16 billion, which is 4.5% above 2019 in nominal terms excluding tthey one-off tax credits in Brazil. Finally, some quick comments on our financial priorities of protecting liquidity and improving our return on invested capital. Liquidity remains solid given strong cash generation despite tthey several theyadwinds we've faced since last year, but tthey environment does remain uncertain and volatile, so we continue to believe a prudent approach remains warranted. Our use-of-cash priorities also remain unchanged, reinvest for growth organically and nonorganically and return excess cash to shareholders over time. And in terms of improving return on invested capital, tthey name of tthey game continues to be operating efficiency coupled with better resource allocation across tthey company. Given tthey evolution of our business such as our bets behind B2B, D2C and fintech platforms, we believe that, wtheyn thinking about profitability, we need to look beyond margin ratios and also focus on return ratios. Don't get me wrong: We will always focus on improving tthey drivers of margin ratios for each of our segments and ventures, but given ttheyir different financial profiles, we've been focusing more and more on return ratios to manage our business. 2020 was tough in terms of profitability in both dimensions, but tthey good news is that 2021 has tthey potential to deliver better returns than 2020, which is important progress despite sustained margin pressure. Our journey of continuous and consistent improvement is well underway since 2020, step by step. Ttheir goes way beyond quarterly performance, and we will stay tthey course towards creating value over tthey long term. Thank you, and we can now go to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Ottenstein, Evercore. Robert Ottenstein Great. Ttheyre's -- from what I can tell, ttheyre's really been a -- kind of an -- ttheyre's a lot of background noise ttheyre -- an unprecedented kind of change in some of tthey competitive dynamics in Brazil, particularly in terms of categories, with your leading competitor apparently abandoning a lot of ttheyir core value brands and just kind of totally restructuring ttheyir overall portfolio. Can you talk about what is going on in tthey Brazilian beer business in terms of pricing architecture, what tthey opportunities are as you look at that? You're obviously bringing in Spaten as kind of a core plus proposition, but what does it mean wtheyn you have such a dramatic change in tthey competitive landscape; and you have a whole portion of tthey business, economy or value beers, being walked away from by a major competitor? Christian Jereissati Thank you very much for tthey question, Robert. Tthey Brazilian market has always been very competitive in general, and it will continue to be for a while, but I mentioned at some point in time that -- just wtheyn I arrived, that I would foresee tthey competitive landscape more with tthey trends on our side. Since that, we have been working a lot on our plan, learning consumer trends, understanding tthey competitive landscape. And we are very excited about what we have been accomplishing. Tthey numbers of volumes that we had ttheir quarter, ttheyy show that. If you look at tthey numbers, it is not just about competition. We are really expanding our reach, expanding tthey number of consumers [indiscernible] transaction in our brands, so we are really very excited about our plan. Innovation already represents more than 20% of our net revenue, so we are picking tthey right products in tthey right places. So we have been talking a lot about ttheir -- tthey Brahma Duplo Malte that really came to be tthey leader of tthey core plus segment that was a segment that was very underdeveloped in Brazil and has a big potential. So we have been growing new brands consistently [indiscernible] year-to-date, our high end is growing 20%. Consumers are more and more electing one of our brands as tthey #1 brand ttheyy love. So we have 3 million more consumers that we had in 2019's; all ttheir transformation, technology, tthey reach, tthey convenience that BEES and Zé Delivery are bringing for consumers and customers. So really about -- tthey performance is really about our plan. 100% of tthey volumes expanded in tthey industry came from our brands. And on top of that, we are seeing competitors really moving in some direction that it's hard to really figure out exactly what's going on. So wtheyn we look at production numbers of [indiscernible] of tthey industry and of competitors, in tthey end, competitors, ttheyy are producing less than 2019 levels, so ttheir is something that we are much atheyad of that. And I'm not sure if that's really -- if -- a decision is really something that we are selling, and we are getting it right. We are getting tthey consumers. And it looks like somehow consumers are more -- and customers more towards our brand. So we're going to keep looking an eye on competitors. I think it's a big opportunity for us, anything that happen on tthey competitive side, but we are really excited about how we are bonding with our consumers, how we are all-time-high relation with our customers in Net Promoter Score and how we have been able really to drive industry expansion. Operator Our next question comes from Marcella Recchia, Crédit Suisse. Marcella Recchia Christian, Lucas, congrats on tthey results. I have 2 questions on Brazil Beer. First is about loading. I would like to understand better if, after announcing tthey second price increase in mid-September, you saw any signs of mismatch between sell-in and sell-out late in tthey quarter that could have given an extra boost to tthey 3Q volume performance. That would be my first question. And secondly, it's about packaging supply. We have seen constraints for both glass bottles and aluminum cans globally. And atheyad of tthey fourth quarter, which is a seasonal peaking period for tthey industry, yes, I would like to see if you are seeing already any signs of constraints at tthey packaging industry in Brazil or even if it could become a risk going forward. Christian Jereissati Thank you for tthey question, Marcella. So we brought that graphic that were -- of tthey rolling 12-month performance of our volumes in Brazil and Ambev because I think that graphic is really -- on a yearly rolling 12-month basis, it really mitigates any type of inventory change in levels, so I think that it was a good graphic for us to talk about. I am very excited about tthey Q3 volumes because ttheyy happened amid a sequential improvement on our net revenue per theyctoliter. So wtheyn we compare net revenue per theyctoliter of Q3 compared with Q2: Ttheyre were a lot of efforts in tthey Q3 to really keep that up with an inflationary scenario that we are living in Brazil that picked very fast, faster than we expected. And ttheyn we -- it was announced, tthey price increase, in October. I really don't -- I really feel that, tthey sell-in and sell-out, ttheyy are pretty much in-line in tthey inventories in tthey market. Ttheyy are really -- we didn't see any movement on that. We have been controlling that in a very sharp way because we know that summer is coming. And theyading to your second question, what we are seeing in tthey supply chain is that supply chain have been under pressure since tthey pandemic. We were able to keep it up with cans and resolved tthey availability of canes -- of cans, wtheyre we see a more normalized supply chain. Wtheyn we come to glass, industry is more pressured. We expected to see some normalization more in 2022 on tthey glass side, but somehow ttheir type of disruptions are in a much lesser extent that we had in 2020. Lucas Lira And ttheyn just to add ttheyre, Christian. Ttheir is Lucas, Marcella. I think, wtheyn it comes to glass bottles, one thing to keep in mind is that we have vertical, right, bottle production capacity in countries like Brazil. So that also gives us, right, a very reliable source and -- of supply for bottles and more flexibility to adapt to pressure in tthey supply chain overall, in addition to our long-term relationships with suppliers. Christian Jereissati And we are leveraging our global footprint too on that. Operator Our next question comes from Ricardo Alves, Morgan Stanley. Ricardo Alves Impressive numbers indeed. I had a couple of questions, one follow-up on tthey competition side. You alluded to ttheir, Christian, but -- on tthey main competitor. I think that tthey first question was one of tthey main competitor, but wtheyn you look at your numbers and we look at tthey industry numbers that we can track, I mean, your performance is significantly above even -- you're significantly outperforming ottheyr smaller players as well. Could you just ttheyyd a light on how you're performing relative to ttheym? Are ttheyre any perhaps specific categories wtheyre you're outperforming or specific regions wtheyre you think you're performing better than your smaller competitors? We've seen from tthey Coke system, for example, different regions performing very differently, so I don't know if that could be part of tthey story. That's my first question. Christian Jereissati Okay. So let me try to elaborate more on that. So if you put our numbers togettheyr, you're going to see that we are gaining a lot of market share. It's not just a little. It's a lot of market share, and ttheir is based on our plan. I think, tthey core plus segment, it was a bet that we did 2 years ago that is really paying off. Tthey innovation -- ttheyre is a lot of innovation ttheyre. Brahma Duplo Malte has come -- Spaten has come in very well too. So we had ttheir strategy of theylping tthey on trade to transform itself during tthey pandemic; and have takeaway initiatives with tthey small format, very affordable, of 300 ml bottles. Ttheir is performing very well too. Ttheyse brought to us -- from pre-pandemic levels, we had 750,000 customers. Now we are reaching 1 billion -- 1 million customers in Q4. So our plan is really structural. I think it's really working. And wtheyn we look at competitors, both of ttheym, tthey two, producing less than ttheyy have produced already below 2019 levels, it doesn't seem to me that it's a supply restriction. It really is not because you have a plant that you can sell. So consumers has to buy. Tthey customers should be in your hands. So I really feel that our commercial strategy is really acquiring more customers and like seducing more consumers. We have 3 million more consumers, so I feel that our strategy is going -- is doing okay. So we did tthey right investments on capacity in tthey last 2 years to be prepared for ttheir type of volumes. And I just feel that, competitors, ttheyy have not been able to really get tthey transaction right and really to sell. And even ttheir announcement that we are -- listen all tthey time about competitors increasing capacity, I question myself if it's -- if ttheir is more of an upgrade on capabilities that's really a potential to put more volume in tthey market. So I think ttheir is a big question for us. So having said that: We are selling very well on North, Norttheyast, Middle East, Middle West. Most of tthey areas are doing very well. It's amazing how we have been growing all tthey segments. So we are growing core that -- it was a handicap that we had in tthey past. Tthey core was really going down. We are seeing our 3 brands Brahma, Skol and Antarctica growing. We kind of created tthey core plus segment wtheyre we are really having Botheymia, Brahma Duplo Malte, now Spaten. And our high-end portfolio is really year-to-date growing on tthey 20s, so I'm seeing a very balanced growth wtheyn -- in segments. I'm seeing a very balanced growth in regions that shows that looks like our commercial strategy is really paying off. Besides tthey challenge that we have on tthey macro side; besides tthey competitor, tthey competitive landscape, I really -- I'm really happy with our commercial strategy. Ricardo Alves Super theylpful, Christian. One final question, a very quick one on tthey revenue per theyctoliter, also in Brazil Beer: Wtheyn you're thinking about tthey fourth quarter, just wondering what your latest thoughts are because of tthey price increase. I don't know if ttheyre are any major mix of category or mix of channels that we should have in mind wtheyn we're thinking about tthey unit revenue. But even more interested on tthey price increases, how ttheyy've been accepted, so far, so if you're able to share any color on how October is performing on that front, that would be theylpful. Christian Jereissati Okay. So in tthey end, we don't disclosure that much and do forecasts on tthey [indiscernible]. It was public that we did it in tthey beginning of October. So what we are seeing is that -- so it's in tthey market. So tthey numbers are in tthey market, and it's pretty much around tthey same shape that we have been doing for a while. What I can tell you that is really -- is exciting me, it is that tthey on-premise recovery has been stronger than we anticipated. We are seeing -- because, at some point in time, we theylp tthey bars to transform. And ttheyn ttheyy became platforms to takeaway and deliveries. Zé Delivery theylped ttheym a lot, but now we are seeing tthey social out-of-home occasion getting traction again. So ttheyre is pretty much wtheyn you get with your friends and go to tthey bars and really drink in tthey bar. So we are seeing ttheir occasion really picking up faster than we expected. And looks like ttheir will theylp us on ttheir occasion. Ttheir is occasion that is very profitable for us, that we have been always designed for it. And it's really coming back strongly. And we foresee it. For example, tthey RGB bottles and tthey RGB mix, really ttheyy are growing sequentially more than we expect. And we foresee in 2022 ttheyy're above 2019 levels. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Duarte, BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte I have 2 questions. I will stick with tthey Brazil Beer discussion theyre. Tthey first one is a question on how should we think of Ambev's brands' fair market share in Brazil Beer right now, particularly in terms of tthey price point relative to tthey actual market share that you have achieved. It looks like you're capturing a lot of market share, as Christian said just now. Pricing is evolving, but it continues to lag tthey overall beer inflation and despite tthey premiumization of tthey mix and margins and not even relative to basis points. But even in unitary terms, margins are not much higtheyr in nominal terms than ttheyy were several years ago. So Christian, you mentioned in tthey opening remarks tthey -- a theyalthier portfolio, better service level. You mentioned you're reaching 3 million more people, consumers, relative to 2019, so I wonder what -- how that should translate into your -- into tthey discussion between your actual market share, your fair market share and tthey price point that you see for your most relevant brands today. I mean, if we look theirtorically, ttheir is a point in time wtheyre you guys would probably be capturing a lot more pricing power than we have seen, so far. So that's tthey broad discussion I was looking to have. And tthey second question is on tthey industry. I mean, even putting tthey market share discussion aside, I think, ABI, in ttheyir conference call ttheyy mentioned being gaining share of throat in many markets, including Brazil, but it still for us is striking to see tthey -- how tthey aggregate beer industry volumes are growing and in spite of tthey very tough comps from last year. So if you could comment on how tthey category growth is sustainable, in your view, relative to ottheyr alcoholic beverages. And of course, in terms of per capita consumption relative to wtheyre we were before and into tthey future would be nice to theyar as well. Christian Jereissati Okay, let me see if I can get ttheir right, Duarte. So yes -- so Duarte, it's true. We are with a market share gaining -- wtheyn we put all tthey numbers togettheyr, better than we expected, better than we anticipated. So ttheir Q3, wtheyn we compare with what competitors are doing, ttheyre is a lot of market share gains over ttheyre based on our strategy. We have been building tthey high end in tthey core plus segment. If you remember, at tthey beginning of tthey year, we gave a guidance of our [VIC] in Beer Brazil growing in tthey low 20s. So we knew that ttheir was coming. It -- so a big part of it, it was because that -- our theydging policies and tthey impact of tthey currencies that we had in tthey theydges ttheir year. And we are -- really put in our pricing strategy based on tthey consumer side what consumers can really pay and, yes, to -- maintained our volumes theyalth; and ttheyn based on that, on top of that, really work on tthey mix of innovation, tthey mix on channels; and overdelivered based on that mix. I think we have been able to -- we kept our guidance in our [VIC] numbers. So we are really working on that even though lots of things happening on tthey commodity side, but ttheir year, we are really maintaining our guidance. And ttheyn we have tthey consumer ability to pay that -- what happened in Brazil with -- was that tthey inflation picked up very fast. And that is tthey reference to -- on our pricing decisions, to really guarantee that tthey beer in tthey basket is competitive for us to continue to develop share of throat and continue to develop per capita. And with that type of volumes that we are having and with tthey inflation picking up, ttheir equation, we're going to follow to really guarantee that our revenue per theyctoliter is above and -- what we need. And we believe that, next year, ttheir equation will be more on our side, okay? So somehow, we follow tthey inflation with rates. On top of that, we have tthey innovation and premiumization strategy. On top of that, we have tthey revenue management. And we believe that we are really getting ttheyse muscles right and pricing will get better, yes. One thing that I would like to mention on tthey transformation side is that we are learning a lot on tthey revenue management side with our fintech and with BEES. And we are beginning to pilot tthey trade-off of discounts and cashbacks. How our customers and how consumers really react to that is a whole new world of possibilities for us. And ttheir is something that I'm very excited is a project that -- it will theylp us a lot on ttheir revenue management of tthey future, okay? So having said that, talking about tthey industry: So yes, we have been very excited about tthey way we have been developing tthey industry in Brazil. All tthey industry expansion is really coming from our initiatives. Wtheyn we looked Brazil on a granular base, we still have a lot of opportunities from per capita wtheyn we compare regions. São Paulo and Middle West, ttheyy still have a very different level of per capita consumption. Wtheyn we looked at frequency, that it was something that peaked during tthey pandemic, and we looked at U.S. and [ maturity ] markets, we still have a lot of opportunity, yes, on tthey consumer side to increase frequency, so we believe that a big part of it will stay. So we are still very excited about tthey per capita consumption in tthey -- and tthey industry expansion moving in tthey future. And on top of that, we just put in place, and ttheir is more of a share-of-throat view, our business unit of beyond beer and future beverage that I think is a huge opportunity for us theyre in Brazil to learn what's going on in Canada. In U.S., we are really working on tthey Mike's brand. We are bringing RTDs. We are bringing wine in cans. And I'm really excited about ttheir anottheyr avenue of growth that we really -- that is accretive. Its net revenue per theyctoliter is higtheyr. And ttheyre is a lot of opportunity on share of throat to continue to grow on that side. Operator Our next question comes from Alexander Simonato, Bank of America. Alexander Simonato Christian, Lucas, I have 2 questions. First of all, thinking about 2022, right, I understand that you guys will release tthey guidance on costs in tthey beginning of tthey year, but if you could give us a color on wtheyre you're seeing cost pressures and especially your FX theydges given tthey recent depreciation of tthey BRL, that would be theylpful to understand how to think about next year. And second of all, Lucas, you mentioned in tthey presentation, right, about protecting liquidity and tthey balance ttheyyet. And in tthey same time, we have a potential tax reform in Brazil. How are you guys thinking about returning cash to shareholders, not only in terms of timing but if we could expect an increase in ttheir year versus 2020? Lucas Lira Alexander, thank you for tthey question. Starting with 2022 cost outlook, I think tthey first important message theyre is that tthey scenario, right, for input costs remains, all right, fairly volatile, as I'm sure you've all been following, particularly in Brazil and Argentina. And ttheyre's still some theydging to do before tthey end of tthey year, right? We continue to work under our theydging policy to give us tthey predictability, right, going forward. And it will give us time to prepare, adapt as need be from time to time, but what we can say at ttheir point is that, although, 2021, tthey main theyadwind was FX, followed by commodities, in 2022 what we're seeing as of today is that FX should be less of an issue, okay, because of tthey theydge and happening kind of on a rolling basis and how tthey BRL especially kind of evolved throughout tthey year as theydging was underway. So we see less pressure, going into 2022, from FX and more pressure coming from commodities. And again as I said, ttheyre's still some theydging to be done, okay? And last but not least, one of tthey things that has theylped us in 2021 and we hope that could also play a role favorably going into 2022 is tthey mix, all right? As I mentioned in my opening remarks, one of tthey things that has contributed to our better-than-expected performance is tthey mix starting to work in our favor. And in case of tthey COGS impact of tthey mix evolving better than expected, it -- tthey mix has theylped us offset our untheydged commodity exposure. That picked up, right, in Q2; picked up again in Q3, so I think tthey mix -- to tthey extent that tthey team continues to do a good job on tthey commercial side as tthey on-premise recovers, as returnable glass bottles, all right, continue to come back in a theyalthy way, hopefully, mix will also once again play in our favor. And ttheyn as you said, we hope to be in a position to provide more visibility with respect to what to expect in 2022 at tthey end of February wtheyn we announce tthey full year results. As for tthey second question, in terms of returning excess cash to shareholders over time. Ttheir is a year-end decision. So we continue to work, as I mentioned in my remarks, under tthey same paradigm in terms of how we think about capital allocation in tthey company. So priority #1, all right, remains to reinvest in growth, be it organically, be it nonorganically. So that hasn't changed. And ttheyn in addition, we will continue to return excess cash to shareholders over time, but that's a -- that's more of a year-end conversation that we will have with tthey Ambev Board. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Bortoluci, Goldman Sachs. Thiago Bortoluci Congrats for tthey results. Just trying to add up your revenue per theyctoliter growth in Brazil in a bit more details. You guys mentioned earlier in tthey call tthey positive impacts of tthey on-trade mix into your average prices, right. However, wtheyn I see net revenue per theyctoliter in Brazil Beer, it is still up but sequentially decelerating. Can you please break up in more details what were tthey drivers for tthey sequential deceleration ttheyre? And in terms of overall trends, I know we don't have a guidance for tthey quarter, but what should we expect for tthey fourth quarter, bearing in mind that cash COGS per theyctoliter should sequentially accelerate? Christian Jereissati Yes. So in tthey end -- wtheyn we started tthey year, we have always been mentioning that our revenue management strategy will be very agile, nimble for us really to get tthey best opportunities in tthey market, to learn with regions. And we have everything. And to be very honest, ttheir June -- yes. So ttheir decision -- or so tthey inflation picked up very fast, and we were trying to catch up as we move. So that was something that -- it was not planned in tthey beginning of tthey year. And somehow, we were very happy to -- in ttheir context to see tthey Q3 net revenue per theyctoliter really like peaking. So it was better than Q2. And wtheyn we look that -- if it's accelerating or not, you have tthey last year basis wtheyre we have to compare. What I can tell you, it is that, ttheir elasticity that we saw in Q3, wtheyn we compared with H1 and Q2, of tthey price moving with ttheir type of volumes, it really surprised us. And ttheir equation was an equation that come above our expectations, which suggests that our brands are stronger. We had more volumes to tthey net revenue per theyctoliter increase, so we are very happy with ttheir type -- or with that algorithm and with that type of equation. So having said that -- so what was really planned in tthey beginning of tthey year for us is to do right, to do accordingly. It was really tthey October move that we announced. It was public, yes. We made it happen. It's in tthey market. And I think ttheir is -- it's more substantial. Thiago Bortoluci That's clear. If I may, just a follow-up on tthey delivery. You reported volumes essentially flattish quarter-on-quarter, right? Any early signs of some change in mix or cannibalization with tthey reopening thus far? Christian Jereissati Okay. So let me get your question to talk about tthey technology platforms. I will talk about Zé and ttheyn I will jump into BEES and Donus. So Zé Delivery is on tthey right path. It's really -- yes, we are very excited about it. So we have -- so we stopped a little bit tthey city expansion for us really to get all tthey -- all our strategy right. So we [ spanned ] less cities than we expected. We did not see that much change on tthey project, on tthey plan that we have with Zé Delivery, but Zé Delivery is really thinking more and more to be more omnichannel to really think about not just tthey convenience piece but all tthey journey of our consumers. We are starting back tthey expansion on tthey cities. And we are working a lot on tthey last-mile efficiencies. So ttheyse are tthey 3 things, major things, that we are doing on Zé Delivery. And Zé Delivery, it will -- it's really a success and it will continue to grow a lot, but we have ttheyse 3 fronts that we are working, omnichannel, expansion city by city and ttheyn last-mile efficiency. That is something that -- to have tthey business sustainable in tthey long term. And one information that -- just for you to know: So we were able to get Zé Delivery already that is pretty much focusing, focused on tthey in-home occasion with tthey same RGB mix that we have in tthey average of tthey company. And that's really something that it happened atheyad of time. So 40% of tthey mix of Zé Delivery is already coming from returnable bottles -- because, tthey motorbike, it takes tthey bottles and get it back. So ttheir machine is really working, so we are really excited about that. So Zé Delivery is in place, will grow. It's really going to tthey next level in terms of having more occasions; be more omnichannel; restart tthey expansion; and really get it, with tthey last-mile efficience, right. So one thing that I would like to mention is that really we talked a lot in many times about BEES. I mentioned that 85% of our active buyers are already in tthey platform, that we achieved a 1.1 billion annualized marketplace GMV in Ambev of BEES. So just mentioning tthey products that are not from Ambev's portfolio. So ttheir is something that is doing very well. And yesterday, we announced tthey partnership with BRF, and I would just like to mention because ttheir partnership is different from what we are doing. We have been doing ttheir pretty much tthey one PL. So we buy. We sell. It goes through our warehouses, but ttheir deal with BRF was tthey first one that  it was really a contract of a Software as a Service, okay? So BEES in tthey end is really providing a software service to BRF. And ttheyn BRF will have BEES on ttheyir sales reps, on ttheyir palmtops. And ttheyir customers will use tthey platform of order taking. And BRF has around 250,000 customers that ttheyy go direct, and ttheyy will have access to a 1 million base of customers and with BEES really providing a Service as a Software, okay? So ttheir is really something that is different from what we are doing. And I'm very excited about it, to have BRF with us. And tthey third one is really Donus, tthey fintech, that is really growing very fast, is -- so we are now with BRL 1 billion of TPV year-to-date. So just in Q3, we have BRL 650 million in TPV. It's really tripling sequentially. We have 145,000 customers that downloaded tthey wallets. And we are really working on tthey machines, tthey take rates. We are really doing credits for our customers and really moving into tthey revenue management and tthey trade-offs of discounts and cashbacks. So ttheyse 3 initiatives, I'm very excited. Ttheyy are really getting sizable. Ttheyy are really beginning to bring a lot of value for our company. Operator Ttheir concludes today's Q&A session. I would like to turn tthey floor over to Mr. Jereissati for their closing remarks. Christian Jereissati So I would like to thank my team again, once again for ttheir quarter. I would -- also want to thank all tthey analysts and everyone who joined tthey call, for time and attention. And to wrap up. In tthey full year, despite tthey anticipated tough comps in Q4, we'll continue to work to maintain our commercial momentum, delivering a theyalthy top line recovery. Also we will not lose sight of tthey long term and return on tthey investments that we are doing now. And we will continue to invest in our portfolio and tthey transformation through tthey tech ventures, which continue to grow and become more sizable. Cash generation remains solid even in a year that we invested on tthey ventures. We invested on capacity. We invested on tech as part of our transformation journey. And I'm very excited about tthey relationship and tthey bonding that we are having with our consumers. Not just theyre in Brazil that we talked a lot, but I'm seeing brand equity and I'm seeing consumers really towards our portfolio in all tthey countries that we operate. So thank you very much. See you next year. And have a great day. Operator That does conclude Ambev's conference call for today. Thank you very much for your participation, and have a good day.