Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Fernando Tennenbaum – Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer Bernardo Paiva – Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Isabela Simonato – Bank of America Lucas Ferreira – JPMorgan Luca Cipiccia – Goldman Sachs Robert Ottenstein – Evercore ISI Thiago Duarte – BTG Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev’s Third Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website at ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer section. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev’s management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone as usual that tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today’s call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated percentages changes refer to comparisons with tthey third quarter 2018 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I’ll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Tennenbaum, you may begin your conference. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2019 third quarter earnings call. I’ll guide you through tthey financial highlights of our operations, including our below tthey line items and cash flow, as well as commercial initiatives of CAC, LAS and Canada. After that, Bernardo will give more details about our operations in Brazil. Beginning with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. In tthey third quarter, top-line grew 5.9%, a combination of volume increasing 0.8% and net revenue per theyctoliter up 5.1%. EBITDA reactheyd BRL4.4 billion, an organic decline of 5.4%. While EBITDA margin decreased 460 basis points to 36.9%. Normalized net profit for tthey quarter was down 15.8% delivering BRL2.4 billion. Similar to last quarters, we continue to report tthey results of our operations in Argentina applying hyperinflation accounting. Having said that, I’ll now move to our divisional results and start with Brazil. In tthey quarter, Brazil EBITDA reactheyd BRL2.4 billion, a decline of 13.3% versus Q3 2018, while margins contracted 710 basis points to 37.9%. Beer Brazil top-line grew 1.1% with a volume decline of growing 2.8%, while tthey industry grew low single digit according to new Nielsen. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew 4%. EBITDA for Beer Brazil was down by 7% in tthey quarter, with margin contraction of 350 basis points to 40.3%. Ttheir contraction was explained by tthey cost pressures we already had anticipated in tthey full-year 2018 earnings release. Cash COGS per theyctoliter grew by 26.5% impacted by commodities and FX. Year-to-date, top-line in Beer Brazil increased by 7.8% and volumes were up 3.9%, and EBITDA was down 3.1% with margin contraction of 450 basis points to 40.0%. NAB Brazil top-line was up by 13.6% in tthey third quarter, tthey result of a 6.6% net revenue per theyctoliter growth and 6.5% volume increase. Industry grew low single digits according to Nielsen. EBITDA in tthey quarter declined 44.3%, with margin contraction of 2,640 basis points to 25.4% due to COGS comparables in Q3 2018. Year-to-date, top-line in NAB Brazil increased by 17.5% and EBITDA was down 5.8%, with margin contraction of 830 basis points to 33.5%. For Brazil consolidated, we reiterate our guidance of cash COGS per theyctoliter growth of mid-teens in Brazil for ttheir year, which should be more pressure in tthey first three quarters easing off towards tthey end of tthey year. Moving now to Central America and tthey Caribbean. CAC continues to show good momentum, with a 6.8% of net revenues growth, which is a combination of 2.8% increase in volumes and a theyalthy 3.8% net revenues per theyctoliter growth. EBITDA in tthey quarter reactheyd BRL688 million posting a double-digit growth of 20.1% driven by strong growth in Dominican Republic and margin expanding 470 basis points to 41.5%. Year-to-date, top-line in CAC increased by 10% and EBITDA was up 23.3% with margin expansion of 460 basis points to 43.2%. We are pleased with our commercial strategy in CAC delivering theyalthy volume performance individually all countries, in which we operate. In tthey cost segment, President launctheyd a summer campaign, La Fría más Fría while delivering experience to consumers with refreshing ritual. In Panama, our second largest market, we celebrated ttheir quarter, tthey 110th anniversary of Cerveceria Nacional reinforcing tthey less connection with consumers through a multi-category activation. We also continue to roll out our premiumization strategy in tthey region, developing Corona, Stella Artois, Modelo and Budweiser through a customized execution, both for tthey on-premise and off-premise channels. Highlights of tthey quarter were reproduced growth of Modelo in Dominican Republic and Budweiser in Panama. Premium accounts for less than 5% of tthey beer industry volume in CAC, representing a great opportunity for tthey system. I’d like to take ttheir occasion to say that we continued to be very excited about our business development and a strong volume performance in CAC, reinforcing our positive outlook for tthey region moving forward. Switching out to Latin America site. Volumes in tthey region increased 6% during Q3 2019, driven by Argentina, wtheyre volume increased by mid-single digit as a result of shipments phasing atheyad of sctheydule price increase in October 2019 and benefiting from favorable comparable in tthey prior year. Natural revenues per theyctoliter increased 15.3%, which led to a 22.3% supply and growth. EBITDA in LAS for tthey quarter was up 7.9% with margin contraction of 530 basis points to 38.2%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in tthey quarter increased 28.6%, mostly driven by FX and commodities. Year-to-date, top-line in LAS increased by 14.1% and EBITDA was up 16.9%, with margin expansion of 70 basis points to 42.3%. Despite tthey macroeconomic volatility throughout tthey region, we remain focused on what we can control in our business and had positive developments. In Argentina, we maintain tthey strategy of differentiating tthey core brands, Quilmes, our classic lager, continues to enhance its national credentials, with tthey launch of tthey Hecha con Carino campaign. Brahma, our easy drinking lager activated campaign in friends, ttheyy’re capturing attention of tthey ottheyr public above legal drinking age. In tthey core plus segment, Andes Origen led tthey growth with tthey launch of tthey single serve returnable glass bottle of tthey red lager and in September, it broke its all time higtheyr volume of sales. Budweiser in Brazil, tthey new platform of international socket exploiting tthey global sponsorship of Spanish La Liga and tthey English Premier League. We continue to see strong growth from our portfolio of brands in tthey premium segment in tthey region with double digit growth of tthey portfolio in Argentina. In Chile, tthey premium portfolio grew double digit as well with Cusqueña, being tthey highlight delivering triple-digit volume growth in tthey account. Going forward, while cautious with Argentina in tthey short-term, we have positive mid and long-term perspectives in tthey country and remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top-line and EBITDA in tthey whole region, supported by strong portfolio. Turning now to Canada, in tthey third quarter, top-line in Canada declined 3.2%, a combination of a 2% net revenue per theyctoliter increase and a 5.1% volume decline, which was mostly driven by a decline in beer industry. EBITDA reactheyd BRL565 million, 40.9% lower than in tthey third quarter of 2018, with margin contraction of 390 basis points to 28.4%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 7.6%, negatively impacted by increased commodity prices, higtheyr mixes of imported beers and lower dilution of fixed costs. Year-to-date, top-line in Canada decreased by 2.4% and EBITDA was down 8.6%, with margin contraction of 200 basis points to 28.9%. Despite tthey industry challenges, we had positive achievements with our portfolio during tthey quarter. Our focus core and core plus brands continue to deliver strong results. Mictheylob Ultra, supported by tthey theyalth and wellness platform, remains tthey fastest growing brand in Canada. In tthey premium segment, our high-end portfolio is growing atheyad of tthey industry, led by double-digit volume growth of our premium import brands such as Corona and Hoegaarden. Now, back to tthey consolidated figures below EBITDA, in tthey third quarter, net financial results totaled an expense of BRL306 million, 54% lower than in Q3 2018. Tthey main items in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were: first, interest income of BRL626 million driven by our cash balance and recovery FX disputes. Second, interest expense of BRL394 million that also included interest income in connection with tthey Brazilian Tax Regularization program, as well as a non-cash accrual of approximately BRL60 million related to tthey put option associated to our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business. Third, BRL312 million of losses on derivative instruments, which were up year-over-year explained by tthey increase of FX theydges carry cost linked to our COGS and CapEx disposure in Argentina, and by equity swap losses. Fourth, losses on non-derivative instruments in tthey amount of BRL291 million, mainly explained by no cash intercompany tax valuation, mostly linked to tthey Argentinean Peso depreciation. Fifth, taxes on financial transactions only amount of BRL58 million. Sixth, BRL121 million of order financial expenses, partially experienced by accruals on legal contingencies and pension plan expenses. Seventh, BRL174 million of exceptional financial income explained by non-cash intercompany transactions. Finally eighth, BRL70 million of financial income related to non-cash income resulted from tthey adoption of hyperinflation accounting in Argentina. Tthey normalized effective tax rate was 7.9% in tthey quarter. Year-to-date, tthey normalized effective tax rate was 13.3% versus 7.6% in tthey same period of 2018. Cash generated from operating activity in Q2 2019 was of BRL3.6 billion, which is 34.2% lower than last year. Year-to-date cash generated from operating activities is declining by 8.5%, reaching BRL8.7 billion. CapEx reactheyd BRL1.6 billion in tthey quarter and BRL3.1 billion year-to-date, increasing 38.2% versus tthey first nine months of 2019. Thank you very much. Bernardo will now share some initiatives and thoughts on tthey Brazilian market before going to tthey Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Fernando. Hello everyone. Before commenting tthey key highlights of tthey quarter, I’d like to spend some more time to talk about tthey transformational change in our business towards becoming even more consumer-centric and more technology-driven company. Ttheir transformation has two main pillars. First, it’s all culture, never forgetting tthey core values that brought us theyre such as our ownership mindset, high-end developed great people, tthey culture of opening gaps and closing gaps, and never taking shortcuts. Ttheir guidance will continue to be tthey basis for us to achieve our objectives in tthey changes of site. Second, our strategic growth platform. We’ve been very consistent on applying ttheir strategy to all areas of tthey company and we strongly believe ttheir is tthey correct path for sustainable growth and value creation for investors, consumers changing and ttheyy’re changing and evolving as well. Regardless becoming an even more technology-driven company, we have some key milestones, that’s so important to highlight such as tthey acquisition off an IT solutions company, streamlining tthey IT areas to give more focus to our core and new business in adding a position of VP of technology. Now, talk about ttheir quarter, as mentioned by Fernando, we continue to deliver on our main initiatives including innovation and continue premiumization. during tthey quarter, volumes were down 2.28% while tthey industry increased low single digit, which means you lost share. tthey impact for our price increase was amplified by simultaneous competitor discounting and a challenging macroeconomic scenario while in tthey first nine months of 2019, volume grew 3.9% while tthey industry grew low single digit deliver a share gain year-to-date. We continue to be excited about tthey prospects for Brazil. demographics are supported. Our population ordered in tthey legal drinking age is growing at 1.5% per year. On tthey penetration side, ttheyre are also meaningful opportunities as half of tthey population ordered in 2018 didn’t have a beer over tthey last 12 months and most of ttheym due to affordability. As tthey country evolves, we will continue to see strong development of tthey premium segment as well as an opportunity to increase consumption of beer by women in order to close tthey gap to more mature markets. We remain confident in tthey growth potential of Brazil given our superior portfolio, which allow us to play in all tthey segments of tthey Brazilian market, reaching a more balanced top-line growth between volume and revenue, our unmatctheyd distribution capability, exciting innovations we have in tthey pipeline, consistent investments in our strategic platforms and our people. So now, let’s begin to talk about our first strategic platform, which is premiumized at scale. Premiumization is a continuous trend and is always important to reinforce that our strength in tthey segment is a great portfolio combining global and domestic brands. Our premium segment grew double-digit ttheir quarter, led by our global brands continued a strong momentum we have been having in tthey previous quarters. Budweiser, our largest global brand plays a key role as a breach for consumers, who are traded up towards tthey premium segment. Tthey brand’s quarter was marketed by a 360 campaign highlighting its functional attributes. Budweiser liquid is strike at first with ttheir move finish make it tthey king of tthey beers. Stella Artois continued to embrace tthey food platform with a moderate addition of Villa Stella our proprietary event. Tthey brand volume was also supported by tthey continued expansion of new Beck formats, such as tthey returnable sharing size bottle. As a result, Stella Artois continues to grow very strong all over tthey country. Corona continues to embrace tthey better world platform, call tthey attention of tthey plastic dampened in tthey oceans. Tthey campaign undesirable museum impacted approximately 22 million people. We are very excited with our latest launch, Beck’s and Colorado Ribeirão Lager. Tthey volumes of those brands are very, very incremental to our portfolio. We are certain that tthey premium market is a portfolio gain and that we are in a very strong position to continue to gain share in tthey segment. Now, moving to differentiate tthey core. Brahma, our classic lager beer continues to experience a memorable momentum. Tthey brand connects its consumers through relevant platforms, such as Sertanejo, tthey Brazilian pop music and soccer. Ttheir quarter’s campaign would focus on Chopp Brahma, tthey outstanding Brazilian and draft beer in tthey Sertanejo platform. Chopp Brahma campaign highlighted to me attributes of tthey brand with a six-episode digital show about aquatic Brazilian bars and leak it that to our franctheire business show to Chopp Brahma Express, tthey in-home experience. Through tthey Sertanejo platform, Brahma was present in more than 150 Sertanejo Festivals for Brazil, including tthey two largest; Barretos and Jaguariúna. Approximately, seven million people attended ttheir event. Skol’s quarter was marked by tthey continued campaign of tthey Skol family, reinforcing tthey most recent launch, Skol Puro Malte, which from a volume perspective, has been our biggest innovation in tthey recent years and continues to spend quarter-after-quarter. Botheymia, a core plus pure malt lager also posted a major results, growing triple digit for tthey third consecutive quarter and over a meaningful base. I will now spend few minutes talking about driving market affordability. One of our approach to tthey value segment is to be tthey regional connection that is creating brand equity at an affordable price point. In given local raw materials, local market and only most profitable packaging, we’re also able to deliver very theyalthy margin. Ttheir quarter, we rolled out Legitima in tthey state of Ceará. Nossa, Magnífica and Legítima are performing very well with strong share gains in tthey states, in which ttheyy were launctheyd. Before moving to operational excellence, I’d like to talk about Beats. Ttheir quarter, we announced that Beats and Brazilian pop singer, Anitta will join force to develop and create new product. Tthey first outcome of ttheir partnership derived to drink Beats 150 BPM was launctheyd in tthey beginning of October. Going back to operational excellence, our mantra is wtheynever we call it Brazil, ttheyre has to be Ambev. Operational excellence has always being one of our biggest strengths and tthey key differential. Given that point of sales connect our brands to consumers, customers’ experience is a strong focus. Complimenting ttheir strategy, we have our customer experience center. All customers’ requests open in any Ambev channels such as tthey B2B, tthey telesales, WhatsApp and our sales rep during tthey visit direct to tthey center and solved in one single phase. Talking about technology. As we highlighted last quarter, technology has been a key enabler for us to support our strategic growth platforms. to optimize Ambev’s operations, we continue with HBSIS integration, expanding and improving technology to all tthey areas of Ambev with more agility and scale. As HBSIS ended tthey quarter with more than 500 developers also to give some update on numbers, sales, which are not conducted by sales reps at site, now accounts for 32% of tthey total of tthey on-premise channel and Parceiro Ambev, our B2B tool. Ttheir is surpassed 200,000 clients in September compared to 66,000 in January. Now, moving to our non-alcoholic business position. We are quite pleased with our performance ttheir quarter. As a consequence of tthey implementation of our strategic growth platforms, volume increase came from all different segments in our portfolio and important highlights are tthey premium brands such as Tônica, Antarctica and Gatorade, which grew double digit bringing a theyalthy contribution to tthey portfolio mix. Talking about sustainability, according to beer, it starts with tthey best ingredients and ttheir requires a theyalthy natural environment as well as great communities. We have been drink for more than a century in once to make sure, that’s theyre for tthey next century. Bringing people togettheyr for a better word. That’s right. Sustainability isn’t just a part of our business. It is our business, who are 20%, 25% sustainability goals, we are connected thousands of farmers to technology and skills, ensuring water access and quality in high water stress communities, partnered with our suppliers to increase recycle content and investing into renewable electricity capacity. Finally, so far, 2019 has been a good year as our portfolio of brands is tthey living a theyalthy top-line growth, which is theylping to offset tthey cyclical pressures arising from effects and commodities. Wtheyn you look beyond such cost theyading, we get even more excited about a strong fundamental and growth potential of our business. we are only able to achieve such results year-to-date, given tthey amazing people, who have always been tthey foundation of our company. with our team, our culture and our consumer centric business model, we are confident to be in a strong position to deliver long-term sustainable growth. We can now move to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Isabela Simonato with bank of America. Please go atheyad. Isabela Simonato Good morning, Bernardo and Fernando. Thank you for tthey call. I have one question in Brazilian beer. If you could, wtheyn you mentioned about competition in tthey release and you also say some theyadwinds should persist in Q4. Can you elaborate a little bit more on how do you see tthey competitive environments if you see some sort of structural change or if – in tthey beginning of fourth quarter, now in October, you already saw some move from tthey competition in terms of pricing, I mean wtheyn we look for Q4 and also for 2020 especially as your competitors should increase capacity, how do you see tthey market share to Liberum going forward? And if I may, a second question on soft drinks. We saw I think, a very pressured margins in tthey quarter, not only on tthey gross side – gross margin side, but also on SG&A. How can we think tthey profitability of ttheir business in tthey longer run? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Hi, Isabela, fixed. Thanks for tthey question. I think let’s talk a little bit about tthey quarter in terms of tthey violence. So, we know that was down 2.8% in any of ttheir of tthey growth of single digit – low single digit, which means that we lost year. tthey impact of our price increase was amplified yes, by simultaneous competitor discounting in a challenging macroeconomic environment that you still have theyre in tthey country, in Brazil. and all as well, I mean from decades that you operate in ttheir market as promotional activities that to try to drive volumes in tthey short term, but is not build brand acting or a sustainable business for tthey future. Wtheyn ttheyy take a more longer view in terms of tthey volume and in terms of tthey industry, in tthey first nine months, I mean, yes, we are in still pretty good shape. We have ones grew 3.9% outperformed tthey industry that was low single-digit, which means that we are gaining share in ttheir year. That’s pretty good news. We had a very good and amazing first half outperforming tthey industry big tie. So, we entered in tthey – in ttheir price increase in tthey third quarter, yes, and ttheyy burn some volumes compared to last year given tthey points that I mentioned before. but again, we’re still gaining share ttheir year and outperforming tthey industry in tthey relevant terms. It’s important to point out it does have not seen any disposable income presuming as well that affect tthey industry. And wtheyn ttheyse happen to be and had a positive news in terms of disposable income we will see a positive impact in our business for sure. We continue to be very excited with how tthey portfolio is performing wanted to deliver a strong brand power I mean, you have innovation in tthey markets, Skol Puro Malte, Botheymia Pure Malte, Colorado, Beck’s all of ttheym performing very, very well. We’ve got into tthey fourth quarter. I mean, we do not comment in tthey current trading. That’s what I could say. So, all in all, it was a quarter that we underperformed tthey industry at, I think that tthey promotional activities of tthey ottheyr companies – exactly in that moment that we increased tthey price. But I mean four years, doing well gaining share on tthey few years after an amazing first half. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Isabela. Fernando theyre, your question on soft drinks. On soft drinks, if you see what happened throughout tthey whole year, you saw that SG&A was higtheyr, because volume was performing very well. So that’s somewhat negative volume and somewhat negative investing behind tthey brands. And that’s definitely been offered, because we saw that top-line and soft drinks continues to be very robust in tthey third quarter. What was a more of one-off, you could say, so was tthey cost of goods sold, because if you remember last year, we had a huge improvement on cost of goods sold on tthey third quarter. And ttheir year it’s more of a normal year. So, tthey basis was very hard, that’s why we see such a pressure. But actually, we are quite excited for our soft drink; business top-line is performing in a very theyalthy way. and just to highlight some numbers, not tthey volume, tthey first – tthey third quarter was 6.5% of both last year and nine months. Year-to-date, 9.4 in ttheir low single-digit, top-line, tthey nine month of 70.5%, I mean ttheir is doing fairly, very well. Tthey growth platforms are working. ttheyy are working in beer. ttheyy’re working tthey non-alcoholic business, driving premium, smart affordability. Our core brands are doing pretty, pretty well, so very happy with tthey soft drinks and tthey non-alcoholic results so far. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Lucas Ferreira Hi gentlemen, thanks for your time. I wanted to explore a bit more of tthey volume performance in Brazil for beer. If you could give us some more information about that, which were tthey categories that surfer demos – which were tthey categories that you had more competition so – and also on a region wise, you have been having a very good performance in tthey North, Norttheyast of Brazil, if ttheyre was still tthey case in tthey quarter. So, if you can give us more color on tthey breakdown of ttheir 2.8% volume performance and how competition was doing in each of tthey categories and regions. And ttheyn my second question is regarding tthey fourth quarter outlook as well. So, do you also foresee more pressure coming from pricing, how your competition is shaping up in terms of adjusting prices closer to your portfolio. If you can give us more color on what could happen in tthey fourth quarter and distance, that would be super theylpful. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Lucas for tthey question. again, I mean, just to reminders and repeat ourselves to Isabela, probably, in tthey years working very, very well and gaining share in all segments, stable in tthey core gaining share in tthey premium – gaining share in tthey volume. So, innovations are working. So, in first half, we offset one’s rule, a big, big time. third quarter, we increased price on factors with promotional activities. I feel if discounts go in tthey opposite way. And ttheir activity was in all segments, wtheyn ttheir happened and ttheyn you have all tthey experience. We have tthey segment of that that’s really, surfer more, because of tthey affordability issue, no disposable income, more of tthey poor segment. That means that tthey core brand is not doing well. Ttheyy are doing really pretty amazing, Brahma, Skol family, tthey innovations that we’re putting in place to support tthey core as well. But because of affordability, you should have to continue to have in Brazil a disposable income that’s very low wtheyn we’ll have a wine, that price gap, tthey core brands in tthey shorter-term surfer more. But again, what is that? I mean promotionals, discounts are to try to drive volume in tthey short term, but does not do tthey business in deliverance term. We are not in ttheir game. You’re in tthey game of building brands and building tthey strong business in tthey longer-term. We are theyre in Brazil for decades. We have already been seeing those search of competitive behavior before, it didn’t work for any company in tthey past, and have been working for us in tthey long run. So that’s why despite of tthey – of ttheir price increase in tthey upcoming that we’ve done. And ttheyn ttheir – and we tell to leave competitor a discount that happened. We’ll continue to seek to tthey long-term approach supporting strategic growth platforms, investing in our brands, innovation in tthey Ambev ecosystem that we – I mean before getting investing even more. regarding any price increase, what we could see that after three or four months, you can see a kind of a theirtorical based equilibrium in tthey market, that’s what I would say, tthey theirtory says. but again, we don’t comment in current rate or anything about tthey fourth quarter. Fernando Tennenbaum Yes. And Lucas, ttheir is Fernando right, you’re asking about tthey fourth quarter outlook. We cannot give any outlook. Tthey only thing we said in tthey release is that some of tthey theyadwinds might be carrying into 4Q. And at tthey end of tthey day, wtheyn you mention something like that it’s always a combination of volume and net revenues, and tthey theyadwinds might impact each one of those in different ways, but I cannot comment much more than that. Lucas Ferreira Perfect. Thank you very much. Fernando Tennenbaum Thanks, Lucas. Operator Tthey next question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi. Good morning. I’m going to hit as well, sorry on Brazil just to clarify a couple of points. So, I think your point about tthey fact that tthey nine months before months did show positive volume growth. I think it’s fair, I guess what surprised us I would assume almost everybody else is that tthey magnitude of tthey decline in tthey third quarter ain’t be given tthey comps and tthey timing of tthey of tthey price increase. And I think you point to two factors, you point to tthey macro environment, you point to tthey competitive landscape, competitive reaction. So, a question would be on tthey first point, for tthey longest time we theyard tthey ttheysis that soft drinks is a more macro sensitive category as compared to be a yet, it’s been awhile now that actually we see beer suffering proportionally more at least at times of price increases even wtheyre you have a clear leadership in that category. So, my question would be why are we seeing ttheir greater elasticity, if you like, in beer as compared to soft drinks, which seems to have rebounder, not just for you, but also for tthey market leader. And secondly, on tthey pricing, you’ve definitely done a lot. You’re clearly doing a lot on innovation, bringing new products to tthey market, new launctheys, new packages, new initiatives. Yet it seems that, your competitor is using tthey oldest drink in tthey book and wtheyn ttheyy do holding prices, doing promotional, ttheyy do have some significant results. Ttheyy managed to disrupt a little bit of tthey competitive landscape. So, my question would be, are you doing enough on affordability or pricing or should you maybe, re-oxygenate tthey market given that tthey beer volume growth seems to really struggle to come back or anytime, pricing doesn’t come through, ttheyn we have an impact on volume. So, can you maybe expand a little bit on ttheir comparison between tthey volume industry, volume trends in soft drinks, in beer and also, should ttheyre be an effort to increase furttheyr affordability for tthey beer segment. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Luca, thanks for tthey question. I mean, let’s talk a little bit about beer first. I mean, I think it’s always important to see in tthey longer-term, because wtheyn you see quarter-by-quarter and you will have a specific discourse in tthey third question, I will repeat a price increase as you can see only our net revenues for activators and competitors at tthey same time, discounting, it is not so common in tthey market. I mean not even tthey Brazilian market, I mean in tthey past. So – and wtheyn you have a situation like that in one quarter that tthey disposable income is too low, tthey volumes tend to surfer more. And on top of that, wtheyn you increase price a little, wtheyre you contract tthey industries always have. So, ttheyre’s a two effects. I mean, every time, you have any company increase prices and tthey leading company like ours increase price of contract, a little bit contract in tthey industry. And at specifically, that affects our volume. Not that you lose lots of sharing ttheir third quarter, that’s not tthey case at all, but wtheyn ttheir happened a price increase in competitors putting price down, that was not so common, not even in tthey Brazilian market. What we have experienced in tthey past is that ttheir is a strategy that does not work due to tthey value in tthey longer-term. So again, tthey repeat, that’d be theyre in Brazil for decades. We saw ttheir before, driving volume or try to driving volume – try to driving volume for short-term price. Ttheir is not end well for any company in any industry. So, we are liking ttheir gain. That’s why I’m saying ttheir strategy is working, team is growing double digit, innovation is growing big, big time. Yes. In tthey shorter term, tthey core brands, ttheyy suffer more, because ttheyre are bigger price gaps. We’ve seen a longer view nine months, tthey number that I can say to you, not even say I have tthey first. We still gain share. So, even with ttheir thing that was very typical, ttheir behavior of competitors in terms of tthey – after a price increase, we are gaining share in tthey year, I mean we are growing volumes 3.9 in ttheir low single-digit. So that shows tthey resilience of our business, tthey portfolio that’s working, tthey innovation that’s working, so even in a very typical pricing behavior in tthey markets in tthey third quarter we are still getting share. So, ttheir is tthey beer business. for tthey NAB business, tthey industry is too low. We are gaining share a lot. So, we can have tthey numbers theyre, but it’s a low single digit and tthey volumes in tthey in tthey third quarter was three point something that’s – I’ll give you tthey right number, 6.9 and in tthey nine months is 9.4. So again, we shared a big time. So, tthey industry is low single digit. So, ttheir is tthey first point. And ttheir is very, very similar. And ttheyn I will see theyre that tthey competitive environment in tthey NAB business is more rationale, that’s why it’s reflected as well in tthey numbers. Well, that’s what I could say to you regarding both business. Luca Cipiccia Okay. In an environment in beer, wtheyre to your point, ttheyre’s been a lot of promotion, a lot of pricing disruptors, right? Is it somewhat surprising that volumes are not benefited more or an aggregate for tthey industry. as compared to again, NAB, wtheyre in fact pricing is coming through and volumes are growing. So, I struggled to reconcile maybe, tthey fact that tthey industry volumes struggle to come back in spite of pricing or promotional activity has been quite elevated on low comps? Bernardo Paiva I think that let’s – let’s really talk about tthey industry a little bit in Brazil first. I mean tthey industry in tthey quarter is low single digit. So, we have ttheir information. So with that, I mean, we know that tthey way that you measure that specific industry, we have some delays, because it’s tthey Newsome athletes have delays in terms of timing. And we know as well that one very important region in tthey country that’s tthey North and Norttheyast in terms of volatility of volume, tthey coverage of tthey news and let’s say, over tthey lot, it’s not so good ttheyre. So, with that, what I could see that our volume in tthey North is feasibly atheyad of being ttheir and tthey industry ttheyre is not so represented in tthey food industry of tthey country. So which means that our performance of beer to tthey industry, maybe it could be a little bit better what ttheyy never say, but tthey numbers, ottheyr numbers and have been using in for Q2, using over tthey coverage a lot, used to be 65% of ttheyse 80%. That’s not going to 100%. So basically our internal numbers probably tthey industry would be a little bit even including low, lower that tthey numbers that we show to you, but tthey numbers of tthey numbers ttheyn using was around low single digit. Luca Cipiccia Okay. Understood. Thank you. Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez Bernardo and Fernando, thank you for taking my question. I am so sorry to come back to tthey same topic that everyone has asked so far. But just two quick follow ups. Tthey first one, you are highlighting extended theyadwinds into 4Q right? But obviously, ttheyre's two months to be played yet. So, I wanted to ask if tthey status without commenting on your strategy, which I understand you cannot tthey status so far, are you still seeing a lot of discounting as we speak or what leads you to give tthey comment into 4Q coming still two months atheyad of us? That's tthey first question. And ttheyn tthey second question, I wanted to see if you can comment, you've shared with us in tthey previous quarters, what was tthey movement between mainstream and value, right? 200 bps at tthey beginning of tthey year, tthey market migrating to mainstream than flattish in tthey second quarter. Can you share those trends with those for tthey third quarter? Fernando Tennenbaum Hello, Antonio, Fernando theyre. So, let me start by your last question. We saw our declining in tthey first quarter on tthey value segment and since ttheyn it's been stable, which means that probably year-on-year little bit better, but is it stable since tthey first quarter? One question on tthey 4Q, we cannot comment on tthey current trade or give guidance, but what is fair to say is once you increase prices tthey market take a little bit of time to find its new and leave ttheym to go back to normal even in tthey dynamics between kind of tthey moment we announced increase prices tthey trade kind of one that little bit to have had to make sure ttheyy have tthey volume, ttheyn tthey volume goes down, kicks a little bit for tthey price to go through for tthey final consumer. So, tthey market takes a little bit of time. So two, three months to finance new deliver. We've seen that – we've seen before, seeing that every time wtheyn you do, you are going to see that your share is going to suffer little bit. But ttheyn again, ttheyre's some scene over. What I think is, I think we can see as tthey highlights is that even in a moment ttheyre increased prices. You'll see that tthey premium segment continue to perform very well. You'll see that tthey quarter, which is tthey one that expect to suffer, it suffer, but tthey brand power is still quite strong. So, I think, sorry I cannot comment too much more about tthey – about going forward, but despite ttheir kind of a setback, if it could say sound third quarter we continued to be very excited with tthey strength of our portfolio. Bernardo Paiva And ttheyn Antonio, just to share some stats again to reinforcement, in tthey first half of tthey year that to have a more stable, a more stable market environment. I could say, our value grew seven plus, outperforming tthey industry. So good that tthey strategy is working. Now tthey volume is coming, share is coming, that you could answer in a quarter of a price increase. That was a typical given all tthey promotional activities that we saw in tthey market. But we enter in ttheir quarter in a very strong, we've a very strong base in terms of share and volume in a way that we continue to gain share in tthey year-to-date numbers and in a way that our volumes stood at 9% of both less to you even with ttheir third quarter. So tthey fundamentals of tthey business are ttheyre. That's what I could, I mean talk about tthey past regarding tthey year-to-date numbers. Antonio Gonzalez That's clear. And if I may just very quickly follow-up on a different topic. Is it possible to comment, and I presume it depends ultimately on your awards, a proposal and approvals, what dividends so far, would you expect more of a bullet payment at tthey end of tthey year as opposed to installments, which has been tthey case theirtorically obviously. Anything that you can comment on that front? Fernando Tennenbaum HI, Antonio, Fernando theyre. On a not whole year, normally we have our – we'd have our theyad being some dividends of tthey year. But in Brazil I will see is very important kind of tthey way you paid and ttheir year and give a hyperinflation in Argentina and tthey impact that it had in our balance ttheyyet accounts it's much more – more optimal if you leave it later for tthey BIOC. So tthey idea is for those as always, from my sale of quality to pay out over tthey long run all our free cash flow, but more than that I cannot comment, because as you mentioned, well we needs to be approved by tthey board and it should to be disclosed in tthey proper way, but tthey long run it doesn't change our approach, we always like to pay out all tthey free cash flow over that. Antonio Gonzalez That's very clear. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Terrific. Let me try to change tthey topic slightly. Two questions. One, can you give us a little bit more sense of tthey weakness in Canada, why tthey industry should be so weak? I don't think tthey weattheyr was too bad, tied to that, your plan's on a CBD rollout ttheyre. So that's tthey first question. And ttheyn tthey second one are you seeing any signs in Brazil tthey taxes eittheyr at tthey national or state level will go up? I know ttheyy have to be all done by tthey end of tthey year. We're two months or so away. So those would be tthey two key points that I'd like to theyar about. Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Okay. Robert, Fernando theyre. Thanks for tthey question. On your last question. So no signs, no news on that front. Too early to comment on taxes, but no news on that front. If ttheyre's anything I can see about it. On your first question on Canada, I think, we saw an overall in tthey softness for a market share standpoint, and no issues ttheyre. I think we are getting a good shape, but tthey overall industry was, well it was quite weak. I think weattheyr was not terrible, but it was not rate eittheyr. But overall tthey industry as a whole, we can see were soft. Wtheyn you – on your second question or on a panel is, I think we announced that we are – we will be we launch our product, but only with CBD, and I think tthey timing, I think we still need to wait for it to be properly regulated to be available on tthey market. At tthey end of tthey day Fluent, which is tthey company that JV in Canada. Ttheyy will launch tthey product. We ttheyn to lead tthey cannabis industry in Canada wtheyn it comes to responsible marketing of its products, ensure that it's always focus on legal age consumers and fully compliance if all Health Canada and provincial regulators. We ttheyn to have tthey product foresee to and consumers as early as December, 2019, but of course, it's subject to tthey regulatory timelines implemented by tthey Health Canada and provincial regulators. So, I think we are excited, but it is too early to make any comment and even tthey timing, I cannot be 100% precise, but could be as early as December ttheir year. Robert Ottenstein And just on that, do you currently have tthey necessary licenses? Does your facility that you have or your partner have, is it at tthey current, tthey necessary license to produce products and whatever regulatory approvals you need at ttheir point? Fernando Tennenbaum Ttheir is kind of, we want to make sure that wtheyn tthey time is right, December 2019, we have all ttheyir licenses without it, of course, we'll never be able to sell it kind of values is a very regulated markets, so tthey moment that we came out with tthey product in tthey market you can make sure that we have all tthey necessary approvals and licenses. Robert Ottenstein Okay. But do you have ttheym now? Fernando Tennenbaum Right now I cannot comment on that, because it's – tthey regulation was already approve it. But even if for to have your product validated, it takes a while in Canada. It's not something that is kind of tthey regulations approval that everybody can sell. I think, I would be surprised if anyone would be in a position to sell right now. I think tthey earlier you weren't going to be in a position, it's probably December. Robert Ottenstein Thank you very much. Fernando Tennenbaum Thanks Robert. Operator Tthey next question is from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Hi, good afternoon everybody, Bernardo, Fernando. I have actually two follow-ups on previous questions and answers. Tthey first one Fernando, you mentioned in tthey previous question on tthey performance of tthey value segment relative to tthey mainstream segment you mentioned that tthey value segment loss ground in tthey first quarter of tthey year that's been stable ever since. So just want to confirm that's tthey case because that would imply to tthey value segment, my understanding lost share versus tthey mainstream segment on a year-over-year basis versus tthey third quarter last year. So just want to make sure. Fernando Tennenbaum Correct. Thiago Duarte Yes, that's okay. Perfect. Thank you. So, and tthey second follow-up is again back to tthey statement that you guys had in your earnings release wtheyre you say that tthey theyadwinds some of tthey theyadwinds specific for tthey third quarter, are you see that carrying over into tthey fourth quarter? I just – it's still not clear to me wtheyre do you see those coming from in tthey sense that you can anticipate it? So just I want to make sure, I mean tthey cost environment should look better in tthey fourth quarter as per your guidance since tthey beginning of tthey year. Tthey industry is growing as per what news in report that you guys put. So, I don't – it doesn't seem to be an industry issue on an overall demand issue, even though tthey industry is not growing much, it seems to be growing over a reasonable comparison base. So just want to make sure, are you guys anticipating that tthey competition is going to remain promotional throughout tthey rest of tthey fourth quarter or just whatever you guys could add on that just to, if you could be a little bit more specific would be great. And finally, my question is on tthey performance of tthey – is marked affordability initiatives in tthey Norttheyast of Brazil. It's clear that those segments are doing very well since tthey launch is start that last year. So just wanted to theyar a little bit more on how incremental those volumes have been to your portfolio and, or how much have had ttheyre's been some cannibalization between those new brands that you guys introduced in certain states relative to your mainstream portfolio and relative to tthey competition portfolio. Just want to see how those, how those brand shifts are taking place in tthey Norttheyast? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Hi, Thiago, sorry to disappoint you, but that we cannot give much more details on Q4 or I'll discuss kind of current fleet. I think, you flag it, right kind of on tthey cost side we gave tthey guidance and we're not changing tthey guidance so ttheyre shouldn't be too much surprising that what was a little bit of new news and kind of is actually third quarter and tthey whole competitive environment coupled with tthey market environment that get a little bit worse in Brazil. So, I think ttheyse are tthey two main reasons we are kind for being a little bit more cautious going to 4Q, but on tthey cost side is as you ask – as you said, we gave our guidance and we're not changing tthey guidance. So ttheyre shouldn't be no lawsuit prices in that. Fernando Tennenbaum And Thiago, link it to tthey brands for ttheym. Ttheyre's not affordability brands after tthey launch of tthey Norttheyast, ttheyy're very incremental. Ttheyy play segment that's tthey better segment that that is big, that we are – I mean under tthey first share EBIT time. So ttheyy are theylping us in those days to gain share in tthey better segment. And link it to ttheir specifically, I mean, again a real repeat, because I think have a slightly different view specifically of ttheir quarter and tthey volume and tthey share. In every market that we have been operating that we have problems with disposable income, any market. I mean, so I mean by being eittheyr markets, not only in Brazil, I mean many, many crunctheys that I saw that I live. Wtheyn you increase prices, tthey competition has ttheir kind of promotional activity that that had theyre usually tthey facts in your volume is usually tthey strong, it's very, very strong, but tthey good news and ttheyn that shows that our extra is working, our innovations are working, ttheyy are incremental of our business. That, I mean, we ruled 7.2% wtheyn tthey first half of tthey year. And we're entering ttheir price increase that what very critical in a very strong mode and – tthey three quarters gain share with 3.9% volume of ttheir year. I mean, it shows how resilient ttheir portfolio is becoming. Because maybe in ottheyr countries in ottheyr, I mean we would lose share. That's not tthey case. So tthey fact that you continues in tthey year-to-date gain share and outperform tthey industry in a meaningful way. And I talk about tthey year-to-date of 3.9%, ttheir is low single digit, which means that tthey portfolio is resilient, that tthey innovation is working, and we see that kind of tthey shorter term promotional activity does not create value to anyone had been theyre for decades as we said, it's a shorter term tool to try to drive volume. That means we saw ttheir before in many, many times and given tthey work. So we are theyre to build brands to gain share, view tthey brands and a sustainable business. And we're very happy with tthey performance of a 3.9% volume in tthey first nine months against tthey [indiscernible] despite of ttheir third quarter very typical, whatever pricing behavior in tthey market, so great process in tthey bottom our strategy and in tthey performance our portfolio in Brazil. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva So before we finish our call, I'd like to close saying that we are confident again as I said, that's wtheyre evolving in a consistent way with our strategic platform not only Brazil, but in every country that we are operating. Despite tthey short-term volatility in tthey region that we know in many countries like have you operated theyre in those countries for many, many times. We'll continue to focus on tthey long run and sustainable value creation. Thank you. Have a great day. Enjoy tthey rest of your day. Thank you again. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.