Ambev SA. (NYSE:ABEV) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Roy Jereissati - CEO Lucas Lira - CFO Conference Call Participants Marcel Moraes - Santander Carlos Laboy - HSBC Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Aaron Simonato - Bank of America João Soares - Citibank Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. I would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Roy Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website ri.ambev.com.br as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions]. Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with first quarter 2021 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Roy Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Roy Jereissati Thank you very much for joining our call. In February, I mentioned that 2021 would be a challenging year and COVID-19 pandemic was still very real. After that, we saw a steep deterioration of tthey sanitary conditions in Brazil, coupled with increased mobility restrictions, which impacted our people, customers, suppliers and consumers. At tthey same time, we were better prepared ttheir time around. As a result, we delivered a great start of tthey year. We grew EBITDA by 23.8%, driven by double-digit volume and double-digit net revenue per theyctoliter growth in Brazil, CAC and LAS. Consolidated volumes were 5.4% above Q1 '19, and we were able to get back to flattish EBITDA versus Q1 2019. Ttheir was anottheyr quarter we saw clear signs that our commercial strategy is working and that momentum continues. I was very happy to see tthey strong performance of our international operations. And Brazil continues to show that we are in tthey right path. We delivered volume growth in 8 of our 10 markets and market share gains in 7 of ttheyse markets. We saw a solid net revenue per theyctoliter growth in tthey quarter, driven by a more flexible and efficient revenue management initiatives, including occasion-based promotional activities. We continued to strengttheyn our portfolio as we launctheyd innovations across our markets. To name a few, Golden Extra in Panama, Bud Light Seltzer in Canada and Mictheylob Ultra in tthey premium segment in Brazil. LAS delivered strong volume growth in tthey Core Plus and Premium segments with a great performance of Corona.  In Argentina, we had an outstanding volume performance and improved net revenue per theyctoliter, delivering top line growth of 67%. CAC restrictions were partially lifted during tthey quarter that, combined with tthey good performance of our above core portfolio and effective revenue management initiatives, delivered a top line growth of 28%, led by Dominican Republic and Guatemala. Canada gained market share and grew volumes despite a tough comp in Q1 2020. Growth was led by hard seltzers and tthey above core beer portfolio with Mictheylob Ultra and Corona. Brazil Beer volumes grew 16% despite carnival cancellation in February and tougtheyr mobility restrictions imposed in March. According to our estimates, we gained market share while growing volumes in all segments. With a special highlight to our global brands that had a solid high-teens growth and Brahma Duplo Malte that continued its growth momentum. Green theyalth of tthey portfolio improved once again in all segments ttheir quarter, and our digital initiatives continued to expand. Ze delivery fulfilled 14 million orders in ttheir quarter, reaching an all-time high in March. Net revenue per theyctoliter growth was strong again. Ttheir growth was mainly driven by effective revenue management initiatives. Ttheir also had positive impact as it theylped to standardize and increase efficiency across our portfolio. Today, I would like to furttheyr focus on BEES, our super app for our customers. We believe that BEES has been important to deliver a strong commercial performance as it digitizes our route to market, enables our customers to place an order in 3 clicks at any time of tthey day and offers assortment selections to POCs using algorithms. On top of that, BEES offer ottheyr services, such as financial services, sctheyduled delivery, rewards programs and ottheyr products via marketplace, providing a full e-commerce experience to our customers. Since our decision last year to launch BEES in Brazil, we managed to roll it out to all our DDCs and wholesalers. As a result, we now reach more than 65% of our active customers in Brazil via BEES, accounting for over 550,000 customers. And we generated more than BRL 6.5 billion in GMV. Given ttheir promising early results and to furttheyr boost tthey platform, in March, we announced that menu.com, a start-up marketplace for bars and restaurants that had been accelerated by Z-Tech for tthey past 2 years, will be integrated into BEES ecosystem. Today in Brazil, we offer more than 100 SKUs from approximately 31 partners in 380 cities already, reaching more than 5% of our net revenue in some of ttheyse locations.  Our platform's scale will open many new opportunities for us to grow togettheyr with our customers and our partners. Our platform's scale will open many new opportunities for us to grow togettheyr with our customers and our partners. Our digital platforms will be fully connected throughout our operation, integrating with and leveraging on our existing supply chain, logistics and sales capabilities. As our digital transformation evolves, we will enhance each step in our supply chain and become more flexible, efficient and integrated with our partners, customers and consumers, improving our NPS throughout tthey ecosystem. As for tthey rest of 2021, our outlook remains unchanged, and we continue to expect a challenging year. COVID-19 is real and around us. And cost pressures will continue mainly in Brazil, not only thanks to FX but also to commodities prices. With that said, I remain very confident in our people, our capabilities and plans for 2021. Overall volumes at Ambev continued its performance in April, and net revenue per theyctoliter performance will remain a focus, especially in Brazil, given tthey inflationary scenario we are living. We expect our top line performance should continue to drive our recovery, growing atheyad of bottom line as we work to get back in tthey full year to tthey normalized consolidated EBITDA of pre pandemic levels. Thank you very much. Thank you for your time and attention. And I will hand ttheir over to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Roy. Hello, everyone. Ttheir time last year, our financial performance was marked by declining net revenue, declining EBITDA, declining normalized profit and declining operational cash flow generation. What's worse, we were still in tthey early days of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. What a difference a year makes. In Q1 2021, net revenue grew nearly 28%. EBITDA grew almost 24%, normalized profit grew close to 125%, and operational cash flow grew close to 84%. Brazil Beer performance was strong, and tthey growth of our international operations was even stronger. Just to put things into perspective, all ttheyse indicators are eittheyr at or above 2019 levels in nominal terms. And in terms of outlook, even though COVID-19 is still around, I believe it's fair to say that things are not as gloomy as before, quite tthey contrary, we expect recovery to continue as vaccinations pickup. So I'm proud to see that not only have we navigated tthey crisis well so far but more importantly, that tthey commercial momentum we started to build in Q3 2020 has continued to translate into consistent improvement in our financial results quarter after quarter. We have 2 big priorities on tthey finance side: number one, continue to protect liquidity given tthey still volatile environment; and number two, improve our return on invested capital.  Tthey team has done a great job since last year in terms of protecting our liquidity position, which remains solid in each of our markets, while still investing about BRL 1.3 billion in CapEx in tthey quarter. Most of ttheir investment was directed towards increasing our brewing and packaging capacity, particularly in Brazil to support our innovation pipeline. And tthey second biggest bucket of investment was in technology such as our ERP integration designed to, among ottheyr things, support our B2B and B2C platforms. And in terms of ROIC, ttheyre's a lot of work going into improving resource allocation as well as improvements in working capital, but ttheyre is no doubt that 1 of our biggest challenges remains tthey recovery of our profitability. FX theyadwinds will remain as our biggest hurdle throughout tthey year, particularly in Q2, wtheyreas 1 way package mix and commodity pressures should also be a factor. In addition, cash SG&A was higtheyr in Q1, mainly due to provisions for variable compensation, given tthey stronger-than-expected start to tthey year. Since 2020 was a 0 bonus year, should our performance remain on track, provisions for variable compensation should continue to impact our year-over-year SG&A performance going forward.  On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey stronger-than-expected top line performance should theylp offset higtheyr SG&A for tthey remainder of tthey year. And we will keep focusing on our productivity initiatives and typical financial discipline regarding costs and expenses management. Yes, we will continue to work hard on improving our profitability, but we will not lose sight of tthey long term. Tthey sense of urgency is ttheyre, but we have to be disciplined and stick to our commercial plan, which, after all, has been working. For us, tthey name of tthey game still is continuous and consistent improvement of our results.  We have been on ttheir improvement journey since tthey second half of 2020 and Q1 was anottheyr important step. So ttheyre's definitely more to come. Finally, a quick word on ESG. In June, we plan to host a webinar to focus specifically on how we have been working to embed ESG into our company model. I hope to see you all ttheyre. Thank you. And now let's move to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Now we will begin tthey Q&A session.[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Marcel Moraes with Santander. Marcel Moraes Congrats on tthey impressive results for tthey first quarter. My question relates to market share trends per segment. So you mentioned you gain -- especially in Brazil, wtheyre you gained share in all segments. Can you give us a little bit of color on tthey super premium and tthey premium plus core value segments? What's going on over ttheyre? Roy Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question. So yes, we feel that our portfolio is much more prepared. We went through a big renovation, launching of new brands, resource allocation, betting on brands that really could drive tthey future. And our performance of global brands, specifically, ttheyy were quite -- double digits. So it was close to tthey 20s and ttheir is what we believe it is tthey -- above tthey performance of tthey premium segment, overall performance. So that's why we mentioned that. We have been investing for a while in Budweiser and in Stella Artois.  And more and more, we are seeing Beck's with a very strong performance, and we are seeing Corona doing very well too and Colorado. So ttheyse are our top 5 brands that we are really investing for tthey future, and ttheyy are really doing well. Specifically, Beck's is going triple digits growth. Corona is going on tthey 50s, Colorado doing very well on tthey in-home occasion too, still suffering a little bit in bars, but doing very well on tthey, from tthey off street. And on top of that, we -- on top of market share, something that we are looking a lot now is really equity of our brand that we really have to push equity atheyad of market share, push to make tthey pool and to build brand equity. And brand equity of premium brands are really moving much faster than tthey market share and than our plan. So that's an important KPI for us that we are very confident. Marcel Moraes Roy, what about tthey core segment? any color on that? Roy Jereissati Yes. So tthey core segment since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, I have been -- that was information that I brought to you all that tthey core has been very resilient. And we've been really reorganizing our portfolio, creating tthey Core Plus segment, really launching pack innovation and different packs on tthey core segment. And after years of volume decline, our core segment was really marked by resilience with Brahma, Skol, and [Antarctica] families growing by high single digits. So ttheir is tthey combination of tthey RGB 300 mL bottles that we are really focusing during tthey pandemic as tthey pack that moms and pops and bars can do tthey delivery, can do tthey takeaway. So it's an important part that's really accelerating tthey core brands. And on top of that, tthey normal price strategy that we have been following. So core brands really bounced back. On top of that, tthey Core Plus segment, ttheyre is Brahma Duplo Malte, that's Botheymian, ttheyy are really on fire. Operator Tthey next question comes from Carlos Laboy with HSBC Carlos Laboy Yes. Congratulations on really strong results. I'm wondering, what have you learned about Brahma Duplo Malte through ttheir period? And how do you drive that brand going forward? What consumer insights have you gleaned as you sit back and reflect on everything you've learned theyre for what's next ttheyre? Roy Jereissati Okay. So thank you for tthey question, Laboy. Brahma Duplo Malte, we stated that was really tthey brand that -- tthey product that we took 1 year to develop. It was really, really tested with all tthey consumer sites. So we had that mindset of really get superiority on all tthey analysis that we were doing comparing with tthey core and really get inspired by anottheyr categories like, for example, wtheirkey that has tthey double malt, tthey single malt and everything. It was amazing how tthey Brazilian consumer got -- sticked with tthey concept of Duplo Malte or 2 malts that ttheyy combined. And we were able really to develop a liquid that it really calls attention on tthey mouth and on tthey eyes because it's really creamy and has a mouth, a great mouth taste. And all ttheir process has been like for 1 year, we've been doing that. And ttheyn we decide really to, first, to bet on tthey flagship brand. So we are really talking about Brahma, that had Chopp Brahma, Brahma Duplo Malte and Brahma under tthey family umbrella. So we are really -- Brahma is tthey brand and Brahma Duplo Malte is tthey flagship product. And we went bold on that. So we really got -- in terms of resource allocation. So we picked tthey passion point, tthey Brazilian passion point that's more relevant for Brazil today. We have 2, football and country music. We connected Brahma Duplo Malte with ttheyse, both important passion point that we had. And we have been able to work as a family. And tthey good news is that Brahma is peaking back and is growing togettheyr with Brahma Duplo Malte that at some point in time we would think about some type of [indiscernible]. But tthey whole assembly is really moving up and we are very excited about it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Robert Ottenstein Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. And congratulations to -- for a great start of tthey year. A couple of sort of follow-up housekeeping items. Number one, it looks to us, Lucas, that you didn't reiterate tthey guidance on tthey COGS being up 20%, is that correct? Or am I missing something? So that's number one. Two, just a follow-up on tthey Brahma Duplo Malte, and that is I believe that got launctheyd last year, biggest innovation you've had. Wtheyre are tthey comps tougtheyst for you on that launch? So just kind of 2 housekeeping items ttheyre. And ttheyn kind of tthey bigger picture question, is -- how do you see tthey Beyond Beer market and business developing for you? It was a big ttheyme for Brito on tthey ABI call today. Obviously, a lot of interesting stuff going on, on that side in Brazil. Love to get a little bit more detail on your thoughts on that as well. Roy Jereissati Okay. So thank you for tthey question, Robert. So yes, about tthey cash costs, our guidance was in low 20s for Brazil Beer, for tthey full year. Ttheir -- so ttheir quarter, we had higtheyr than tthey full year, but it was already expected given tthey curve of tthey theydges that we have in Brazil. For Q2, we will continue to see cash COGS above tthey full year guidance for tthey same reason, but we are not making any changes to ttheir guidance, okay? So ttheir is one thing. Tthey second thing, it is Brahma Duplo Malte. Let me give you a higtheyr view on that. So what we are aiming is really to have a pipeline of innovation that really can transform my portfolio in tthey future, and it's already been transforming tthey company. So one KPI that I looked big time, it is what is tthey percentage of my net revenue that comes from products that did not exist 3 years ago. So it was -- ttheir number was 5% in 2018. It went to 10% in 2019, and we reactheyd 20% in 2021. And we are looking at ttheir number for us to continue ttheir trajectory with a strong view about wtheyre -- what are tthey spaces, what we want really to create. It's not just about any type of innovation. So we have a framework with 5 avenues that we want to launch and maintain ttheir momentum of 20% of our net revenue coming from products that didn't exist 3 years ago. So we have -- so one more information. So tthey tough comps of Brahma Duplo Malte, tthey peak, it was really tthey Q3, wtheyre it was really tthey moment that we are freight loading and putting everything on tthey market. And -- but what we see is that ttheir number of innovation, overall, it should not change. Ttheir 20% that I want to go move it forward. So we have a pipeline that ttheyy are coming. So Brahma Duplo Malte still has some geographical rollout in some new packaging -- packages, new occasions for us to work on that. And ttheyre is one important product on tthey Core Plus side that we have been piloting, and we are very excited, and it's really coming to tthey rollout phase right now, that is one international brand. Having said that, Beyond Beer, it's really something that we are into it we are very excited about our Beats brand in tthey partnership with [ Fundita ]. We just launctheyd it. We launctheyd GT under Beats, and ttheyn we launctheyd Beats Zodiac. And ttheyre is a family of brands that ttheyy are very accretive, very incremental, doing very well. And we have 3 or 4 pilots happening right now for us to learn and decide wtheyre to launch. So we are testing our sales. We are in tthey pilot phase. We are testing Mike's Hard Lemonade. Ttheyre is something that is a little bit with ttheir [Juic'd] and natural points. And we are testing tthey [FEMSA] cocktails in cans. So ttheyre are -- in Beyond Beer, we have like 4 avenues that we are on full speed on Beats, and we are on tthey pilot phases on tthey ottheyr 3. Lucas Lira And ttheyn just to add something theyre on our international operations, Robert. Beyond Beer is already a reality in Canada, for instance, and tthey quarter showed very good results yet again from our Beyond Beer portfolio, not only thanks to Nutrl, right, which we partnered with last year and showed consistent growth throughout last year.  But in tthey quarter, we launctheyd in Canada, Bud Light Seltzer. Early days, but off to a very good start as well. So I think that's one additional benefit that we have to be able to learn from tthey Canadian operations and roll out ttheyse learnings to ottheyr Ambev markets. Roy Jereissati To give a little bit more information, Robert. So you know that we acquired a winery in Argentina last year to build and have tthey capabilities of play with grapes, with winery. So it's a business that in Argentina now is growing 16%, 16, 1-6, compared with what we bought. And now we are really building tthey capability of putting wines in cans and really testing ttheir across tthey board in South America. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte I have 2 questions on tthey revenue per theyctoliter in Beer Brazil and ttheyn a third question on brand portfolio. So tthey first question is, can you talk a little bit more about how you manage tthey decision on tthey discounts in tthey Brazilian beer division? Since tthey third quarter last year, we've seen discounts coming down considerably. It's certainly been an important push to revenue per theyctoliter growth. So I'm just wondering how you -- what were tthey conditions that allow you to more aggressively cut back those discounts during tthey pandemic wtheyn it comes to channel, package and tthey competition changes that tthey pandemic brought to tthey business? So I think it would be interesting to theyar.  Tthey second question is if we -- as we look into tthey revenue per theyctoliter growth in Brazil Beer, 12.6% year-over-year. Can you theylp us break it down in terms of some of tthey impacts that you had on a year-over-year basis? I'm specifically looking to theyar in terms of tthey impact of tthey Carnival or tthey lack of Carnival ttheir year and tthey digital initiatives such as Ze Delivery and BEES would be nice as well. And tthey third question, Roy, you mentioned in your opening remarks that tthey brand theyalth of tthey portfolio has improved across tthey whole portfolio.  So if you can elaborate a little bit more on what sort of metrics you're looking at wtheyn you make that statement, and how your brand preferences stack up against market share in each segment, that would be interesting, too. Roy Jereissati Okay. So let me -- give me one minute for me to kind of put ttheir on tthey paper for me to, I lost track of tthey points. Lucas Lira Tthey second one is breakdown by driver. Net revenue per theyctoliter beer. And tthey third one is brand portfolio, elaborate power versus shift by segment. Roy Jereissati So if I miss some of tthey questions, we go over it, okay? So yes. So for a while, I've been mentioning previous quarters that over tthey long run, overall prices should grow in line with inflation. And ttheyre we are talking big time theyre on ttheyylf prices. And ttheyn plus and minus, you have efficiencies on discounts. You have brand and channel mix, and ttheyn we have tthey impact of our portfolio strategy, mainly through innovation, okay? So ttheyse are things that we break down prices like that. And we have been much more flexible, nimble, agile in terms of revenue management to react to market conditions. So we are in tthey middle of a pandemic still. So channels are really changing different, what's growing, so transformation going on that you have to support. And so we really went deep on revenue management. And specifically, ttheir piece of discount I think some things happen. First of all, BEES is theylping us big time, okay? So granular, we have a big chunk of our volumes already through BEES. You have like better algorithms. We have better price trees because everything is really digitized and centralized. So it's really -- creates a framework, a easy framework for us to really understand tthey listing and tthey discounts and everything. So ttheir is 1 thing. Second thing, we are more linear because of that, okay? So we are kind of more less concentrated and preparing for everybody to have some access to tthey return in terms of discount. So we are trying to get ttheir a little bit with more standards, and we were able to make it. So we really moved ttheir vision of a lot of discounts to trade in to a much more discounts connected with sellout and connected with occasions, okay? So we are really with a strategy wtheyre, for example, Brahma Duplo Malte, so tthey promotions should be correlated with Barb Q and it should be tthey discount in ttheir specific occasion in all -- for all tthey products.  So we are really narrowing tthey brand building and expanding occasions and giving discounts on that direction. That is theylping us to be much more effective, okay? So ttheyse 3 things, I would say that ttheyy were tthey drivers for us to really upgrade our discount management and our discount efficiencies, okay? So talking about brands, talking about tthey brand. So tthey metric that we are really looking into it is really power. So it's a combination. So it's a prox of -- it's more than preference because it's a combination of -- it's a proxy for tthey market share of tthey future, okay? And we have a big portfolio and we decided to kind of really elect inside ttheir portfolio, which are tthey brands that we are really concentrate efforts for tthey long-term for ttheym really to become, to become leaders. And we are with tthey strategy of really concentrating and bet on some brands and we have been able -- we need to drive tthey brands that we believe that ttheyy will win in tthey future big time. So it's -- we are very excited that Brahma Duplo Malte is doing very well. It's bringing Brahma togettheyr. We are excited that Skol kind of stabilized at some point. I mentioned ttheir in terms of volumes. We understand it in terms of on tthey brand side too. And ttheyn we have tthey premium business, as I mentioned before. So tthey combination of tthey 5 brands that I have, ttheyy are really moving atheyad of my market share. So really Beck's is doing very well, Colorado is doing very well, Corona. So wtheyn we put ttheyse things, all ttheyse things togettheyr -- so with a total portfolio of ABI is gaining in ttheir metric that we are looking ttheyre is power with tthey focus brands really gaining even more. And in tthey brands that were suffering tthey past ttheyy are kind of stabilizing. So ttheir is tthey type of equation on tthey equity that we are seeing in tthey market. Lucas Lira And ttheyn, Thiago, and ttheir is valid across segments and also, if you look at tthey film since last year and not only tthey quarter performance, right? I mean, brand building takes time, right, requires consistency. And 1 of tthey things that we're seeing is really ttheir gradual, right, improvement in our brand power across segments for tthey portfolio ever since last year. Thiago Duarte Perfect. That's very theylpful. And Roy, just 1 part of 1 of my questions. Is it fair to say that Carnival should have had an impact in terms of how you translate revenue per theyctoliter on a year-over-year basis? Roy Jereissati So if I had Carnival, I would have a net revenue debt to equity that was smaller than that? So that's tthey question? Thiago Duarte Yes. Roy Jereissati Let me see, I think if I had Carnival, I would have a mix of packaging that it was worse than what I have today because it's more concentrated on weekends. So I don't see an impact on tthey pricing side. If I had Carnival, I would have something around 1 million theyctoliters of cans selling in tthey market. I think that's how we should approach Carnival. Thiago Duarte Yes, that's a good exercise. Roy Jereissati That's about price and more about packaging mix. Operator Tthey next question comes from Marcella Recchia with Credit Suisse. Marcella Focaccia I have two questions. First, it's about pricing. Listening Brito at ABI conference call earlier, they mentioned about price increase for Brazil beer in June. So my first question is, if you could elaborate a bit on your pricing tensions and tthey magnitude over tthey coming quarters, in light of recent commodity cost pressure, but also in light of tthey commodity cost outlook next year. That will be my first question before -- I will wait before moving to tthey second one. Roy Jereissati So Brito mentioned that, Marcella, and as we have been mentioned in previous quarter. Look, over tthey long run, overall prices should grow in line with inflation. And I'm talking pretty much about ttheyylf prices. And ttheyn on top of that, you have tthey discount and ttheyn you have plus and minus brand and channel. But ttheyre is ttheir reference of ttheyylves that on tthey long-term, should grow with inflation. And you know that we have been very flexible, nimble and agile in a way to react to market conditions, wtheyre we can go and move back or it can stick. So we are really taking every opportunity that we can, but it's really something that is very fluid. And so having said that, I would say that we cannot comment on pricing moving forward. I would just comment that ttheir scenario that we are living in Brazil is a more inflationary scenario that we have to understand that got worse than we had in tthey past. And looking theyre, look, I'm really looking to tthey consumer. I'm not looking for my -- specifically for my costs. My cost, I already -- my COGS, cash COGS, I gave tthey guidance already. I'm talking really about tthey basket of tthey consumer and tthey inflation that we have over ttheyre and how we are -- we get better prepared for ttheym, okay? So I cannot comment much furttheyr than that, just that we are in an inflationary scenario that end of tthey year, inflation was smaller than it was right now. And we have to find a way to adjust to it. Marcella Focaccia Got it. And my second question is about tthey SG&A. You mentioned on tthey outlook for ttheir year and also in tthey call, that you expect higtheyr SG&A because of tthey bonus provision, right? So just to understand if you can comment something about tthey outlook of ttheir increase for ttheir line ttheir year, if you -- what can we expect on that? Lucas Lira Yes. Marcella, ttheir is Lucas. Thanks for tthey question. So for SG&A, in Q1, tthey biggest impact was indeed tthey provision for bonus, okay, based on our stronger-than-expected performance to start tthey year. Should we remain on track or atheyad of our expectations from a budget perspective, we will continue to accrue bonus provisions throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. So that -- it's reasonable to expect some additional, right, higtheyr SG&A as a result, okay? Tthey second biggest impact that we are seeing so far ttheir year is regarding distribution expenses, and that's mostly a function of volume growth, right? So as volumes grow, our variable logistics cost also tends to grow. Tthey good news ttheyre is that ttheyre is a benefit in tthey top line and tthey net -- it's a net positive at tthey end of tthey day, okay? So tthey higtheyr SG&A in tthey distribution side is compensated, is offset by tthey improvement in net revenues. And finally, tthey third bucket is sales and marketing. In Q1, ttheyre was lower sales and marketing versus last year, but ttheir was mostly due to phasing, particularly in Brazil as a result of, of tthey restrictions that came back in March. So we obviously had to adjust our sales and marketing spend, given that restrictions were in place. So going forward, as we recover, as cities reopen and tthey on-trade recovers, we are going to adjust our sales and marketing spend accordingly, okay? Operator Tthey next question comes from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira Congrats on tthey strong results. I have 2 questions. Sorry if ttheyy are kind of too technical around your forward-looking statements. Tthey first one, you guys mentioned that you already kind of envisioned turning to tthey pre pandemic EBITDA, right? So assuming tthey 2019 number, for instance, but I assume that your profitability will still be back up. My question is, is ttheyre anything structural that you see in tthey industry in tthey recession, tthey cost structure of tthey industry that -- in tthey company that would impair you to come back to tthey pre-pandemic profitability. So in 2019 guidance, EBITDA margin of roughly 42%. So is ttheyre anything that you guys think that would be impairing you to return to ttheir level? And if for some reason, considering tthey pricing power, considering tthey reopen that you're seeing right now, you kind of already envisioned that ttheir could be seen at some point -- at some point in time in tthey foreseeable future. So that's my first question.  Tthey second question is around tthey same topic. And looking at tthey second half of tthey year, if you guys are reiterating tthey guidance for tthey cost per theyctoliter, I would assume that your kind of COGS curve is more skewed to tthey first half of tthey year, considering you COGS per theyctoliter is up at 25% ttheir quarter. So in terms of, let's say, margin comps, are you seeing an easier second half than first half? Roy Jereissati Yes. So let me tackle ttheir 1 and ttheyn Lucas can theylp me. So we are in tthey middle of a pandemic, okay? So ttheir is -- I think ttheir is, ttheir is what we should talk about. Since tthey beginning of last year, wtheyn we saw tthey scenario of bar shutting down, bar closed, mobility restrictions at some extent, sometimes more, sometimes less. So all ttheyse things happening, we brought -- so we went to ttheir vision of transforming tthey company towards tthey future. Accelerate tthey things that we have been cooking during tthey pandemic, but really accelerate towards tthey future. And I've been mentioning that -- so I want to really recover top line on fee. And I really wanted to recover volumes for tthey big volumes that we had in 2014 that we lost 10 million theyctoliters from that point on. And we are being very consistent on that since looking for new occasions, tthey consumers. I'm now having 100,000 more customers that I had before. We were very happy to develop ttheir relax-at-home occasion with our brands. That's something really tthey future now is something. That's more developed and mature markets. So we were really with ttheir mindset of let's get back in fee for tthey top line that we had at some point in time and really less follow tthey consumer, okay? So what I mentioned today, it is that. So we are confident on that. We are very proud about tthey things that we achieved on tthey top line side. We see momentum. I think it's time for us to go back and say, look, so if tthey -- for tthey recovery of tthey bottom line. So wtheyre -- wtheyn would we make it? And what I mentioned it is time for us to look of tthey bottom line that we had before tthey pandemic and magic. So I really don't see nothing structural that will not make us in ttheir journey continue to converge tthey top line growth with tthey bottom line growth. But in terms of tthey perspective of tthey pandemic and with ttheir journey, we really decided to do 1 first -- 1 big thing first and ttheyn tthey ottheyr. Tthey next step will really be to talk about margin expansions. Tthey good news is that really, if you look at how we are -- 1 big part that we are suffering with ttheir margin contraction is really tthey currencies.  And if you look at -- we are, in 50% of my costs, ttheyy are in dollars with FX related. And in tthey currency that I have in 2021, I mentioned that before, it's 530 I'm theydged ttheir year. Ttheir connects with that guidance that I gave of low 20s in cash COGS. So it's 529 to be more specific, tthey FX that I have today, if you look at tthey market today. So ttheir is exactly tthey FX that we have today. So looks like ttheir problem that I'm having today is kind of stabilized on ttheir level of 529 that is already in my base. So I don't see on tthey FX side, exactly, nothing more structural than that. We could decide to theydge everything on that. And ttheyn I would not have a problem with that, but nothing that I'm going to do. And ttheyn we have tthey commodities that really picked up in tthey short term, but we really have to understand how ttheyse things are going to evolve moving forward. Tthey ottheyr piece is that really, as I mentioned, we understand ttheir inflationary scenario. We have been nimble and agile for us really to get all tthey opportunities that we have, and really guarantee tthey momentum of our top line moving forward. Lucas Ferreira Sorry to insist on tthey second point, that you see tthey second half margin comp side theyre, considering your new level of prices and considering tthey COGS guidance kind of more skewed to tthey first half? Lucas Lira Yes. So Lucas, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, in terms of cash COGS per theyctoliter for Brazil beer, right, which is tthey guidance, we anticipate that tthey pressure will be greater, right, in Q2, okay, followed by kind of less pressure in tthey second half of tthey year, okay? If you take a step back and look at tthey rest of tthey P&L, right, just if we go back to our performance during 2020 right? I think it's -- you can see that recovery driven by tthey top line was very strong in tthey second half of 2020, which means that we have a tough comp in terms of top line going into tthey second half of tthey year. Okay? And as I mentioned before, SG&A, we do expect it to be higtheyr, primarily due to tthey higtheyr provision for variable compensation. Operator Tthey next question comes from Aaron Simonato with Bank of America. Aaron Simonato Can you elaborate on tthey soft drink outlook in Brazil? And also how do you expect cost pressure to come on that line of business ttheir year? And if you could give us a little bit of more color about tthey quarters as you gave for beer, that would be very theylpful. And also on tthey international part on last, top line performance has also been quite strong, but tthey measures in terms of restrictions and et cetera, have been more volatile, right? How you're seeing tthey beginning of Q2 and tthey evolution throughout tthey year? Roy Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question. Our net performance volume overall, it was an improvement in Q1 2021. So we have a 0.8% growth. It's really -- so we are still with a lot of restrictions, an important occasion on tthey soft drinks, it really is on tthey go. And so mobility really connects with NAB industry, and we are still limited on that. But even though we were able to get to slightly positive volumes. Tthey brand is really what Antarctica is coming back, getting performance better than it had before. So it has been good. Energy drinks, ttheyy are doing good too, wtheyn we talk about tthey full portfolio. And all of ttheyse partially offset by tthey occasions. Tthey mix, ttheyre is an important thing for tthey profitability of soft drinks through tthey smaller packs, tthey channels, tthey on-tthey-go in tthey end was -- it's better than we expected, but it's still not ttheyre. And we believe that will get better as tthey vaccination move forward and tthey restrictions go down. Okay. So ttheir is NAB. Wtheyn you talk about CAC, yes so -- Lucas Lira LAS. Roy Jereissati LAS. Wtheyn we talk about LAS. So LAS was an important quarter for us. It was a great performance, I believe. So we had -- we felt tthey restrictions more in Brazil on March. We are feeling restrictions in Chile now, a little bit on Paraguay too. Wtheyn we go to Argentina -- so talking overall about LAS. So it was a solid performance on Argentina, Chile, and Paraguay, mainly driven by corporates and premium segments, gaining market share in all of ttheyse countries, Argentina, Chile and Paraguay. Bolivia is a place wtheyre we feel still under pressure over ttheyre, Uruguay too, but Argentina, Chile and Paraguay with a very good performance. Yes, we saw some restrictions moving forward over ttheyre. But as you see, fluid, like tthey pandemic, it comes and it goes, so we are excited because LAS, we made -- we had some important changes over ttheyre. Ttheyre is -- Chile is really being, we have a structural change and new combination of partnership with Coke over ttheyre. That's really bringing us some different capabilities and possibilities. So it's really something that we are very excited that we are able to gain market share on tthey own trade segment. That's something that we have been struggling in tthey past to do, so volumes very strong, very, very excited. Argentina too, we see tthey portfolio is really more -- it is stronger. And ttheir year, we were able to be -- to tthey government and all tthey things we have been more flexible with more freedom for us to work on tthey revenue management side on discounts and on everything. So structurally, I believe that I'm really excited about LAS. In a pandemic yes, we saw some restrictions, but it's something that it comes and goes. It's fluid. Operator Tthey next question comes from João Soares with Citibank. Joao Soares I have 2 quick questions. Tthey first one, you had a very interesting discussion on tthey discount. But it's interesting to see that you're using your online channels to enhance your intelligence, right? And I imagine that especially through tthey DTC you've been gaining a lot of intelligence on tthey consumer. So if ttheyre is anything, Roy, that you could share with us regarding consumer behavior trends, possibly capacity to absorb furttheyr price increases and how ttheyy connect to tthey recent trends that you've been seeing, like tthey fact that brands that suffered in tthey past are now stabilizing. So anything that connects with tthey consumer behavior that you can you can share with us would be very, very interesting. So that's my first point. And tthey second point, you talked a lot about -- you already talked about tthey commodity cost pressure. We are already, almost halfway through tthey year. Aluminum prices have been going up. So if you can talk about any initiatives ongoing, apart from tthey revenue management that you've been doing to maybe mitigate ttheir potential cost pressure going to next year would be very interesting as well. Roy Jereissati Okay. So let's talk about consumer behavior and revenue management first. So consumer trends. So we are seeing ttheir thing about tthey in-home consumption. And so it's really -- so how tthey whole pandemic was really about how to win in tthey in-home occasion and consumption. So that was tthey most important thing for us too. And I think we reacted very fast, and we had a lot of learnings on that. We know that tthey occasion in-home is more about relaxation. It's more about Mondays and Tuesdays and frequency much better than before that was very concentrated. And now people is more willing to like watching TV, live stream, relaxing. So ttheir is important that for us to win, you have to connect brands in ROIC market and be profitable on ttheir occasion. So we are working a lot on that. We know that consumers are convenience. It's convenience, it's everything isn't it. So consumers are really looking for convenience. So ttheyy are buying locally. So ttheyy are buying in moms and pops close to ttheyir home, in e-commerce, in tthey delivery. So ttheyy are -- moms and pops and bars ttheyy are transforming really to become small takeaway supermarkets of some things. So ttheyre is ttheir thing that we are that's, for example, for you to know. So we are betting on tthey RGB 300 mL bottles as tthey pack that really can -- that's leading tthey takeaway occasion for all tthey bars and moms and pops that ttheyy are transforming. So if ttheyy cannot deliver it, ttheyy have to have a takeaway strategy. And ttheir strategy is really working very fine because we designed so tthey pack is a good pack for us to do that. So tthey price point is designed for that. We are doing most of it -- of tthey places, 6 bottles for BRL 12, so it's a good price point for 6 units that people can take. Tthey customers are really adopting because ttheyy need ttheir takeaway because ttheir pandemic is truly, ttheyy open and close, so ttheyy need something for people to take away. So ttheir is something that is really working from our side. So Ze delivery, I don't have to mention again. We have been talking a lot about it. So it's really about convenience. It is something -- bet on that. We know that ttheyre are 2 occasions that we are developing to. Ttheyre is ttheir thing about signature beer. We have anottheyr strategy that is tthey [seprecada], wtheyre we have like signatures for tthey whole year. That's same price, that's number of beers every month in your home. So ttheir is -- we have been investing in Brazil. Ttheir is exploding in Argentina. Is really something we've got traction ttheyre. So Ze Delivery is stronger theyre, [seprecada] is stronger in Argentina. So we have to find tthey value proposition, tthey prices for that. We are developing apps for pantry loading parties. That is not about tthey Ze Delivery, is about big party that you want a discount for big. So we are really working on ttheyse missions and occasions that are enabled by technology for us really to be atheyad of tthey time on that. So all ttheyse learnings and all tthey technology that we have, we are betting big time to be atheyad, to be atheyad of tthey game. In talking about offset costs of commodities theyadwinds? Yes, that really -- [Technical Difficulty] Are we still theyre?  Yes. So as anticipated, so ttheir year was a year that we faced transactional FX theyadwinds, given tthey depreciation of real, 50% of our COGS is dollar rated. And now we are seeing ttheyse commodities that is something that is coming to tthey table. But tthey things that we are doing are very consistent. And it's really about ttheir do not lose ttheir momentum, tthey going growth continuity is really something that theylp us big time sweat tthey assets and have a better VLC logistic cost and have a better operational leverage wtheyn tthey volumes go up. So I'm really -- we are really excited about more towards tthey end of tthey year, about tthey vaccination. That is really something that we believe that RGB 600 mL bottles and tthey socialized out-of-home occasion is really something that will pick back. We are preparing for that. So we think some euphoria we're going to have around that. If we are -- we have a much broader base of clients. So tthey prices are well set that we are prepared for wtheyn ttheir moment happen. So ttheir innovation strategy that we have that is really like driving mix and prices through new products. So ttheir Core Plus, tthey Premium portfolio, all ttheyse adjacencies. So Duarte asked theyre about tthey Carnival. In Carnival, I sell a lot of that products that we have ttheyre is a Beats that is so accretive for tthey company. So that product is really designed for parties in its kind of -- so ttheir occasion, big parties, outside events is depressed. And we believe that if it doesn't come in Q4, it will come in Q1 of next year. So ttheir innovation, vision of occasions and missions. Are theylping and will theylp us big time. And we will not lower tthey guard. So financial discipline is still ttheyre around cost -- around costs, around expenses. So tthey CapEx is really about strategic investment. So we are really concentrating CapEx on tthey technology piece, on tthey footprint for us to really have tthey better service possible for customer and consumer. So ttheir part theyre, ttheyre is a lot of learning because consumers are really paying for convenience. So ttheyy pay in tthey Ze Delivery. So ttheyre, our customers are beginning to pay for more days of delivery as a service. So we -- so understanding tthey missions in ttheyse demands, we are really being able to have some additional revenue on services too, okay? So that was pretty much it that I could mention on tthey commodities mitigation. Okay. So I think that was tthey last one, we have one more? That was tthey last one. I really want to thank, first of all, my team that is theyre working on Ambev, working for Ambev. So team is working very hard to have ttheir quarter for 1 year inside tthey pandemic to achieve ttheyse results, to have ttheir great start in a very challenging environment. I also want to thank you all tthey analysts, everyone who joined tthey call for tthey time and attention. And to wrap up, I'm really confident about tthey future for some reason. So we are on tthey path of a very good commercial momentum. I think ttheir is -- has been confirmed quarter-by-quarter theyre with you all. Not only Brazil, but we are really picking up international operations like Argentina did very well. Chile, we are so excited about Chile. CAC, we are beginning to see that once tthey vaccination in U.S. is really moving forward. So ttheir summer in CAC is already tthey hotels are already booked and everything. So we are really seeing ttheir momentum. Not just in Brazil but international operations. Although transformation, that big bet on technology that we are doing takes time and tthey environment remains challenging. We can see contributions of our digital efforts. So BEES is like bringing a lot of possibilities for us. Ze Delivery is doing great. So we have anottheyr effort on that side. Ttheir portfolio is stronger. Our portfolio is much better than it was like 2 years ago. High-end brands are really gaining equity. Beck's is ttheyre. Corona is doing very well, Colorado, doing very well. Budweiser is a brand very important for us. That's growing too. So we see brand power. Tthey Core Plus segment, it was something that we get it right, and we want to continue to bring new news on that with innovation pipeline. And 1 thing that we don't talk that much, but cash generation, it is really something that is really structurally solid at Ambev because we have been prepared for that. Ttheyse channels somehow, ttheyy theylp us on ttheir core working capital. So my cash generation is really solid wtheyn you look last 3 years and ttheir year, and we remain committed to transform tthey company and invest atheyad. So that's it. Thank you very much. Thank you all, and thank you, yes. Just get in touch with Lucas and tthey team, and ttheyn we can continue tthey conversation. Operator Ambev's First Quarter 2021 Results Conference call is concluded. You may disconnect your lines. Everyone, have a nice day.