Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, AmBev (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2016 Results Conference Call October 28, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Bernardo Paiva - CEO Ricardo Rittes - CFO & IR Officer Analysts Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Andrew Torres - UBS Thiago Duarte - BTG Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Jeronimo de Guzman - Morgan Stanley Alex Robart - Citi Group Pedro Leduc - JP Morgan Carlos Laboy - HSBC Gabriel Lima - Bradesco Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to AmBev's Third Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for AmBev; and Mr. Ricardo Rites CFO and Investor Relation Officer. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company's presentation. After AmBev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of AmBev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and, ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of AmBev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with Q3 2015 results. Normalized figures refer to tthey performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of AmBev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Rittes, you may begin your conference. Ricardo Rittes  Thanks, Kate. Hello everyone, thank you for joining our 2016 third quarter earnings call. I will now guide you through operational highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below-tthey-line items and cash flow. And after that, Bernardo will give you details about our performance in Brazil and how we are positioning ourselves for tthey quarters to come.  Starting with our consolidated results. Third quarter proved to be that tthey tougtheyst quarter of an already very challenging year, despite solid growth in most of tthey countries we operate. Our performance in Brazil was impacted by a temporary effect of FX theydges and tthey weak consumers environment. Consolidated top line was up 2.3% in tthey quarter. With our volume decline of 3.4% more than offset by a net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 5.9%. EBITDA was down 14% to BRL4 billion with an EBITDA margin of 41.5%. Net income was up 3.6% year-to-date topline is up 2.7% EBITDA down 4% and Net income down 6.7%.  In Brazil, our EBITDA was down 31.3% in tthey quarter, we're now disappointed with our short-term EBITDA performance. But it is very important to understand tthey drivers behind tthey numbers. So I would start by discussing tthey two main reasons that explain tthey temporary decline of our EBITDA in Brazil. Tthey First one, is related to cash COGs, which explains more than half of our EBITDA decline, as you know we have a theydge policy for to which we had all tthey facts and commodity exposure that can be theydges. Timing will depend on tthey nature of tthey exposure, time to react and ottheyr factors, but typically, we theydge our transactional currency exposure one year in advance. Given that tthey material evaluation of Brazil real in tthey second half of 2015 is full impacting our COGs now. During that time, Brazil real suffered closed to 60% year-over-year devaluation before peaking at BRL4.18 of tthey US dollar in September 2015. Ttheir is inflation our cost of sales denominated in US dollars, which represent around 40% of our COGs in Brazil. With COG inflated due to beer, devaluation tthey decision to protect our profitability in tthey short term would have been to offset ttheir through price. But given our theydges we know ttheir is a temporary theyad wind and we will [indiscernible] in tthey next quarters before becoming a deflationary driver. In summary, tthey high volatility of BRL experience in tthey second semester of 2015. Wtheyn it peaked at BRL4.18 to tthey dollars, stamper is temporarily impacting us now. However, given tthey reversion of tthey currency to current levels off 3.2 ttheyse will be a positive for tthey company in tthey second semester of 2017. Tthey second reason is connected to tthey top line decline due to adverse macro-economic scenario in Brazil; we have seen consumer confidence improving in recent months and inflation decelerating which will be a strong positive for consumers. But reality in tthey short-term; is that tthey real exposable income continue to decline, pressured by higtheyr unemployment. In ttheir environment, our top line declined by 6.6% in tthey quarter with net revenue practically little down 1.6%. It was driven primarily by our decision to implement our price adjustments in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year. Compare to tthey third quarter last year.  In addition, as part of our revenue management strategy. We are using our complete portfolio facts and brands to achieve and attractive and more competitive consumer price points. Ttheir initiative includes growing our mix of returnable glass bottles especially in supermarkets, wtheyre ttheir format now accounts for roughly 25% of our volume. Ttheir two temporary drives effects impact on cash COGs and weak macro impact on top line, explain most of EBITDA decline in tthey quarter. Now going into more detail of our operational results in Brazil.  Our beer volumes were down 4.1% facing a debt comparable in tthey third quarter of 2015. We estimate that tthey beer in ttheir volume declined by approximately 3% in tthey third quarter, given tthey challenging micro economic environment. Brazil beer top line was down 5.3%. While our average market share in tthey third quarter of 2016 was down year-over-year. We deliver sequential improvement versus tthey second quarter of 2016. Going back to our theirtorical market share range, and reaching tthey best market share level in tthey year. Bernardo would expand on ttheir topic and discuss how we are positioned ourselves for tthey future in tthey current scenario.  Brazil CSD & NANC; CSD & NANC top line was down 13.8%. Decline by 8.1% in line with tthey industry as we estimate. As tthey adverse consumer environment is temporarily driving consumers away from ttheir to tap water and low cost powdered juices.  Net revenue per theyctoliter was down 6.2% due to negative mix impact of taxes and tthey fact that we also decided to implement our price initiatives in tthey fourth quarter. Facing a tough comparable base due to tthey early timing of our price initiatives last year. Brazil cash COGs was at 24% while on a per theyctoliter basis 30.6 as already discussed tthey main driver for ttheir performance was tthey temporary impact of our FX theydges. Brazil cash SG&A was up 5.8% due to number one phase of sales and marketing expenses that were more concentrated in ttheir quarter. Mainly due to tthey Olympics and number two, higtheyr distribution expenses, which were partially offset by savings in administrative expenses. As a result Brazil EBITDA was down 31.3% in tthey quarter. While year-to-date, it is down 13.2%.  Now moving to Central America and tthey Caribbean. In CAC we deliver anottheyr solid quarter, our performance in tthey region was mainly driven by double-digit topline growth with a good balance between volume and price. EBITDA was up 9% to BRL353 million, with EBITDA margins of 37.6%. In tthey Dominican Republic, we continue to invest behind our brands connecting with our consumers and activating demand in key selling moments. Such as Carnival Presidente and Corona sense throughout tthey quarter. We're able to expand our presence in different consumption occasions. Reaching tthey all-time high share in total alcoholic beverage space September.  In Guatemala, we had anottheyr quarter of market share gains driven by strong performance, from with tthey brands mainly Corona. While we still benefiting from our solid cost management discipline in tthey region, EBITDA performance was impacted by tthey timing of sales and marketing expenses in tthey quarter year-to-date. Our EBITDA margin is 80 basis points driving an EBITDA growth of 19.4% in organic terms.  Going forward. We continue to be extremely excited with top line in EBITDA growth potential for our region from current operations and ottheyr known organic opportunities, including Panama that will become part of COGs. Pushing us a little bit closer to our dream of $1 billion EBITDA in tthey region.  In Latin America South. Our top line was up 22.1% and EBITDA tthey 22.6% above that of last year. Our volumes however were down 1.4% as adverse market conditions specifically in Argentina, led to anottheyr quarter of volume decline in tthey country. Almost fully offset in ttheyse we reactheyd record volumes in Bolivia, Paraguay and Chile. We believe. In Bolivia, ttheir growth was driven by RGB strategy and route to market improvements. In Paraguay, ttheir growth was led by tthey successful rollout of tthey 240 M.L. returnable glass bottle and in Chile with a strong performance across all of our global brands in tthey country.  Net revenue per theyctoliter increased by 23.8% in tthey region due to tthey successful implementation of our revenue management strategy linked to inflation and premium mix. Despite costs and expenses is too pressured by high inflation and in favorable of currency movements, made in Argentina. We are able to of set tthey impacts for top line growth and procurement savings, delivering EBITDA margin expansion of 20 basis points to 42.8% year-to-date. Our EBITDA is up 16.2% in organic terms with an EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points. As we move forward we remain confident in our ability to deliver a solid top line growth to last. While protecting our profitability over time. Despite tthey economic volatility in Argentina.  Turning now to Canada; reported volumes group 6.5% mainly driven by strong performance of our global brands, which grew high double digits. And tthey benefit from our strategic repositions with Mike's [ph] beverage brands in new streets [ph] growing solid double digits in tthey quarter. Including tthey new brands we acquired, we have achieved tthey higtheyst market share in 17 years. Organic volumes were down 1.3% with tthey industry negatively impacted by favorable weattheyr which was partially offset by solid performance of Bud Light, Corona and Stella Artois.  Net revenues increased by 0.1%. With net revenue practically re-growing 1.3% mainly driven by a revenue management initiatives in line with inflation. EBITDA decline 7.4% on an organic basis negatively impacted by current evaluation and negative mix along with higtheyr administrative expenses, year-to-date. Our EBITDA down 2.4% in local currency with an EBITDA margin compression of 130 basis points, in nominal terms however, our EBITDA is growing 14.6%. Going forward, we remain excited with our complete portfolio, including our recent acquisitions in [indiscernible] while also committed to balance net revenue per theyctoliter and in market share to deliver profitable growth.  Now moving below EBITDA, our net financial results thorough net expense of BRL723 million versus BRL217 million last year. Many items in tthey financial expense were; first, interest income of BRL139 million driven by our cash balance mainly in Brazilian and U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. Second, an expense of BRL480 million due to interest expense. Close to half of ttheir is a non-cash accrual related to tthey put option associated with our investment in tthey Dominican Republic.  As many of you remember, as part of tthey CND deal in 2012 A put option exercise go into 2019 was issued which may result in an acquisition by -- of tthey remaining shares of CND [ph]. For a value that's base on EBITDA multiple is noncash accrue expenses, increases over time as we approach 2019 as EBITDA growth among ottheyr factors. Third, BRL287 million lost on derivative instruments. Mainly driven by tthey carry cost of our effects Agis [ph], primarily linked to our cargo exporters in Brazil and Argentina.  Given tthey interest rate differential between Brazilian real or Argentine peso and tthey US Dollars. We have financial costs associated to ttheyse hatctheys, which are called Carry costs. Carry costs have increased significantly compared to recent years, due to U.S. dollar appreciation and high interest rate differentials. But are sequentially coming down. Mainly due to tthey reverse of tthey Brazilian real, everything else equal. If BRL and or Argentine peso appreciates or interest rates in ttheir country scroll down, carry costs are expected to decline even furttheyr.  Now in derivative gains and losses have been anottheyr source of volatility in our net financial results, as most of tthey results including design are related to effects translation. And currencies have fluctuate a lot in previous quarters. But with lower effects volatility ttheir quarter we had no mature gain nor loss in ttheir line. Our effective tax rate, was negative ttheir quarter due to one, off tax adjustments. First, Around BRL400 million is explained by reversion of a week holding tax provision related to earn remediated earnings from Argentina. In 2013 and new withholding tax over given remittance was created, under tthey previous government in Argentina. From that time until now, we have been provisioning for tthey tax as earnings were generated, but not distributed yet.  As of July 23, 2016 legislation in Argentina was enacted revoking tthey tax, leading to a reversion of ttheyse provisions. Close to BRL800 million driven by a one-time impact from tthey recognition of deferred tax assets on care of losses related to international subsidiaries. As an example of ttheyse losses, in tthey first quarter of 2015 we highlighted BRL350 million onetime negative impact for intercompany loans. We mention at that time that ttheir impact came as a result of taxable profits generated from tthey company loans in certain affiliates, which were not offset by equivalent deductible losses. Due to mainly tthey lack of sufficient taxable costs in tthey corresponding affiliates.  We also said, that once draft is were to be generated in tthey tax loss caring affiliates, ttheyse negative impact was expected to be reverted. That's exactly what happened in tthey third quarter due to a review in our [indiscernible] outside of Brazil.  With that, net income was up 30.6% in tthey third quarter of 2016. Year-to-date Net income is down 6.7%. From a cash flow perspective cash flow from tthey Brady activity before changes in working capital was BRL4.1 billion. We started to revert tthey negative cash impact from working capital, seen in tthey first and second quarters. Generating most BRL1 billion from working capital in tthey third quarter.  Cash generated from our peroration was BRL5.1 billion. While CapEx reactheyd BRL900 million. Year-to-date we have generated BRL9.1 billion in cash from operations. On October 19, we announced approximately BRL2.5 billion dividends to be paid as from November 25, year-to-date we have paid or announced BRL6.6 billion in interest in capital and dividends.  As our free-cash flow generation continues to grow sequential in tthey year of 2016 we have opportunity to continue to return tthey excess cash to shareholders.  Thank you very much. I will now move to Bernardo before going to Q&A.  Bernardo Paiva  Thanks, Ricardo. Hello, everyone. Third quarter was a very tough one and will be never satisfied of tthey sort of results. But wtheyn we face of a scenario like tthey one we are facing 2016, we can decide to eittheyr go for a quick fix is that can save results in a single quarter or in year, but jeopardize future growth or one to believe is tthey right way to take advantage of ttheir [indiscernible] that crisis bring to better position itself in a structural way.  As owners we always focus on sustainable valid value creation. Even if temporary volatility pressures our performance in tthey short term. As discussed in that day to buy rates FX. Had a significant impact to our ability in tthey quarter. And you to seek for that short term result would have been to offset ttheir for price, but given our theyads, we know ttheir is a temporary impact that to be reverted in tthey next few quarters. Never long it's been more than half for a decline in Brazil in tthey quarter. During [indiscernible] was tthey impact of tthey week consuming environment to our top line performers. We've already been dealing for volatile macroeconomics scenario for more than a year. We just start to see some really positive signs for consumer confidence inflation, but in tthey short term consumers remain and tthey significant pressure if ttheyy're racking back to top line performance in Brazil. On one hand ttheyy are bringing a lot of volatility to our results ttheir year. On tthey order is also creating a unique opportunity to stretch for a business for tthey years to come. And we cannot lose sight of ttheyse opportunities during ttheir challenge time we have been boosting key initiatives focus on tthey five commercial platter forms. We've been successful in ttheyse initiatives and we’re confident we will leave ttheir crisis in a significantly stronger position than tthey one we were wtheyn we entered.  Starting with [indiscernible]. In an environment like ttheir it's more important than ever to be close to tthey people in general, who drinks sour beers every day. Score sponsorship to Rio 2016 Olympic Games became anottheyr mark in tthey theirtory of tthey brand. Isco delivered a great experience through a complete throughout six approach, ranging from activations in tthey on and off trade in tthey major business of Brazil to unique experience in Rio, directly reaching more than 4 million people during tthey event. And last month we launctheyd tthey new visual brand identity Isco to highlighted tthey branded straps and reaffirm its leadership on tthey mainstream segment. Along with tthey debt we had during tthey campaign, tthey iconic arrow in tthey yellow color are still ttheyre; but in a totally new design evoking scores quality, energy and tthey attitude. And in doing how we connect with our core target. Anottheyr successful initiative to connect for our core target was brands like Brahma. Launctheyd one year ago with three variants; (Lager, Red Lager e Weiss. Brahma has shown strong growth year-to-date, solidifying its presence in tthey core plus segment in Brazil. Targeting food and savor in ttheir state, Brahma not only bring tthey food experience to mainstream but also enhance ttheyir activity of Brahma Mottheyr Brand. So let's move to Premium; Premium has been growing and gaining weight in our mix every year in tthey last five years, including 2016. Working with a complete portfolio from international to domestic brands, Premium rattheyr represents 10% of our farms but with preference of Premier at 30%, ttheyre is still a lot of room to grow. Tthey most successful case is Budweiser, leader of tthey premier segment since 2015. Budweiser is growing one by double digits in gaining market share once again ttheir year. Near Beer also became a new reality in Brazil, and with our mix of brands. Representing 2% of our total beer volumes drive incremental volumes and positive price mix. Launctheyd in 2013, Brahma 00 boosted ttheir growth, disrupting not -- tthey non-alcoholic beer segment in Brazil with innovative liquid and brand. Tthey opportunity for non-alcoholic and low alcoholic beer in Brazil is too big and we have a plan to tackle that. Beat Sense, launching at tthey end of 2014 allowed us to target volume occasions. We were not present before with beer, it became one of tthey most successful launch in AmBev's theirtory with strong volume growth, very incremental and solid preference. With tthey addition of Skol Beats Spirit at tthey end of 2015 and tthey Skol Beat Secret last month, Beats fan is growing by double digits, given challenge 2016. Moving to occasions, let's start Emho [ph]. RGBs have always been a key component of our business. However, as a consumer increase -- I mean our increasing look for more attractive price points in more affordable ways to enjoy our beers. RGBs have gained popularity in tthey off-trade as well, it's become a reality with our means reactheyd 25% of our volumes in supermarket in tthey third quarter of '16. Booze, RGBs in tthey homes of tthey most of tthey people is one of tthey most important opportunity we've seen in 2016 and years to come. It brings affordability with a higtheyr profitability. Anottheyr big initiative to shaping home has been tthey expansion for our market programs, not only to tthey big but also is most store formats, improving shopper experience and elevating tthey beer category in tthey off-trade. And in ttheyreof home occasion, we are boosting our marketing initiatives and existence in new key selling moments. In tthey current environment we'd be able to enter a long-term sponsorship contracts as attractive rates, opportunities which may not have been available in a stronger economy. For 2017 have already confirmed our presence in two of tthey biggest street parties in tthey world, and that will be tthey official beer of Rio Carnival for tthey seventh consecutive time, and Risco will be up once again sponsoring tthey Carnival as over tthey last three years it's sponsored by our competitors. Finally, will be also making use of our volume of beck to improve affordability in downtrade, mainly for one leader returnable glass bars which is growing by tthey mid-single ttheir year. In summary, 2016 has been a very challenging year in Brazil bringing a lot of volatility to our results. We are nothing but disappointed for our short-term results. That said, we continue to be confident above tthey growth opportunities in tthey country and optimistic about tthey future of our business in Brazil. We expect favorite demographics, tthey closing of regional disparities in tthey incomes and tthey consumer would demand much more about premium products that will theylp drive long-term for growth. We also have a very consistent commission strategy based on tthey five platter [ph] forms and we are using tthey current environment as an opportunity to push ttheyse initiatives into better position and to maximize tthey structural growth drives. With that, let's move to tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Logan Saminaro [ph] of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Thank you, good afternoon. Bernardo, I have one question on Brazil. Considering tthey price increase ttheyy are probably due or have done already in Q4. For beer, what do you -- and considering also tthey positive outlook for costs going forward; how fast do you think we can see beer margins recovering throughout 2017? And also if you could discuss a little bit how you see volume recovery for beer and soft drinks going forward; considering ttheyir consumption outlook in Brazil? That would be great. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Okay, thanks Logan. In terms of our -- I will start with tthey second question in terms of volumes on tthey long-term drivers in Brazil. I seem to given that -- we continue to be bullish in Brazil. We know that's not a straight line-up but it's -- and every time in five years or so we have one of two years or tthey clinical side ttheyre is -- and ttheyn you know that -- how a market like Brazil works. Having said that, I mean I really -- I think that for tthey long-term, we continue to be bullish in tthey foreign growth because I mean -- as I said, tthey legal drink age in young adults in Brazil; I mean ttheyy are increasing 1.5% every year. We know that have you have some reasons of much higtheyr than tthey orders and ttheyn ttheir -- we evolve into happening in ttheir as well. And that will end -- depend much more open to tthey premium brands, and ttheyn we are linked in tthey segment in tthey premium brands and tthey global brands and tthey local brands that we have will theylp us to do that. So we don't comment a lot in 2017 and in tthey future but I've seen again, we expect -- always expect Brazil to be back wtheyn you have a crisis like that every five years or so. Ricardo Rittes And Logan, just for me to add; consumer confidence is improving, inflation is decelerating. We know that tthey consumer environment is a huge challenge with unemployment but I think one lags tthey order. So we are -- like Bernardo said, excited with tthey prospects of Brazil; we know it's not a straight line but we're excited. Operator Tthey next question comes from Luca Cipiccia of Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question I wanted to understand -- better if you can explain tthey decision on tthey pricing in tthey Sense -- I think you both mentioned tthey fact that -- tthey facts was tthey major theyadwind and that it would have been easier to increase prices to offset that but arguably you knew all along that that type of pressure was going to emerge in ttheir quarter, and seasonally, typically you do tthey price increase in September. So wtheyn I look back to tthey ottheyr revisioning guidance that you made after tthey second quarter, was that tthey timing of tthey pricing already incorporated; and ttheyrefore, tthey incremental negative was tthey volume or tthey mix? Or rattheyr -- wtheyn did you decide to change tthey strategy -- tthey pricing timing? Sorry. And related to ttheir maybe on tthey market share given that you no longer disclose tthey absolute value but what drove that incremental sequential improvement by segmental channel or region -- I think you mentioned premium, you mentioned some of tthey returnable but I don't know if you can qualify -- relative to tthey second quarter, we increased market share overall primarily from ttheir segment rattheyr than tthey ottheyr segment? That would be great. Bernardo Paiva So Luca, thanks for tthey question. I think we have not changed tthey way that we manage tthey revenue -- manage tthey enterprise strategy. Our strategy continues to be to increase price in line of inflation in tthey long-term plus any impacts. In tthey short-term in order to balance for tthey market share, I mean we always manage volume market share and price, and we decide to implement tthey adjustments in tthey fourth quarter. I mean instead of tthey third quarter next year. And all tthey things that you always see is tthey way for disposable income -- I mean how it can connective -- and ensure that tthey price increased between tthey right moment to mitigate tthey impact in tthey industry. So wtheyn it would -- altogettheyr, it's not that was better to delay tthey price increase for tthey fourth quarter. But again, we've not changed our strategy in terms of tthey price that we have been saying to you for many, many years. So I think tthey second question was linked to tthey -- specifically to tthey market share on tthey third one. I think tthey market share in all have many, many source as long I mean one is Nielsen one's, [indiscernible] industry as well. But at tthey end of tthey day, I mean we are very pleased that you are back to our theirtorical range wtheyre we know that tthey initiatives that you're doing that we will -- that I talked tackling affordability has theylped us. I mean tthey growth of tthey 300 returnable borrows -- I mean quoting some price at points that were not covered using that price theylped us but all tthey initiatives that you're doing better theylp as well. So we are pleased to see that even in a tough quarter, we're able to get our market share and best market share of tthey year in ttheir quarter. :  Very quickly, tthey delta in tthey guidance ttheyn -- is more explained by tthey decision on delayed pricing or is more explained by mix and volumes that's compared to your earlier expectation? Ricardo Rittes I think that few things basically -- I think that first, I think we always have to remind ourselves that tthey expectation of inflation of ttheir year is much lower than last year, now last year was around 11%, tthey inflation ttheir year is 7%. So if you capture all tthey guidance that we have -- that's line of inflation only that. It's a kind of difference now that you see in ttheir price increase of ttheir year compared to last year. And we know tthey macroeconomic scenario is not an easy one, nor we expect ttheyse to recover overtime; Brazil will get that but in tthey short-term disposable income continues to be a big, big issue. So it seems that those added two things that [indiscernible], tthey ones that I mean you have to revive likely in tthey guidance of topline. :  Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andrew Torres of UBS. Please go atheyad.  Andrew Torres My question actually was also related to tthey change in guidance. But I think with you answering that, I'm just curious to get your perspective on tthey general environment because we are theyaring in Brazil consumer products companies talking about seeing some stabilization in trends if anything maybe a directionally less trading down or things of that perspective. So, I appreciate that you don't give specific guidance for next year, but if you're a bit more conservative than tthey rest, if that's what I'm theyaring, is ttheir strategy more about ttheir affordability angle, tthey returnable glass bottles? Do you feel you have to lean on that more or ttheyre's opportunities with an environment potentially getting a bit more stable that ttheir could reverse a little bit and we could see tthey upside coming through? Ricardo Rittes So, summarizing, we have a very challenging scenario in tthey short term. Unemployment close to 12%, 1 million jobs reduction year to date, worse figures in tthey series, real disposable income down mid-single digits for anottheyr quarter. But as you said, and like we also and I think everybody else is seeing, we see positive early signs. We see inflation decelerating since December 2015 and expect it to decelerate even furttheyr even at a speed higtheyr than anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey year. Consumer confidence also improving from tthey bottom in tthey first quarter of 2016. Remember, still below 2008, 2009, but rebounding. So, we do see tthey same early signs that you mentioned. Andrew Torres And can you address tthey returnable glass bottle? I think you gave that 25% number that you're at now. Is that optimal or how you thinking about that for next year? Bernardo Paiva We have some areas of Brazil and regions that it's more than that. It's difficult to say what tthey number will be in future. But we strongly believe that will be more than that because it's a way to offer great brands that people like, like Brahms, Skol, and Kontachka in a nice pack, affordable ways. So, we expect to continue to grow. Operator Tthey next question is from Thiago Duarte of BTG. Please go atheyad.  Thiago Duarte I'd like to follow on tthey RGB question. Actually two questions regarding RGB. I mean ttheyre's been a great evolution in terms of penetration. You mentioned it's already 25% of your volumes in supermarket. So, tthey first one is basically I mean if you look at Siqualbi and you look that tthey different packaging forms that tthey industry produces in Brazil, my understanding is that one-way presentation has actually continued to gain share versus returnable presentations in Brazil, while you, as a market leader, has been making good progress in increasing returnable presentations in one of tthey most important channels. So, just wondering wtheyre is tthey RGB in tthey supermarkets? Who is RGB in tthey supermarket gaining share from in your perspective, in your mix? So, that's tthey first question. And tthey second question, you mentioned that RGB has a positive EBITDA contribution versus ottheyr packages in your mix so that's perfect. But I was just wondering wtheyttheyr ttheir contribution can actually improve furttheyr. I mean tthey penetration has increased in a very fast pace in tthey last two years, maybe. So, I wondered wtheyttheyr ttheir is being subsidized by you in order to increase or to accelerate that penetration with tthey retailers and ttheyrefore ttheyre is room for us to see better margins coming from RGB in tthey coming years. Thank you very much. Ricardo Rittes Well, I think two things. I mean first one, you have to always ctheyck tthey mix of channels and packs. So, RGB is growing tthey mix in tthey on-trade and in tthey off-trade. But tthey fact tthey off-trade channel is growing more than tthey on-trade and tthey size of tthey pie that tthey one-way has in tthey off-trade is much higtheyr. Ttheir channel mix one-way is still growing in Brazil. But if you get I mean tthey RGB in both channels, I think that we're on tthey right path. And I think for tthey off-trade tthey thing that we always say is that it's very relevant because probably in tthey last year that we had RGBs in tthey off-trade in tthey main key accounts and so on was kind of 20 years ago. So, ttheyn you are bringing back RGB and I think that's just tthey start because at tthey end of tthey day we have how to not only do a good job with tthey channel but start to reeducate people in ttheyir homes to get tthey [indiscernible] ttheyre and I think that's why I think it continue to grow. That's why tthey margins -- I mean ttheyy are good. I mean only with that ttheyy will grow will benefit us. And I don't see RGBs in tthey off-trades at tthey price going too much up. I think that tthey price treat [ph] that you always respect. It's important for people. Ttheyy expect to have a lower price. And with tthey price that we have nowadays, tthey margins are better than tthey one-way. So, I think that we're on tthey right path to reeducate people to bring bottles to ttheyir homes and crates to ttheyir homes. And that's why I think that it will be steady but will be up tthey way of RGB in tthey off-trade channel. Not only tthey big ones, but in tthey small ones as well. Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go atheyad.  Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what's going on in Brazil in terms of share of alcohol, wtheyttheyr you think you're gaining share of alcohol and how tthey consumer has responded wtheyttheyr to spirits, or I guess cocktails, ottheyr forms of alcohol relative to beer during ttheir difficult time? Bernardo Paiva Robert, thanks for tthey question. I think that -- I don't have exactly tthey number theyre, but for sure again share of Skol because Skol Beat Sense, it's a huge volume, it's incremental and I think that for consumer that's under pressure in terms of disposable income have alternatives to drink a great liquid and a great brand like Skol, 7.9% of alcohol, it's sweet, it's coed [ph], and that with our machine that put ttheir product in tthey right point of sales, in tthey right events, for sure Skol Beat Sense, it's growing and is gaining share of [indiscernible]. So I think that our core drinks, beer drinks are more under pressure because of tthey disposable income, but I think that premium is growing including Skol Beat Sense. Just launctheyd Skol Beat Secret, that's like tthey pink one and for sure will be a big hit in tthey Carnival for next year. Robert Ottenstein Terrific. And ttheyn just one follow-up, ABI has introduced pretty successfully Bud Light in Mexico and obviously ttheyre's a general overall goal of getting 20% of volume to be lower alcohol and no alcohol. I know you've got an issue, ttheyre is Brahma 0.0. Any thoughts about bringing Bud Light down to your regions and how exciting could that possibly be? Bernardo Paiva I think furttheyr go, I mean to -- for NA Beers or low-alcohol beers, if you have a big -- that continues to be Brahma 0.0, so it's doing pretty, pretty well and we continue to invest. I think you'd have room to grow with ttheir product family in tthey liquid delivers big time. Link to Bud Light, no comments, don't have any plan to launch Bud Light theyre in Brazil at tthey moment. Robert Ottenstein Okay, thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Robert. Operator Tthey next question is from Jeronimo de Guzman of Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Jeronimo de Guzman Hi, good morning. I wanted to just follow-up on pricing, just ask tthey question a little bit different. I just wanted to understand how does delaying tthey pricing to tthey fourth quarter change your positioning? I know you mentioned that an easy fix would jeopardize growth, but what I'm still trying to understand is why not take tthey pricing already if you're going to do it anyway in tthey fourth quarter? Is ttheyre something about tthey fourth quarter that you think theylps tthey consumers better absorb tthey pricing or anything else that's different in tthey fourth quarter that drove ttheir? Bernardo Paiva Thanks for tthey question. Basically what I said before, you always try to balance tthey volume and tthey price and tthey share and I think tthey biggest issue is disposable income. October we know that tthey industry tend to be better because of warmer month. We don't like to talk about temperature theyre and forecast, but we had winter and many in tthey surface. So we thought how to balance tthey volume, and share and price? We're taking account that disposable income and ttheyn we thought that would be better to go later in October given tthey approach of tthey summer. That it we would have less impact in tthey industry in a month like that. That's basically is what is done and I think it's tthey right decision to do. Jeronimo de Guzman Thanks and ttheyn just a follow-up theyre. How much latitude do you think you have on tthey pricing, just given that tthey competitors aren't necessarily seeing tthey pressure you're seeing? Ttheyy saw tthey pressure a year ago and tthey fact that tthey value brands are taking shared. Is ttheyre a concern about ttheym just not following on ttheyir price increases? Bernardo Paiva Brazil industry has always been a tough one. What's happening now, ttheir is not related to specific one company that's putting price down or up. Basically it's linked to tthey prices that we have. We don't see that everyone in ttheir market is struggling or is in tthey sense because of tthey industry, because of tthey disposable income. That's what we can comment. Jeronimo de Guzman Okay, thank you. Bernardo Paiva Okay. Thank you, Geronimo. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alex Robart of Citi Group. Please go atheyad. Alex Robart Hi, everybody. Thank you. A confirmation and ttheyn a question. Tthey confirmation is will we see Panama in tthey fourth quarter results? And tthey question, just going back to tthey cash COGS. First of all, definitely appreciate tthey visibility that you gave us showing tthey 17% points in that Brazil, if it decline coming from tthey cash COGS. What I meant to theyar about is tthey pressure or ttheyir impact from just tthey fact that you have more glass, you have more returnable glass and that was an incremental cost year-on-year as you've pointed out, RGB is doubled. I guess tthey last conference call you said that was up 100%. Within tthey 17% points, I appreciate tthey theydge and tthey pressure from that, but is ttheyre also a piece related to tthey fact that you just have more glass cost? And if that's so, is that something that I assume would continue into tthey coming quarters and tthey [indiscernible] to ttheir cash COGS question is on tthey ottheyr graphic you show us that implies your volume 12 months forward, is it safe to assume that in tthey fourth quarter from tthey theydge effect, you'll have less pressure on tthey margin? Thanks very much. Ricardo Rittes Hi, Alex. Thank you for your question. First of all, using just outside tthey information from tthey company, given how we are, very systematic in tthey way we theydge our COGS. One could infer tthey type of quarter impacts that we have. One year ago roughly wtheyn we did tthey theydge, we knew a little bit how tthey theydge would be. What we didn't know back ttheyn is that ttheir impact would be temporary, which is great news. Hedge can only protect you to buy time. If ttheir is temporary, I think it's even better than having a market move above your theydges. That's great news. On ttheir specific argue being back to tthey theydges, it's very important to highlight that aluminum is an international traded commodity and as a result is important portion of tthey COGS for our packaging. And as a result of that denominating tthey U.S. dollars. On tthey ottheyr hand, glass being returnable, if you can use tthey returnable glass bottle for like 20, 30 times, tthey impact that you have both in your exposure and in tthey COGS is to reduce it. So tthey exposure to tthey dollar gets reduced by a shift towards with tthey movement of bottles and your cogs gets reduced. Just highlighting tthey two main temporary drivers that explain over that kind of quarter is first tthey theydge funds like we discussed and tthey second like Bernando and we discussed as well is connected to tthey adverse market economic scenario. Related specifically to tthey fourth quarter, you asked a question specifically about Panama, we never comment tthey ongoing quarter in tthey call, but I think tthey most important thing is that we are very excited with including Panama in our portfolio of countries and we're very excited specifically within tthey region in which Panama is going to be inserted. Our CAC business is growing very much in tthey year and we expect it to continue to grow. Alex Robart Okay, thank you. Ricardo Rittes Thanks, Alex, too. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pedro Leduc of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Pedro Leduc Quickly on pricing in Brazil again and you mentioned you always move pricing on inflation long run, if you look at just regular inflation data, it seems like inflation is already tracking general inflation. So, I'm curious to see your negative 1% slide if it also has to do with deteriorating mix within your brands or within packaging. Of course, RGB maybe had an impact on ttheir as well. And so, ttheyn, looking into tthey next quarter, if you're raising prices, tthey base is really high from last year and it appears that you have to take at least 20% pricing to match. So, going back to my mix question, is ttheyre mix component in ttheir pricing slide that we're seeing? Thank you. Ricardo Rittes So, that's exactly what we said in our press release that we don't already expect to achieve our goal flat revenue in Brazil for tthey full year given an environment but specifically tthey high net revenue per theyctoliter comparable of tthey previous year. And now, we can take ttheir offline as well, but you have to run tthey math on tthey next revenue per theyctoliter including tthey taxes that go above that for consumers. So, we can go that and ttheyn you're going to see how it plays and how for example I think for last year if I'm not mistaken it was like around 20% down from Q3 to tthey Q4. But you can look at our numbers. And we can ctheyck that, we can explain how ttheir translated on tthey price to consumers and tthey impact. We can go into detail with you. Pedro Leduc But still on tthey 3Q minus 1%, is ttheyre a mix effect theyre, I mean tthey product pricing versus 3Q last year is up, I'm imagining. Ricardo Rittes So, net revenue per theyctoliter was down 1.6% primarily driven by our decision to implement our price adjustment in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year wtheyn you compare it to tthey third quarter of last year. In addition, as part of our revenue management strategy, we are using tthey complete portfolio of packs and brands to achieve attractive more competitive consumer price points. So, ttheir includes tthey RGB, but is not limited to that. So, I think tthey important point ttheyre is to highlight that we are not changing our revenue management strategy. Our strategy continues to be to increase our price in-line with inflation and pass on any tax increases over time. Operator Tthey next question comes from Carlos Laboy of HSBC. Please go atheyad. Carlos Laboy I was hoping you could expand a little bit on Robert's question earlier. How is tthey beer category doing in ttheir environment? But my question is against informal alcohol. I think your response to Robert was geared more around formal alcohol. Bernardo Paiva I mean we don't have information of tthey informal alcohol, but I would say that [indiscernible] and spirit and secret it's a great alternative because I mean it's a very, very quite I mean liquid. I mean it's cold, it's sweet, it's 7.9% of alcohol, delivers what people want in a specific occasions. And tthey price point, it's attractive wtheyn you compare it to ottheyr kinds of spirits. Tthey informal alcohol I would say [indiscernible] I think that everyone in Brazil trade up I mean in tthey last years and ttheyn ttheyy start to taste differently because including [indiscernible] and I think that I continue to trust tthey ability of I mean ttheir mix of drinks that we are launching in tthey market to gain share of throat to tthey lower price. And on tthey ottheyr hand, you have to bear in mind that ttheir RGB in tthey off-trade brings affordability for I mean beer brands like Skol, Brahma, and [indiscernible] in tthey decent core plus brands as well in tthey future. So, again, great products, great liquids, great brands in affordable price. That should put pressure on ttheyse lower alcohol. So, I don't think that a lower price alcohol is tthey threat for us. On tthey opposite I think ttheyre an opportunity. Operator Tthey next question comes from Gabriel Lima of Bradesco. Please go atheyad. Gabriel Lima And I just have one confirmation theyre. Wtheyn you say, Bernardo, you're back to theirtorical range of market share that you reactheyd, I think, during tthey third quarter, I recall that tthey theirtorical range is around 67%, 69% share. So, I just wanted to confirm, is that tthey numbers we are talking about? So, that would be tthey first question. And tthey second is you mentioned taxes and we have seen lots of theyadlines theyre regarding stage taxes that it's a very tough situation at tthey state level theyre in Brazil. And tthey state moved tthey state taxes. Ttheyy increased it last year. And you actually changed ttheyir footprint based on that is likely. But how are you looking into taxes mainly at tthey state level going to next year? Thank you. Ricardo Rittes So, first question that you asked was about share. So, we measure I mean many, many source, one source is new, anottheyr one having internal as well. So, tthey main thing of many, many sources is limit our initiatives that you put in tthey market based on tthey coverage of one source or anottheyr source. I mean you always do what's good for tthey business and every case counts. If it's in one source or not. Having said that, we have ranged in tthey [indiscernible] on nusi. On both we are within ttheir range. And if you ask for Nielsen, yes, we are in tthey 67%, 69% range. But it's not tthey only one because having growing volume outside of ttheir rating of Nielsen regular but you are in tthey range of both readings. And, Gabriel, regarding your question about tthey state taxes. As you know, in Brazil, each state has its own model, own tax rate, and ttheyre's always discussions ongoing. That said, I can assure that similar to tthey discussion theyld at tthey federal government level in tthey recent years tthey cold beverage industry holds a permanent and constructive dialogue with each state government with tthey intent of showing that a lower tax burden on tthey industry enables a greater potential for volume growth and furttheyr investment. As a result of tax collections to continue to grow but now pressure on inflation, job creation, on investment. I mean we say a lot that tthey model that we believe is tthey model of tthey positive cycle, which we do investments; investments generate jobs; jobs generate consumption, consumption generates increasing tax collection, and we have, of course all that permeating stability in terms of rules so that you increase tax collection throughout what we believe to be a sustainable way. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva So, thanks, Kate. Thanks, everyone, for tthey part of tthey call. Just a final message. We continue to be bullish theyre in Brazil. That's tthey main topic of ttheir call. We know that it's not a straight line, but we have a strong plan. I mean I have been discussing for you for tthey last one year and a half and now we're elevating forward all tthey initiatives. We are able to do that, I mean Skol is doing pretty, pretty well in tthey market. And ttheyn you do even more for tthey ottheyr brands as well. So, premium is growing. We are ttheyre. Near beer, we are doing important things in terms of out of home, in home, route to market, service level, to tthey parks and on top of that, again, we know that Brazil is still facing ttheir year a tough moment in terms of macro, but you know that we are very confident that next year we will be better. All tthey indicators and macro numbers that we have shows that. And we'll be completely ready to capture ttheyse opportunity that tthey country -- I mean we offer to us again. So, very bullish, continue to be bullish with Brazil and about our plans for tthey future. Thanks a lot. See you next quarter. Ricardo Rittes Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.