Ambev SA (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Fernando Tennenbaum - Chief Financial & IR Officer Bernardo Paiva - CEO & Member of Executive Board of Officers Analysts Antonio Anaya - Crédit Suisse Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Thiago Duarte - BTG Rafael Shin - Morgan Stanley Antonio Barreto - Itaú BBA Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Third Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. After Ambev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions]. Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev, and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with tthey third quarter of 2017 results. Normalized figures refer to tthey performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Tennenbaum, you may begin your conference. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you. Hello, everyone, thank you for joining our 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'll guide you through our financial highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below-tthey-line items and cash flow. After that, Bernardo will give more details about our in operations Brazil. Beginning with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. Tthey third quarter was market by different challenges across all regions, though we saw success for many of our initiatives, including innovation and continued premiumization. On a consolidated basis, top line was up 5.8%, as tthey volume drop of 2.4% was more than offset by tthey growth in net revenue per theyctoliter of 8.3%. EBITDA continued to accelerate and grew organically by 9%, reaching BRL4.5 billion with an EBITDA margin expansion of 120 basis points to 40.2%. Normalized net profit was BRL2.9 billion, 10.2% lower than in Q3 2017 as EBIT organic growth was impacted by tthey effects of Hyperinflation Accounting in Argentina. Following tthey categorization of Argentina as a country for 3-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100%, tthey country is considered highly inflationary in accordance with IFRS. As a consequence, starting ttheir quarter, we are reporting tthey results of our operation in Argentina applying Hyperinflation Accounting. What led to tthey following main impacts: one, non-monetary assets and liabilities had to be restated using an inflation index, translating to higtheyr cost of goods sold, and depreciation of values that; and second, tthey P&L accounts, which used to be converted to Brazil reals at tthey average exchange rate of dealers, had to be adjusted for tthey cumulative inflation from January 1, 2018 on, and ttheyn converted using tthey end of tthey period exchange rate, which is tthey closing rate of September 30. With that, we reported Hyperinflation Accounting negative impact of BRL1.3 billion on net revenues, and of BRL574 million to normalize EBITDA, which contributed to an adverse effect on tthey normalized profit attributed to direct to holders of BRL275 million. Having said that, I will now move to our division of results and start with Brazil. Brazil EBITDA was up 11.1%, reaching BRL2.6 billion, with margin expansion of 350 basis points to 42.9%. In Beer Brazil, top line was up 1.3%, so quarter by net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 4.6%, which was favorably impacted by tthey price adjustment implemented during tthey quarter. Volume declined by 3.1%, is slightly underperforming tthey beer industry, which fell by approximately 2.5% according to our estimates, as tthey consumer environment in country remained volatile. Bernardo will give you furttheyr comments on ttheir matter. EBITDA for Beer Brazil was slightly up, with margin contraction of 50 basis points to 41.7%. Regarding costs and expenses. Cash cost per theyctoliter grew by 5%, as favorable FX was offset by inflation, and higtheyr aluminum prices. Cash SG&A was down 1%, mostly driven by lower sales and marketing expenses, which had a higtheyr concentration in Q2, due to tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup. Year-to-date, top line in Beer Brazil increased by 2.9%, and EBITDA was up 5.2%, with margin expansion of 100 basis points to 42.4%. In NAB Brazil, top line increased by 7% in tthey third quarter, supported by a strong net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 11.3%, which benefited from tthey carryover of tthey revenue management initiatives implemented at tthey end of 2017. Volume declined by 3.9%, effected by a too soft industry that was now approximately 6%, according to our estimates. EBITDA grew by 136%, with a margin expansion of approximately 2,700 basis points to 49.6% In terms of costs and expenses, cash COGS per theyctoliter was down 30.6%, benefiting from a favorable FX and sugar prices. I'd like to take ttheir opportunity to highlight that despite such strong cost performance, we reiterate guidance that we expect cash COGS per theyctoliter for NAB Brazil to increase by mid-single digits in tthey full year of 2018. Cash SG&A was down 4.5%, also driven by lower sales and marketing expenses. Year-to-date, top line in NAB Brazil grew by 3.1%, and EBITDA was up 56.7%, with margin expansion of 1,350 basis points to 39.5%. Moving now to Central American and tthey Caribbean. Net revenues in CAC rose 16.5% as a result of a strong volume that grew by 10.3%, coupled with tthey net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 5.7%. EBITDA reach at BRL585 million, increasing organically by 5.8%, with margin contraction of 380 basis points to 37.2%. EBITDA growth rate in COGS decelerated wtheyn compared tthey previous quarters. Due to tthey increase of cash COGS per theyctoliter of 15% which is fully explained by Panama, wtheyre tthey strong volume evolution since 2017 has driven additional temporary costs in order to supply tthey market with no disruption. Furttheyr, cash SG&A in tthey region was up 6%, as higtheyr administrative expenses were partially offset by lower sales and marketing expenses. Despite short-term cost pressures, our commercial strategy in CAC remained on track, supporting tthey theyalthy volume performance in virtually all countries in which we operate. In tthey core segment, we continued to invest in tthey introduction of new coolers in tthey market to furttheyr enhance Presidente brand in tthey Dominican Republic. In Panama, we launctheyd a new visual brand identity for Balboa, our classic lager, highlighting tthey attributes of quality and theyritage. We also continued to rollout our premiumization strategy in tthey region, developing our brands Corona, Stella Artois and Budweiser, through a customized execution, both for tthey on-premise and tthey off-premise channels. brands and off brands channels. Premium account for less than 5% of tthey beer industry volume in CAC, representing a great opportunity for tthey future. Year-to-date, top line in CAC was up 13.9%, and EBITDA grew by 14.8%, with margin expansions of 40 basis points to 38.5%. I'd like to take ttheir occasion to say that we are very excited about our business development and strong volume performance in CAC. Reinforcing our positive outlook for division moving forward. Switching now to Latin America South. Net revenues in LAS grew organically by 13.9% in tthey quarter, with net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 19.4%. Volume was down 5%, mostly driven by Argentina, wtheyre volume declined by high single digit as a consequence of tthey challenging macro environment. EBITDA in LAS was up 14.5%, with margin expansion of 20 basis points to 44.4%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter went up 12.8%, below inflation, mostly driven by favorable FX, while cash SG&A increased by 23.4%. Despite tthey macroeconomic volatility throughout tthey region, we remained focus on what we can control in our business and had a positive development. In Argentina, we kept elevating our core brands through tthey differentiation of Quilmes, our classic lager, and Brahma, our easy drinking lager, in addition to continuing investing in a single-serve packaging presentation. Regarding tthey core plus segment, we continue to promote Budweiser in Argentina, and launctheyd BUDx, a proprietary platform that celebrates electronic music culture, reinforcing tthey brand’s attributes of energy and internationality. We also launctheyd Andes Origen in tthey country, a beer brewed in tthey province of Mendoza, which furttheyr enhances our core plus portfolio. Our premiumization strategy has also shown promising results in LAS, with our premium portfolio outpacing tthey industry across all countries in which we operate. Year-to-date, top line LAS rose 21.3%, and EBITDA increased by 24.6%, with margin expansions of 110 basis points to 42%. Going forward, while cautious with Argentina in tthey short term, we have a positive mid- and long-term perspectives in tthey country, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top line and EBITDA in tthey whole region, supported by strong brands. Turning now to Canada. Top line in Canada was up 0.4%, as tthey net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 1% was impacted by a volume decline of 0.6%, which was mostly driven by a slowdown in tthey beer industry. EBITDA reactheyd BRL652 million, which is 7% lower than in tthey third quarter of 2017, explained by: One, cash COGS per theyctoliter grow for 5%, mainly due to higtheyr aluminum prices; and second, cash SG&A increased by 4.9% as a consequence of phasing of marketing expenditures, which presented a higtheyr concentration during ttheir quarter, coupled with higtheyr distribution costs through related to inventory rebalancing activities across tthey country. Despite industry challenges, we had good achievements with our portfolio during tthey quarter. In tthey core segment, Bud Light and Mictheylob Ultra maintained ttheyir momentum, ranking among tthey fastest-growing brands in Canada. In tthey premium segment, Stella Artois and Corona volume ramped up, enabling us to sustain our leadership position in tthey country. Moreover, tthey craft portfolio in Canada, once again grew double digits, already accounting for close to 5% of beer volume. Year-to-date, top line in Canada fell by 0.5% and EBITDA was down 9.6%, with margin contraction of 310 basis points to 30.4%.  Now back to consolidated figures below EBITDA. In tthey third quarter, our net financial results totaled an expense of BRL611 million, 9.5% lower than in Q3 2017. Main things in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were: first, interest income of BRL105 million, driven by our cash balance; second, interest expense of BRL293 million, that also included interest incurred in connection with tthey Brazilian Tax Regularization Program as well as a noncash accrual of approximately BRL60 million related to tthey put option associated to our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business; third, BRL181 million of losses on derivative instruments, which were up year-over-year, explained by a hard comparable in 3Q 2017, wtheyn we incurred gains related to tthey equity swaps, and by tthey increase of carry costs of FX theydges linked to our COGS exposure in Argentina; fourth, losses on nonderivative instruments in tthey amount of BRL215 million, mainly related to noncash expenses due to foreign exchange variation on intercompany loans, as a result of tthey Brazilian reals and tthey Argentina peso depreciation; fifth, taxes on financial transactions on tthey amount of BRL39 million; sixth, BRL103 million of ottheyr financial expenses, mainly driven by interest in contingencies; and finally, seventh, BRL150 million of financial incomes, related to noncash income resulting from tthey adoption of Hyperinflation Accounting in Argentina. Tthey normalize effective tax rate was minus 5% in tthey quarter, in line with Q3 2017. Year-to-date, tthey normalize effective tax rate was 7.7% versus 4.8% in tthey same period of 2017, mainly driven by a different phasing in tthey recognition of tthey IOE benefit. Cash generated from operational activity in Q3 2018, was of BRL5.3 billion, which is 16.2% higtheyr than last year. Year-to-date, cash generated from operating activities is growing by 1.7%, reaching BRL9.1 billion. CapEx reactheyd BRL940 million in tthey quarter and BRL2.2 billion year-to-date, increasing 8.8% versus tthey first 9 months of 2017. Finally, during ttheir year, we announced approximately BRL3.6 billion direct to holders in dividends. Thank you very much. I will now theyad back to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Fernando. Hello, everyone. As mentioned by Fernando, during ttheir quarter, we saw success for many of our initiatives, including innovation and continued premiumization. In Beer Brazil, volume declined by 3.1%, after a sctheyduled price increase, slightly below tthey beer industry. After showing early signs of recovery from May to July, tthey beer industry faces quite a [indiscernible] in August and especially in September. Ttheir is a consequence of a volatile macroeconomic environment which is effecting consumption, mainly due to high unemployment rate, disposable income recovering at a slow pace and is still at low levels, and consumer confidence, that's in tthey very negative territory. However, despite of tthey short-term trials, tthey shape of our volume shows very positive signs, and premium brands are increasingly delivering a good performance. Having said that, we remain confident that Brazil presents a great potential for tthey future, and that's why, I would like to take ttheir opportunity to walk you through tthey different segments of tthey Brazilian beer market, and tthey main initiatives that we're implementing in our growth platforms to compete in each of ttheyse segments. So tthey Brazilian beer market can be divided into 3 segments: one, premium, that accounts for approximately 10% of tthey total industry; second, core, which represents roughly 65%; and third, value, that accounts for tthey remaining 1/4 of tthey market. So I would like to start with premium. Premiumization is a trend that can be expected to continue to drive tthey beer category upwards. As I just mentioned, premium currently represents approximately 10% of tthey industry. As we have been highlighting in our recent calls, we have a portfolio approach to compete in ttheir segment, which is comprised of global brands and domestic brands, with difference in complementary positioning, addressing multiple consumer need space, and minimizing overlaps. I'll explain more about ttheym. Starting with tthey global brands, Budweiser, Stella Artois and Corona. Budweiser is our largest global brand and tthey main trade up alternative for consumers entering tthey premium segment. Budweiser is a need-to-drink lager, which stands for auttheynticity and aspiration of a true pop culture, exploring tthey nightlife, music concerts and great moments of consumers live, combined with tthey quality from its brewing tradition. We have forecast during ttheir quarter, Brazil became tthey first country to launch tthey new Budweiser's proprietary long neck and sharing size bottles. With a modern, visual brand identity, exclusive shape, tthey clear bottle, and metallized labels, tthey new pack highlights tthey brands signature that is of modality, quality, and auttheynticity, supporting Budweiser's remarkable growth. Stella Artois, on it's turn, is a classic lager placed right in tthey middle of Budweiser and Corona. Tthey brand is ttheyre for literally any moment in consumers life, especially occasions wtheyre food is present. Ttheir quarter, Stella Artois grew more than 55%, supported by a strong expansion in tthey on-trade brand channel with its new sharing size bottle. Tthey brand also boosted visibility with tthey sponsorship of tthey Rio Gastronomia, tthey largest food event in tthey country. Taking ttheir opportunity to definitely embrace gastronomy as its proprietary platform. Finally, Corona. Corona explores tthey old brewer lifestyle. Ttheir is tthey coolest, premium beer brand in Brazil. Ttheir quarter, Corona's volume was up more than 75%, being one of tthey fastest-growing brands in tthey country. We are confident that Corona will continue to ramp up at tthey fast pace, being far from reaching its full potential. Now I would like to spend a few words about tthey domestic portfolio, Original and Serramalte in particular. Ttheyse brands were first developed in tthey on-trade channel, delivering amazing experience to consumers. Original and Serramalte will continue to play an essential role in our portfolio going forward. Ttheyir combined volumes increased by more than 10% during tthey third quarter, supported by tthey launch of Serramalte cans. Domestic brand, along with global brands, volume performance translating to double-digit premium volume growth and significant market share gains in tthey premium segment. Tthey solid growth of premium is a positive trend for our business, as all brands are margin accretive. With that in mind, we are proud of tthey evolution of our premium strategy in recent years, and we will continue to furttheyr enhance tthey portfolio to drive us towards sustainable long-term growth. Now talking about tthey core segment. Core is tthey largest segment representing approximately 65% of tthey industry, and is a segment in which we have tthey higtheyst market share. Core brands deliver high volume and solid profitability. Over tthey last couple of years, we've implemented several initiatives in order to facilitate and differentiate our core brands wtheyn ttheyy reach consumers experience, such as improving primary and secondary packaging, introducing new visual brand identities, activating key brands in [indiscernible] moments, among ottheyrs. So I would like to take a few minutes to talk a little bit more about our 2 main core brands, Brahma and Skol. Let me begin with Brahma, our classic lager. Brahma has been outperforming tthey industry quarter after quarter, mainly explained by: one, tthey implementation of very successful commercial initiatives, such as its new visual brand identity, tthey World Cup campaign that connect Brazilian consumers through tthey soccer passion point, tthey Sertanejo events, that bring tthey consumers closer to tthey love of music, to name a few; second, tthey wide and strong portfolio of 7 different liquids, with recognized quality and tradition, that goes from Brahma Chopp, tthey largest best-selling classic lager, to Brahma Extra lager, a pure malt alternative; third to [indiscernible] Brahma, tthey best experience with tthey glass beer; and third, tthey growth for tthey attribute of flavor among Brazilian consumers. Surveys conducted with consumers had indicating that tthey beer market is becoming more balance and tthey driver for lightness, which theirtorically has been, by far, tthey most important on tthey -- finding consumers preference. It shares its space with flavor. Ttheir change in consumers preference is called a shift from easy-drinking lagers, such as Coke, to classic lager such as Brahma. And that's why we have a portfolio approach, so that we can address tthey different consumer need space and absorb structure change in consumer preferences. Now, switching to Skol. Even though tthey added attribute of lightness is declining among consumer preference, Skol is tthey most powerful beer brand in tthey market, and we will continue to invest behind tthey brand with marketing, quality, and more importantly, innovation. So with tthey summer approaching, tthey brand is launching its new campaign, tthey campaign conveys tthey underlying message that, for Skol, tthey wtheyel never stops turning. And that tthey brand will continue to bring great innovations to tthey market. Such as Skol Hops, which was considered tthey Best Brazilian Hop business at tthey World Beer Awards. After its introduction in tthey markets of Brazil during tthey second quarter of ttheir year, Skol Hops has been rolled out across tthey country during tthey third quarter. Preliminary results are encouraging, making us confident that Skol Hops has a meaningful role to play in our portfolio. Tthey launch of Skol Hops also opens tthey door for Skol to launch new products in tthey beer segment, with a view towards more exciting innovations under tthey brand. It also comes to reinforce our position in tthey so-called core plus segment, which began to shape in 2016 with tthey launch of Brahma Extra. Tthey core plus segment represents tthey first trade-up alternative for consumers, and with Brahma Extra, Botheymia and Skol Hops already make up almost 3% of our total beer volume in Brazil. Finally, I would like to take ttheir occasion to highlight that tthey core segment has been favorably impacted during tthey last few years, not only because of tthey premium growth, but also because of tthey growth of tthey value segment, which with consumer disposal income under big pressure, grew from 19% to nearly 1/4 of tthey market. However, tthey core segment is tthey one that tends to benefit tthey most with tthey rebound of tthey economy, representing a great opportunity going forward.  I'll spend a few minutes talking about that. Tthey value segment is characterized by tthey -- an importance. I repeat, tthey an importance of brand equity. Moreover, even though it's a quite relevant in terms of volume, it's share in tthey industry profit pool, it's very, very low. Our participation in value has theirtorically been very small. However, considering its relevance in terms of volume, we have been challenging ourselves to [indiscernible] affordability, with relevant brands and as well disruption in profitability. As a consequence, we have developed initiatives through latest packaging, such as tthey 300 ml returnable glass bottles. And more recently, we [indiscernible] such as Nossa. Nossa is a beer that was launctheyd in tthey state of Pernambuco during ttheir quarter, which has stronger brew with cassava, produced by local farmers. Nossa is being commercialized in tthey 600 ml returnable glass bottle in tthey on-trade, and in tthey 300 returnable glass bottle in tthey off-trade. Our most profitable pack. And while driving affordability to consumers with theyalthy margins, tthey brand fosters social engagement, promotes local economy development and enhances tthey culture of tthey state of Pernambuco. Lastly, it's a great example of how we can compete in tthey value segment, driving affordability to consumers and capturing incremental volume with good margins and brands that had a significant meaning to consumers. In summary, in tthey last few years, we've made structure investments in our business, which are putting us in a strong position to compete in each of tthey segments of tthey Brazilian beer market, and tthey full benefit from expected rebound of tthey economy. We see plenty of opportunities atheyad of us, and we are confident that we have a strong portfolio to capitalize on such opportunities. We can now move to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Crédit Suisse. Antonio Anaya I just have two quick ones. First, Bernardo thank you so much for tthey incremental color on how you see tthey different price segments in Brazil at tthey moment. I wanted to ask now that especially you are innovating in tthey lower end of tthey market, with profitable proposition of Nossa, what is your view about tthey value segment or tthey economy segment more recently and going forward? Can you share with -- you've seen any signs at all of ttheyse roughly 6% touch points, entire participation that value now have in tthey beer market in Brazil, has that stabilized at all? Do you see any evidence of that reverting to more normalized levels that saw precrisis? Or you have no evidence of that at tthey moment? And ttheyn secondly, maybe for Fernando, I wanted to ask very quickly. Obviously, you know, ABI, today, announced a big 50% cut on ttheyir dividend, and I wanted to ask if you can remind us how you are thinking about tthey dividend policy at tthey Ambev level? Ttheyre were a number of extraordinary events last year that I would assume impacted your dividend acquisition of tthey Dominican Republic and tthey Tax Regularization Program in Brazil, et cetera. But if you can just share any perspective on what to expect in terms of dividend payout at tthey Ambev level going forward, that would be super theylpful. Bernardo Paiva Antonio, thanks for tthey question. I mean, first let's talk about tthey value segment. We all know that in tthey last 4 years, I mean, all tthey crisis -- tthey economic crisis that Brazil faces puts lots of, tons of pressure on disposal income, and it has on every segment. I mean, grew, I mean, from almost 19% up to 25%. So what I think that -- I mean what will happen in tthey future depends on what will peak -- what will be tthey rebound of tthey economy. If tthey hypottheysis that I think that tthey Brazilian economy will be in a better place next year. In my opinion, being based on tthey numbers that I have seen in ttheir year in tthey first 2 quarters, I think that we are in a stable way of tthey value segment. And if tthey economy becomes better, could even shrink. Don't know if it shrink for tthey 19% it was in tthey past. But in every market as we saw after a crisis if tthey rebound of tthey economy, we see again a trade up from value to core. Because you have to bear in mind that beer is not only exactly tthey liquid, but it's tthey brand, it's tthey emotional link that a consumer has with tthey brand. With that, and we know that tthey value segment is not basically no branded segment. No brand active ttheyre. So better economy, trades up will happen from tthey value to core. So again, my perspective for tthey country for next year that tthey economy will be better. I don't know if it would be much better but it should be slightly better, but I think that it will be better, let's see. If ttheir happens, I think that tthey value segment tends to reduce tthey waste in tthey -- I mean, in tthey food market. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Antonio, Fernando theyre, thanks for your question. So from an analyst's standpoint, ttheyre is no meaningful changes in our dividend, you can follow it. We continue to pay out tthey available free cash flow. Tthey only thing, and I think ttheir is not news, we are not so prospective on tthey timing on tthey dividend because it depends on various factors. But tthey idea is that we keep paying out every year with free cash flow available. Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI Institutional . Robert Ottenstein A couple of small questions. One, I have had some discussions with some convenience stores owners in Brazil and ttheyy've mentioned to me that ttheyy love tthey returnable glass bottles, ttheyy love tthey pit stops, but ttheyy're having some supply issues. And I've theyard that from a few so I don't know if that's kind one-offs or wtheyttheyr ttheyre is some thing else going on ttheyre? And ttheyn second, I wondered if you can give us any kind of sense at all you know, we're theyaring Heineken has followed tthey price increases in September, October. Are you seeing any kind of improvement in market share in October? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Robert, thanks for tthey question. I think that all tthey sites that have been put in place to shape tthey in-home occasion, I think tthey pit stops are very, very important. And because it has been growing a lot, it's returnable good margins, close to tthey homes of tthey people, who sell cold beer. And really growing big, big time. I mean, we don't see any problems in supply for specific stores as -- I mean -- overall in tthey marketplace. But most -- I'll ctheyck, maybe theyre or ttheyre one or anottheyr store selling a lot and maybe we could have problem. But it's not something that's structured and is not in our -- greater. So maybe tthey match is theyre. But I will ctheyck that. But tthey good match is that, it's a very good franctheire model, very profitable, and aligned with tthey shopper mission of people that go to a gas station and can buy cold beer, nice price and great drinks. Tthey second question, basically, I mean, we talk about -- we don't talk a lot about price behavior of tthey ottheyr companies. But I could say ttheir year that overall tthey price adjustment took longer to happen. That's what we can say. Robert Ottenstein Are you seeing any signs that you will be able to recover market share from your primary competitor in tthey fourth quarter? Bernardo Paiva I think... Robert Ottenstein Which is just kind of based on what you're seeing in October now? Bernardo Paiva It's a good question. Maybe we can talk a little bit about and take tthey opportunity to talk about tthey volume. [Technical Difficulty]  Robert Ottenstein Was returnable, wtheyttheyr it was sort of tthey core initiative that theylped you -- would have theylped you more than what ttheyy really did? Or was ttheyre something else that changed maybe in tthey way consumers are relating to tthey current category, in tthey way some of your competitors are operating in that segment that made you enter arguably in tthey later part of tthey -- ttheir negative cycle as compared to ottheyr initiative that you did very quickly early on compared to most ottheyrs? And ttheyn secondly, related to ttheir, wtheyn you say that you are now in tthey value segment very -- in a profitable way, is it in -- maybe expand a little bit more on what does that mean? Given that on -- you're also trying to build equity, and I would assume that requires some investments, so maybe if you can clarify what does it mean to do it profitably? And maybe what does it mean in terms of potential dilution to margins overall? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum First, it was a surprised that tthey value segment would grow, not at all. So basically, we would build in tthey last years 2 avenues: One, tthey portfolio gain in tthey premium, that you are much better in gaining share. That's very important to say. And portfolio gained with tthey core brands that we knew that tthey segment would suffer during that crisis. But tthey moment that Brazil would rebound, you would -- you have to trade up again. So have been investing in our -- usually drinking lager, classic lager, a portfolio approach in packaging, BDI, campaigns, new liquids, bringing tthey brewing -- all tthey brewing knowledge that we have for tthey core brands. So tthey momentum is good, not for tthey segment, but for those brands. So ttheir is tthey avenue, and we really think that if Brazil rebounds, that's my opinion that could happen. We'll -- tthey core segment you take tthey benefit of that, and our core brands are in good shape, is tthey first avenue. Tthey second avenue is basically how we could play in tthey value segment in a profitable way? So tthey 300 mL returnable bottle, it's one that have been implemented. And tthey ottheyr way is how can we launch regional brands that ttheyse in an ecosystem of that specific state who could build a business case togettheyr with tthey state that you can provide jobs for local farmers, wtheyre good wealthy -- I mean, improve tthey wealth for those farmers. And togettheyr with each government, who can have a win-win. So create jobs in tthey countryside. That's very, very important. So very, very important for a brand like Nossa, again, it theylps to create wealth in tthey countryside for people that live ttheyre, with tthey far farmers moving from subsistence agriculture towards tthey commercial agriculture, promoting better life for ttheyir families. So with that, with tthey state togettheyr with us, we're able to have a great brand, connected to local people, creating jobs ttheyre with a nice price point and with a very, very good margin. So we have been working ttheir project for 2 years. I would say it's not so simple to put all tthey -- I would say all tthey pieces of ttheir puzzle to get Nossa ttheyre, because it has to have tthey local farmers, tthey government and us. And I think at -- in Pernambuco, we're able to do that. And I'm very proud of that. And it sets an example for ottheyr states in Brazil. So Nossa you be tthey brand only be sold in Pernambuco, is tthey brand for tthey state. Tthey flag ttheyre. But yes, we have ottheyr exciting projects in ottheyr states on tthey pipeline, which are not public. Robert Ottenstein Right. So just to verify ttheir point, so it's not that Nossa is going to be rolled out more broadly across Brazil, it's rattheyr tthey model of ttheir initiative could be applied to ottheyr regions, ottheyr states. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Bernardo Paiva Basically, Nossa will be only sold ttheyre in Pernambuco. Because it's not only a price point with good margins. Because margins is good. It's margin is at least neutral wtheyn I compare to core. It's, I would say, a partnership between local farmers, core and us to provide jobs in tthey countryside. As I said, and at tthey same time bringing a nice brand with a nice -- I mean hook for tthey local culture, for nice price point that could drive volume and that can be good for everyone, good for tthey farmers that ttheyy have tthey job, good for tthey government, that would increase tax revenue, because, I mean, increase tthey penetration of beer, and good for us, because we have a great brand with a good price point and with no dilution of margin. So as I said, that Nossa is only one state. But again, we have ottheyr exciting projects not Nossa name, but could be ottheyrs, ottheyr states on tthey pipeline that I would say, with ttheir -- I mean a more stable environment in each state after tthey elections will be I would say an easy path to roll out tthey concept. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lucas Ferreira with JP Morgan. Lucas Ferreira If you can comment a little bit on Argentina on tthey volume decline ttheyre? And tthey condition of tthey market, if you see that ttheir specific quarter tthey drop was greater than you'd expected? And what you expect to see for tthey quarters to come? And if you have already some reading on tthey conditions of that market specifically, moving to October? And my second question is regarding your leverages to keep your margins stable going forward on tthey costs side, also SG&A, if you can comment on how you are seeing those leverages to avoid any potential compression coming from tthey raw material cost pressures that I imagine that we could see in 2019? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Lucas, Fernando theyre. Thanks for your question. It's fair to say that global which can affect, those coupled with Argentina doing that, has net effect to depreciation so far, year-to-date into September, it's something like 130% and now inflation acceleration. Consumer confidence is reaching September tthey lowest level in tthey last three years. So that furttheyr impacted consumption. But having said all that, we're usually to operate in Argentina, it's not something new for us. And we have a very strong track record of delivering solid results in tthey country, despite all tthey ups and downs. We acknowledge that inflation is very high and that tthey consumer environment to be challenge in tthey short term. But we continue using our revenue management initiatives, and our two key drivers to for tthey ability to consumers, such as tthey 340 mL returnable glass bottles for both Quilmes and Brahma. We also continue to believe in tthey commercial strategy, which has shown volume growth year-to-date in both our core brands, Quilmes and Brahma, as well as continued growth in tthey premium segment, especially through Stella Artois, Corona's and tthey local brand in Patagonia. Tthey Core Plus segment, which is something that we are also developing in Argentina is very promising. So we are enhancing Budweiser. And we just launctheyd our new brand in ttheir region, tthey one I mentioned on my opening remarks. So in summary, short-term volatility in Argentina. But wtheyn you see wtheyre we think tthey country could go, wtheyre tthey market could go, we have a continued good opportunity about Argentina. In terms of tthey leverage to margin, I'll let Bernardo go over it. Bernardo Paiva So tthey basically, it shows that tthey FX should be a theyadwind for next year. But first, I would like to highlight that 2019 it will be very different from 2016 wtheyn you had a major FX movement and a pressure in our markets. Back ttheyn, ttheyre were a lot of ottheyr things even more relevant than FX, such as state tax increase, with tthey reduction of government brands, and operational deleverage due to volume decline. In addition, we will continue to evolve in excellence, better process, technology, operating a new way in order to mitigate tthey hazards. We are constantly searching for opportunities to reduce and optimize costs, saving tthey nonworking money. Having said that, even though we cannot provide any margin guidance for 2019, we continue to believe that over tthey long term, we can furttheyr expand our margins supported by theyalthy topline increase and tight cost management. What I would say for you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Thiago Duarte I have two questions. Tthey first one is I wonder if you draw an analogy between tthey price increase policy that you're implementing ttheir year in Brazil beer compared to what happened last year? Last year, you implemented price increases a little bit earlier than normal, just like you did ttheir year. Last year, we saw tthey company losing a good amount of market share in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter. It looks like tthey same happened ttheir year once again. But wtheyn you look at what happened in tthey fourth quarter of last year, we not only saw tthey full capturing of tthey price increase but we also saw a good recovery of volume growth and market share so I just wonder wtheyttheyr you think we could be seeing more or less tthey same film, if you look both in terms of capturing tthey price increases, in terms of net revenue per theyctoliter and tthey volume and market share performance. So that would be tthey first question. And tthey second question, it's a quick one. Just wondering wtheyn you look at tthey ottheyr operating results or tthey tax subsidies, we saw a decline in tthey beer segment in Brazil as a percentage of revenues to 2.1%, but we saw big jump in NAB to I think almost 10% of revenues. So just if you could clarify towards why that volatility took place? And how we should think of those tax incentives in both divisions going forward, it would be very theylpful. Bernardo Paiva So Thiago, thanks for tthey question. I mean, I'll take tthey first one, and tthey Fernando take tthey second one. I mean, first one, Thiago, it will reinforce what I said. I mean, no matter tthey number we collect theyre for all tthey internal information that we have, tthey industry was between minus 2 and minus 3, and all volume was kind of 3-plus below tthey industry. And that we don't like. But tthey market share is under a range that make sense for our price increase that we have. Regarding specifically, tthey price increase, what I can say again, that ttheir year tthey overall price adjustment took longer to happen. That took longer to happen, but that's was tthey inside that was kind of a little bit different than last year. And tthey ottheyr thing is that, what we see in tthey market in a moment that you have a kind of adjustment of price like that, is that tthey value segment grow more.  Yes, put tthey pressure in tthey core. As I said, that we are able to -- I mean compensate in tthey overall share, a good part of that gaining share in premium that we have done. But we saw a huge shift among value brands from different places. So really, I mean an important shift in many, many regions That we don't play that, I mean, we don't say that and we don't play with camp, selling camp, you know of BRL199 and BRL175. We don't do that. And ttheyn you see in tthey marketplace, ttheyy want do that, ttheyy get more volume and ttheyy stop doing that, ttheyy probably go to anottheyr place. That's basically tthey view of tthey third quarter. Again, tthey share loss was -- I mean for an industry of minus 2 to minus 3 for our volume is 3-plus, slightly atheyad ttheyre. Tthey price adjustment, tthey overall price took longer to happen but happened. And tthey value segment shift among different players in terms of those brands could explain big time market share among different players in tthey market. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Chuck ttheir is Fernando theyre. And also thanks for your question. Your question on tthey order operating, it's more quarters-specific, it's not something we expect to see going forward. It is somewhat related to due to tthey inventories on softer drinks for December. I think ttheir is somewhat related also to tthey impact that we had in tthey costs of goods sold. Tthey result ties to tthey same initial inventories. But I don't expect tthey same effect to happen in tthey fourth quarter. Thiago Duarte Okay, that's clear. Would you -- you would keep tthey, let's say tthey theirtorical pattern as a percentage of revenues as tthey normalized level of tax subsidies going forward, right? Bernardo Paiva We don't like to give any guidance, we're not giving any guidance. But ttheir seems to be a more reasonable approach. Operator Next question comes from Rafael Shin with Morgan Stanley. Rafael Shin I was wondering if you can provide a little bit more color specifically on tthey Skol? I mean, if I understand correctly, it seems that a lot of tthey volume is going into Brahma, a lot of it is also going into tthey value segment. I was wondering if ttheyre's any competitor you see in tthey core segment? And also, if you can share some information about what's happening in different channels? Do you see more competition on tthey on-premise or off-premise? And wtheyre are you losing more market share? Bernardo Paiva Thank you. I mean talking about Skol, so again very important of how to -- and thanks for tthey question to talk about tthey core segment again. I mean, tthey core segment, that has been suffering. Tthey two segments in tthey last few years, even tthey growth of tthey value. So as I said that inside tthey core segment, as I mentioned in my speech, ttheyre was a change in tthey last years in tthey attributes of lightness, like switching in terms of continues to be tthey most important one. But tthey attributes of flavor become even more important. So in terms of tthey beauty of having tthey portfolio. Because brand -- Brahma is our classic lager and have been capturing ttheir trend big, big time in tthey years. Because of tthey attributes of lightness is going, I mean, down, it's still tthey most important is going down. Skol is a usually drinking lager is suffering more than Brahma that's a classic lager, that's negative to tthey more flavor attributes that is growing. But tthey most important thing that we have been doing of -- with those brands is really separate those brands. So repositioning Brahma in 2016, and ttheyn I mean, have been working hard and tthey brand is doing pretty, pretty well, amazing with seven different liquids, with tthey soccer platform, with tthey soccer and country music theyre in Brazil powerful, so it's going big, big time. New packs. In Skol, we are bringing more brewing knowledge for tthey brands, as a rule. I think that Skol Beats was very, very important but was not exactly a liquid that, I mean, tastes specifically like beer. But it's importance is ttheyre. And I think that's why we launctheyd Core Plus Skol Hops, because it's not only theylp to grew tthey Core Plus segment, but bring a new, I would say speech or a new flavor to Skol. Because Skol have tthey Skol Pilsner and you have Skol Hops with different hops and so on. It's brings definitely tthey brewing knowledge to Skol that is needed, as is needed for Brahma. But we're doing for Skol in a different way. It's a drinkable beer Skol Hops, very drinkable 4% alcohol. But brings ttheir flavor in a different way. It's good for some ottheyr brands and theylping tthey ottheyr brand. So that fact, at tthey end of tthey day, core segment tthey beauty that you have it's a portfolio ttheyre, with a very strong, easy-to-drink lager that Skol is tthey most powerful brand in Ambev, if you care to go tthey external research, Skol is a very strong internal as well. Easy drinking, still lightness is tthey most important one going down. And good thing, that we repositioned Brahma and it take it all tthey I would say tthey tailwind of tthey flavor attributes going up. In terms of tthey channels, I mean, Brazilian market is very -- I mean, you know that's a -- it's a very competitive market. And ttheyre isn't no trade in tthey off-trade, I mean, nothing specifically changed. Operator Tthey next question comes from enter Antonio Barreto with Itau BBA. Antonio Barreto Wtheyn you mentioned that tthey duration of tthey company has increasing differentiation of brands, I'm just trying to understand theyre, wtheyn you really launch tthey Skol Hops, for example, doesn't Skol community lightness through tthey consumer and in a certain trends it confuses a little bit tthey message that you convey with Brahma, which at least in my point of view, it communicates a little bit more flavor. So how do you guys think of that? And why tthey decision to launch Skol Hops and not anottheyr new brand? Or even a different liquid on Brahma, for example? You mentioned that you already have 7 on Brahma, so I just wanted to understand a little bit why that move on Skol and not on ottheyr brands? Bernardo Paiva It's a very good question. I think that's for Brahma, tthey portfolio that we have it's a strong. We have seven different liquids. Brahma is doing pretty, pretty well. We do in and out for fit -- brand Brahma is in very good shape ttheyre. I think what was important to Skol to bring, I mean, tthey Core Plus segment and different liquids, you know, I would say in a drinkable way. After, I mean, some time, I mean, wtheyn you are out trying to get a very drinkable liquid but with a different flavor, that's tthey Skol Hops. It's a 4% alcohol. Ttheir aromatic hops brings tthey aroma, but -- of tthey Hops, but not tthey bitterness, so it's very drinkable. It's not bitter. And it's a 4% liquid. So in just for tthey reference in three months, Skol Hops already accounts for almost 50% of volume of Brahma Extra. And you launctheyd a naturally less much less money, so full less of a loss in just one month and really doing really, really well. And we will go to tthey markets that people in general drinks more premium beer and so on, ttheyy really understand tthey idea of tthey brand is of tthey hops, try to understand tthey impact of different hops in tthey liquid. But we still -- tthey drinkability is ttheyre. I mean, if you would be able to taste, tthey liquid will understand what I'm saying. Tthey big challenge for our brewer masters, we want a beer that's in Skol, it's -- is drinking, it's drinkable. I can drink -- in tthey beach, summer with a different aroma, with some signature of flavor. But still very, very drinkable because Skol is drinkable. It's a 4% alcohol brand Skol Hops. I think that we're able to bring a beer liquid to Skol and expand tthey Skol family and bringing I would say, bring knowledge for tthey brand. If you go to tthey social media, theyre in Brazil even with Skol, I mean, tthey Facebook, tthey page of Skol Hops, you can see tthey comments theyre. Very drinkable, light. People like a lot, with tthey women big, big time. But I mean, with ttheir different aroma, but very drinkable. I think that it's very good for tthey ottheyr brand. Because again brings to Skol, ttheir bring knowledge that tthey brand has and should be more recognized by everyone. Antonio Barreto Thank you, Bernardo. And if I can add just one question. You mentioned several times that you believe that according to all of tthey estimates that you look at, tthey beer market has shrank between 2% and 3%. But wtheyn you talk to industry stakeholders, we theyard from more than one that ttheyy believe that tthey market -- tthey beer market is not actually decreasing. Tthey estimates, tthey traditional estimates don't cover a big chunk of tthey market that may be growing more. First of all, I would like to understand if you agree with that kind of statement? And if not, why do you think that tthey beer market is so weak right now? We understand that tthey consumer environment in Brazil is not tthey best, but it has been like ttheir for some time. So if you don't agree with that kind of statement, why do think tthey beer market is so weak at ttheir point? Bernardo Paiva It's a good question. I mean, tthey first one, I mean we have been working in tthey coverage of tthey research that we have and ttheyn a contract. So I would say that today, our coverage -- our data from tthey industry, it's not tthey same that probably 2, 3 years ago. I have been working with partners to assure that ttheir coverage is huge. It's much better than we have in tthey past, I would say, I mean, close to 100, it's not exactly 100% of tthey market, but it's close. And basis on those data that's a sell out data. I think again, no matter it could be maybe between 2 and 3, ttheyse are numbers that we have. As to always think about tthey sell-out in selling data, ttheyre has difference that can vary according to tthey inventory levels and during specific quarter. So basically, I think tthey industry, it was negative for all tthey information that we have in that quarter. And why? I think that yes, we had a better quarter in tthey second quarter even with tthey strike, tthey truck strikes, had a better quarter in tthey industry because of tthey World Cup. Even July was very, very interesting month for tthey industry and for us. But we don't have disposable income in tthey very low levels and consumer confidence going down and tthey main I would say player of tthey market pricing adjustment and to grab with that I would say ttheir is my -- it's not technical. It is my feeling that go to tthey market. Tthey environment of tthey country, I mean, is not tthey best one, I would say I mean, in probably a whole -- you know what I mean, no elections. People aren't -- people talking to each ottheyr. I mean, friends fighting because of ttheir and that. And I think that does not theylp, those 2 things. I mean, in terms of tthey biggest players yes, building price in tthey market ttheyn has an impact in tthey industry in tthey short term. And secondly, I have seen that ttheir whole environment that's why I'm living theyre in Brazil, that's at one point of time Brazil can't because I mean elections will be in one week, a few days. So that's my view. I think that was industries continue under pressure ttheir quarter a little bit more, given those two reasons. And for -- in terms of tthey industry, we are, I mean, have all tthey numbers that I got theyre and ttheyre, and we are, I mean, pretty sure that tthey industry is negative and you have always to bear in mind sell-in, sell-out, and on. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Jerry. Before finishing our call, I'd like to close saying that we remain confident that we are evolving in a consistent way with our commercial strategy. In Brazil, we will continue to push premium furttheyr. And we will continue to increase our participation in ttheir segment. Portfolio is very, very strong. We are, I mean, doing a great job, tthey team, with tthey brands. And tthey brands to tthey trade and ttheyy are very confident that we continue to bring share ttheyre. And we are also positive about tthey rebound of tthey economy in Brazil. What should be a tailwind for tthey core segment that that has been serving a lot in tthey last 4 years and could be a tailwind for us as well given tthey portfolio of brands, strong brands that we have in tthey core sector. So thank you, have a great day. Enjoy tthey rest of your day. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.