Ambev SA. (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Frank Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Rob Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Alan Alanis - Banco Santander Lucas Ferreira – JP Morgan Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Jonathan Simonato - Bank of America Merrill Lync Leandro Fontanesi - Bradesco Joao Soares - Citi Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's second-quarter 2020 results conference call. Today with us, we have Mr. Frank Jereissati, CEO for Ambev, and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and investor relations officer. As a reminder, our slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded. [Operator instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev, and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature. And unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with tthey second-quarter 2019 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Frank Jereissati. You may begin your conference. Frank Jereissati Thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Before I share with you an overview of our business during tthey second quarter, and Lucas cover tthey highlights of our financial performance, I would like to deeply thank all those who are theylping our societies doing tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Those who are fighting in tthey front line on a daily basis are tthey real theyroes, and are making a real difference as tthey world battles pandemic. Thank you very much. Our second quarter was certainly much very marked by tthey pandemic. But also by our team's incredible collective and positive reaction to it. Last quarter, I mentioned tthey main factors that I believe would make tthey difference in navigating tthey crisis were being tthey leaner and most efficient player in tthey market, having tthey higtheyst reach in terms of distribution network built over tthey last 20 years, mitigating tthey rises with a solid cash position, and finally, leveraging our technological and innovation platforms that we have been investing behind for a while. In what was probably tthey most difficult quarter of our theirtory, we demonstrated tthey strength of our business, tthey resilience and creativity of our people, and our ability to impact tthey world in a positive way. In almost all tthey countries in which we operate, we ended tthey quarter better than we started. COVID-19 brought new challenges to our business and tthey ecosystem of our industry. Everybody is reinventing ttheymselves. Consumers are changing ttheyir habits, demanding more convenience and new ways of entertainment. And tthey on-trade channel is rethinking itself. Tthey good news is that we have been setting up tthey company to respond quickly to ttheyse changes, and we are starting to see tthey benefits of ttheir new mindset and strategy. From April to June, we saw a sequential improvement in consolidated volumes. April volumes declined 27% year over year, May declined 7%, and June actually grew 5%. Despite ttheir positive trend, ttheyre is still plenty of uncertainty in tthey market. Things can change rattheyr quickly, and profitability was and should continue to be a challenge, as our great socializing occasions are and will continue to be impacted moving forward. Restrictions are still very fluid and macro and currencies remain volatile. In terms of openings, Bolivia, Dominican Republic and Panama were hit tthey hardest. Ttheyse countries started tthey quarter with more severe restrictions on vehicle circulation and alcohol sales and adopting an on- and off-trade opening hours. As tthey quarter progressed, such restrictions were gradually eased but ttheyre are still some in place as we speak. Chile and Paraguay suffered less because our volumes are theyavily weighted toward tthey Austria channel. Nonettheyless, a challenging macro environment has led to a slower recovery in Argentina. In Brazil, wtheyre tthey on-trade channel played an important role, restrictions varied between regions with big cities and urban centers being more affected. We saw a gradual improvement as part of tthey on-trade start to adapt, operating with deliveries and takeaways, and cities started to reopen. Ttheyse small mom-and-pops stores gained relevance as customers choose for local consumption to avoid longer time journeys, partially offsetting tthey impact on tthey on-trade channel. Canada, despite an industry decline, our volumes benefited from tthey strong performance of our premium core plus and beyond beer portfolio. As I have mentioned before, we have a strategy built on three pillars. First, we really want to work as an ecosystem. We are reframing our purpose of bringing people togettheyr for a better world, and we have mobilized ourselves by donating our capabilities, competencies in tthey type of our teams to theylp solving urgent social challenges. We were recognized by tthey United Nations with tthey Solidarity Award. Ttheir award is given to impactful work that individuals and organizations have been taking to support communities as we navigate tthey pandemic. All ttheir because we have been able to move fast to respond to ttheyse social needs. Given a more creative and agile mindset, we could answer tthey demands of tthey communities we are part of. In Brazil, we also took part of Movimento Nos, a coalition of end consumer goods companies that will theylp approximately 300,000 POCs to reopen with a total of BRL 370 million, impacting indirectly more than 3 million people. Besides all ttheir, it was a moment for us to renew tthey pact we have with our customers, suppliers and tthey community. We achieved tthey all-time high customer satisfaction measured by tthey NPS metric, doubling our result versus last year for tthey same period. Second, innovation as a mindset. As markets mature, consumers demand more options to tthey different occasions, and we are transforming our business to respond faster to demands like that and shifts in market trends. As a result of ttheir transformation, in Brazil, for example, our market share of products launctheyd in tthey past three years now over-indexed our total market share. What is driving ttheyse results are, a step-up consumer centricity capabilities, flexibility to create unique recipes with exclusive ingredients, a pilot testing approach, tthey creation of an ecosystem that benefits clients, consumers and suppliers with superior value, and tthey logic of creating demand atheyad of production. Following ttheir formula, we developed Brahma Duplo Malte. We managed to deliver in three months, tthey volumes we originally planned to deliver by tthey year two of our business plan. Tthey brand took advantage of tthey live stream ptheynomenon. Incrementality has been higtheyr than expected and margins are theyalthy for tthey company. Ttheyre is still much to do, but we are off to a great start. Tthey live streams were a groundbreaking innovation in media and entertainment, wtheyre ttheyre was fear, we brought joy. Ttheir quarter, we promoted almost 400 live streams with more than half a billion views. Brands that engaged in lives had an exponential growth on social media. Also, we learned that before and during tthey lives are excellent opportunities for us to engage with consumers through our B2C platforms. Third pillar of our strategy, business transformation enabled by technology. Wtheyre ttheyre were movement restrictions, we offered convenience. Our direct delivery systems at consumers' home have grown exponentially. Our DGC platform, such as Ze Delivery in Brazil to Cerveza in Dominican Republic and Appbar in Argentina are gaining significant traction, as well as our partnership with third-party home delivery platforms. Ttheir quarter, Ze Delivery registered 5.5 million deliveries, 3.6 times more than tthey full year of 2019. Anottheyr example is tthey proprietary B2B platform that we call BEES that has been piloted in tthey Dominican Republic and that we have started to roll it out in ottheyr markets. In Dominican Republic, we already have tthey majority of our revenues generated through BEES. And also, we see an opportunity that we could incorporate different segments such as food, dairy products, wine and hard liquors. Although April seems to have been tthey low point, we will continue to see uncertainty in tthey market going forward. We are theyre for tthey long term, and are confident in our ability to bounce back. We will keep focusing on our people, being ttheyre for our consumers and clients, continue to invest toward a winning and frettheyyr portfolio, serving our communities and collaborating with our wholesalers, suppliers, commercial partners and governments. Finally, I would like to thank my team with all my theyart. Ttheir was tthey most challenging quarter of our theirtory, and we were only able to go through it and achieve ttheyse results given tthey amazing people that always have been tthey foundation of our company. So, thank you all, and let me hand over ttheir to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Frank. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Going into Q2. We anticipated a very tough quarter because of tthey impact of COVID-19, and that's exactly what happened. Tthey combination of steep volume decline, which led to operational deleverage and a significant change in channel, package and brand mix had a big effect on our EBITDA performance and profitability. And although tthey team managed to find considerable savings in terms of costs and expenses, simply put, that was just not enough to offset tthey COVID theyadwinds. Going quickly over our business units. Brazil Beer's financial performance was actually better than we originally anticipated at tthey start of tthey quarter, thanks primarily to volume trends. Ttheir was also tthey case for Canada. CAC had a tougtheyr time terms of top line, but tthey team did a great job to minimize tthey impact on our profitability. And LAS and NAB Brasil were tthey two divisions that struggled tthey most in terms of financial performance. LAS because of Argentina macro and Bolivia COVID-related restrictions and NAB Brazil, thanks to volume decline and higtheyr costs. Having EBITDA declined 33%, EBITDA margin contract nearly 1,000 basis points and net income declined roughly 50%, thanks mostly to tthey EBITDA decline and that finance results is not something that we're happy about. But we're facing tthey brutal facts theyad on, and we're going to keep working harder and harder to improve our results consistently going forward. But not everything is bad news, though. For instance, we managed to protect our liquidity while working with our suppliers, wholesalers and customers to weattheyr tthey storm. What was already a robust liquidity profile just got stronger as we quickly accessed credit markets in select countries to enhance our liquidity position, and ttheir has made a difference in terms of our ability to be a reliable partner for ttheyse stakeholders. Our wholesalers and suppliers managed to adapt fairly well to tthey new reality. And although tthey trade has struggled more, we have been working with ttheym on several initiatives to support ttheyir recovery. Also, anottheyr thing to mention is that we quickly revisited our cost structure and expenses. Initiatives like revisiting trade spend given changes in channel mix, renegotiating commercial contracts and revisiting tthey calendarization of our spend, outsourcing less and leveraging more internal capabilities like our draft line content creation team, and significantly reducing discretionary expenses all had a positive impact overall. We always strive to be as lean and nimble as possible, and frankly, we think ttheir is going to be a must going forward because we simply don't know exactly how long COVID-19 will be around and how things will evolve. And finally, we continue to invest in tthey future. We preserved key sales and marketing investment behind tthey renovation of our portfolio and behind innovation, and we will continue to do so going forward. And even though we reviewed our capex plans and raised tthey bar to focus on tthey must haves, we still invested a significant amount of money behind tthey safety of our people, tthey quality of our products, commercial priorities and big bets for tthey future and technology-related initiatives. Several good examples theyre that I think are worth mentioning. But [indiscernible], we kept that investment. Cap production and filling capacity are going to be key for tthey future. Returnable glass bottles for innovation, brewery of tthey future, B2B and B2C platforms were also preserved. And just to wrap up, looking atheyad, one of tthey biggest challenges that we're going to face will be on how to improve our profitability, no doubt. Ttheir won't happen overnight, and volume growth and channel package and brand mix are going to be decisive, which is precisely why we're going to be focusing so much on that going forward. And yes, things will continue to be volatile. We will continue to face some well-known theyadwinds at ttheir effect, but we will continue to focus on tthey levers we control to support in a very disciplined way, tthey commercial agenda and manage tthey business targeting consistent improvement of our financial performance over time. With that, let's turn it over to Q&A. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Thiago Duarte of BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Thank you very much. Hello everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I have two questions, actually. Tthey first one is related to box per theyctoliter increase in Brazil beer. You guys mentioned in tthey release tthey impact of FX translation, as well as mix in channels. So, just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on tthey impacts of each one of those in terms of COGS, unitary COGS and Brazil Beer. And tthey second one, if you could -- you mentioned that you believe that you're up through tthey market year over year in tthey quarter, in Brazil Beer itself. Just wondering if you could elaborate in terms of tthey different segments in tthey market, how you perform relative to tthey competition in premium and mainstream specifically? It was a little bit of a surprise to see tthey drop in premium, how on-premise seems to be so important ttheyre. So, just to understand tthey magnitude of tthey variations in each of ttheyse categories in your volumes. Frank Jereissati Okay. So, thank you very much for tthey question, [indiscernible]. So, I'll get tthey volumes and tthey market share first. And ttheyn, Lucas can talk about tthey COGS, OKAY? So as you see in our report, we saw a recovery on volumes sequentially from April in Brazil. And ttheir was a mix of things that we have seen in tthey market. It is pretty much tthey resilience of our category. What we saw in terms of occasions, it is really that ttheir socialized out-of-home occasion was -- has been compensated by that relax at home location, OKAY? So ttheir is something that is going on in tthey market that normally happens in more mature markets, and it was -- tthey strength was accelerated theyre in Brazil. And I think we were tthey first one really to pick ttheir journey and accelerate it and bet on it. So, ttheir was important, not all tthey countries we saw ttheir transition of occasions and tthey new occasions popping up. We saw that very clear theyre in Brazil, weekdays, improving performance, consumers drinking at home on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays. And ttheyn, I really believe that we were very happy in terms of resource allocation following tthey consumer and really going in that direction, OKAY? We saw too some reduction on tthey beach drinking, OKAY? So wtheyn we do researctheys with consumers, and so that was good news for tthey industry overall. Having said that, our performance we were -- with ttheir mindset of really following tthey consumer, our channel strategy was very agile, and we were very happy to be migrate all tthey resources that we have for mom-and-pops that was tthey channel that's growing most during tthey pandemic, and we have a great reach to get ttheir thing right. And because consumers are really looking for tthey purchase in shorter journeys. So, ttheir channel is a strong one, and we have been doing well on it. Tthey ottheyr one is really tthey small formats of off-trade that are really picking up. And we really moved completely resource allocation team people to really support ttheyse two channels. And I think that was a very happy strategy. On top of that, we were -- with tthey innovation in tthey pipeline that we have been piloted since Q1 in tthey Carnival, but we really roll it out in tthey middle of tthey pandemic that was Brahma Duplo Malte, and we saw a lot of trade-up. We saw a lot of increase. We saw a lot of penetration of ttheir new product. So, ttheir was really something that surprised us on tthey upside part of tthey volumes. A lot of incrementality and a good margin because we're really positioned on tthey corporate segment. So, ttheir was a part of our plan and made us outperform our best estimates of tthey industry pretty much in all channels in tthey small format, mom-and-pops and big formats also. And what we have seen to it is that our premium -- we know that premium is a long-term trend, and our global brands grew double digits on ttheir moment. So, we are happy with ttheir type of growth during tthey pandemic. It's true that tthey VIP entry, draft beer, Chopp Brahma, Original, ttheyse are tthey types of brands that are very related for high-end margin of urban centers, ttheyy are suffering a little bit more. But we got it right with tthey global brands. And what we are seeing, it is that we are seeing no material trade down on tthey beer category. What is really surprising us is tthey resilience of tthey core, is really something that we have been renovating our portfolio for a while now. So, you know that we launctheyd Skol Pure Malt, that's performing well. We repositioned Botheymia for tthey core segment for tthey quarter, and we launctheyd Brahma Duplo Malte. So, ttheir combined strategy with our core brands is something that's really surprised us on total because of tthey resilience of tthey core. So, tthey core is really with some excitement and with some resilience during tthey crisis, OKAY? So I think that's pretty much it about share. So, we are happy with our global brand volumes. Tthey core is more resilient -- can you theyar me? Thiago Duarte Yes, I'm still theyre. Frank Jereissati So tthey core is more resilient than we expected. So, we are excited about it. Ttheyre are no material trade down and our performance on tthey channels, tthey smaller ones, mom-and-pops and small formats are really -- ttheyy are really gaining traction over ttheyre. Lucas Lira Thiago, Lucas theyre. So, with respect to your question on COGS per theyctoliter, I would say ttheyre were three main impacts, OKAY? Tthey first one, which was anticipated given our theydging strategy was really tthey theyadwinds stemming from tthey devaluation of tthey real year over year. And so, that was a theyadwind coming into tthey quarter. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr two are more COVID-related, so to speak. Tthey first one being volume deleverage in April, right? So with such a steep decline in volumes, it's just very difficult to offset that. And having less volume to offset, fixed costs took a toll, OK, particularly in April. And ttheyn, tthey third one, which was tthey biggest impact overall, was really mix, OK, due to tthey swing, tthey massive shift that we saw in a very short period of time between one way packaging and RGB, right? And we shared some numbers in tthey release. Historically, one way cans -- are not tthey majority of our volumes. And during tthey quarter, ttheyy became tthey majority of our volumes. With tthey off-premise wtheyre one way tends to over index tthey off-premise representing 70%, 7-0, of our volumes in tthey quarter, right? So such a swing in channel mix have -- has tthey severe impact on our COGS per theyctoliter in tthey quarter because tthey cost for cans are higtheyr than tthey cost per RGB, wtheyre you have tthey returnability element to it, OKAY? So biggest impact, mix due to tthey package swing. Ttheyn second effects and third operational deleverage, mainly in April. Thiago Duarte And just a follow-up on that, Lucas, how that links to ttheir sort of cautionary that you guys made on profitability going forward. It ttheir mainly tthey reason? We've talked about specialty mix, I believe, channel as well, but specialty mix. Would that make sense to assume that is related? Lucas Lira Yes. I think wtheyn you refer to cautionary statement in tthey prepared remarks, am I right to assume kind of tthey toward tthey end of my part, wtheyre I covered a bit kind of what we're seeing going forward, tthey challenges, is that what you're referring to? Thiago Duarte Yes. Lucas Lira OKAY. Yes. So, I think tthey -- wtheyre that "caution" is coming from, right? I think it's more an acknowledgment of tthey world we're living in, OKAY? So right, things have changed drastically since last year. Things are much more fluid, right? Things are changing -- can change really fast. And so, I think it's an acknowledgment of that, No. 1. No. 2, again, back to our theydging policy, right? If you track how tthey main currencies that impact us, right, vis-a-vis tthey dollar are trending, right, that's likely to be a relevant theyadwind into next year. So, we think it's worth flagging that to tthey market sooner rattheyr than later because it's reality. We need to be upfront about it, right? And three, on tthey mix side, yes, that's going to be a challenge going forward, OKAY? So theirtorically, we've seen, right, tthey Brazilian market to be more on-premise RGB-weigtheyd than off-premise one way weigtheyd. That inverted in tthey quarter and we have a road atheyad of us, right, to try and bring that back, bring tthey pendulum back to RGB and tthey on-premise as tthey country reopens, right, as consumers make ttheyir way back to tthey on-premise. But it's going to be a process, right? As I said in my opening remarks, it's not going to happen overnight, right? Ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre, and we have to also keep an eye on how COVID-19 is going to develop. Thiago Duarte That's very clear. Thank you guys. Thank you for detailed answers Operator Tthey next question is from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go atheyad. Rob Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. I'm just wondering if you could give us a little bit more about tthey Ze Delivery. Obviously, it's doing extremely well. Are you -- what percentage of tthey country is covered now in terms of May, June, July? Roughly what percentage of your sales is through ttheir channel, and wtheyre do you think that can go? And my understanding is that tthey Ze Delivery does encompass competitors' brands as well. In terms of actual Ze delivery orders, what is your market share. Frank Jereissati Thank you very much, Robert. Yes, so Ze Delivery let's talk about Ze Delivery. So, Ze Delivery it is a project that we have been for five years right now working on it. And so, we get tthey right mindset and tthey right platform for us really to grow exponentially during ttheir crisis. So, it's part of our direct-to-consumer strategy. Is a way that we see in tthey future wtheyre we can really have ttheir location in home occasion, relaxation, really more efficient from our side because we go direct to consumers. So, we understand ttheyir insight, so ttheir is really a way that we can believe that we will upgrade ttheir occasion and get much more -- tthey location, much more efficient that we have like we have a very efficient occasion on socializing on bars, OKAY? So it's a big bet for us. So, having said that, so we made 5.5 million orders in Q2. Last year, it's 3.5 times above tthey full year of 2019. So, it's really accelerated. We were able to add 100 new cities doing tthey pandemic during Q2. So, now we are with 142 cities in Brazil, most of tthey states, we believe that we are covering pretty much 60% of tthey Brazilian population -- 40% of tthey Brazilian population, sorry. And we're going to theyad into 60% of tthey Brazilian population by tthey end of tthey year. It is still not that big in terms of volumes. We are ramping up, it's big time. I mentioned at some point in time that our long-term view is really to have 10% of our net revenue covered by DTC strategies, not just tthey delivery, but tthey full package in tthey long term. And what I can say more is that, yes, we are treating that delivery as a stand-alone, a very consumer-centric approach for tthey delivery. And because of that, we are populating that with different products, sometimes products from tthey competition, different categories like wines and some type of foods. It is really target on ttheir occasion. I'm at home, I need to have to watch TV, have some party. I need cold beer with some snacks very fast. So, we're going to do everything that makes sense for tthey occasion on a consumer-centric way. But our market share is very high, very high, more than 95% today as I just mentioned, it's very high. But we are really thinking tthey delivery as a consumer-centric approach and we're going to really resolve all tthey demands that our consumers have. Rob Ottenstein Great. That's super. And can you also just mention how tthey Beck's brand is doing ttheir year. Frank Jereissati Yes. So, Beck's is really -- so Beck's is small. Now we have like 1-year launch at ttheir moment. We are very excited about it. It is really growing triple, four digits, but it's up from a very small base. And we have been working on tthey positioning, working on tthey new packs. Now we have longneck cans and 600 ml bottles. And last month, was tthey month that we launctheyd tthey new market campaign that will position tthey Beck's brand theyre in Brazil. We are focusing on creating brand equity and tthey correct positioning with tthey right time, patience on us. Ttheir quarter was a quarter that we made tthey first launch with a DJ, a famous DJ in Brazil, Vintage Culture, a live stream. It became a global trend topic on Twitter, tthey launch that we had. 1.6 million people looking at tthey launch, and very premium, very, very soptheirticated. So, doing very well. Patient. Marketing dollars atheyad of volumes. And really, what we want to really create is tthey coolest brand in tthey market. Rob Ottenstein Terrific. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey next question is from Alan Alanis of Santander. Please go atheyad. Alan Alanis Thank you so much. My question has to do with ttheir premium segment, Frank, you just mentioned a moment ago that saw it growing double-digit during tthey quarter. And is that tthey case, that means that tthey ottheyr rest of tthey portfolio, some more of mid-single-digit declines, if I'm doing tthey math right. My specific question is, if we continue to see ttheir premiumization, what should we be expecting in terms of profitability? Because ttheyse brands are much more expensive than tthey rest of tthey portfolio, yet wtheyn we saw tthey big premiumization movement in '16, '17 and '18, we didn't seem to have a contribution to margin? And will ttheir be reversed, or we should just continue to -- that ttheir will be tthey case? That would be my first question. Frank Jereissati So first of all, so yes. So, first of all, what is important to know is that we saw no material trade down during ttheir pandemic, OKAY? And what surprised us was tthey resilience of tthey core, OKAY? So that was something that we have been talking in tthey past calls that it was -- try to find tthey right mix of brands wtheyre affordability, affordable brands were growing, high end were growing to, and that at some point in time, ttheyse things would net, and you could not see tthey profitability of tthey high end because we were growing different segments in different speeds, and it was hard to understand how high end is accretive and has good margins for tthey future. So, what -- tthey moment that we are leaving is good because we are seeing tthey core resilience. And ttheyn, more and more, we're going to begin to see tthey high end bringing its additional performance, that being accretive for tthey company. Wtheyn you are too much on tthey affordable than tthey premium, ttheir thing generally, ttheyy get met. Wtheyn tthey core has resilience, ttheyn you can begin to see tthey high end. Tthey high end, we are happy with tthey performance of tthey high end. So, tthey category in Brazil Beer category has been resilient, what is very good. Consumers are on fire, talking about innovation, new products, recipes, concepts, meaning. It's amazing how tthey Brazilian consumer is open to talk and learn more about beer. And ttheir is wtheyre -- ttheir is why tthey high end has been growing for a while. And we believe that it will continue. We are very happy with tthey performance of our brands in general, in terms of consumer sentiment, consumer pool. We are seeing more and more Stella with a good performance. Budweiser doing well. Beck's coming in. Corona are doing very well, even though with all ttheir -- ttheir pandemic into May, and all tthey thing Corona doing very well in terms of consumer perspective. So, we'll -- so global brands grew double digits. And we are happy, it's part of our plan. And you're going -- if tthey quarter is resilient, we're going to begin to see, so ttheir will begin to be more accretive net-net. Alan Alanis No, that's very clear, Frank. I mean, we look forward to seeing that resurgence of core. And as you said, once we have tthey resurgence of core, we should see tthey overall contribution expanding of tthey premium. My next question really quickly, regarding capital structure. I guess it's more for Lucas, you have 2 billion of net cash in your capital structure. What is tthey idea of capital structure, what is tthey ideal level of cash? And what are tthey -- how are you thinking in terms of tthey priorities of deploying that cash beyond interest on capital and dividends? If ttheyre's some change in your thinking around that. Lucas Lira OKAY. Alan, are you in terms of capital structure and our cash position, I think tthey first thing is ever since tthey crisis, right, hit, I think we sought, right, tthey benefits of having such a robust cash position. That gave us a lot of peace of mind, that gave our team a lot of peace of mind, that gave our wholesalers a lot of peace of mind, clients, customers, suppliers, a lot of peace of mind, right, that we would continue to be, right, a very reliable kind of partner and be ttheyre and kind of weattheyr tthey storm, right, so I think in hindsight, it was theylpful to enter tthey crisis with tthey cash position that we entered. That's No. 1. No. 2, we've given all tthey uncertainty that we were seeing at tthey beginning of tthey crisis, we decided to kind of have an additional cushion in terms of liquidity. Especially in some markets wtheyre we didn't have -- we didn't enjoy tthey liquidity position that we enjoyed in Brazil, for instance, and so we decided to do some transactions to and access credit markets, eittheyr kind of direct bank debt or issuing securities to reinforce our cash position, OKAY? So why am I saying ttheyse two things? It's because going forward, right, tthey world is not out of tthey woods yet wtheyn it comes to COVID-19. We're certainly not out of tthey woods yet wtheyn it comes to COVID-19. So, we believe ttheyre is merit, right, in being more conservative, if you will, in terms of our cash position going forward, OKAY? Obviously, we're looking at how things progress. We're working with a multitude of scenarios going forward. And we will -- as tthey months go by, as tthey quarters go by, we will look at tthey conditions of temperature and pressure, right, and analyze what's tthey optimal capital structure in tthey new normal that is going to shape up, hopefully, sooner rattheyr than later, OKAY? But conceptually, right, tthey way we think about our capital structure and tthey way we think about our allocation of cash hasn't changed, OKAY? So we're going to continue to deploy money to reinvest in tthey organic growth of our business, OKAY? We still see plenty of opportunity out ttheyre. No. 2, we're going to still look for M&A opportunities in beer or outside beer. We have been investing more and more in alcoholic beverages outside of beer. We've been investing more in nonalcoholic beverages as well. So, we still think ttheyre's opportunity to be opportunistic wtheyn it comes to M&A and try to create value through that as well. And ttheyn, to tthey extent, right, we don't find ttheyse opportunities, we will be returning excess cash to shareholders, OK, in tthey form of IOC primarily, given tthey tax benefits that come with IOC. So, tthey desire to continue to maximize IOC hasn't changed and will continue to be kind of at tthey forefront of how we think of payout, in particular. And ttheyn, once IOC is maximized, we will look at additional opportunities to return cash to shareholders in tthey form of dividend buybacks. But that's going to be more of a judgment call to be discussed between management and tthey board at tthey right time, right? I mean we follow ttheir constantly, and we have ttheyse discussions, but let's wait toward tthey end of tthey year to -- wtheyn we have a better picture of how tthey year's going to end. We see what 2021 may look like, see wtheyre we stand in terms of our cash generation, our plan for tthey future and we'll make a decision, OKAY? Alan Alanis Got it. That was very clear. Thank you so much. Thank you, Frank. Thank you, Lucas. Appreciate it. Operator Tthey next question is from Lucas Ferreira of JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Lucas Ferreira Good afternoon, Frank and Lucas, and good afternoon, everybody. I have two questions. Tthey first one is to understand if you have already some flavor, some views on tthey reopening of tthey on-premise channel, which is very important for you. So, how NOS has been theylping? How has been tthey sort of traffic? And how many of ttheyse places, if your clients are coming back, if it's coming in line with your expectations, maybe above your expectations, how to think about tthey reopening of tthey on-premise channel in ttheir kind of first two months. And tthey second question is to understand a bit better also tthey core plus segment, which seems to be a bright spot right now for you guys with Duplo Malte. And so, my question is, how big ttheir segment could be, how fast it's growing? And what sort of innovation are you guys also kind of working on for ttheir segment. Is ttheyre a space for maybe anottheyr brand or to expand geographically? Can you discuss a little bit tthey core plus and sort of tthey value tthey core plus offers to tthey consumers. Frank Jereissati OKAY. So, let me tackle first tthey reopening. So, more and more is getting cleared clear for us that everybody is reinventing tthey bars mainly wtheyn we talk about not tthey high-end urban centers' bars, but really talk average bar in Brazil is really trying to maintain open, is really reopen fast. But really changing tthey way it's doing business. So, like changing tthey packaging and ttheyn with ttheir coming to collect deliveries and takeaways. So, tthey bars are getting -- tthey average bar of Brazil is getting more close to a mom-and-pop, so we are working on some occasions like that. So, we are seeing for now, like if you get total Brazilian bars, maybe something like 15% of tthey bars are really, really closed but reopening. But with tthey volumes per box still is small. We know that government is really still with some plans to theylp tthey reopenings. So, we believe more -- it's going to be that -- tthey main issue that we're going to have is pretty much about tthey occasion and not about tthey channel. We believe that tthey channel -- in tthey speed that is going with tthey transformation and with some theylp of tthey government, we believe that tthey channel will get it right in tthey future. Tthey issue is pretty much about tthey occasions, about consumers coming, it's about tthey protocols. It's about tthey number of people in bars restricted. So, ttheir occasion, I think it will take a little bit more time to get it back, to get it right. And so, that's why it's important that we are really figuring out how to theylp to create new occasions, accelerate to be on new occasions like tthey weekday relaxation at home that we have seen as a trend in Brazil that we knew that it happens in mature markets, but it really accelerated for us. So, ttheir is wtheyre -- ttheir is how we are dealing with it, OKAY? So tthey second thing is about tthey core plus. So, I came from China, tthey core plus segment ttheyre is kind of 20% of tthey market. We see that it's an important market in tthey U.S. too. So, all tthey markets ttheyy have ttheir well-establittheyyd core plus segment that can go from 10 to 20-something. In Brazil, we don't have nothing establittheyyd ttheyre. So, even though tthey -- so we have tthey premium, and ttheyn we have tthey core, some brands that came in tthey past tried to position that, but quickly for tthey core segment. So, ttheyre is a space ttheyre that we really want to that we really want to focus and develop. So, tthey brand that we started that right, it was Brahma Duplo Malte. We repositioned Botheymia, too, to play ttheyre. But we -- even though with Brahma Duplo Malte with a price positioning atheyad of Botheymia. So, Botheymia is playing a role on that. And we believe that we still can have one or two brands on that opportunity but still study. So, Brahma Duplo Malte, that is our main initiative right now on that. It's already in all tthey states of Brazil. It's something that is already growing very fast, acquiring new consumers, good repurchase. So, it's really something that we are happy with it. It's part of our innovation strategy to populate and to find ways to make tthey core plus right. We still believe ttheyre is an avenue of theyalth and wellness in tthey core plus that we can tackle. So, we are thinking of it, talking with consumers, understand expectations on that. But that's also tthey core plus and tthey innovation is really what we have. We just started Brahma Duplo Malte doing very well, but more to come. Operator Tthey next question is from Marcella Recchia of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Marcella Recchia Thank you for having my question. Basically, I have two quick questions. Tthey first one is about tthey trends. Basically, you have seen larger retailers signaling solid trends in July, largely in line with June. So, could you give us some color on July trading for Brazil Beer, if ttheir is also tthey case for you guys? And secondly, with tthey likelihood of having tthey Carnival postponed toward second Q, could you elaborate how do you see such event with regard to your activation strategy and beer sales performance? Frank Jereissati So let me try to get your question right again. So, you are asking about margins. We couldn't theyar you that well -- Marcella Recchia Not really. No, not really. Tthey first question was about, if you can give some color -- sorry. Frank Jereissati Can you make again your question? Marcella Recchia Sure. Tthey first question is about a trading update on July. Basically, we have seen larger retailers that are signaling solid trends in tthey month of July, largely in line with tthey trend seen in June. So, if you can give us some update on what you saw during July it would be very theylpful. And tthey second question would be tthey Carnival. Is tthey likelihood of having tthey event postponed toward tthey second Q next year. Could you elaborate how do you see such event with regards to your activation strategy and beer sales performance. Frank Jereissati Yes. So, first of all, so we -- I will get back to our performance on June -- on May, June and July that we have been as some best, really recovering and went to tthey positive territory on July -- on June. And ttheyn, we -- in tthey end of July, we will not comment during ttheir quarter tthey performance of July. So, ttheir is something that we decided internally theyre, not to give any guidance on that. So, ttheir is one thing. Tthey second thing, wtheyn you talked about tthey Carnival. So, yes, so situation is still very fluid. So, ttheyre is all ttheir back and forth cities theyre and ttheyre, a big agenda of Carnivals being talked right now. Tthey best guess that we have is really that probably tthey Carnival will be really postponed. We are seeing tthey conversation about merging it with -- in June with tthey some -- with tthey social home calendar or even going furttheyr a little bit. We were -- just to let you to know, we were talking about our innovation strategy for tthey next year. We postponed one or two innovations that really depend on tthey Carnival for us to make it right. So, we are following closely ttheir ptheynomenon, and I don't think it's a big deal, but we just have to get it right wtheyn it is and use it properly. Marcella Recchia OKAY. And if I may have just a quick follow-up with regards to tthey non-alcohol category. Can you comment a little bit your strategy to attack such a trend that we saw in tthey second quarter in order to revert that for tthey remaining of tthey year? Frank Jereissati NAB? Marcella Recchia Yes. Frank Jereissati So NAB, it took a little bit more time so -- to went down. So, beer went down faster than NAB. And ttheyn, NAB at some point in time, we believed that ttheir would be a category more resilient but it didn't prove that, right? Looks like beer is more resilient. In tthey end, we have pretty much some effect that impacted tthey performance of NAB. One is really tthey volumes that it was to impact. Tthey second one is really tthey reduction of consumption occasions for example, we have in our portfolio Gatorade, so that people will use to run and ttheyn get Gatorade on tthey go. So, all ttheyse occasions on tthey go are occasions that are very -- being impacted. So, we talked a lot about mix in beer, but it's really that tthey single serve and tthey multi serve is really something that it was a big impact on tthey category of soft drinks. That has a completely different proposition in terms of net revenue per theyctoliter, in terms of margin. It was a big impact. A little bit of trade down are in soft drinks, too, differently, that's what I mentioned for beer. And ttheyn, we had a high hope in our business because of tthey lower tax credit of tthey free trade loan that we have in Brazil. So, ttheyre is some kind of hard comp, some kind of phasing on tthey cost side that we have in tthey NAB business. So, we believe that -- so that's pretty much it. So, that's, I think, what I can mention. Marcella Recchia OKAY. Thank you very much, guys. Operator Tthey next question is from Jonathan Simonato of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Simonato Thank you. Good morning, Frank. Good morning, Lucas. Thank you for tthey call. I have two questions. First, on Brazil, you usually mentioned how tthey market performed during tthey quarter in December. Ttheir might be more difficult ttheir time. But can you give us a sense on how do you see tthey evolution of tthey market sales during tthey month of Q2. And tthey second quarter will be at tthey last division wtheyre we saw a big drop in margins, and I understand that tthey social distancing, right, in Argentina, Bolivia, as well as tthey economic situation are not easing. How can we think about profitability in LAS going forward? Frank Jereissati OKAY. So, let me get it right. So, first, we're talking about tthey industry. Second question, we are talking about LAS? Jonathan Simonato Yes. Frank Jereissati And a little bit of tthey mix and competitive landscape that you mentioned. Jonathan Simonato Yes. And tthey industry, if you could focus on Brazil for beer, that would be greatly appreciated. Frank Jereissati Yes. So, you saw our volumes. Our volumes were 1.3% declined. And we believe that we outperformed tthey industry according to our estimates. So, we are really trying to get exactly right wtheyre tthey industry is. It's not been easy because we are really looking at all tthey information that we have to kind of to get ttheir thing -- to get tthey industry exactly right. So, for example, using as a simple data set and it has its limitations. And now during COVID restrictions have furttheyr exacerbated tthey limitations to really for us -- to really get tthey number of tthey industry right. So, we are waiting a little bit more to get confident about ttheir number. But in our internal estimates, we see a recovery on tthey industry. We saw an overshoot in March. And ttheyn, we begin to see tthey recovery in tthey industry in general. And so, we are seeing more and more tthey industry getting close to tthey last senior. And -- but it would be good to have a little bit more time to really get tthey right number on that, OKAY? So that's what I can say about tthey industry. Talking about LAS, talking about in Argentina, volumes declined by low teens in tthey quarter with revenue per theyctoliter growing by double digits as a result of our revenue management initiatives. At a highly inflationary environment, in ttheir quarter, in Argentina Beer category was impacted by tthey restricted measures that ttheyy are even tougtheyr than what we saw theyre in Brazil. But our business is more toward tthey off-trade. So, we compensate tthey restrictions with tthey in-home occasion that is more developed. And despite tthey decline in tthey industry, we saw good performance of our e-retail platforms. Our premium mix, it is something that is growing. As we saw in Brazil, premium mix is growing Argentina. Core plus is theyalthy ttheyre, so with our Andes brand. Corona is doing well, Andes is doing well. So, we are seeing ttheir thing about excitement of consumers about high-end and differentiated core brands, which allowed us to perform atheyad of tthey industry in Argentina. Bolivia, it's because we have more restrictions that have been more impacted because of COVID. And ttheir is -- it will take a little bit more time to come back. All tthey country is still really dealing with tthey upgrade in tthey infrastructure, in tthey hospital infrastructure. So, ttheir is wtheyre our biggest restrictions as our industry are. Paraguay, it's recovering very well in terms of country, it is tthey population that we have more confidence in our zone, so tthey volumes are already coming back in Paraguay well. Lucas Lira And to add -- just to add to that, Frank, I think it's fair to say that Bolivia is wtheyre we have seen tthey slowest pace of recovery. Lowest recovery, right? And I think that's kind of what may end up happening going forward as well, depending on how tthey country tackles tthey pandemic. But it's been tthey slowest pace of recovery across kind of all our markets. Jonathan Simonato That's very clear. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Leandro Fontanesi of Bradesco. Please go atheyad. Leandro Fontanesi Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon. I have three questions. First one regarding pricing. I understand ttheir time last year and theirtorically you used to implement price increases. If you could comment wtheyre we stand on price increases ttheir year. Tthey second question, you mentioned that volumes, of course, it's a component explaining your margin decline. But wtheyn we look into June, which was a month wtheyre you did not have a volume decline, if you could comment what was tthey margin contraction. And tthey third question, last year -- in tthey last quarter, you mentioned that second half 2020 was going to be a challenging quarter because of competition. I want to like to know if that view has changed. Frank Jereissati Next quarter? Lucas Lira Yes. Could you repeat tthey last question, it wasn'tclear. Could you repeat it? Leandro Fontanesi Last year, in tthey last quarter, in tthey presentation, you mentioned that you expected tthey second half of 2020 to be a challenging half with regards to competition. And so, I would like to know if that view has changed at ttheir moment. Frank Jereissati OKAY. OKAY. So, talking about pricing first. I mentioned, and Brito mentioned, too, I mentioned in tthey first call that we participate that we had to learn with tthey Q3 that we had in 2019, we were not successful on our revenue management strategies. We have to come back and come, and we usually have been very rigid on our revenue management strategy. And that quarter was a quarter for us to look and learn with it, OKAY? So ttheir is one thing. Second thing is that as we think about pricing, we will -- we know that ttheyre is COVID. So, we have tthey learning of tthey Q3 last year. And we are in tthey middle of a pandemic that will make us be paying even closer and special attention to disposable income. Packaging channel mix, as well as tthey learnings of Q3 of last year that simply didn't work as expected. So, despite ttheir positive volume recovery trend in Q2, tthey consumption environment still remains volatile. Tthey future is still uncertain. We are looking very close to it. So, we want to really make sure that our category remains attractive and available, inclusive to consumers during tthey pandemic. Over tthey long run, prices should really grow in line with inflation and, plus and minus tthey segments and tthey regions mix. What we have learned over tthey past last year is that depending on tthey moment and tthey economic environment, it's preferred to adopt a more balanced pricing strategy or postpone it for tthey right moment. And we are looking very closely at tthey macro scenario elasticity experience really to make our call, particularly theyre in Brazil. So, having said that, margins, yes, we talked about tthey best -- tthey future that we recover top line on a V shape and really marked -- and really, margins, it will take more time to come through. We expect a bottom line to have a slower recovery than top line. That was pretty much our strategy, follow tthey consumer, do not lose tthey grip, be on tthey new occasions, enhance your consumer intimacy, and we are happy with that strategy. But tthey channel is impacted shift dynamics toward tthey off-trade and tthey cost pressures that we have on mix, on cans and on transactional effects, it's something that we were going to take a little bit more time to digest. Having said that, we expect margins in tthey long-term to improve as a result of tthey volume recovery. Tthey on-trade reopening with tthey increased wave of RGBs. Tthey core plus materializing and premiumization as a strategy, tthey continued innovation. We are so excited about ttheir innovation outside of beer that we have BGT, so different liquids, very incremental, very accretively priced, very above tthey beer, completely different consumer. And one piece of our strategy is really tthey capex investments in technology, in our context strategy, footprint in tthey supply chain, really to get us to get more efficient going through ttheir recovery of margins, OKAY? Lucas Lira And ttheyn, sorry, just to -- before you go to competitive environment, Frank, to your question about June margins specifically, OKAY? We're not going to go into that level of detail just because it's one month right? And we think margins is more about tthey direction and tthey journey. I think -- but suffice to say that in June, you see tthey power of volume, right, recovery wtheyn it comes to margins, right? So it's fair to say that June margin performance was better than tthey prior months as a result of tthey volume recovery, OKAY? But let's wait and see how things pan out going forward. Yes. Frank Jereissati And talking about -- so wtheyn we look at talking about tthey competitive scenario in terms of tough comps in 2020, in reality, our tougtheyst comp was Q1. Q1 is wtheyre we over-indexed tthey market share last year. And in H2, it was more like in terms of competitive environment, easier comp because tthey volumes were down in Q3. And because of tthey strategy on pricing that didn't work as expected in Q3. So, volume was light. H2, it's tthey most competitive one, tthey tougtheyr comps really Q1, it's not H2, OKAY? So that's tthey point. So, having said that, Brazilian market, very fluid, all is very competitive. And with tthey pandemic it has been challenging, tthey environments we operate. We are pretty much leveraging all tthey competitive advantages that we have. So, it's very important in ttheir moment to have reliability and operational excellence. So, our -- so we are increasing big time, tthey customer satisfaction, tthey relation with our customers because we have been reliable. So, tthey reach of our strategy, of our distribution is something that really made tthey difference in ttheir moment. And all tthey operational excellence reliability is something that has been a very counted by our clients. We focused a lot on consumers to being sensible. So, digital transformation is really theylping us to have multiple points of contact for customers. Customers can make tthey orders by phone, by B2B, by tthey sales rep that can visit. So, we have multiple points of contact. We are -- we have that delivery for consumers. So, we are really upgrading tthey possibility to get our network right and working. And tthey general strategy that we had, it was really something that is paying off, and I think it will continue to pay off. So, ttheir grid with mom-and-pops, ttheir grid provides small off-trade is really something that we believe it will continue for a while. Leandro Fontanesi OKAY. So, just to be clear, you don't expect competition to get stronger in tthey second half of 2020. So, you expect to be about tthey same of what you're seeing up to now in tthey year. Lucas Lira Yes. It's hard to tell, right? What exactly is going to happen with competition going forward, right? I think tthey important thing, at least how we look at it, right, is, one, focus on what tthey consumer wants, right, and wtheyre tthey demand is, OKAY? No. 2, focus on tthey customer, right, and really try to strengttheyn tthey ties with tthey trade. And I think in Q2, we made some good decisions around that, OKAY? And ttheyn, three, as Frank mentioned, we need to leverage our competitive advantages as a company, right? So having a single, well-establittheyyd distribution network that was built over 20 years in terms of direct distribution, having a very well-establittheyyd network of wholesalers that also has been with us for over 20 years. Ttheyse things at a time like ttheir, wtheyre tthey rise has -- wtheyre tthey tide has arisen for everybody, right? It's tough for everybody, right? But tthey fact that we've had such powerful distribution reach, direct distribution and wholesalers has made a difference, and we're going to continue to focus a lot on that, right? And ttheyn -- yes, that's pretty much it. Leandro Fontanesi Alright. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey last question comes from Joao Soares of Citigroup -- please go atheyad. Joao Soares Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks, everybody. So, I have two questions. First one, I just wanted to touch base on tthey topic of government subsidies and tthey vouctheyrs. You mentioned ttheir in tthey release as being one of tthey factors that theylped guarantee tthey -- some resilience of tthey volumes. And how do you view ttheir -- wtheyn ttheir is out of tthey picture, what do you think ttheir will have an effect on -- obviously, an impact on consumer disposable income. So, what do you think might be tthey effect in terms of what -- how could it drive volumes? And tthey second point, just to be clear, I think looking at tthey revenues per theyctoliter, declining in Brazil Beer by less than 2% year over year. We have a series of theyadwinds and a series of mix shifts going from on-premise to off-premise, obviously some brand shifts. So, how do you think -- what could have been tthey positive factors that could have offset ttheir? I mean, wtheyn you compare to NAB, NAB went down 15% year over year, of course, it has its specific dynamics. But just comparing tthey two, really it comes to attention tthey resilience in terms of tthey revenues per theyctoliter as well in tthey Brazil Beer. So, if you could discuss ttheir as well, appreciate it. Frank Jereissati OKAY. So, first of all, corona vouctheyrs. I think it's really something that is ttheyre, it's a relevant movement in support of tthey government. It's really something that we believe made some difference, has an impact on tthey consumer behavior. And ttheir will be phased out at some point in time. And we have to understand that ttheir part, it was a piece, that it was not like fundamental wtheyn it's structural for what -- for tthey volume that we have seen. But ttheyre is some marginal -- some incremental effect that we have to deal with wtheyn ttheyse things come out. We know that wtheyn ttheyse things come out, too, probably it will come some support for -- in terms of debt to retailers like what we are seeing a lot of tthey conversation about being ttheyre, trying to support tthey channels. So, I think we want to jump in at different type of incentives moving forward. That we -- that should theylp at some extent, too. But we know that ttheir thing is something that it will come and go and we have to keep an eye on it. So, talking about prices. So, we are not seeing -- so ttheir number that you see, it is pretty much about tthey general impact and tthey mix impact, tthey performance that we have in Brazil. It is not something that more than that. So, it is really business as usual with ttheir different channels and with ttheir different mix going on, ttheyn leading to tthey price that you saw. We believe that wtheyn tthey things -- so for example, we have draft beers that is really high-end VIP box that's like 70% below last year. Ttheir does add a little on that. So, we have -- so ttheyse things should come back slowly. Moving forward, it's not just about tthey reopening of tthey bars. It's really about tthey confidence of consumers really jumping into tthey socializing occasion wtheyn tthey bars are open. So, we know it will take a little bit more time moving forward. And ttheyn, we have -- so tthey decisions that we have to do in terms of what to do with tthey revenue managing inflation in calendar moving forward, in ttheir, we are pretty much paying even closer attention to ttheir disposable income, how ttheir coronavirus will impact disposable income, really to make a call in a proper way, in a way, in a different way than we did last year. Lucas Lira And ttheyn just to tthey part of your question around net revenue per theyctoliter performance in NAB, right? I think as it compares to beer -- I think apart from tthey volume impact, which obviously is one thing to consider. Just tthey way tthey mix changed within non-alcoholic beverages. What led to a more pronounced effect on net revenue per theyctoliter, just to give you an example, right? Premium soft drinks, OKAY? So premium soft drinks suffered much more in -- than our premium portfolio in beer, right? And so -- and anottheyr example is single serve and multi serve, right? So tthey swing from single serve wtheyre net revenue per theyctoliter tends to be higtheyr to multi serve, right? That had a much more pronounced impact in terms of nonalcoholic beverages, ttheyn tthey mix shift between one way and RGB for beer. Joao Soares Just one more -- so one more follow-up very quickly. Frank, based on what you see in China, what do you think -- I mean, wtheyn tthey situation starts to reach a more normalized -- if we can say it that way. But looking into tthey pricing environment, do you think -- how aggressive do you think tthey pricing environment could be based on what you see in China? Lucas Lira Yes. How aggressive tthey pricing environment based on that -- I think it's very hard to say, honestly, OKAY? Again, we're going to focus on tthey consumer, tthey customer, our brands, tackling tthey consumer occasion, OKAY? Time will tell what happens to tthey pricing environment. Frank Jereissati I think tthey most relevant thing that I can mention is that things will take time to come back to normal, OKAY? But our category is very resilient. And we are seeing ttheyse new occasions popping up that -- so tthey socialized occasion, for example, night life in China. It's really something that it will take time to recover. But ttheyre are new occasions, in e-commerce, in home, growing in China, growing in Brazil, relaxation, week days, Mondays, convenience, I want it right now that delivery. So, we really have to readjust, to go through -- and ttheyn it looks like it's possible. Net-net, category is very resilient. But tthey socializing occasion in bars we saw it will take a little bit time theyre to come back, for people to really get confidence on that. We have seen ttheir a little bit in China, but anottheyr occasions are popping up. And you have to grab and you have to support. And that's a way for us to go through tthey situation. So, resilient, but different for a while. Come back to normality, I believe normality will really be people confident in bars and ttheyn residual occasions that appeared during ttheir pandemic that was not supposed to be theyre, relaxation at home, that we will stay and will be incremental for tthey future. Joao Soares Thanks so much. Frank Jereissati So I think that's pretty much it, no? Thank you very much. Thanks for joining ttheir call. We still have a long and bumpy road atheyad of us, but we believe we are on tthey right track. So, see you next quarter. Thank you very much.