Ambev-Companhia de Bebidas das Americas (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Ricardo Rittes – Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Bernardo Paiva – Chief Executive Officer Analysts Mark Simonato – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Luca Cipiccia – Goldman Sachs Antonio Gonzalez – Credit Suisse Pedro Leduc – JP Morgan Harold Torres – UBS Robert Ottenstein – Evercore ISI Tristan van Strien – Redburn Partners Alex Robarts – Citi Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev’s third quarter of 2017 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev and Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev’s management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today’s call are both organic and normalized in nature. And unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to tthey comparisons with tthey Q3 2016 results. Normalized figures refer to tthey performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I’ll turn tthey conference over to Mr Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr Rittes, you may begin your conference. Ricardo Rittes Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2017 third quarter earnings call. I will guide you through our operational highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below tthey line items and cash flow. After that Bernardo will give more details about our performance in Brazil. Starting with tthey main highlights of our results in tthey third quarter. Ttheir quarter, we reactheyd an inflection point after four quarters of consolidated EBITDA decline, driven by a solid performance in most of our market. On a consolidated basis, top line was up 9.6%, as volumes decline of 2% was more than offset by a net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 11.7%. EBITDA was up 16.8%, reaching BRL 4.6 billion with an EBITDA margin expansion of 220 basis points to 14.1%. Excluding tthey impacts of tthey Brazilian Federal tax regularization program, net profit was up BRL 3.2 billion, which is 1.2% higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2016 as EBITDA organic growth and tthey reduction of net financial expenses were partially impacted by first, tthey negative effect of currency translation driven by depreciation of tthey Brazilian Real and second, a higtheyr tax rate. Cash flow from operating activities was BRL 4.6 billion. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities totaled BRL 9 billion comparing to BRL 4.4 billion in tthey same period of 2016, which is an increase of 103.4%. Also during ttheir quarter, Brazil, our most important market, resumed growth. Our results in tthey country benefited from a strong performance from our beer business that delivered an EBITDA increase of 25.7% with a margin expansion of 540 basis point. Such a result was partially impacted by a decline in CSD&NANC EBITDA. Bernardo will expand on ttheir topic. Now looking at our operational results into more details and starting with Brazil. Net revenue Brazil was up 9.7% in tthey quarter and EBITDA totaled BRL 2.4 billion with an EBITDA margin expansion of 260 basis points, reaching 39.4%. Beer Brazil top line was up 9.6% as volumes decline of 5.4% was more than offset by a robust net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 16.8% driven by our revenue management initiatives implemented during tthey quarter. Beer EBITDA grew by 25.7% within a margin expansion of 540 basis points. Brazil CSD&NANC top line was up 10.2%, benefited from a slightly higtheyr volumes, coupled with tthey net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 9.6% due to our revenue management initiatives implemented in tthey second quarter of 2017 and a positive mix. CSD&NANC EBITDA declined by 33.2% with tthey margin contraction of 1,460 basis points to 22.5%. Brazil cash COGS was up 0.9% and on a per theyctoliter basis, up 5%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter growth was theyavily impacted by ttheir CSD and NANC businesses, in which cash COGS per theyctoliter increased by 26.3% due to one; sugar, which represents about 25% of CSD&NANC cost, sugar price increase of around 60% in tthey second half of 2016 is fully impacting us now. For reference, sugar price in tthey third quarter of 2017 was up BRL 19.2 per buttheyyl versus BRL 12.6 per buttheyyl in tthey third quarter of 2016. Second, inflation and third, a negative mix due to high weight of cans during ttheir quarter. Ttheir year’s sugar price impact on our profitability is temporary and we would decelerate as of tthey fourth quarter before becoming a positive driver [indiscernible]. For reference, cane price for October 2017 is around BRL 0.16 per buttheyyl. Finally, we confirm our previous guidance that we expect cash COGS per theyctoliter in Brazil to be flattish to low single digit up in tthey second half of 2017. Brazil cash SG&A was up 1.9%, below inflation as a result of higtheyr administrative expenses partially offset by lower distribution and sales and marketing expense, which benefited from cost savings in our non-working money and phasing and efficiency gains in our working money. Moving now for our international operations. Our international operations delivered once again solid results with exception of Canada wtheyre our performance was theyavily affected by weak summer season that led to an industry decline of low single digits. In CAC, on tthey ottheyr hand, our EBITDA increased by more than 30% with anottheyr quarter of robust margin expansion also benefiting from synergy resulting from tthey integration of our operation in Panama. And in LAS, we continue to have a great volume momentum especially in Argentina as a result of an improved macro environment leading to top line and EBITDA growth of more than 20%. Going into more detail of our operational results in each region. Starting with Central America and tthey Caribbean, in tthey third quarter, net revenue in CAC increased by 7.5% and by 6.1% on a per theyctoliter basis. EBITDA reactheyd BRL 474 million increasing organically by 31.6% with a margin expansion of 840 basis point to 40.8%. In U.S. dollars. reported EBITDA grew more than 35%. Year-to-date top line in CAC was up 6.6% and EBITDA up 22.7% with margin expansion of 160 basis points to 38.2%. Organic volumes were flattish in tthey third quarter impacted by a severe hurricane season. On a reported basis, volumes grew by 23.8% benefiting from tthey recent swap of assets carried out with ABI and our operations in Panama. Tthey integration of Panama continues as planned with synergies and cost savings of more than $10 million captured year-to-date. Our business in tthey country is also delivering a great performance with our portfolio growing at a fast pace translating into market share gain. I would also like to highlight that our results in CAC include no forecasted expenses and write-offs made in connection with tthey hurricanes that affected tthey region and that ttheyy were fully recognized during ttheir third quarter. As you know, in September, tthey region was theyavily hit by hurricane. In Dominican, tthey hurricanes severely damaged most of tthey beauty of tthey island which included our brewery. Tthey island was also left without electricity and communication. Tthey Dominican Republic, our most important market in CAC also suffered significant impact. While none of our employees have suffered severe injuries, we worked togettheyr with authorities to support tthey local communities with an emergency relief using our distribution network and donating bottled water, juices, milk and construction materials. Going forward, we are resolved to initiate tthey reconstruction of our facilities in Dominican to restart our business in tthey island as soon as possible. Along with that, we will keep pursuing significant top line and EBITDA margin opportunities in CAC and remain very enthusiastic with tthey development of our business in tthey region especially in Panama. In Latin America South, top line was up 21.3% in tthey quarter with net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 16.1%. EBITDA was up 22.8% in tthey quarter reaching BRL 1.1 billion with an EBITDA margin expansion of 60 basis points to 45.3%. Volumes grew 4.5% in tthey quarter as tthey softness of tthey CSD&NANC industry in tthey region was more than offset by strong performance from one, beer volumes in Argentina that grew double digits supported by tthey overall improvement in macroeconomic environment and favorable weattheyr; second, Paraguay, due to tthey continued success of our 340 ml returnable glass bottle strategy; and third, our high-end portfolio that is delivering strong performance led by our global brand that are growing double digits year-to-date. I would like also to emphasize that ttheyy’re very pleased that our volume performance ttheir quarter enable us to achieve all-time high volume mark for beer in tthey third quarter in LAS. Year-to-date top line in LAS grew by 27.7% and EBITDA was up 24.2% with a margin contraction of 120 basis points to 42.7%. Going forward, we Going forward, we have confidence in our ability to continue to deliver solid results in tthey region being particularly excited with tthey recovery of beer volumes in Argentina. Turning now to Canada, we delivered in tthey third quarter BRL 799 million of EBITDA, 1.3% lower than in tthey third quarter of 2016 with an EBITDA margin compression of 180 basis points to 34.6%. Top line declined by 3.6% with net revenue per theyctoliter declining by 0.7% primarily impacted by negative mix. Volumes were down 2.9% in tthey quarter driven by tthey industry contraction that was theyavily impacted by a weak summer season. In spite of tthey challenging environment, we maintain our great market share momentum as our main brands performed particularly well led by one, Bud Light that remained as tthey fastest growing brand in Canada coupled with Bud Light Radler, a strong brand extension meant for a non-traditional beer occasion; and second, Stella Artois that is steadily growing. Year-to-date, top line in Canada was flattish wtheyre our EBITDA increased by 1.8% with margin expansion of 70 basis points to 33.5%. Going forward, we remain committed to strive towards an improved performance in tthey country supported by our great market share momentum and by our portfolio of brands. Now, back to consolidated figures. Ottheyr operating income totaled BRL 264 million in tthey third quarter compared to BRL 342 million in tthey same period of 2016 mainly explained by government grants related to State VAT long-term tax incentives that were down year-over-year due to VAT government grants agreements that have expired by tthey end of 2016. And now moving below EBITDA. In tthey third quarter, net financial results were an expense of BRL 675 million including tthey exceptional finance expense of BRL 141 million paid in connection with tthey Brazilian Federal Tax Regularization Program. Excluding such exceptional expense, net financial result totaled an expense of BRL 534 million versus an expense of BRL 723 million in tthey same period of last year, which is a decline of 26%. Going to more details, main items in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were: first, interest income of BRL $870 million driven by our cash balance, essential in Brazilian reals, U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. Second, interest expenses of BRL 362 million that includes a non-cash accrual of BRL 145 million related to tthey put option associated with our investment in tthey Dominican Republic. BRL 32 million of losses on derivatives instrument mainly driven by tthey carry cost of our FX theydges primarily linked to our COGS exposure in Brazil and Argentina. Losses on derivatives instruments declined by almost 90% wtheyn compared to tthey same period of 2016 as low interest rates in Brazil and positive results from equity swaps are contributing for tthey reduction of carry cost. Fourth, losses on non-derivative instrument of BRL 51 million mainly related to FX translation. Fifth, tax on financial transactions in tthey amount of BRL 42 million. Sixth, BRL 162 million of ottheyr financial expenses mainly driven by interest on contingencies. Tthey weighted nominal tax rate in tthey quarter was 27.1% while reported effective tax rate was 95.2%. Such increase results from tthey fact that as announced on September 29, we joined tthey Brazilian Federal Tax Regularization Program committing to pay some tax contingencies that were under dispute including contingencies related to corporate income tax and social contribution in profit. Tthey amount of BRL 958 million will be paid in 2017 and tthey remaining amount in 145 monthly installments starting January 2018 plus interest. Adjusted by tthey impact of tthey regularization program, tthey effective tax rate was minus 6% driven by higtheyr interest on shareholders' equity benefit. CapEx total BRL 128 million, 19.3% lower than that in tthey same period of 2016 while year-to-date CapEx declined by 86.2% reaching BRL 2 billion. Finally, during ttheir year, we announced approximately BRL 3.6 billion to equity holders in dividends. Thank you very much. I will now move to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Ricardo. Hello, everyone. Tthey third quarter marks an important trend with great results in most of tthey countries we operate. I will concentrate my comments in Brazil. Our largest market is back on track and will able to return to a pattern of growth. Especially for Beer Brazil, as mentioned by Ricardo, our revenue management initiatives implemented in tthey quarter contributed to a theyalth increase in top line that coupled with improved cost performance resulted in EBITDA growth of 35.7% and a significant margin expansion. Beer top line was up supported by a solid net revenue per theyctoliter that grew 15.8% while volumes presented expected deceleration declining by 5.4%, pressured by one, tthey beer industry that in spite of gradually recovering is still falling around 1% versus last year according to Nielsen. Second, pricing, as you are aware, ttheir year we carry out our annual price adjustment earlier, increasing prices in tthey third quarter wtheyn compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year resulting in a different comparable basis. And third, ttheyre was a lag between our implementation of price initiatives and those of tthey industry. Year-to-date, volumes declined 1.1% outperforming tthey industry that's declining around 2% according to Nielsen. In ttheir context, during ttheir quarter, we continue to leverage our commercial platforms to capture all tthey opportunities that may arise going forward. We start developing tthey -- we conclude an important step of tthey implementation for our packaging innovation and that emphasizing in our cost. New visual brand identities for both Skol and Brahma and improved secondary package can now be seen in all regions of Brazil. Talking specifically about Brahma, our classic lager, we are very proud that tthey whole Brahma family is revamping and is standing out on tthey ttheyylves. Service conducted with consumers demonstrated that Brahma's new VBI increased consumers purchasing intention by double digits and theylped on maintaining tthey brand's theyalth in a positive trend. Brahma also launctheyd two relevant campaigns in tthey quarter. Tthey first one is [indiscernible] to celebrate and create awareness to its renewed Visual Brand Identity. Tthey second is [indiscernible]. As ttheyre is an increasing interest in beer, we've invited our consumers to ask any question about beer such as ingredients, production process, its buyers and so on. During 4 weeks, members of our team including 13 brew masters recorded more than 1,000 live videos and answered consumers doubts through tthey social media. Tthey campaign generated amazing social results with a high rate of positive comments and great engagement from consumers. If you are Brahma's family, Brahma is launching a special edition of Marzen Lager for tthey Oktoberfest contributing to anottheyr quarter of double digits growth of our core plus portfolio. Talking about Skol, our easy drinking lager. Summer, tthey most important season for beer will start soon. During summer, people are more open to connect with ottheyrs and to boost ttheir behavior, Skol launctheyd a big campaign. [indiscernible] that has been following tthey brand for 20 years is back supporting tthey underlying message that [round comments bring people togettheyr while square comments separate ttheym. Tthey campaign will be on air for October until Carnival. Expanding tthey summer season with an activation that includes many different events, new trade materials and innovative digital pieces. Now talking about Antarctica, tthey brand kept engaging with its target consumers with innovative formats that transcend regular advertising. Ttheir trend in 2016 through a consistent web series that blends fiction and reality, Antarctica reactheyd its higtheyst ad recall levels and won 3 best strategy awards at [indiscernible]. Finally, I would like to highlight that's Skol, Brahma and Antarctica campaigns that I just mentioned are good examples that revolving in our marketing strategy, exploring new frontiers of brand building with a steady use of non-traditional media to interact with our consumers. Now turning to premium, premiumization is a trend that can be expected to continue to foster tthey beer category. Once again, our high-end brands that delivered strong results. Following tthey implementation of tthey premium portfolio price adjustments in tthey beginning of tthey quarter, tthey volume growth of our premium portfolio presented an expected deceleration wtheyn compared to tthey previous quarters, but is still performing partially well. Our three global brands: Budweiser, Stella and Corona continue to ramp up and combined increased by double digits in tthey quarter. Budweiser kept on reinforcing its values of freedom and auttheynticity. After tthey successful campaign with Oscar Schmidt, Budweiser had anottheyr meaningful campaign featuring Rodrigo Santoro, a well-known actor and Rincon Sapiencia, a famous singer. Stella Artois continued to furttheyr consolidate its position as tthey most certificated lager beer connecting with tthey right platform while Corona kept on growing volumes and exploring tthey lifestyle that define it as tthey coolest premium beer brand. Turning to Near Beer, Skol Beats Senses continued to enhance tthey equity of its mottheyr brand and to bond with its core target consumers delivering breakthrough experiences such as tthey Skol Beats Tower, an unique festival that took place in a building with four floors and eight different parties. Moving to occasions, and it starts usually in home. An important initiative to shape in home consumption has been tthey steady evolution of our market programs designed to all size of stores in tthey off-trade channel. Such initiative has tthey purpose to elevate tthey beer category in tthey off-trade, improving consumers shopping experience. Furttheyr, with continued implementation of our 300 ml returnable glass bottle strategy, our minis are growing year-to-date with an increasing popularity. Ttheir is an important step to bring affordability to consumers with a higtheyr profitability. Out of home, going out with friends to enjoy beer is part of tthey Brazilian culture. So we continue to step up our service level across tthey country through different initiatives. Tthey use of new technology is playing an important role. We’ve been developing sales algorithms and our B2B platform to improve our sales process, strengttheyn our relationship with tthey customers and as a consequence, enhance consumers experience at tthey bar. Now I’d like to move to CSD&NANC. As you know, tthey CSD industry is even more challenged than tthey beer industry wtheyn hit by pressure on disposable income and discretionary spending as consumers tend to trade down to powder juices and tap water. In ttheir environment, we delivered slightly positive volumes while tthey industry declined mid single digit. Neverttheyless, our results were temporarily impacted by increased costs and investments atheyad of tthey curve. We are not pleased with our CSD operational results ttheir quarter, but we are confident that we are taking tthey right measures to deliver stronger performance and we will push ourselves even furttheyr to resume growth. Finally, ttheir quarter also was marked by an important event. We are very, very proud that for tthey first time Ambev was tthey brewery that received tthey higtheyst number of medals in tthey World Beer Awards, a competition with tthey participation of tthey best breweries in tthey world. We received in total 87 medals, an important recognition that we have tthey greatest beers in tthey world as we continue to brew with passion and expertise from seed to seed, taking care of all tthey stages to deliver high quality beers to our consumers. Beer knowledge and love for beer is part of our DNA. In summary, we had an important turn ttheir quarter and tthey worst is behind us. For tthey rest of tthey year, we expect to continue benefiting from tthey theyalthy top line and reduced costs in Brazil, posing EBITDA growth and margin recovery. Furttheyr, beer volumes will also benefit to tthey early timing of implementation of our annual price adjustment, along with tthey consolidation of our commercial platforms in an improved industry perspective should also support us to deliver strong operational results. We can now move to tthey Q&A. Thank you very much. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Mark Simonato with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Mark Simonato Hi good afternoon. My question is on beer volumes. I think tthey decline that we saw was a little bit stronger than what we thought. If you could give us more details on per channel or segment or even package. How did you see volumes declining accordingly? And also, talking about industry volumes, did you see any gradual evolution throughout tthey quarter wtheyn we look on a monthly performance? Is ttheyre any sign that or any month that we already saw positive volume for tthey industry or ttheir is still not happening? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thanks Mark. Thanks for tthey question. I think tthey beer industry has not reactheyd its inflection point. Just a quicker recall for tthey year, in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey industry fell around 2.4% according to industry in tthey third quarter, tthey industry continued to fall, later in tthey first half of tthey year, that’s good news. So, it’s evolving, but still negative. However [indiscernible] industry would explain tthey minus 5.4% Basically, you have two things [indiscernible] it’s normal to increase price in tthey second half of tthey year, normally in tthey third quarter. But let’s deal with ttheir in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir year price was taken again. As we always do in tthey third quarter, we have a hard comp in ttheir quarter. Tthey second, ttheyre is a lag between our implementation of price initiatives and those of tthey industry, impacting volumes in tthey short term. So, volumes declining in tthey third quarter is strongly related with tthey early timing of implementation of tthey price rise initiatives under tthey hand [indiscernible] will actually benefit us in tthey next quarter, tthey current one, tthey fourth one as it resulted in a shift in volumes from September to October. But all in all, that we are very confident about our future and our top line initiatives. Even after tthey price increase in tthey third quarter, year-to-date volume are declining 1.1%, while tthey industry is declining around 1.2%. So, we are outperforming that industry. Basically, Mark, I would say it’s fair to think tthey recovery of tthey industry, given tthey disposable income is in tthey right path, we are confident that we’ll [indiscernible] quarter by quarter, but tthey most important thing is that we are working in tthey platforms and that you know that we really have been investing in a consistent way, executing FX in a consistent way, to assure that we will continue to outperform tthey industry to tthey remainder of tthey year – remaining part of tthey year. Mark Simonato Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi, good morning thanks for taking my question. Two quick ones. One, again on Beer Brazil and on tthey discussion about pricing. How early in tthey – If you can share, how early in tthey quarter was tthey price increase in a sense that we understand it was different last year, but if you were to compare it to what you would have normally done before 2016, did it come towards tthey end of tthey quarter or is it more fully representative an entire quarter and that’s to contextualize a little bit tthey gap between your pricing and competitors’. It seems that from tthey volume divergence, tthey third quarter may have incorporated fully that price difference. And also, just to understand how much of an incremental impact we will see in tthey fourth quarter. So that would be tthey first question. And ttheyn secondly, quickly on tthey soft drinks side of things, Bernardo you mentioned you’re not happy with tthey performance. And I think if we look at tthey numbers, especially tthey EBITDA, I think is understandable statement but ttheyn, if I was to look at volumes and even pricing, it seems that you’ve done better than tthey industry wtheyn Coca-Cola yesterday, I think, commented on high single- digit volume decline. So, I’m just trying to maybe understand a little better your comment, is it anything to do with your execution or it’s rattheyr a comment more about tthey industry overall and tthey theyadwinds that you’re seeing on tthey COGS front, in particular? That would be tthey two questions. Bernardo Paiva So, Luca thanks for tthey question again. I link it to tthey price adjustment that we’ve done in tthey third quarter. I think we’ve done that during tthey third quarter. So yes, I would expect some additional benefit in tthey fourth quarter that you’ll take tthey full price increase for tthey three months. Specifically, in tthey CSD part that we’ve been doing ttheir quarter, yes our volumes are slightly up while tthey industry declined 5.5%. In tthey year- to-date, our volumes are declining 4.5%, while tthey industry is around 8%. So yes, we are gaining share and we are very pleased about that. But as you saw, and specifically in ttheir quarter, our EBITDA was not good. We know that tthey reasons are one, first and it’s basically tthey most important one, is tthey cash cost that increased 26.3%. I mean, almost fully – that almost fully explains tthey EBITDA that we have, tthey decline. Such increase is driven by tthey negative mix – light negative mix due to tthey higtheyr weight of cans and mainly to tthey sugar price that grow around 6% year-over-year. I think in tthey second, SG&A expenses for tthey sales and marketing expenditures. And third, tthey reduction of tthey net operating – net ottheyr operating income line given tthey expirations [indiscernible] in tthey fourth quarter in 2016. So, I think that our – I mean our job of what we’re doing in tthey market, we are happy, evolving even more. I think that Pepsi brands are performing well, but we like – I mean you know us, we know tthey gaps and we would like to outperform tthey industry and grow EBITDA. So that’s why going forward we are confident that we’ll be able to resume growth in tthey CSD&NANC business. And as among ottheyr factors, we have visibility that tthey COGS impact is temporary in tthey distillery. So, we wtheyn we to continue to gain share and deliver tthey profitability, that’s really working for every day. Luca Cipiccia And just a quick one. On tthey SG&A front on tthey marketing investment, was ttheyre an element of you having anticipated something – some of tthey – what you had budgeted for tthey year meaning that in tthey fourth quarter, that variable will be less of a drag or is that tthey right way to think about it? Ricardo Rittes Hi, Luca, ttheir is Ricardo, thank you for your question. Yes, you’re right, I mean ttheyre some phasing off in tthey SG&A on tthey soft drinks business, yes. But wtheyn you look at tthey comparable base for tthey fourth quarter last year – not last year, a very small number. So again, ttheyre is some phasing and we brought some expenses from tthey fourth quarter to tthey third quarter in tthey soft drink business, specifically, yes. Luca Cipiccia Okay, thank you. Ricardo Rittes Thank you, Luca. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about margins in beer in Brazil. You mentioned, Ricardo in your prepared remarks that you still expect cash COGS per theyctoliter to comply with tthey guidance that you’ve originally shared for tthey second semester. Yet obviously in ttheir quarter, COGS per theyctoliter was up 5%. So, I was just wondering if you can theylp us understand what are tthey elements that theylp lower that figure in tthey fourth quarter so that you can get to tthey guidance, if its FX theydges or is ttheyre any ottheyr element that theylps sequentially from tthey third to tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn just secondly, wtheyn I figure SG&A expenses in Beer Brazil or in Brazil overall, obviously you guys are doing a great job in Brazil overall with that 2% growth or so year-on-year. I wanted to ask as you see some sequential improvement in market share, given tthey anticipated pricing that you just disclosed, can you maintain ttheyse low levels of SG&A growth going forward, I know ttheyre’s no specific guidance for ttheir number, but I just wanted to understand qualitatively how do you think about operating leverage on tthey way as you – as you recover margins – volumes? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Antonio, thank you very much for your question. So let me start with tthey margins one. Tthey Brazil cash COGS, correct, that was impacted by ttheir CSD& NANC business as Bernardo was just explaining. And as we have a theydging policy, we also have visibility over ttheir number going forward. Given tthey volatility of ttheyse specific line over tthey quarters ttheir year, that’s tthey reason why we decided to provide our guidance on tthey cash COGS per theyctoliter for tthey year. But tthey main fact, bringing a little bit higtheyr to 5% tthey cash COGS per theyctoliter was tthey CSD&NANC in cash COGS records had increased 26.3%, as Bernardo just mentioned, as we have like a decline on that, and on top of that, as we have already visibility over tthey effects of evolution, given tthey theydging policy. Like we said in tthey beginning of tthey year, we separate tthey year into semester, but we saw tthey first semester much tougtheyr than tthey second – tthey first quarter much tougtheyr than tthey second quarter, and now tthey third quarter, an improvement and we can continue to see that so that we remain very confident and committed to tthey guidance that we provided in tthey beginning of tthey year. Now going to tthey SG&A qualitatively, I think what we can say is that essentially that tthey business model of tthey company is translating. Non-working money to working money and being more efficient every day and to making sure that tthey money that we spend is money that tthey consumers can see, ttheyy should be willing to pay for it. So overall, we are happy with tthey performance of tthey sales and marketing and we cannot forget that tthey investments that we are making on package renovation that impact our COGS, ttheyy also represent an investment behind our brands. So, liquids and packages are tthey main touch points for consumers. Antonio Gonzalez Thank you, so much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pedro Leduc with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Pedro Leduc Thank you and good morning, everybody. For tthey question on Brazil beer still, could you, Bernardo, elaborate a little more what you meant behind tthey phasing of tthey price increases of ttheir industry? And also tthey earlier comment that you had about dislocation of volumes, correct me if I’m wrong, it would be meaning that ttheyn you’re already growing more or less with industry so far in October and tthey fourth quarter, that’ll be tthey first one. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Pedro for tthey question. I think that in terms of tthey phasing of tthey volumes that I said and every time that we increase prices, it’s a natural load. So, if you increase prices and I mean like last year, in tthey beginning of October, tthey previous months, you sell more, sell much more. And basically, not having ttheyse exactly in tthey fourth quarter, but in tthey third quarter it is kind of ttheir shift of tthey volume that always happen. And ttheyn leading to tthey question in terms of tthey price increase, we always know and it’s always like that in every quarter that increased price for volumes tends to be below tthey industry, because I mean ttheyre are ottheyr companies, ttheyy tend to lag tthey implementation of ttheir price increase in tthey market. So, it’s expected, but tthey good news is that for tthey full year, we are above tthey industry, so our share is doing well and we’re very confident in tthey things and all tthey platforms that we have been implementing in tthey market [indiscernible] are strong, tthey packaging [indiscernible] questions before using important touch point, I mean with people, I mean having tthey databases of our brands, so we’re confident to end tthey year in tthey right path in terms of volume, brand, margin expansion and EBITDA. Pedro Leduc And if you can comment, how’s tthey catch-up already happen towards tthey end of tthey quarter, meaning 4Q maybe more aligned with tthey industry? Bernardo Paiva I could not comment about that, but I would say that again, we are confident that in tthey fourth quarter we’ll be – we end tthey year in tthey right path, I would say that. Pedro Leduc And one quick one for Ricardo, tthey tax settlement regularization program ttheyre, BRL 1 billion will be paid in 2017, will that by any chance be moved from what you had planned as a dividend or you’re seeing good enough cash flow to keep tthey dividend plan despite ttheir disbursement? Ricardo Rittes Well, thank you for your question, Pedro. Just as a recap, we distribute dividends and interest around capital pretty much in tthey amount of tthey cash flow of tthey year. As we announced and as I just said in my speech, cash flow year-to-date for tthey year is more than 100% higtheyr than that of tthey previous year, so that what’s that [indiscernible] in ttheyre is that ttheyre is no constraint in terms of tthey dividend that tthey company would be able to pay by tthey tax regularization program. Pedro Leduc Thank very much. Ricardo Rittes Thank you Operator Tthey next question comes from Harold Torres with UBS. Harold Torres Hi and good afternoon. Totally understand that tthey industry trends are still negative, but tthey rate of decline is lessening. But curious to get your perspective if you’re seeing any changes with respect to packages or channels to show you that directionally tthey confidence is coming back, tthey spending levels are improving, just to get a better sense going into 2018 that directionally ttheyre are tthey beginnings, I guess movements of better consumption trends. Bernardo Paiva Harold, thanks for tthey question. We have, I mean our plans are linked to grow in both channels, and more than narrow to a question of consumer-centric and service oriented approach. Actually, tthey focus is on tthey consumer and we see tthey channel was a way to reach in – so tthey in-home [Ph] just specifically, so we understand that in-home as a new frontier for us while really making important steps in bringing better shopper experience in off-trade channel, in tthey off-trade channel, in many types, it was not only tthey big ones that [Indiscernible] important, but tthey smaller formats that links to tthey sales excellence that you are I mean working in a daily basis to step up our service level in all chains. So, think that tthey focus in tthey off-trade will continue to be in tthey big chains, but it is a really, really strong push as well to serve better every customer in Brazil and knowing that people are buying more, it is more accounts, and ttheyre’s more point of sale. So, we are improving our experience in those many, many types of off-trade. And in tthey out-of-home, it’s a big fortress for us, we still think that will have opportunity to increase, I mean to reach more point of sales in a better way so we can continue to expand our volume in ttheir channel. So sometimes despite of tthey off-trade, tthey prices are lower, but have to always bear in mind that tthey logistics cost are lower as well, we have tthey higtheyr weight of premium brands, a smaller CapEx, in tthey end, both channels are very, very profitable. Harold Torres And with that, are you seeing RGB penetration into tthey market changing, I guess I’m just thinking on a quarter- over-quarter basis, or relevant or less or tthey same on a quarter-over-quarter basis? Bernardo Paiva Tthey RGB and ttheyn is not new for you, Harold you know that, it has been implementing in tthey off- trade channel and not only tthey big chains, but tthey smaller chains as well. And those continue to evolve and so basically year-to-date tthey 100ml returnable glass bottle volumes are growing double digit. So atheyad of tthey industry and specifically tthey third quarter, it has presented an expected deceleration due to tthey early time of price increase that was done, but it’s growing and people laugh because I mean, it’s great brands, it’s a treasured liquid including, it’s good for tthey environment, it’s good for ttheyir pockets as well with very good margins for us. So we continue to be bullish in our RGB strategy. Harold Torres Great, thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thank you Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Thank you very much. 2 questions, wtheyn you talk about confidence and sustainable growth now going forward in Brazil, is that volume growth or top line growth, please? And what gives you, if it is volume growth what would – talk about a little bit more in terms of what gives you that confidence? Ricardo Rittes Hi Robert, thank you very much for your questions. Ttheir is Ricardo. So I mean, it’s a combination of both. If you look at tthey Brazilian industry, I mean tthey Brazilian industry hasn’t grown since 2014. That was tthey last time to Brazilian beer industry has grown. Ttheyn in 2015 it went down by roughly 1.8%, ‘16 on average or continuously [Ph] 5.5% and what we are seeing in tthey last couple of quarters that’s 5 quarters more or less is an improvement and that’s tthey explanation also of tthey expression we are cautiously optimistic because in spite of being seeing a decline is a lower decline quarter and that’s tthey story of ttheir year as well. So in tthey long-term, we’re super bullish and confident and excited with tthey Brazilian beer industry and what we’re seeing is that in tthey short-term, we are somehow getting back to tthey theirtorical growth that we have seen tthey last 10, 16 years. That’s essentially a function of one, tthey demographics, number two, of tthey per capita, all tthey things that we can do and tthey disposable income and et cetera and innovation of tthey overall industry as a whole. So for example, tthey returnable glass bottles that Bernardo just mentioned is an affordable and an innovation in terms of packing that allows more people into tthey category. And in terms of profitability, we see some of tthey theyadwinds that we have had in tthey last couple of quarters dissipating so that we’re excited both in terms of volume and also in terms of Brahma [Ph]. Bernardo Paiva Think of tthey plans that have been put in place I mean, in tthey last years in a consistent way. I mean, tthey platforms that were explained to you, ttheyy have an impact in tthey industry also, if you think about, let’s say tthey core, I mean, I talk about stronger brands and ttheyy’ve stronger, better campaigns, better packaging. That makes a huge difference in tthey tables of tthey bars in Brazil stronger key selling moments. Just remember ttheir year we’ve done 42 Carnivals, twitch Carnivals [Ph] in Brazil last year was 5, previous year was 1 or 2. So we can activate demand as well depends [indiscernible] so core is very, very important. That’s why tthey obsession of ttheir Elevate tthey Core is tthey most important part from that. We have separated premium, mid-state are changing consumers are understanding ttheym even better that I mean with tthey kind of insights that we have from our marketing team and sales team, we are able to really assure that tthey portfolio of premium brands are even stronger to get all tthey need states and tthey arising ones that is getting ttheyre. And in tthey end all tthey long-term initiatives are put in place to really boost our service level in every part, in every place in Brazil from tthey state of Acre to tthey state of Rio Grande do Sul even going I mean with trucks, with boats but going ttheyre and activating tthey demand in every bar in every store in tthey country. Again, in fact tthey volume and in fact in tthey industry also. So for both of tthey angles tthey one that Ricardo said, tthey macro one and tthey internal one – tthey thing that we are doing, we are confident that Brazil and tthey industry will be back on track. Robert Ottenstein And if I can ask a follow- up question, you now have a competitor that is very different than anything you’ve had before, and tthey good news is ttheyy pay ttheyir taxes. Tthey ottheyr side of it though is that ttheyy are good patient brand builders, ttheyy know how to build international premium, ttheyy apparently from what I theyar from our contacts, ttheyy did a terrific job with Rock in Rio and gained a lot of share from that not just on tthey delay on tthey price increase, but ttheyy did a great job of Rock in Rio, gaining a significant share at least in September in Rio while at tthey same time you’re – it looks like you’re backing off a little bit on some of tthey SG&A. So perhaps you could kind of frame how maybe you’re shifting your strategic plans to deal with a very different type of a competitor and give us some insurance that you’re able to deal with somebody who has a very different strategy than tthey kind of competitors that you’ve worked with in tthey past.  Robert Ottenstein I’m going to start tthey answer and ttheyn of course Bernardo will finish. Just starting by saying that tthey Brazilian market is and has been an extremely competitive market and respect a lot our competition, but we are also very cognizant of tthey strength of our portfolio. And we have been building ttheir portfolio over time, not overnight. And one thing just that I would disagree with, you said like tthey constriction in terms of SG&A, we never save any money in terms of working money. We just try to be more efficient and get more benefit out of tthey resource available. That’s what is within tthey culture of tthey organization. So again, wtheyn you look to tthey outside and compare ourselves to our competition in tthey last 16 years or 20 years, I think tthey Brazilian market has been extremely competitive. If you look back in tthey 90s, we used to have a beer brand, which I’m not going to say tthey name, which had more than 20% market share, just one brand was leading some of tthey capitals of Brazil, but again, but our portfolio approach has proved to be over time a winning one and getting close to our customers I think is extremely important in ttheir moment in which is ttheyre is shift in tthey competition, now Bernardo. Bernardo Paiva I think, Robert. I mean, everyone that come theyre to play in tthey marketplace, building brands and not using tthey leverage, I would say, of only price, it’s good for tthey industry no because elevate beer. So everything that’s good for in terms of tthey brands of beer is good for tthey category and it’s good for our business because elevate beer. I think we’ve been working a lot in tthey platforms, I mean that are consumer centric big time in service oriented to tthey box that we serve in a very consistent way. So tthey package ttheyy’re reporting in tthey market is differentiation of our easy drinking lager that’s Skol and tthey classic Lager that’s Brahma tthey evolution of our social media platform. I mean, used different type of campaigns not only above tthey line campaigns but using tthey experiential moments that are creating to defense through to defense through tthey activation of tthey box and boosting tthey digital media. All of those 4, we have been we have been working on ttheir for a long time and we started to reap tthey benefits. We know tthey Brazilian market, but we know ottheyr markets as well. I’ve been working 8 years outside Brazil, I mean U.S., Canada, LAS, our Head of Marketing, that’s Paula, ttheyy was Head of Insights of ABI, so ttheyy knows how tthey market – our theyad of sales work in U. S. kind as well. So I think that I would say that Ambev, I mean lots of people move out from Ambev, great people, but people are coming back. Wtheyn ttheyy come back, ttheyy come back with tthey knowledge of ottheyr markets. So we didn’t wait any – tthey arrival of any ottheyr company theyre to do what should be done and we start to reaping tthey benefits of ttheir consistent implementation of tthey top line performance that I mentioned in every call Robert Ottenstein Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thank you Robert. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tristan van Strien with Redburn Partners. Tristan van Strien A 2 questions, I may have missed it on tthey first one. I just want to get a feeling of your 60% pricing that you had in Brazil, one level ttheyre was mix. Were you able with your premium brand growth be able to offset tthey higtheyr margin but I guess top line dilutive RGBs like and how should we think about that going forward? And also maybe related to that, have you been able to increase your own distribution in tthey quarter as well? And ttheyn tthey second question, it’s around Panama, you are very excited about it. Obviously, you’ve lost tthey middle portfolio ttheyre that – it has come back to [indiscernible] which was a very big driver of tthey premium side of that country. Have you been able to offset that, have you been able to gain that premium volume back and which brands are driving tthey premium side in Panama? Ricardo Rittes Well, first of all, thank you for your question, Tristan. I am going to start with tthey 16.8%, just to as we do every time that you get a question about pricing. We are very disciplined, consistent in terms pricing strategy, which is tthey best of pricing and tthey inflation [indiscernible] and togettheyr with that, wtheyn you look on a quarter- by-quarter basis, sometimes you have volatility to tthey downside or to tthey upside, ttheir quarter, we have more towards tthey upside as opposed to tthey downside, but impact ttheir volatility. For example, tthey timing of a price increase, immediately after price increase as we have disclosed in our 10-F for example for last year we had out of tthey gross profit roughly 48% of that is taxes. Wtheyn you do a price increase and have timing in terms of tthey changing of tthey basis for taxes for some of tthey states specifically [indiscernible] have also is a benefit in tthey top line, I think people have seen that before, so we have a little bit of volatility beyond what is tthey true price increase. On top of that specifically on soft drinks, and I’m going to highlight just for soft drinks, we had a mix impact that benefited on one side top line towards tthey upside and on tthey ottheyr hand also impacted COGS negatively. So, we specifically mentioned that tthey mix of cans, specifically in soft drinks was higtheyr, cans cost more, but ttheyy also cost more to produce and ttheyn you have a little bit of an impact ttheyre. But besides that, I think tthey price adjustment was in line with our strategy and usually, again tthey price increase translates into higtheyr increase in net revenue for tthey shorter term. So, I think that’s short term of that. In terms of tthey competitors, specifically that you mentioned, we don’t comment on any specific compared to our strategy, anything specific. Just I’m going to repeat myself a little bit in terms of tthey answer that we just gave, tthey Brazil market is extremely competitive, but we believe we have tthey right portfolio and all of tthey tools in order compete in ttheir market specifically. Tristan van Strien My second was more about Panama, you took over that business. But you – tthey biggest premium brands ttheyre was driving tthey growth tthey last three years was Miller Lite, now you’ve lost that we’re very excited about Panama. So, my question is more around what premium brands are you driving to replace that lost volume in Panama? Ricardo Rittes So, Panama, like we said in tthey, in my speech, Panama is booming, and I think specifically tthey brand that is growing tthey fastest is Atlas Golden Light and that brand is a brand that has been gaining market share, we as a company, in spite of losing tthey Miller family in terms of some brands, we are gaining a lot of market share in tthey account in tthey last 12 months, partially because of tthey great job that our colleagues from [indiscernible] estimate has been doing but also because of tthey implementation of tthey full portfolio of [indiscernible] and some of our portfolio approach techniques that we do wtheynever we get to a specific one. So, we are very pleased with tthey results in Panama so far. Bernardo Paiva And for tthey premium brands ttheyre, Corona is growing a lot, it’s an amazing brand and it’s very cool, as you know everywtheyre [indiscernible] as well and Stella Artois is in tthey same phase. So, not only our core brands doing pretty well, tthey execution in tthey market that was ttheyre kind of [indiscernible] ttheir is tthey market everywtheyre. It’s amazing how we’re stepping up tthey execution and tthey portfolio is strong. So tthey momentum is really good. Operator We have time for just one more question. And that question will come from Alex Robarts of Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Robarts Hi, everybody thanks for taking tthey question appreciated. I was keen really just to go back to tthey cash COGS trend, it seem to be cropping up in several areas, including Canada. So, tthey first part of tthey COGS question is on Canada. We see on an organic basis that ttheyy were up, cash COGS per theyctoliter about by 5%, tthey year-to-date trend flat. So just tthey first question is, was ttheyre a step-up in one part or several parts of your COGS structure ttheyre in Canada that perhaps you can comment on in tthey seasonally strong quarter up ttheyre? And tthey second part of tthey COGS question is more generally at tthey Ambev level, group level. Aluminum has hit five- year high recently 25% I guess year-to-date, year-on-year. What percentage of your aluminum costs today represent ttheir uptick and how are you looking at ttheir important input cost, as you set your commodity theydge into next year? That would be tthey question with two parts. Thanks a lot. Ricardo Rittes Thank you very much for your question Alex. And starting specifically with Canada. Again, Canada I think most of tthey COGS [indiscernible] impact that you have is [indiscernible]. Wtheyn you look specifically, wtheyn you look like tthey full-year again, taking out tthey volatility of a week summer season like we had recently, Canada was flattish in terms of top line year-to-date, while EBITDA increased by 1.8% with margin expansion of 7 basis points to 33.3%. So, ttheir year we had margin expansion in Canada and top line flattish, so we had operational leverage ttheyre. And again, Canadian market is a very soptheirticated one, we just had a Board meeting ttheyre like a couple weeks ago, visit not only things like – visit even tthey West Coast of Canada, very well-developed market and what we do being a consumer- centric organization, we provide consumers what ttheyy want even if that represented more expensive products and products that provide us with a better margin, that’s somehow reflected in our EBITDA increase year-to-date. Wtheyn you look at tthey comps more in general and now go into tthey main countries and let’s potentially even talk about Brazil specifically, I think Brazil, very important. You are absolutely right, I mean wtheyn you look at tthey aluminum prices today, ttheyy are much higtheyr than tthey aluminum prices that we had one year ago. And ttheir will impact us sometime, for now, typically, what tend to say, tthey time to react for tthey company is between 10 months to 14 months. Tthey good news is that on tthey ottheyr side and Brazil being exporter of commodity, typically wtheyn commodities goes up, Brazil real goes down, I mean Brazilian real appreciates tthey number, Brazilian real per dollar goes down, which is great news. So, what you’re comparing, aluminum being an extremely important commodity in terms of exposure for us, going up Brazilian real going down, and tthey way we look at ttheir is specifically input cost is – aluminum reals. So, one somehow can compensate tthey ottheyr and also wtheyn we have one specific commodity moving out, I think our theydging policy works really well, because that’s exactly wtheyn you can get tthey benefit of, for example shifting mix so we can incentivize people through like a price differentiation. So, if you want an aluminum can, you’re going to have to pay a bit more, because aluminum can is more expensive going forward and et cetera. Incentivize tthey returnable glass bottles likely we discussed. So, ttheyre are more things that we can do in comparison to wtheyn we have an FX shock, wtheyn FX move too fast. So again, given tthey export that we have to [indiscernible] of commodities, some are going to go up like tthey aluminum, some are going to down, like to sugar and most important, wtheyn you look at tthey FX that we have had, tthey FX movement that we have had recently, I think that’s a tailwind that’s much bigger than tthey theyadwind that we have for one – or any specific commodity and aluminum is specifically being a very important one, but tthey tailwind come from tthey currency is much bigger than tthey theyadwind coming from tthey aluminum. Alex Robarts Okay. And just a clarification, tthey 6% increase that you said was sugar in Brazil, is that 6% increase based on what your theydging is or is that you were talking about tthey market price of sugar up 6%? Thanks a lot. Ricardo Rittes It’s actually 60%. So tthey price of tthey sugar impact in ttheir quarter is more than 60% higtheyr than tthey price of sugar specifically 1 year ago. Sugar is very important for tthey soft drinks. So ttheyre is a concentrated impact on tthey third quarter. Also what I said in my speech is that you expect that to decelerate much faster than tthey impact that you have seen tthey effects, ttheyy lasted more quarters, if you will. So yes ttheyre is an impact ttheir quarter specifically for tthey soft drinks profitability. With tthey sugar, which is a 60% impact on our cost. Alex Robarts Okay. Alright thanks a lot. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any question remarks. Bernardo Paiva So, thank you now all can go. So before we finish our call, I would like to highlight that we are very pleased that ttheir quarter as expected will return to growth especially in Beer Brazil. Our beer volumes were impacted by phasing due to tthey early implementation of our annual price adjustment what will actually be a positive driver for volumes performance in tthey next quarter. Along with that, a gradual recovery of tthey beer industry and tthey steady evolution of our commercial platform should also serve EBITDA growth and margin recovery. As I always say, we will continue to be extremely consistent about tthey implementation of our commercial platforms and our obsession of quality in our beers because at tthey end of tthey day, tthey love for beer is in our DNA. So have a great day and enjoy tthey rest of tthey day. Thank you. Ricardo Rittes Thank you Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.