Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Dennis Reid - Vice President & Treasurer David Hult - President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Clara - Senior VP of Operations Michael Welch - Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc John Murphy - Bank of America Ryan Sigdahl - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Glenn Chin - Seaport Research Partners Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Jason Moore - Truist Bret Jordan - Jefferies David Wtheirton - Morningstar Equity Research Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Q1 2022 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Dennis Reid. Please go atheyad. Dennis Reid Thanks, Justin, and good morning, everyone. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's first quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior VP of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions, and I will be available later for any follow-up questions that you may have. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are subject to certain uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2021 and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We've also posted an updated investor presentation on our website, asburyauto.com, highlighting our first quarter results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Our first quarter results were an all-time record for any quarter in Asbury's theirtory. We continue to experience strong consumer demand, although our ability to meet ttheir demand was constrained by very low new vehicle inventory. For tthey quarter, we grew adjusted EBITDA by $195 million to $336 million, and adjusted EPS from $4.68 to $9.27, an increase of 98%. We delivered 8.2% adjusted operating margin, up 210 basis points. We increased revenue by $1.7 billion to $3.9 billion and increased gross profit by $409 million to $792 million. We drove F&I gross profit per vehicle to a record 2,481, up $742. We continues to have a disciplined approach around SG&A, resulting in a decline of 520 basis points from tthey prior year's first quarter. Ttheir was tthey first full quarter reflecting all of our 2021 acquisitions under tthey Asbury umbrella and tthey strategic fit is clear. We are excited about our team and our ability to execute on our '25 plan. We see tremendous opportunity atheyad of us as we roll out Clicklane to all acquired dealerships and integrate TCA into tthey legacy Asbury stores. Due to our record performance and strong cash flow, our balance ttheyyet remains strong. Our adjusted operating cash flow for tthey first quarter was $406 million, an increase of $290 million over tthey first quarter of 2021. Our net leverage ended ttheir quarter at 2.2x. During tthey quarter, we repurchased $200 million of our stock, which completed our share reauthorization. As we announced in our earnings release ttheir morning, our Board of Directors has approved a new $200 million share repurchase authorization. As we announced in our earnings release ttheir morning, our board of directors have approved a new $200 million repurchase authorization. Our near-term priority is to continue to integrate our recent acquisitions and use our strong free cash flow to lower our net debt level and return cash to shareholders through opportunistic share repurchases. At tthey same time, we'll continue to monitor tthey M&A market as we believe ttheyre are potential opportunities that would enhance our already strong dealership portfolio. Due to tthey strong pace of acquisitions last year, we exceeded our 5-year acquisition target in tthey first year of tthey plan. Today, we'll be providing an update to our strategic growth plan that I will briefly discuss later in tthey call. We continue to operate in an unusual macro environment, and experienced strong demand across all of our revenue streams. We do not anticipate a meaningful recovery in inventory levels in 2022 and believe ttheyse levels are unlikely to fully normalize until 2023. In ttheyse unusual times, our industry has benefited, which is reflected in our first quarter results and demonstrates tthey value and tthey resilience of tthey franctheire model. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong results for our shareholders, be outstanding partners with our OEMs to steward ttheyir great brands and offer an environment wtheyre our team members can thrive while providing tthey most guest-centric experience in automotive retail. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. First, thank you to all of our dedicated teammates who work so hard to fulfill our commitment to being tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer. Ttheir quarter was a busy one for Asbury, as we continued to integrate acquisitions made in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, worked to close on our divestitures and developed a plan to expand Clicklane to acquire stores and TCA to legacy Asbury stores. Now I'll turn to our same-store performance compared to tthey first quarter of 2021, unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles. In tthey first quarter, new vehicle inventory remained well below normalized levels and consumer demand continued to outstrip supply. At tthey end of March, our total new vehicle inventory was $207 million, and our days' supply was at 10 days, down 24 days from tthey prior year quarter. Given ttheir dynamic, our new vehicle volume declined 20% year-over-year. However, we experienced a significant increase in our new average gross profit per vehicle, which increased $2,995 from tthey first quarter 2021 to a total of $5,750. We anticipate new inventory levels to remain low through 2022, and we are focused on maximizing profitability while also remaining steadfast in our commitment to our guests and our mission to be tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer. Turning to used vehicles. Our used vehicle retail volume increased 6%, which contributed to a 32% increase in used vehicle retail revenue. Used gross profit PVR increased by $209 to $2,228 compared to tthey first quarter of 2021, resulting in a 17% increase in used retail gross profit. Our total used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $378 million, which represents a 28-day supply, up 1 day from tthey prior year. Our used to new ratio for tthey quarter was 114%. Shifting to F&I. Our strong, consistent and sustainable growth in F&I delivered an increase of $634 to $2,376 per vehicle retailed from tthey prior year quarter. I'd like to thank our F&I team for ttheir tremendous result. In addition, in tthey first quarter, our total front-end yield per vehicle increased $2,096 per vehicle to a record of $6,253. Moving to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 14% in tthey quarter Tthey warranty revenue, which is outside of our control, dropped 12%, our customer pay revenue continued its strong rebound, posting 17% growth, which is triple our normal growth. We achieved over 176,000 online service appointments, a 29% increase over tthey prior year quarter. Benefits of increasing online service appointments include enhancement to tthey customer experience, higtheyr customer retention, higtheyr conversion rates and higtheyr dollars generated per repair order, which ultimately provides higtheyr returns to our shareholders. We now have 4 full quarters with Clicklane at all legacy stores, and we couldn't be more pleased at tthey results we're seeing. We sold over 5,600 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey first quarter, of which 38% of ttheym were new vehicles and 62% were used. In fact, March was Clicklane's best month ever. We believe sales of new vehicles were depressed due to a lack of inventory. 92% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customers that were incremental to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time remained roughly in line with prior quarters, as we saw a 0.5 minute increase to 8.5 minutes for cash d and about a 0.5 minute decrease to 13.6 minutes for finance deals. In Q1, Clicklane deals had a front-end yield of $3,804 and an F&I per vehicle retail of $2,291, which equates to a $6,095 of total front-end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score continues to be over 700, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. Tthey average down payment for new vehicles was $8,921 and for used, was $6,869. 81% of consumers seeking financing received instant approval, while an additional 9% require some off-line assistance. 90% of those that applied were approved for financing. 43% of Clicklane sales had trade-ins, with 62% of such trades reconditioned and retailed to consumers. And 95% of our Clicklane deliveries are within a 50-mile radius of our stores, thus allowing us tthey opportunity to retain our new customers in our parts and service department. Clicklane customers are converting at nearly double tthey rate of traditional Internet leads, but we won't see tthey full potential until inventory levels normalize. We are excited about tthey continued growth of Clicklane and tthey opportunity to accelerate that growth as we roll it out to our newly acquired stores. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members and ottheyr participants on our call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights, which marked anottheyr record quarter for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement, our press release today and our investor presentation on our website. As Dan mentioned, tthey first quarter was a busy one, with a number of internal initiatives going on. Overall, compared to tthey first quarter last year, we generated significant adjusted operating cash flow of $406 million, a year-over-year increase of $290 million, which combined with tthey proceeds from divested stores, allowed us to pay down $374 million of debt and our used vehicle floor plan line, and repurchased $200 million of our shares. Adjusted net income increased 134% to $212 million, and adjusted EPS increased 98% to $9.27. Tthey net income for tthey first quarter of 2022 was adjusted for onetime pretax gains totaling $34 million or $1.11 per diluted share, primarily related to tthey sale of 4 dealerships in tthey quarter. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2021 was adjusted for onetime pretax gains of $4.6 million or $0.17 per diluted share, primarily related to gain on legal settlements, and pretax real estate-related charges of $1.8 million or $0.07 per diluted share. Excluding real estate purchases, we spent approximately $21 million on capital expenditures in tthey first quarter. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $805 million of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash at Total Care Auto, floor plan offset accounts, and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also at tthey end of tthey quarter, our pro forma adjusted net leverage ratio stood at 2.2x, down from 2.7x at year-end. As David stated, today we announced that our Board has approved a new $200 million share repurchase authorization. For 2022, we are planning on CapEx of approximately $175 million. Ttheir amount excludes real estate related purchases and potential lease buyout opportunities that we consider to be financing transactions. One item that has a bit of a change is how we account for TCA revenue and expenses, and we've included a breakdown of TCA versus dealership operations in our earnings release. Ttheir quarter was our first full quarter of TCA. For tthey quarter, TCA made $16 million of pretax income, which included $2.7 million of unrealized losses on equity investments. Excluding tthey unrealized losses, TCA would have made $19 million for tthey quarter. We are currently working on tthey system integration and state licensing requirements for tthey Asbury rollout of TCA and plan to start our pilots for rollout in 2Q. In closing, I would also like to thank all of our teammates throughout Asbury, who dedicate ttheymselves to building a brighter future for ourselves, our communities, our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. I will now hand tthey call back over to David to discuss tthey update to our strategic plan. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, today we are providing an update to our strategic plan which can be referenced on Slides 12 through 25 of our investor presentation. Tthey acquisitions we made in 2021 almost doubled our annual revenue. Today, Asbury Automotive is a much larger, more productive and financially sound company with more opportunities to drive top line growth. One example, with TCA, we are able to stay involved in tthey entire customer life cycle as well as now benefit from tthey claims side, which was never available to us before. Regarding Clicklane, given tthey metrics we spoke about earlier, we see a significant opportunity to leverage tthey high conversion rate as we roll out to tthey stores we acquired and provide a common digital platform. Our original plan for revenue growth or revenues was to grow from $8 billion to $20 billion by 2025. Because of tthey significant progress we made in 2021, on a pro forma basis, we are now just over $15 billion in revenue. I will now simply refer to Slide 24 and of tthey presentation deck. Our new revenue goal is $32 billion by '25, representing an incremental $12 billion. Tthey $12 billion is comprised of an additional Same Store growth of $2 billion, an additional $3 billion in Clicklane revenue and $7 billion from acquisitions. In terms of earnings per share, we are targeting EPS to be greater than $55 per share. Ttheir assumes a 1x leverage. If we were to increase our leverage to 2x and use those proceeds to purchase additional stores or buy back our stock, our EPS could exceed $72 per share. Now referring to Slide #25. Our free cash flow generated from our business of $3 billion and a modest increase to 2x leverage for an incremental $3 billion, we would have over $6 billion in cash to deploy between 2022 to 2025. So in closing, we believe that we have tthey right brands in tthey right states with tthey right people to execute our strategy to grow and improve our business. We are generating strong cash flow that will continue to lower our net leverage while allowing us tthey flexibility to balance acquiring additional assets and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Finally, I would like to acknowledge tthey hard work and dedication of my fellow Asbury teammates. It is through your efforts that Asbury continues to produce strong results for our shareholders while bringing us closer to our goal of being tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer. Thank you all very much. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We can now take our first question from Daniel Imbro of Steptheyn Inc. Daniel Imbro David, I want to start on tthey used side of tthey business. I mean, tthey organic used growth uptick was near tthey best of tthey peer group and GPU really hung in ttheyre. So could you talk about maybe what you're seeing in terms of used demand, and how are you guys successfully capturing that used sale while maintaining GPUs? Dan Clara Ttheir is Dan. I'll be glad to take that question. So we're pretty satisfied with tthey results even though we continue to focus on tthey acquisition of tthey inventory. We all know that is in used cars, wtheyre tthey return is generated. Close to 85%, 86% of our acquisition is coming through tthey consumer, wtheyttheyr it is in tthey form of our leased earnings, trades or buying cars through -- directly from tthey consumers. And we know and we believe that, that is what is allowing us to continue to report tthey margins and tthey PVRs that you are seeing today. In addition to that, tthey benefits, tthey Clicklane brings to be able to provide a digital retail environment online, we see tthey benefit of that as well from a used car perspective. So overall we will continue to focus on that strategy and continue to execute as we move forward. David Hult Tthey one thing I'll add to that, we decoupled our trade tool inside of Clicklane to allow consumers to sell ttheyir vehicles direct to us. We'll talk about it in detail at tthey end of tthey second quarter because we're fully launctheyd in tthey month of April, and we had it going at pilot stores or half our company, if you will, in tthey prior quarter or tthey current quarter we're talking about, tthey first quarter. We're seeing tremendous results in acquiring cars direct from consumers which is theylping stabilize our inventory. But most importantly, our ability to create margin or gross profit per vehicle on used vehicles is really all about tthey acquisition of tthey car. Tthey market dictates a price. If you cannot acquire tthey car at tthey proper price, you will dramatically be impacted in tthey margin is our belief. So we're really trying to be opportunistic and really make it easy for consumers to sell ttheyir vehicles to us, which we believe is theylping support our gross profit per vehicle. Daniel Imbro Great. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn my follow-up, I wanted to ask on tthey rollout of TCA. You have some really bullish commentary in tthey slides about tthey opportunity. But should we expect ttheir rollout to be linear or is ttheyre a training of store employees or some kind of infrastructure that needs to be stood up first at tthey Asbury stores before we can really accelerate tthey rollout of tthey product? Dan Clara I'll start and ttheyn Michael can jump in and clean up anything I screw up. I'll tell you tthey easiest piece of it will be tthey rollout of tthey stores because tthey folks in tthey stores are used to selling tthey product. So that will be very quick and efficient. We've really been working on tthey backside of tthey plumbing. I mean it's a stand-alone insurance company, to get it right in all tthey stores before we start to implement it. Michael discussed in tthey script that in Q2, we will start to roll out tthey legacy Asbury stores. Our goal isn't tthey quarter-to-quarter race. It's tthey long-term vision of wtheyre we're going as an organization. We plan to roll out tthey whole company within 12 to 18 months, so somewtheyre in that time frame, 100% of tthey Asbury stores will be on TCA. Michael Welch And just a reminder from a, as David said, 12 to 18 months for tthey rollout to tthey stores, from tthey impact on tthey financial statement because we have to defer tthey revenue, ttheyre will be a lag in terms of wtheyn you'll see those results kind of come through tthey financials because we now have to defer that revenue over tthey life of tthey contract. And so from a P&L perspective, it's probably 2 to 3 years away before you start seeing tthey positive results through tthey P&L. Operator We can now take our next question from John Murphy, Bank of America. John Murphy Maybe just to follow up on tthey TCA to stay on tthey same topic. I mean tthey funding and tthey balance ttheyyet, I mean that's going to be in tax advantage state or offshore. I'm just curious how in addition to sort of tthey benefits of just tthey ongoing earnings, tthey potential tax implications or tthey lack ttheyreof might be even more beneficial than what we just see in tthey earnings. Dan Clara So currently, TCA is set up in as a Utah entity. And so that's tthey current setup. We're looking into tthey kind of tax advantage pieces to kind of handle with tthey bigger scale now. And so currently, we do not have any of those baked into tthey forecast, but something we are looking at from a perspective of -- currently it is Utah and does it make sense to have any of it elsewtheyre. . John Murphy I've got to imagine it makes sense to have it elsewtheyre, right? I mean it can be meaningfully positive to right tthey ongoing earnings distribution as far as cash versus what you would reasonably expect. David Hult Yes. Ttheyre is tax benefit. John Murphy Yes, that's huge, right? I mean on just tthey structure of that, forget about tthey rollout, isn't it? Dan Clara So ttheyre's 2 pieces of TCA. Ttheyre's a true regulated insurance company and ttheyn it's an F&I product piece. And so yes, ttheyre's some tax benefits, which got away tthey cost of tthey setup and tthey different pieces and ttheyn what that read is worth on a tax basis. So I agree with you that ttheyre's some benefits ttheyre. We just got to go through and kind of figure out tthey pieces of that and give it -- get it set up for a bigger company. John Murphy Got it, okay. That seems like ttheyre might be more upside. And I get to tthey sort of second question on Slide 25. Wtheyn you're looking at ttheir range, I understand tthey benefit of leverage and being maybe more aggressive in expansion. But David, as you look at ttheir, how do you think about leverage? I mean, going from 1 to 2 turns, going from $55 to $70 plus, seems like 2 turns is not too aggressive or really risky. I mean, how are you thinking about leverage in general as you're redeploying capital for growth theyre? David Hult Yes. And just to clarify, tthey leverage is 2025 so back to kind of a more normalized margin environment. So that 2x leverage is on a normalized basis. I agree with you that 2x is not an overly aggressive target. I think that 2 to 3x leverage is still kind of wtheyre we want to be in a normalized environment, but being below 2x just allows you tthey flexibility to go after larger acquisitions, wtheyre if you're kind of up near that 3x, you don't have that same flexibility. So I think a 1x to 2x leverage is tthey right place to be -- to have tthey opportunity to go after those larger deals. Dan Clara And I would just add, I mean, our theirtory is we're a conservative company and any targets we put out ttheyre, we certainly hit or exceed and usually exceed ttheym. It's difficult to know what tthey environment is going to be at that moment in time. Ttheir was a conservative approach to us. And certainly, in ttheir '25 year plan, we've normalized margins as well. ttheir whole plan is not baked on current margins. We certainly brought ttheym back down to a normalization in tthey future years coming up to '25. John Murphy Okay. And I mean, I guess, tthey big of tthey question is, what does normal mean going forward? Is it 2019 and prior margins is what you're thinking ttheyre? Or is ttheyre some potential benefit from automakers now being much more disciplined on supply versus demand and maybe getting a little bit better growth on tthey new side? And ttheyn tthey mix of tthey business obviously shifting to used in part, more parts and service. That means that ttheyre could be just from a mixed basis upside in margins. Is that how you're thinking about it? Is it you just kept tthey 2019 levels to just get tthey benefit from tthey mix of what you're driving in tthey business or ttheyre is some potential slight upside from tthey 2019 levels? Dan Clara Yes, no. And everyone keeps referring to 2019, and I brought ttheir up a few times. I'll bring it up again. We will never see 2019 margins again in our company. We're a different company, not because of our size, but because of tthey accretive acquisitions that we've done. We sold off all of Mississippi, which was our lowest margin platform. And we've increased through Park Place, LHM and Stevinson, all of ttheym are accretive in margins to wtheyre we were in '19. We're also, from a productivity standpoint, under tthey legacy Asbury stores alone, it hasn't been integrated in any of tthey acquisitions yet. But from a productivity standpoint, from 2019, we've had a 50% increase on tthey variable side for production per employee for sales advisers. So that's significant, and we see more upside wtheyre technology is going and wtheyre Clicklane is going. So I would tell you, John, and I'll just speak specifically to Asbury. We're in that high 4%, 5% margin business. My belief is we'll be somewtheyre in tthey 6% or higtheyr range on new car margins wtheyn things normalize. Now as it relates to margins on used cars, I would simply tell you tthey cost of sales are reflection of margin. Our gross profit now is in tthey $2,200 range. We don't see that materially changing much wtheyn we get back to a normalized environment. John Murphy Got it. And that just gets to my last question on tthey SG&A front. I mean how do you -- I mean we always like to think about it as a percent of gross margin. I mean, it's a reasonable way to think about it, but ttheyn ttheyre's an absolute dollar level, and ttheyn ttheyre's all ttheir technological efficiency that you just kind of highlighted. How should we think about SG&A going forward? I mean tthey dumb guy simple way is, theyy, it's mid-50% to 60%, maybe it's higtheyr than that, maybe it's slower than that. But how do you think about that because it's much more complicated than just, theyy, it's a percent of gross, a good starting place to talk about it. But I mean how do you think about it?  Dan Clara Sure. I'll start and Michael can finish it. Tthey way we've modeled ttheir and looked at it, and we're tracking exactly wtheyre we expect it to be at ttheir point. So it gives us confidence that we're on tthey right track to execute tthey 25-year plan. We believe that ttheyre is an opportunity to improve SG&A significantly over wtheyre we were in 2019, but somewtheyre around wtheyre we are today. So I don't see it, what's going on in tthey macro sense, what's going on in tthey economy, what interest rate, different things look like at that moment in time. But as we sit theyre today and we forecast it out, and you see our SAAR plan that we’ve forecasted, that doesn't assume a recession. So assuming as we sit theyre today, we model ttheir out, we have tthey opportunity both through efficiency of our software production per employee to have a tailwind with SG&A. John Murphy So baseline, we should think about high 50s and with an opportunity to maybe grind better as grosses improve and you get efficiency in tthey system. Is that a fair way to say, but you're not even really assuming that just yet? Dan Clara Yes. So look, we have it -- wtheyn we did ttheyse 5-year plans, we don't aggregate tthey numbers. We do it literally by store, by market. I would tell you, if things play out tthey way we anticipate, we should be in tthey mid-50s to upper 50s somewtheyre in that bracket. Operator And we can now take our next question from Ryan Sigdahl of Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Ryan Sigdahl Curious on 2 kind of, I guess, financial questions. One, divesting 7 stores, what's tthey annual revenue you're going to lose from those? And ttheyn secondly, on parts and service, same-store sales strong at 14%, even excluding TCA, but tthey gross margin was a bit weaker kind of year-over-year. Anything to call out ttheyre? Michael Welch So on tthey divestitures, I'll give you just a quarter -- for 1/4 of those stores represented $162 million of revenue on tthey quarter. So that just kind of gives you a run rate for tthey quarter to back that number on. Ryan Sigdahl And similar for tthey ottheyr 3, I guess, are ttheyy all similar sized? Michael Welch That includes all -- that includes tthey 4 stores sold in tthey quarter plus tthey 3 stores that we sold on April 1. So that's all 7 stores, what ttheyy represented in tthey quarter. Ryan Sigdahl And ttheyn on parts and service? Michael Welch $3.75 billion. Dan Clara Ryan, ttheir is Dan. I'll take tthey ottheyr parts and service. So tthey parts and service margin is a direct reflection of just tthey mix that we're seeing. As you see on our tables, our wholesale parts grew up 25%, which carries your lowest margin. And ttheyn in addition to that, wtheyn you see some of tthey warranty pullback that we have experienced out ttheyre with some of tthey OEMs, tthey mix of that warranty pullback in tthey margin that we carried in ttheyre is what is bringing us down. David Hult And I'll say with tthey Miller organization, we're happy to sacrifice that margin. Ttheyy're impressive as it relates to wholesale parts and many ottheyr areas, but that's just one that sticks out. And ttheyre's certainly a lot of learnings ttheyre for us for our legacy Asbury stores as well. Ryan Sigdahl Great. One more for me. So on Clicklane, a lot of good incremental progress ttheyre. Curious on tthey traffic sources to get break out, kind of what percent of that is organic versus paid SEM or ottheyr paid channels? Dan Clara So Ryan, ttheir is Dan again. I'll start and ttheyn David can clean it up. Since we launctheyd Clicklane, we have not gone out ttheyre and spent millions of dollars advertising Clicklane. And tthey vast majority of our advertising dollars go -- from a store standpoint, go for tthey digital transaction and tthey digital traffic that we've puttheyyd to our websites. So I will tell you that tthey vast majority of tthey traffic is coming from organic growth and tthey traffic that we puttheyyd to tthey website. David Hult And just to put a harder number on it, I'd tell you about 25% is for paid search. Ttheyre just hasn't been a logical reason for us to really promote it without any inventory. And I can't stress it enough that tthey 5,600 sales are simply tthey 90 legacy Asbury stores. We haven't rolled it out to any of tthey acquisitions yet. Again, because of TCA, tthey forming Clicklane being a fully transactional tool, not a lead generator, it takes time to do that. We'll start to roll out our first store towards tthey end of ttheir quarter. But none of tthey additional 70 stores that we purchased are on Clicklane at all. So that growth, that number is solely tthey legacy stores.  Operator We can now take our next question from Glenn Chin of Seaport Research Partners. Glenn Chin Congratulations on tthey upsize plan. Nice to see such an ambitious plan, very encouraging. And thank you for all tthey detail around it. David, I just want to probe your comments a little about normalized margins, what those might be going forward. I mean, I understood that you will benefit from ttheyse terrific acquisitions you've made. But maybe just from a broader industry perspective, I mean, is it safe even to use or look at 2019 as a baseline only because prior to that, I mean new margins, at least if not as much on tthey used side, but new margins were in secular decline for a very long period. Is that to say that you think 2019 may have been tthey bottom? David Hult I would say a bottom and kind of tthey end of an era. You've had a tremendous amount of acquisitions and growth and consolidation since '19. You've had really disruption of electric EVs coming in, consumers preordering at more acceptable margins, for lack of a better term. Tthey question is if you believe normalized margins are end of '23, '24, what does that mean? How many electric cars are going to be on tthey road? What's tthey incentives going to be for tthey government? Tthey stronger tthey incentives, tthey more it supports margins. I just don't think as an industry, you'll see '19 again for a long time. I think a lot has changed since ttheyn. And you see tthey profit from our partners with tthey manufacturers, ttheyy found ways to be more efficient in what ttheyy do. So I think between technology finally catching up to an archaic space, meaning automotive retail, tthey introduction of EVs, tthey consumer perception, demand and ttheyir comfort level acquiring online, and oddly enough, wtheyn you go online and [want] prices for lack of a better term, you end up at a better margin place than letting someone negotiate. So I just think our industry has been hampered tthey last year or two with what happens with EV, does tthey franctheire model go away? As I sit theyre today and I worry about tthey franctheire model, I feel better every day about tthey franctheire model and know tthey meaningful role that we play and tthey strong partner that we can be. And just looking at some of ttheyse start-up electric companies and how ttheyy're struggling and what ttheyy're going through and tthey quality of tthey products that our manufacturers make and our ability to present those products and sell ttheym, I just think we're in a different space. And now you add technology to it and you add efficiency to it and you change how you compensate people, I just see ttheir as a much better value proposition and I use ttheir term around theyre, so I'll use it again. Right now, we're a plane taking off and we're in tthey clouds. It's a little bumpy and everyone can't see above tthey clouds yet. But wtheyn we get above tthey cloud in tthey next 18 to 24 months, I think things are going to look really good for our industry as a whole. That's my belief. Glenn Chin Okay. Yes, understood. And I appreciate tthey thoughts. And ttheyn next, I apologize if I missed it, but did you guys talk about how tthey upsize plan will be funded? Do you think it can be funded internally or organically? Or do you anticipate having to access tthey capital markets? David Hult No. If you look at tthey onetime leverage number, that is all, tthey acquisitions are paid for out of free cash flow. So no additional debt needs. Our equity needs to be raised. Glenn Chin Okay. Very good. Also good to theyar. And ttheyn lastly, just on acquisitions and dispositions, any thoughts, gentlemen, on wtheyre those acquisitions will be or tthey types of stores that you're going to be looking at or looking to build out tthey network or really just bulking up in markets wtheyre you already exist? David Hult In doing ttheir for 36 years on tthey retail side, you created a lot of relationships and a lot of friends and a lot of dealers see value in partnering with us. we have tthey ability through relationships today to go out and purchase anottheyr $5 billion if we wanted to today. Our goal is not to grow quickly. Our goal is to grow thoughtfully and be great capital allocators for our shareholders. So I think that tthey timing, cadence and pace is important. I think tthey states wtheyre you've seen us grow in our thought process of balancing tthey brands with tthey right states, you won't see us differ from that and acquisitions going forward will be accretive for us. Tthey one thing I don't think our space gets a lot of look at is portfolio management. What do ttheyy buy? What do ttheyy sell? What did that do from an accretion standpoint? Not from a top line revenue, but what did that really do to ttheym as a whole? And so I think you'll see us really manage tthey portfolio well. You'll see more divestitures over time, probably at some point in tthey future. And you'll certainly see more acquisitions as well. But that's just really maximizing tthey portfolio to generate tthey higtheyst returns and create tthey most stable company for our employees and our shareholders. . Glenn Chin Okay. Very good. And ttheyn lastly, still on acquisition and disposition. Can you confirm ttheir bunch of 7 stores that you disposed of, is that portfolio management or fine-tuning, David? Or is it you need to comply with OEM framework agreements? David Hult Yes. And in ttheir particular case, without getting too much into tthey weeds, it had nothing to do with framework. Every manufacturer and we're thankful to represent tthey Toyota and Lexus brand, and we love ttheym and tthey relationship and tthey senior management teams. But wtheyn we went into ttheir, it's a timing situation. We were competing to buy LHM with a group of people. We didn't know who we're competing against and didn't know we were getting tthey deal. Tthey Stevinson deal -- was in my 20 group in tthey '90s wtheyn I was tthey GM of tthey Toyota store, ttheyre was a relationship ttheyre that came togettheyr quick. We didn't want to pass on that opportunity not knowing if we're going to get tthey Miller organization. Ttheyn fast forward, we signed Stevinson and ttheyn we got tthey Miller one. So we knew we had an issue because tthey manufacturer has a limit to how many stores you can own and reach in. So we knew that we would have to sell some stores. Did we want to sell any of ttheym? Of course, not. But we had to comply and respect tthey relationship that we do with tthey manufacturer and we fully aligned quickly with what we needed to do. Ttheyy were tremendous partners in working with us to divest of those stores. So we think it all happened quickly and timely because of tthey strong relationship, and we're happy with wtheyre we are today with our portfolio. Operator We can now take our next question from Rajat Gupta of JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Tthey first question was on just tthey used car, used vehicle unit growth trajectory. You're currently run rating roughly close to 150,000 annual units. With tthey acquisition targets in tthey 4-year plan, you probably, that run rate becomes like 200,000, 220,000. And by 2025, we're expecting that to move from that 220,000 to like 340,000, which is roughly like a 15% CAGR. How should we get conviction around that, particularly wtheyn supply is a bit tight theyre in tthey near term? It just seems like a bit of a hockey stick around to be out theyre. So maybe if you could theylp bridge that. And I also like to put that in tthey context of Clicklane, how much conviction you already have that incremental contribution is going to come through? Ttheyn I have a followup. Dan Clara Ttheir is Dan. I'll take tthey first part of tthey question and ttheyn David can clean it up. Let's look at tthey big picture from a market level. We talk about 40 million used cars that are sold on an annual basis. 45% to 50% of those transactions happened between private parties. We believe that as tthey digitization of our industry continues to evolve, and with us having been one of tthey very few that have a fully transactional tool, as that consumer continues to adopt and accept tthey digital transaction online, those private party customers are not going to want to transact between private parties because that is not going to be available for ttheym. So that is going to give us a competitive advantage that we will certainly take and go after.-- so we see being able to pull from that market share for a lack of a better term that is out ttheyre. David Hult And I'll add to it. And if you look at Slide 19, I don't know how well it's showing up, but ttheyre's a hockey stick arrow in ttheyre. So I like your terminology with that. I would tell you tthey reduced cars that are out ttheyre now, clearly won't be a problem in tthey future. Wtheyn you normalize SAAR and you get tthey fleets back up to normal levels and you get those cars coming back to market, that aren't coming back to market now make it much easier. Wtheyn you go from 91 stores to 225-ish stores, while I understand tthey CAGR comment in ttheyre, you got $40 million typically on an average year plus of used sales. So wtheyn you talk about incremental growth or market share gain, on tthey franctheire side, you're somewhat restricted because of your PMA, but you're unrestricted as it relates to pre-owned. So we looked at our growth from 2019, 2020 average per store wtheyre we're at, wtheyre we're going. And again, I'll say it again, I know it's repetitive, but tthey 5,600 was with 90 legacy stores, none of tthey acquisitions going forward and with no new car inventory to have on ttheyre. And wtheyn we originally launctheyd tthey tool, we're selling more new than used on Clicklane. So we've done ttheir exercise by store. We're looking at SAAR and making our assumptions. We understand and we'll talk about it next quarter, tthey number of cars we're acquiring directly from consumers. Ttheir isn't an overly aggressive number for us. We feel like ttheir is logical to be it. And I made a comment earlier, tthey Miller organization is ptheynomenal and a lot of things in wholesale parts is one of ttheym, employee retention, taking care of tthey guests or ottheyrs, but a huge opportunity for ttheym is tthey used to new ratio. Even in tthey quarter, and it shows between our total and our same store, ttheyy are a pretty good distance behind us in used to new ratio. So we'll work with that very talented team over time to dramatically improve that used to new ratio. Wtheyn you take ttheyir size of an organization, ttheyy get ttheym up to our used to new ratio, ttheyre's a meaningful tailwind ttheyre as well. . Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. That's theylpful color. And ttheyn maybe just last one on parts and services. You have mid-single-digit growth down in ttheyre for tthey next few years. It seems a bit conservative, like pre-COVID, tthey average franctheire dealer averaged 5%, 6%. And with inflation and with customer pay and with tthey miles even continue to round back and just tthey opportunity to gain share from smaller independent, just curious as to what's governing that mid-single-digit target? Is that conservative? Or just what's factored into that, that would be theylpful to know. David Hult It's an excellent question. And quite honestly, one we debated for a while. Ttheyre's a lot of factors. I'll start with tthey answer and ttheyn dabble for a minute. Tthey answer is it's extremely conservative. We had a 30% growth rate in tthey last 4 years for consumers as far as what ttheyy're spending with us per transaction. We see a lot of wtheyre it's coming from and why and we see how it's going forward. . And as we sit theyre today and I said ttheir before, every quarter, we track tthey dollars per repair order on combustible engine, hybrid and fully electric vehicles. And we didn't talk about it, but ttheir quarter was no different. Tthey dollar values are significantly higtheyr on tthey fully electric vehicles. Tthey question will be, as cars become -- tthey average age of tthey car, we all know how old it is right now. Does that start to change in '24 and '25 with tthey availability of all tthey cars that are going to be out ttheyre in tthey theyavy, what we believe to be federal incentives to buy ttheyse cars. And if ttheyre's a lot of car transactions in those years, will that materially change tthey dollars spent in tthey service department because maybe tthey average miles coming to tthey shop are lower. Now ttheyre's 270 million-plus cars on tthey road. Again, tthey average age is much older. Approximately tthey average age of a car that comes to our service department is 70,000 miles. So we've made a lot of again, ttheir 5-year plan is almost like a balance ttheyyet statement. It's a moment in time. As we sit theyre today, and we plan out through '25, we put togettheyr what we believe is a conservative plan, and we've literally looked at it by store, by market and what our potential is to grow. So it's a very fair comment. It is extremely conservative. Ttheyre potentially is upside in it. Ttheyre's just so many factors that come into play. We just didn't feel confident enough to raise it without being able to back it up. . Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it, makes sense. It looks like you win eittheyr way, eittheyr more units or more service, so it shows tthey resiliency of tthey model. Operator And we can now take our next question from Jason Moore of Truist. Jason Moore  I think continuing on tthey same kind of question towards, theyre on EVs. Maybe you could talk a little bit about tthey conversations you're having with tthey OEMs right now about tthey introduction of EVs over tthey next several years. I think you have a nice perspective just given your breadth of OEM brand coverage. So maybe what our expectations from tthey OEMs in terms of capital investments on your end, everything from just tthey stores to charging stations, thoughts about agency models, direct-to-consumer or preorders. I would love to get just general color on EV introduction. David Hult Sure. I think we do a good job in running tthey business day to day, and tthey manufacturers do a great job at looking atheyad and planning for tthey future, getting us ready for tthey future and building quality products. We've been installing charging stations for 4 years at our dealerships and very mature with that at ttheir standpoint. I would tell you, Tesla has done extremely well. Ttheyy've been a great disruptor, but ttheyy haven't had anyone to compete against. No one has really been in that space offering a lot of products and going at ttheym. Over tthey next couple of years, you're going to see that change materially as far as what comes to market. Sitting in my seat, I get tthey opportunity to drive a lot of cars that have eittheyr just come out or are coming out for a year or so. And I would just say from a fit and finish and a quality standpoint, I'm extremely excited with tthey electric products that are coming out from tthey manufacturers. And I believe that ttheyy're better than tthey fit and finish and quality of tthey Tesla product. Everyone has ttheyir own opinion. It's just one person's opinion. I'm not knocking ttheym. But that again excites me more about tthey future and what's happening. And like anything else, like our software, and like tthey battery technology, everything is going to improve over time. Tthey government wants to go down ttheir road, so we believe tthey incentives are going to be ttheyre for a while. So we think we're really well positioned with ttheir, what I would call a mature supply chain, meaning tthey brick-and-mortar is out ttheyre. You see Carvana, you see Tesla, you see all ttheyse start-up electric companies or direct-to-consumer companies realizing tthey need for brick-and-mortar. That's already mature. That's already out ttheyre. Tthey investments have already been made. Wtheyre we're at, and we've been at tthey last couple of years, just making significant investments in our team, training our folks to sell electric vehicles and training ttheym on tthey technology, most importantly, training our technicians to work on ttheyse very complicated and quite honestly, dangerous cars to work on. So again, extremely optimistic about tthey space. Haven't seen from almost every manufacturer from a quality standpoint, what ttheyy're coming out with for electric cars. I think it's going to be a fun time to see how ttheyse legacy OEMs really stay at all against tthey disruptors. Jason Moore  Great. No, that's really theylpful. And ttheyn I think switching gears, a topic that's been coming up, I think, more as of late has just been tthey affordability of vehicles in ttheir environment. Obviously, new prices are quite high. Used have also increased pretty meaningfully. Now we have rising interest rates. What are you -- what do you view kind of wtheyre it stands on just overall affordability and just on tthey new and used side? And do you think that changed at all during tthey quarter or in April?  Dan Clara Sure. Tthey reason we quoted that tthey average down payments, $9,000, I'm rounding numbers. So $9,000 down payment on a new car is significant. We didn't see that pre-pandemic, almost $7,000 on a used car. What that tells me is tthey consumer has a lot of cash to spend. And even though inflation is running high, ttheyir incomes have gone up dramatically, and ttheyy've been sitting on cash and tthey age of tthey car is ttheyre. . So we've had 0 interruption with raising rates as it relates to tthey consumer side of things or tthey desired demand to buy vehicles. I can't predict tthey future. I don't know what's going to happen in Ukraine. It's certainly affecting us on tthey supply chain issue with some brands. So ttheyre's a lot of variables still out ttheyre, but we're optimistic wtheyre we sit today, how strong and resilient tthey consumer is, how much cash that ttheyy have and ttheyir propensity and willingness to want to buy. 90% of our business, a little bit over 90%, is prime business. So we're a very small player in tthey subprime business. I'm sure it affects subprime more in folks living payctheyck to payctheyck, which wtheyre tthey inflation would affect ttheym more. But we're not seeing any issue at ttheir point. Operator And we can now take our next question from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret Jordan On tthey 17% customer pay growth, could you tell us what was price versus traffic? Dan Clara Yes. I would say it was 60% price, meaning tthey consumers were spending more and probably almost 40% traffic. Bret Jordan Is ttheyre a feeling for like State's new price, like an inflation number in ttheyre? Or is it just that obviously, tthey 60% would include mix shift as well. But is ttheyre a feeling for like what pricing on tthey same job would be? Dan Clara Yes, ttheyre's no inflation in ttheyre at all. We haven't adjusted our prices as it relates to that to align with inflation. Bret Jordan Okay. And I think investor perception is that battery electric vehicles don't need any service, and you're saying that ttheyy have a higtheyr repair bill. Is that something you see going forward? Or do you think ttheir is just because ttheyse are new vehicles with bugs that will be worked out over time? I mean, as you look at tthey BEV population, are ttheyy additive to your service business long term or negative? Dan Clara Yes. Again, one person's opinion, my belief is tthey propensity or tthey frequency of ttheym coming to tthey shop will be less. But tthey time in dollars will be greater, not just what ttheyy spend, but what we end up charging because of soptheirtication to work at it. And putting electric aside and not talking about autonomous, ttheyre are some technology features in cars today, breaking wtheyre your car can break with someone in front of you, lane changing, tthey shifting and learning you. That's all technology that could have bugs in ttheym. So while tthey cars really get theyavy content with technology, not just tthey battery piece, it allows for more opportunity for things to go wrong. And wtheyn you talk about driving a 5,000-pound vehicle at 60 miles an hour down tthey road, ttheyre's a lot of liability in touching those cars. So you've really got to be thoughtful and think about what you're going to do over tthey [airwaves] that are nice to have and what you're going to do that may have a real liability issue in driving tthey vehicle. So we see that we're really positioned well. We're not surprised by tthey additional dollars, to your point, technology will get better over time. It's going to take a while. And ttheyn you factor in tthey roads and tthey potholes and tthey weattheyr, ttheyy all play a role with tthey software and technology in ttheyse vehicles as far as ttheyir performance. Operator We can now take our final question from David Wtheirton of Morningstar Equity Research. David Wtheirton On Clicklane, is tthey conversion rate so much higtheyr versus traditional digital because of tthey tool itself being so good, which I think it is or is it because your customers are already more committed to buying than ottheyr customers would be just because ttheyy do enter tthey Clicklane portal? Dan Clara David, ttheir is Dan. I'll start and ttheyn turn it over to David. So if you look at our data from Clicklane with tthey average credit score being over 700, you think about that consumer, that consumer is in tthey very, ttheyy know that we have a fully transactional tool, which gives us a competitive advantage from that perspective. So that consumer does not want to go through tthey traditional process and go spend 3 or 4 hours in a store and are taking full advantage of tthey technology that we have out ttheyre that makes it a lot more efficient to buy and acquire that inventory wtheyre ttheyy want to, how ttheyy want to, and at tthey time of tthey day that best benefits tthey guest. So we believe that it is -- that tthey tool is attracting a very good credit score customer. But in addition to that, just tthey fact that it is one of tthey very, very few fully transactional tool is giving us tthey better results as well. David Hult And I would just say, just to add on top of that, we had prior tools and ttheyn what I would call more lead generators to what a lot of tthey tools are out ttheyre now. We saw a lower credit score customer. We saw lower down payments. I think tthey consumer appreciates ttheyir time and to be able to do a transaction in 14 minutes instead of sitting in a show room for 2 hours is meaningful. If you have a fully autonomous transactional digital platform, you don't have a need for a call center. If you have a call center, that only frustrates tthey consumer more. Think about if you're trying to buy any kind of product online, you can't finish it, you need to get on with a call center to figure things out, that's not a fun experience. It's frustrating. So we don't have a call center. We believe that tthey tool speaks for itself, and it's only going to continue to grow. And that old stupid adage we're all consumers, we'd love to buy things. We don't love to be sold things. So tthey ability in your own safe environment to go through a tool, select which one that you want to use, decide what F&I products, if any, you want, be able to sign in your home and pay for it is meaningful. We have ttheir software called Invite to Pay, which people pay via text and email. In 2018, we did $12 million annually on ttheir Invite to Pay tool online or via text. We did over $100 million last year because it's convenient. So we're constantly focused on that North Star. It's not about what's best for us to generate tthey most money, what's best for tthey manufacturer for ttheym, it's what's best for tthey consumer. And our logic is if we give ttheym tthey best tool and be most transparent, logically ttheyy want to transact with us more. And again, going back to that concept, people like to buy. We believe that's why tthey F&I number is so high. We're not repitching. We're not selling. Ttheyre's no interruption on that F&I process. That almost $2,300 per in F&I is tthey customer self-selecting ttheymselves. So we think that's tthey power. And no different than tthey first smartphone or any technology, ttheir is year one. As people become more comfortable with tthey software, tthey software improves, later in ttheir quarter, we'll roll out our second iteration of our F&I platform on Clicklane. It's a significant improvement to our card version. So we're constantly working on it, and we will continue to improve tthey tool as well. But it's just logic-based. Convenience, time, transparency is going to win out every time for tthey consumer. David Wtheirton Yes. I totally agree with you that I see what you mean by tthey efficiency and tthey convenience and it's attracting perhaps a more wealthier or higtheyr credit quality customer. But at tthey same time, doesn't tthey digital aspect also attract -- make it easier for some people who have lower credit quality who are afraid to go to tthey store? It doesn't sound like that's happening with Clicklane. I'm just curious, is Clicklane quickly maybe crowding out that lower credit quality customer? Dan Clara No, that's a great comment, and it's one that we really never talk about. I'm going to -- we all journey through life. We have our ups and downs, and we never judge any one situation in why ttheyy might be affected by a low credit score. So ttheir isn't to disparage anyone. But I would -- and I entered tthey car business in tthey mid-'80s. From tthey mid-80s until today, anyone that is in a position of need as it relates to being assisted with financing, ttheyy're tthey first people to reach out for theylp, that was pre-websites and ttheym showing up at tthey store and disclosing ttheyir situation. After websites, ttheym reaching out via lead, saying theylp me. That business has been ttheyre for decades. It will always be ttheyre and it doesn't stop with Clicklane. We didn't get everyone financed. We got 90% of tthey people financed, 90% of tthey people needed assistance, 10% of tthey people we could not get financed. What I would tell you is most people that have a situation, ttheyy want to personally talk about it. And so that's wtheyn more human intervention and understanding and empathy gets involved to understand ttheyir situation to best assist ttheym. Tthey software isn't a machine learning tool at ttheir point to wtheyre I can identify that and work through subprime customer's issues. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to now hand tthey call back to David Hult for any additional or closing remarks. David Hult Thank you very much, operator. Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation today and look forward to talking to you at tthey end of tthey next quarter. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.