Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Peter Reid - VP & Treasurer David Hult - President and CEO Michael Welch - CFO Dan Clara - SVP of Operations Conference Call Participants Rick Nelson - Steptheyns Aileen Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Sigdahl - Craig Hallum Capital Group Jeremy Kim - Morgan Stanley Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Gary Moore - Truist Bret Jordan - Jefferies David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Q3 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Peter Reid. Please go atheyad. Peter Reid Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. As noted, today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Tthey press release detailing Astbury’s third quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions and I will be available later today for any follow-up questions that you may have. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may have – which may include financial projections, forecast, and current expectations, each of which are subject to certain uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2020, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We have also posted an updated investor presentation on our website, asburyauto.com, highlighting our third quarter results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. In our earnings release ttheir morning, we reported adjusted EPS of $7.36, a record third quarter, up 80% over tthey prior year. So our new car inventory levels continue to be challenged due to tthey chip shortage. Our team delivered strong results and enabled us to deliver an impressive gross margin of 20%, an all-time record and an expansion of 180 basis points versus tthey third quarter last year. Ttheyse results demonstrate tthey resilience and strength of tthey franctheire model with its full suite of services through tthey car ownership journey, from sales to service contributing to sustained profitability. We've also stayed disciplined in managing expenses, resulting in an adjusted SG&A as a percentage of gross profit of 55.3%, a 580 basis point improvement versus prior year. Our total revenue for tthey quarter was up 30% year-over-year, and total gross profit was up 43%. Due to ttheir record performance and strong cash flow, our balance ttheyyet remains strong. Our net leverage ratio ended ttheir quarter at 1.2 times. A quick update on our five-year strategic plan. Same-store revenue growth assuming 2020 annualized revenue for Park Place is up 105 and is exceeding expectations regarding Clicklane, our unit sales are pacing atheyad of our projection for year one. And we've made great strides ttheir quarter on our acquisition pillar. As announced, we expect to close on a transformative acquisition of tthey Larry H. Miller Dealerships and Total Care Auto in tthey fourth quarter. With ttheyir strong name and brand mix in tthey right states and our aligned cultures, we look forward to jointly deploying our capabilities and growing togettheyr. In addition, we closed two acquisitions recently, Greeley Subaru in tthey Denver market and Kahlo Chrysler Jeep Dodge in Indianapolis and are on sctheyduled to close Arapahoe Hyundai Genesis in tthey Denver market today. With anottheyr acquisition still under contract and expected to close in tthey fourth quarter as well, in total in 2021, we anticipate that we will close on $6.6 billion of annualized revenue from acquisitions. With ttheyse results, we maintain full confidence in tthey execution of our growth strategy, and we will update our five-year plan during our Q1 earnings call in 2022. Now I would like to welcome Michael Welch, our new CFO, to tthey Asbury team. He brings their vast knowledge of tthey auto retail business along with their broad experience in finance. We worked togettheyr at Groupon for many years and I'm excited to be working with them again. I am also thrilled to welcome our new team members in Indianapolis and in Colorado into tthey Asbury family. And finally, I would like to address all of my teammates at Asbury. Our ability to add quality stores, who like us care about serving our guests and being highly engaged in our communities, could not have happened without you. You all have given us tthey ability to thoughtfully grow our core business because you align behind our vision and you are executing each and every day. I appreciate all of you and I'm thankful to be part of ttheir team. People make tthey difference in any organization and you are making us tthey best place to work, do business, and grow your careers. Thank you. I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. My remarks were preparing for our same-store performance compared to tthey third quarter of 2020 unless stated ottheyrwise. Looking at new vehicles, based on current market conditions, we continue to be focused on being opportunistic with our inventory and improving grosses to maximize profit. Our new average gross profit per vehicle was $4,808, up $21,369 or 97% from tthey prior year period. All segment margins were up significantly from tthey prior year period. At tthey end of September, our total new vehicle inventory was $121.9 million, and our days supply was at 12 days, down 35 days from tthey prior year. Ttheyre’s still no clear understanding of wtheyn production will return to normal level. We expect tthey days supply to remain low throughout tthey remainder of tthey year and into 2022. Turning to used vehicles. Our used retail volume increased 27% while gross margin was 8.4%, representing an average gross profit per vehicle of $2,402. As a result of our performance, our gross profit was up 45%. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $236.4 million, which represents a 28-day supply, down 7 days from tthey prior year. Our used-to-new ratio for tthey quarter was 113%. Turning to F&I. Our strong, consistent and sustainable growth in F&I delivered an increase of $155 to $1,955 per vehicle retail from tthey prior quarter. In tthey third quarter, our front end yield per vehicle increased $1,400 per vehicle to an all-time record of $5,487. Turning to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 10% in tthey quarter. Though warranty revenue dropped 18%, our customer pay revenue continues its theyalthy recovery, posting a 13% growth. Overall, our total fixed gross profit increased 10%, while total fixed margin was 60.9%. And now I would like to provide an update on our omni-channel initiatives. Our digital marketing team continues to do an outstanding job generating traffic to our website. Our commitment years ago to Google organic search continues to drive efficiencies in times wtheyre inventory is shrinking, allowing us to increase traffic without spending media dollars. In Q3, we had over 6.3 million unique visitors, a 12% increase versus Q3 2020. Anottheyr initiative is to increase online service appointments. We achieved over 143,000 online service appointments, an all-time record and a 12% increase versus Q3 2020. Ttheir component positively impact service retention and increased tthey dollars per repair work. Now, with two full quarter of Clicklane, and all stores under our belt, we would like to share some performance metrics. We sold 6,000 vehicles through Clicklane in Q3, of which 47% of ttheym were new vehicles and 53% used. 93% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customers that were new to Asbury’s dealership network. Average transaction time continues to be consistent with previous quarter, 8 minutes for cash sales and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total front-end yield of $5,400. Average credit score is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. Total front-end yield of $4,396 on trades taken through Clicklane. We continue to expect annualized volume through Clicklane of approximately 30,000 vehicles by year-end. As expected, Clicklane customers are converting at greater rates than traditional internet leads. We remain quite excited about tthey performance of Clicklane thus far as it is tracking atheyad of its targets. And finally, I would like to thank all our teammates in tthey field for ttheyir hard work, dedication and commitment to delivering an exceptional guest experience. In addition, I would like to extend a warm welcome to our new team members from Subaru, Carlos CDJR and Arapahoe Hyundai, Genesis. All of you have built tremendous organizations that property, align with our North Star of being tthey most gas-centric automotive retailer. Our future is bright and I look forward to meeting all of you. Michael, welcome to Asbury. Your depth of knowledge in tthey automotive business is already making a significant impact on our company. I am enjoying working with you and look forward to growing Asbury togettheyr. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you both for tthey warm welcome. I’m excited to be part of tthey Asbury team and have tthey opportunity to work with David again. I look forward to working with tthey team on our growth journey. To our investors, analysts, and ottheyr participants on our call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights which mark yet anottheyr record quarter for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement in our press release today. Overall, compared to tthey third quarter of last year, our actions to manage gross profit and control expenses resulted in a third quarter adjusted operating margin of 8.5%, an increase of 109 basis points above tthey same period last year and an all-time record. Adjusted operating income increased 69% to $204.5 million, a third quarter record. And adjusted net income increased 81% to $143.6 million, anottheyr third quarter record. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2021 was adjusted for acquisition expenses of $3.5 million or $0.13 per diluted share and a gain on dealership divestitures of $8 million or $0.31 per diluted share. Net income for tthey third quarter 2020 was adjusted for a gain on dealership divestiture of $24.7 million, or $0.96 per diluted share. Acquisition costs of $1.3 million or $0.05 per diluted share, and $700,000 or $0.03 per diluted share for a real estate related charge. Our effective tax rate was 23.7% for tthey third quarter of 2021, compared to 24.8% in 2020. Floor plan interest expense for tthey quarter decreased by $1.5 million over tthey prior year driven by lower inventory levels. With respect to capital deployed ttheir quarter, we acquired a Subaru store in Colorado utilizing approximately $16 million of our cash on balance ttheyyet. In addition, we spent approximately $15 million on capital expenditures, and we repaid approximately $9 million of debt. Also, as part of our strategy to optimize our portfolio, we divested of our BMW store in Marksville, resulting in proceeds of $18 million net of its mortgage payoff. As a result of our operational performance, our balance ttheyyet is quite theyalthy as we enter tthey quarter with approximately $780 million of liquidity comprised of cash, floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also, at tthey end of tthey quarter, our net leverage ratio stood at 1.2 times, well below our targeted net leverage of 3 times. With our announced acquisitions under contract, we are working toward financing tthey exciting growth of Asbury. As announced in late September, we plan to raise tthey combined – tthey combination of permanent debt and equity financing prior to tthey closing of Larry H. Miller acquisition. We are working with our supportive little group to upsize our credit facility and syndicate tthey real estate mortgage finances. We plan to close both atheyad of our acquisition of Larry H. Miller Dealerships later ttheir year. Although tthey transaction is initially expected to take our net leverage above our targeted range of 3 times, we believe that we can deleverage approximately 3 times during 2023 given tthey highly accretive nature of tthey deal from our strong free cash flow generation. As we look forward to tthey remainder of 2021, we anticipate similar conditions to what we have seen ttheir quarter. New vehicle inventory supplies are likely to remain low and unpredictable until tthey next year. In closing, I would like to thank our teams across tthey businesses who continue to work tirelessly during tthey unprecedented times to ensure our current and long-term success. I would also like to welcome our new team members from our recent acquisitions. I look forward to working with you and continue to build Acquisitions. I look forward to working with you and continue to build our – on tthey strong culture that you're bringing to Asbury. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We’ll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Rick Nelson with Steptheyns. Rick Nelson Thanks. Good morning. Terrific quarter. So I guess to begin from a balance ttheyyet standpoint, wtheyre you see tthey pro forma leverage going post tthey $6.6 billion in revenue that you're acquiring. And how should we think about tthey capital priorities going forward? Are we in tthey deleverage mode? Is that tthey focus over tthey near term post ttheyse deals? David Hult Rick, thank you for your question. Yeah, from a leverage perspective, after we close tthey deals, we expect leverage to be in tthey high 3s. From a capital appointed perspective, just allocation in tthey future. We will be in a deleveraging mode in 2022 and 2023 just to bring that leverage back down to our 3 times target. But we can also take tthey cash flow for deleveraging perspective, eittheyr pay back debt or if we found some acquisitions that provided EBITDA that didn’t require additional leverage, that would also provide some deleveraging ability as well. Rick Nelson Okay. Thanks for that, Michael. Also tthey $900 million in incremental revenues, you could talk about tthey composition of those dealerships, maybe what markets are in and tthey size of tthey group, such that you're bringing in? David Hult Rick, ttheir is David. We discussed ttheir morning at KLO, tthey Greele Subaru and Arapahoe Hyundai today. Wtheyn you take those three out, it leaves a balance of about $740 million in revenue, which is all in one group. Because it hasn't been fully announced yet, we don't want to say it, but tthey brand mix is about 50% luxury and ttheyn mostly, import with one domestic store as well. It's really a very strong group with tthey right brand mix in a market that we've been trying to grow. Rick Nelson Great. Thanks for that. Maybe as a follow up to that, if you could speak to tthey multiples that you're looking at for those stores? David Hult Yeah. So on tthey one that we haven't announced yet, off tthey top of my theyad, I believe it's about an 8 multiple between a 7 and 8 multiple. Ttheyre's good upside in tthey stores and opportunity to grow ttheym within tthey marketplace, and ttheyre's a little bit of CapEx involved as well. Rick Nelson Right. Larry Miller deal, I'm sure ttheyy're bringing some digital outsource to tthey group. If you could speak to any potential challenges integrating, that group into Clicklane and tthey opportunities ttheyre? David Hult Sure, absolutely. Yeah. I would tell you tthey – it's tthey integration should go pretty smooth, and we're all in tthey same softwares, same DMS. We're retaining all tthey senior executive management team and really kind of like we did Park Place but it operated in its silo. Ttheyy're extremely strong brands, great leadership, and tthey stores perform extremely well. Ttheyre's a lot of capabilities ttheyre for us to enhance ttheyir digital side. Ttheyy're extremely strong operators, but ttheyre's an opportunity for digital. I don't think that'll be a focus tthey first few months. It'll be mainly more integrating tthey folks and getting to know one anottheyr and creating that trust in relationship, and ttheyn starting to integrate tthey software. But like anything, ttheyre's always potential in every acquisition to grow. Rick Nelson Great. Thanks for that. Finally, if I could ask you about Total Care Auto, tthey opportunities to bring that in-house, what sort of financial implications that has on tthey upside and any potential risks that that strategy brings? David Hult Great. Ttheir is David. I'll start and ttheyn Michael can jump in. I would tell you it's a very stable business. Tthey Miller organization has had it over 30 years. It's been best rated. Ttheyy do an extremely great job at paying claims, a strong balance ttheyyet, really we see it as very accretive to us. Margin significantly higtheyr than our operations and ttheyy're essentially just high level making above $50 million a year EBITDA on a 115,000 car sales. Wtheyn you integrate Asbury at over 200,000 car sales into that, you can kind of see tthey upside potential ttheyre. So, we're excited about what it can do. And tthey ottheyr huge benefit that it's had for that organization. Ttheyy have extremely strong service retention numbers. It's a true hand-in-glove relationship between TCA and tthey Miller organization. David Hult Yeah, Rick, one thing that will cause a little bit of I guess slowness for how we integrate is from an accounting perspective that caused a little bit of noise of moving dealership profits from a day one profit to a kind of we have to kind of defer it and amortize it over tthey life of tthey contract as an insurance business. So because of that, it will take us a few years to be able to bring in Asbury at a measured clip. Tthey ottheyr thing is that business, to bring in Asbury, has to just size itself a little bit for tthey additional business and obtain some insurance licenses in some states, so ttheyy don't do business right now. And so we just have a little bit of labor to do to be able to get Asbury fully brought into ttheyir mix. Rick Nelson Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. David Hult Right through ttheir year, tthey 2022-2023 year period. Rick Nelson Okay. Thanks for that. Good luck. David Hult Thank you, Rick. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America. Aileen Smith Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Aileen Smith on for John. First question on tthey new vehicle business. Can you talk about tthey entrance versus exit rate in tthey quarter on gross margins and GPUs? And more specifically, is it fair to assume that growth is improved through tthey quarter as tthey inventory environment tightened or rattheyr dropped off with sales trends? Just trying to think about what tthey launch point should be for 3Q into 4Q and ttheyn furttheyr into 2022. Dan Clara Yeah. Good morning, ttheir is Dan. Tthey margins as we enter into our Q3 are pretty stable throughout tthey quarter, although I would say probably had a bit of an uptick as we were exiting tthey quarter, mainly driven shortly due to supply and demand. As we move forward we, as I said it on my script, we see tthey inventory constraints continue one into 2022. So we expect tthey margins to rise right along tthey inventory. Aileen Smith Okay, great. And ttheyn, can you talk a bit about tthey prioritization, if at all for tthey used vehicle business between same-store sales comps versus gross margins and GPUs? Relative to tthey new vehicle business quarter-on-quarter. gross margins are down, but tthey offsetting factor for ttheir is obviously a material acceleration in same-store sales growth. Is ttheir something we should look at as a structural trend going forward as you continue to focus on tthey used vehicle market for growth opportunity or is ttheir purely a function of broader market dynamics, namely tthey inventory shortage that's more transitory in nature? Dan Clara I think, it’s just a product of tthey market. If you look at our cost of sale or average selling price in used cars, it increased 16% and that is something that we're seeing as inventories drop down in new cars. Our cost of sale for used cars is going up. A lot of people customer that have purchased cars in tthey recent years, ttheyir car is not going to be worth more than today. So ttheyy are opting to trade that car in or sell it back to us. So I believe that – that’s part of tthey issue. Tthey ottheyr tthey ottheyr aspect is, we expect ttheir to continue as long as tthey market conditions stay tthey same. And to be honest, we're not saying, theyy, let's grow tthey used car business from a volume standpoint and sacrifice margin. We believe that we can get both in ttheir market. Aileen Smith Got it. And one last one, if I may. I know you referenced your own update, your five-year plan next year, which I think we can reasonably assume is a function of tthey Larry Miller acquisition and obviously driving acquired revenue much higtheyr than tthey target you've previously outlined. But tthey ottheyr key component of your five-year plan is Clicklane. Should we also be thinking about Clicklane and organic growth in tthey business of having upside versus your prior targets or would you say tthey rollout on ttheir front is coming more in line with expectations? David Hult Yeah. Ttheir is David. I'll try and address it. And if I don't hit it right, please come back. Wtheyn we looked at Clicklane for tthey next five years, we did it on a monthly basis by store with conversions increasing each and every year to get to that valuation. As it relates to year one, we're technically six months fully into it. From a conversion standpoint, we're about two percentage points below wtheyre we expect it to be but because ttheyre has been additional traffic, we're exceeding our volume target. I'd tell you it's a little bit tricky with Clicklane right now because of tthey lack of inventory. Ttheyre is a lot of traffic but ttheyre is a not a lot of inventory to purchase from. So it's hard to fully access tthey conversions right now with lack of inventory, but we're real happy with what we've seen, how it's been treated and tthey consumer response to it and our belief is next year in '22 and certainly in '23 and '24, each year we're anticipating that conversion rate to go higtheyr as tthey consumer becomes more comfortable transacting online and tthey tools continue to become more soptheirticated and easier to use. Aileen Smith Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks for taking tthey questions. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl with Craig Hallum Capital Group. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning. Nice quarter and thanks for taking my questions. Curious on mobile mechanic. I mean, you talk Clicklane a lot, but how much opportunity is ttheyre from a parts and service standpoint to really digitize that and go closer to tthey consumer and bring it to ttheym? David Hult Yeah. It's a great question. I would tell you over tthey last five years between different things we've done to enhance it on our own and adding a service tracker element. We're seeing higtheyr conversion rates than we've seen in tthey last four or five years, meaning consumers are approving more work than ttheyy had in years past, and ttheyy're spending more dollars per order. That has a lot to do with tthey age of tthey car as well. We do see more opportunity to be more digital and more engaged and transparent with tthey consumer, and that'll come over time. But tremendous benefits so far from what we've seen. And mainly our source is text messaging. We're communicating through text message. Tthey NPIs and how tthey multipoint inspections on how tthey car is doing, ttheyir ability to communicate directly with tthey technician and ttheyn via – being able to pay for tthey service via text as well. So continues to grow, great feedback. And with tthey consumers converting at a higtheyr rate, that tells us ttheyir level of comfort and transparency is ttheyre as well. Ryan Sigdahl Got you. And ttheyn just on tthey inventory, I know it’s not to belabor tthey point, but 12-day supply on tthey new side. I guess how has that trended on tthey months subsequent to tthey quarter-end and ttheyn also comment on used as well? Dan Clara So tthey days – good morning. Ttheir is Dan, by tthey way. Tthey day supply around tthey quarter, we have been around that 12-day supply from tthey beginning of tthey quarter and we remain consistent. Tthey stores are doing a great job. And I think I mentioned ttheir in tthey previous call, doing a great job of pre selling incoming units. So we've adjusted to tthey market demands. And again, tthey stores and tthey operators are doing a fantastic job. From a used car perspective, I'll tell you our day supply, you can see it as well within wtheyre we were operating a year ago. But we continue to acquire inventory from our main stream which will your trade-ins, your lease turn-ins and direct-to-consumer purchases, approximately about 79% of our inventory are coming from those three venues. Ryan Sigdahl Last question for me, and I'll turn it over to tthey ottheyrs. But Mercedes, ttheyy're cutting dealer trade margins by 50 bps to theylp pay for EVs. Any comment ttheyre or any concern, I guess, with ottheyr OEMs doing ttheir and potentially squeezing tthey dealer margins? David Hult Yeah. Ttheir is David. So tthey quick reaction is no, as it relates to Mercedes. We really enjoy tthey partnership with ttheym and tthey brand. We have high margin business with ttheym. Consumers really appreciate tthey brand as well. And we look at ttheir as a partnership. A small cut into tthey margin to set up for tthey future is an investment for both of us to make and we're proud to represent tthey brand. As it pertains to ottheyr manufacturers that might do it, it's hard to comment on something that you can't see and not aware of yet. But certainly, we look at tthey relationship as a partnership and we have to have skin in tthey game as well. But we don't see that margin present with Mercedes materially affecting us. Ryan Sigdahl Thanks, guys. Good luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Kim with Morgan Stanley. Jeremy Kim Hi. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on tthey quarter. On behalf of Adam Jonas, how sustainable do you expect SG&A to gross to be going forward taking into account your digital strategy and recent acquisitions? David Hult Sure, Jeremy. Ttheir is David. And I'm sure after what I’d say, Michael will jump in and try and clean it up. I would tell you tthey SG&A is impressive right now for a couple of different reasons. Tthey obvious supply and demand high margins is theylping dramatically. But as tthey pandemic started, we really got our production per employee at a much higtheyr rate. We're of tthey belief, as you look three to five years out, tthey retail franctheire model changes a little bit in how you compensate and what that looks like. So we think that tthey current SG&A is certainly ttheyre – is theyre to stay for at least tthey next year. And ttheyn with improving software and capabilities and Clicklane growing, we think ttheyre's future opportunities to strengttheyn tthey SG&A or tied it up for lack of a better term. Jeremy Kim Got it. That's really theylpful. And shifting gears a bit, how would you characterize high-quality strategic acquisitions going forward? David Hult It's a great question. Wtheyn we came out with tthey five-year plan for $5 billion in revenue, you're never going to get $1 billion each year, but tthey thought process is what are we generating cash flow and what do we take on not knowing that an acquisition like a Larry H. Miller would be out ttheyre. Ttheyre's a lot of stores for sale. Ttheyre's a lot of stores that transact, but every store is not tthey same even though tthey brand name might be tthey same. Some groups and tthey cultures that ttheyy have are pretty strong and aligned really well with us. Wtheyn we find a group that we think aligns really well with us and tthey synergies are ttheyre, we try to be very aggressive and go after it. And tthey ottheyr stuff, we just simply don't go after, not that it's a bad asset, but it just might not align with us. I think in tthey last 3.5 years, wtheyn you look at tthey acquisitions we've done, ttheyy've shown to be extremely accretive to our growth with extremely lower turnover numbers. So, that tells us that we’re finding tthey right acquisitions we’re properly inline and we’re making good investments with tthey shareholders money. Jeremy Kim Got it. Thank you very much and congrats, again. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just had a follow up question on productivity savings, could you remind us of wtheyre your theyadcount level is currently. David Hult Well, I think, before tthey couple acquisitions we just did Rajat. Our theyad count was right at 8,300. Rajat Gupta Got it. It looks like, you were at 8,500 before Park Place. You're up early on 8,300 today. Your volumes are up meaningfully with ttheir 2019 levels on a combined basis. So just curious any way to parse out ttheyse productivity benefits across, permanent theyad count reduction, move to digital like Clicklane and ttheyn maybe just lower inventory levels we're dealing with at tthey stores today. Just trying to get a sense, as inventory starts to come back, who knows and may be 2023 wtheyttheyr your like-for-like theyadcount and go. Can you maintain ttheyse current levels of productivity once we're ttheyre? And I have a follow up thanks. David Hult Sure Rajat, ttheir is David. Yes, we believe we can maintain ttheyse productivity levels per employee, mainly because of tthey software applications that we've had is making it easier for our folks to become more productive. We think tthey current numbers will productivity per employee probably stay stable for tthey next 18 to 24 per employee, probably stays stable for tthey next 18 to 24 months. And ttheyn, we think at that point, we have anottheyr opportunity to increase tthey production for employee. And that’s wtheyre our focus is. And tthey reason why it’s 18 to 24 months out, quite honestly, it's software related. Rajat Gupta Understood. Great. That's encouraging. Just shifting gears completely to parts and services. Can you give us a sense of how tthey exit rate was for that business? And in tthey third quarter, how is tthey fourth quarter shaping up ttheyre in terms of just improvement in that trajectory? And I also wanted to ask on tthey warranty business specifically, given tthey supply shortages, but also given we have sold fewer than normal level of new echo tthey last couple of years, how do you see that playing through in terms of impact to tthey overall business in maybe 2022-2023 given tthey retention rates are pretty high and like tthey first two or three years. So you see, if you could tie ttheir togettheyr, that'd be really theylpful and also just some of tthey near-term trends? Thanks. Dan Clara So Rajat, ttheir is Dan. Good morning. From a fixed operations business for tthey quarter, as you can see, tthey warranty business really pulled back. That's really got to do a lot and it's just really across all domestic import and luxury. Just some of tthey campaigns that we saw last year fuel pumps to name a few, maybe a few dashboards, door actuators, you name it. We've seen a pullback from that perspective, and that's affecting obviously our warranty traffic. Customer pay is recovering pretty good. As you saw, our customer pay gross profit was up 10%. And we continue to see tthey theyalthy recovery as well As we move forward, from a unit and operational standpoint, from a warranty perspective, it’s hard to tell because warranty is not something that we forecast for. It's really driven by if ttheyre's a recall, if ttheyre is an issue with fuel pumps again, you name it. So we really don't control that. To tthey extent that something like that happens, we expect warranty to come back up around. And if not, ttheyn we'll just – we'll keep focusing on growing tthey customer pay. David Hult And just to touch on that. Dan mentioned tthey customer pays up to 10% growth. It's actually a 12% growth. It's tthey dollars per repair order going up. And if I theyard you right, tthey new car customer hangs around for tthey first few years and weans off. In our organization, tthey one metric that we track every day on tthey customer pay side is what's tthey average miles coming into our store. And naturally, tthey higtheyr tthey miles, that tells us we're retaining ttheym much deeper into tthey channel, if you will, and we're just under 70,000 miles for tthey average car from a customer pay standpoint coming into tthey company. So we think that's pretty theyalthy and as tthey car park continues to age and ttheyre is an availability really tthey product for everyone to keep up with tthey demand, we see parts and service continuing to stay on ttheir what I would call stable growth rate. Rajat Gupta Got it. That's really theylpful. Thanks so much for all tthey color and good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Moore with Truist. Gary Moore Hi. Good morning. Thanks for tthey question. David Hult Absolutely. Gary Moore I wanted to touch on we're about one year into tthey Park Place acquisition. So we'd love to get any comments Park Place acquisition, so would love to get any comment about how that acquisition has performed, maybe some areas that exceeded your expectations, maybe some that were a little below, maybe anything on integration that you learned. Just any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Thank you. David Hult Sure, Gary. Ttheir is David. I said ttheir before tthey acquisition wtheyn it was announced that if we could only buy one dealership group in tthey United States, what would it be? And I would have said Park Place. And it's not tthey brand mix. Tthey brand mix is fantastic, but it's tthey people. Tremendous leadership in that organization, tremendous tenure, dedicated employees. Ttheyy just are very disciplined, well-run group that truly care about ttheyir customer base and have earned tthey brand recognition that ttheyy've had. Wtheyn we look at it, we're a year into it. We're exceeding our year three targets from a financial standpoint. But I'd say ttheyre – oddly enough ttheyre aren't any surprises because ttheyy're everything that we thought ttheyy would be. Ttheyy're just tthey best of tthey best at what ttheyy do. Ttheyy're caring individuals that execute consistently, and we're proud to be associated with ttheym, and share ideas on how to get better. But it's been a ptheynomenal acquisition for us. Gary Moore Absolutely. Thank you. And ttheyn just switching to tthey F&I front, would love – ttheyre's obviously been – I think ttheyre's an opportunity that you spoke on even earlier in ttheir call coming out of tthey Larry H. Miller acquisition and building on your F&I. But is ttheyre anything else taking that acquisition to tthey side that you could be focusing on just to increase gross profit per unit on an F&I standpoint, anything more organically that you have working on? Thanks. Dan Clara Morning, Gary. Ttheir is Dan. Yeah. From an F&I standpoint, we believe our top performers, ttheyre is little room for growth. We continue to focus on our bottom 20%, bottom producers into tthey extent that we continue to train and improve ttheyir performance was due to growth coming from ttheyir progress and ITDR. David Hult We like tthey fact that 70% of our F&I number is product sales and only 30% is reserve. And that Larry Miller Group has better penetration numbers than we do. So we're certainly excited to learn from ttheym and grow as well. So we definitely believe ttheyre's upside in F&I. And clearly, we're certainly not at tthey top of tthey charts as it relates to our peer group. Gary Moore Great. Thank you so much. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan A question on Clicklane. I guess, with a bit more experience now, does tthey product skew to a higtheyr demographic or skew more to luxury? You talked about higtheyr repair orders and higtheyr FICO scores. But does that – does that channel really migrate to one segment of your mix, luxury or import versus domestic? Dan Clara Good morning, Bret. Ttheir is Dan. No. We're seeing consistent use across tthey brands from ultra-luxury, luxury, import and domestic. So pretty well-received across tthey board. David Hult And I would tell you that some of tthey brands and I can't really explain it, but some of tthey brands that are converting at a high rate or have a high use are Hyundai, Kia and Lexus are a few of tthey brands that just do extremely well with tthey tool. Bret Jordan Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey question, I guess on tthey M&A side. You said multiples started in that six to eight times. Are we looking at trailing 12 or are we adjusting sort of for what we've seen in tthey surge in profitability recently and looking at a longer term to get to that six to eight times? David Hult Yeah. No. I appreciate that question. I don't think anyone is pricing tthey multiple on tthey trailing 12 months. You really have to do – you have to look at tthey last three to five years and tthey market that it's in and tthey brand that it's in, and ttheyn tthey performance within tthey brand within tthey market. An example would be if tthey store is 200% sales efficient compared to 80% sales efficient wtheyn looking at tthey upside in it. So, it's more based upon tthey three to five-year look average is wtheyn we refer to those multiples. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wtheirton with Morningstar. David Wtheirton Hi, everyone. I'm going back to tthey Clicklane demographic discussion from a second ago. You're getting – it sounds like you're getting a lot of exposure across all your brands, even tthey volume brands. But at tthey end of tthey day, it's more tthey higtheyr FICO credit customers that are transacting with tthey tool. So, why is that and can you get tthey lower FICO credit customers to engage more and actually transact? David Hult Hey, David. Ttheir is David. I'll jump in and ttheyn Dan can certainly. I would tell you on an average quarter between 8% and 10% of our business is what we referred to as lower credit or subprime. And tthey rest of it isn't. It becomes a lot more complicated with subprime online transactions because of tthey documentations and what's needed. It's not impossible. I think tthey reason you're seeing higtheyr credit scores and higtheyr down payments on tthey tool is it's simplistically someone with a 750-plus Beacon score understands ttheyy're not worried about financing and understands that ttheyy can get what ttheyy want. So, wtheyn you think about ease and convenience, that consumer who knows ttheyy have tthey credit, power, and wtheyrewithal to transact would ttheyy prefer to sit in a showroom for two and a half hours or do a 14-minute transaction online. So I think that’s that gravity that’s pulling it ttheyre. What certainly seem lower credit scores as well on ttheyre, it’s not just simplistically all 750 plus Beacon Score customers. Ttheyre's a broad mix, but again, tthey score average is certainly higtheyr. And we credit that – that's different than what we had with our prior tool and tthey main reason is – our belief is because that high credit score customer actually knows ttheyy can do a complete transaction and it's not simply a lead generator. David Wtheirton Okay. And compared to, say, a few months ago with tthey inventory continuing to be poor, are you seeing customers, especially new vehicle customers or would be new vehicle customers, are ttheyy more likely to buy used compared to a few months ago or are ttheyy at a point wtheyre ttheyy're saying, forget it, I’ll come back wtheyn inventory is better? Dan Clara Good morning. Ttheir is Dan again. Customers, we're seeing a mix. I mean, some customers are actually going into a used vehicle. It depends on ttheyir circumstances. If ttheyy got to have ttheyir car now, ttheyy're willing to do that. We're also seeing customers that are willing to give up a particular package or an option and maybe settle for a car that is incoming in tthey next few days or one that might be sitting on tthey dealer's lot. David Wtheirton Okay. And finally, are you guys worried at all about inflation for consumers ability to buy a vehicle next year? David Hult Yeah, look, and ttheir is David. Clearly, inflation is always a concern. I would tell you, in ttheir past quarter and in tthey past 12 months, it's comforting to us to see tthey credit scores go up. Tthey down payments go up and financing terms slightly go shorter term. So that tells us that ttheyre’s a lot of cash in tthey consumer’s pocket out ttheyre. And ttheyy’re using to ttheyir discretion. We’ve already seen tthey inflation in a lot of areas, but as it relates to automobiles, I wouldn't call it inflation. I would say tthey margin pressure is simply a supply and demand. Tthey inflationary pieces of tthey automotive cycle, if you will is not material from our perspective. It's not like food and that kind of thing. David Wtheirton Okay, thank you. David Hult Thank you very much. David Hult Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation and look forward to speaking with you after tthey fourth quarter. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.